46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 14,
Ho. or ivBPs.
Admission of Virginia—Mr. Sweeney.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
for that substitute ; for this bill never. I can-
not vote for it because it makes unjust and
unfair discriminations against the people of that
State not required of other States; because it
forever prohibits the people of that State from
changing its public-school system, while the
experience of States shows that the constant
changes in the wants of society requires constant
changes in their school systems, and because
the people of that State can judge better of
their wants in that regard than can Congress.
I cannot vote for it because it imposes, in ray
judgment, unconstitutional test-oaths upon its
citizens elected to office. I cannot vote for it
because it assumes by legislation of this House
to elect or legalize the election of UnitedStates
Senators from Virginia, when the Constitution
of the United States provides the method of
the election of those officers by a State, and
makes the Senate the sole judges of the qual-
ification and election of United States Senators;
and, finally, I cannot vote for it because it vio-
lates all my notions of the dignity and character
of a sovereign State in the Federal Union.
Admission of Virginia.
SPEECH OF HON. W. N. SWEENEY,
OF KENTUCKY,
Is the House of Representatives,
January 14, 1870,
On the bill (ii. 11. JTo. 783) to admit the State of
Virginia to representation in the Congress of the
United States.
Mr. SWEENEY. Mr. Speaker, having the
honor to represent on this floor a district which
has been voiceless here during the greater part
of the period covering the reconstruction meas-
ures of Congress by the unjust, illegal, and
unholy action of the Republican party, in then-
refusal to admit to his seat that sterling patriot
and gifted orator and statesman, Hon. John
Young Brown, whom they had chosen to rep-
resent them, I feel I should fail to discharge
the high trust they have committed to me did
I not take some humble part in these, the clos-
ing scenes, as I believe, of that high-handed
system of usurpation which has marked the
history of that party since it has had control of
the Government, and to add my voice to the
patriotic utterances resounding from all sides
of this Chamber, and welling out in bold and
manly phrase from Republicans as well as
Democrats, in condemnation of the record it
has made before the country.
The master minds of the Republican party
both here and in the other end of the Capitol
have nobly come to the rescue of the great
constitutional principles involved and assisted
to preserve untarnished the plighted faith and
honor of the Government toward Virginia; and
although the leaven of the Constitution has not
done its full work in their minds, and there is
still much of error to be eradicated, yet as I
have listened with rapt attention and unflag-
ging interest as these truths, so long pent up,
have Struggled to the light, the dark shadows
so long overhanging the country begin to lift,
and I think I can see the bow of hope once
more spanning our political firmament.
I submit to those of the Republican party into
whose darkened souls on these questions no
ray of light has seemed ever to have penetrated,
or, if so, the radiance of whose beams has been
allowed to bo eclipsed by the lurid glare of the
fires of unholy partisan ambition or obscured
by the mists of prejudice and rankling hate,
that it is high time this mad, cruel farce that
has been enacting here since the war had
ceased and that right reason had assumed her
preeminence and guidance in the legislation
of the country.
This controversy cannot last always. The
fierce, bitter, unrelenting, and vindictive policy
that has pursued and hunted down the seced-
ing States since their armies bit the dust in
glorious fight must surely some time be sated;
and what more fitting occasion than now, in
the case of the renowned old Commonwealth
of Virginia—that benificent old mother, com-
ing to us in her weeds of mourning, and asking
to be admitted to the family altar, and to re-
union with her children and the sisterhood of
States ? Can vengeance, as it looks on the
battle-scarred, mangled, prostrate form of Vir-
ginia, ask more than she has suffered? She has
felt the rude touch and blast of war in all her
parts; it has swept over her mountains and
her valleys, carrying havoc and desolation in
its fiery track; she has seen the luxurious
homes of her people, that dotted her hill-sides
and her plains, and the smiling plenty that
waved in gladness over her fields, laid waste
and desolate; her heroic dead have fallen and
lie buried under almost every acre of her soil;
she has been stripped of her wealth, dismem-
bered of her territory, trampled in the dust by
the iron heel of military satrapy; and what,
sir, has she not endured in the four destruc-
tive and terrible years of conflict and the yet
more weary, oppressive, and degrading vassal-
age of the succeeding five years of peace!
I think I can see, sir, that the cup of her
misery has brimmed to the full, that the iron
fetters that have shackled her will be stricken
off, and that this Congress will permit her to
stand forth alongside her sister States disen-
thralled, free, the coequal and the peer of the
other States of the Union. There are num-
bers of Republican members, I know, who would
still keep her in chains, who would drive the
iron yet deeper into her heart's core ; but I do
not believe their fell purpose will succeed.
That she will be admitted to the Union at this
time is certain, the question is only as to the
terms on which it shall be done.
Gentlemen insist upon providing guarda for
future security and protection. Security for
what? Protection for what? The people of
the State of Virginia, under the Constitution
of the United States, will enjoy all the rights
of any other American citizens. So long as the
Republican principle in her local government
is maintained, so long will they be secured in
all the rights and entitled to all the beneficence
our institutions are intended to afford. We
can have no power to enter the domain of any
State, either in the form of direct legislation
operating upon her people, or of fundamental
conditions imposed which seek to limit their
supremacy over their local polity. To attempt
this in any form is but to attempt by legislative
enactment to extend the prohibitions of the
constitutions upon the States, and to supple-
ment the grants of power to the General Gov-
ernment.
The conditions this bill seeks to impose upon
the State of Virginia are utterly nugatory. The
express provision of the Constitution by which
the Government of the United Statesis limited
to the powers granted, and such incidental
powers as maybe necessary to their execution,
while to the States and to the people are re-
served all other powers, would seem to make
all argument on this point superfluous. I quote
the provision:
"The powersnot delegated to thollnited States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States
aro reserved io the States respectively or to the
people."
This bill seeks to perpetuate the disposition
to be made of the school fund ; to prescribe
the qualification of jurors in her courts of jus-
tice, and to impose oaths on her civil officers
not required by her own nor provided in the
Constitution of the United States; or which
comes to the same thing, seeks tjirough all
coming time to deprive her of her power over
these subjects. Here are the provisions :
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United, States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the State of Virginia is entitled to repre-
sentation in Congress as a State of the Union, under
the constitution ratified on the 6th day of J uly, 1869,
upon the following fundamental conditions: First,
that no persons shall hold any office, civil or mili-
tary, in said State who shall not have taken_ and
subscribed'one of the following oaths or affirmations,
namely: "i dosolemnlyswear(oraffirm)thatlhave
never taken an oath as a member of Congress or as
an officer of the UnitedStates, or as a member of any
State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial offi-
cer of any State, to support the Constitution of the
UnitedStates, and thereafter engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the same or given aid or comfort
to the enemies thereof;" or, "1 do solemnly swear
(or affirm) that i have boen relieved from disability
by an act of Congress, as provided for by the third
section of the fourteenth article of the amendments
of the Constitution oftho United States." Second,
that the constitution of said State shall never be so
amendedorchansedastodeprive any citizen orclass
of citizens of the UnitedStates of the right to vote or
hold office in said State who are entitled to vote or
hold office by said constitution, except as a punish-
ment for such crimes as are now felonies at common
law, whereof they shall have been duly convicted
under laws equally applicable to all the inhabitants
of said State; or to prevent any person, on account
of race, color.or previous condition of servitude, from
serving as a juror, or participating equally in the
school fund or school privileges provided for in said
constitution: Provided, That any alteration of said
constitution equally applicable to all the voters of
said State may be made with regard to the time and
place of residence of said voters. Third, that all
persons who shall at the time when said constitution
shall take effect, hold or exercise the functions of
any executive, administrative, or judicial office in
said State by the appointment or authority of the dis-
trict commander shall continue to discharge the du-
ties of their respective offices until their successors
or those upon whom such duties shall, under said
constitution, devolve, are duly chosen or appointed
and qualified. , m .
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the election
of United States Senators by the General Assembly
of said State on the 19th day of October, 1869, shall
havethe same validity as if made by previous author-
ity of law.
On what ground are these conditions to be
maintained? On what principle can gentlemen
claim a larger measure of power over the peo-
ple of Virginia than over those of Massachusetts
or Ohio; on what necessity base the claim
that her people need to be protected beyond the
protection common to all the States within the
power of the Government to afford? Upon her
readmission the broad mantle of the Constitu-
tion will extend over her as over the other
States, and under its £3gis her people can repose
in all the great rights and blessings our free
institutions can vouchsafe. The people and
the States of this Union are and must remain
equal. The Government was originally framed
by equally free, independent, and sovereign
communities. In their grants of power to the
common Union they both parted with and re-
tained equal parts of their original sovereignty.
Nobody can have the hardihood to dispute
this. And, sir, what is confessedly true of the
original States in this regard is equally true of
all the other States which may be admitted.
It is absurd to suppose that the plan of govern-
ment our fathers devised admits of any such
construction as "will give Congress power in
the admission of other members to change, by
the imposition of limitations and conditions
not found in the Constitution, the whole char-
acter of the system of government they con-
structed ; to make a motley concern of it, some
States having more power, some less. But
because they provided by the Constitution for
the admission of new States, giving to Congress
the naked power to admit and imposing no
positive restrictions upon its exercise, the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] contends
Congress has all the power claimed by the
friends of this bill; but he surely forgets the
nature of the power conferred, the slightest
attention to which, as it seems to me, must
have satisfied him that the single line of the
Constitution, that'' new States may be admitted
by the Congress into this Union," gives all the
power that was necessary or that was intended.
The power is to admit new States ; the term
that had been employed to designate the high
contracting parties to the instrument since their
emergence from colonial dependency. The
