3892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Mr. STEWART. I was authorized by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to state a
fact which seems to me very important, that
of the fifty-three permanent female clerks in
that bureau their labor for the last year aver-
aged more and was better performed than the
aggregate amount of labor of any similar num-
ber that could be picked out of the $1,200 male
clerks; and that of the fifty-three thus em-
ployed all but ope had somebody else dependent
upon them for support. It was stated here in
opposition .to this amendment that the male
clerks had others dependent upon them for
support. -Of the fifty-three female clerks there
was only one, and she was an old lady, who
had not somebody else to provide for besides
herself. The Commissioner said that I might
state that to the Senate as reliable.
The' question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Erownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Davis,
Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Texas, Har-
lan, Harris, Howard. Johnston, McDonald, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Scott, Spencer, Stewart. Stockton, Sumner,
Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, Willey, and
Yates—-36.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Oragin, Drake, Hamilton ot
Marylund, Hamlin, Howe. McOreery, Movrili of Ver-
mont, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sherman,
Sprague, and Williams—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Edmunds, Fenton, Gil-
bert, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, Norton, Pomeroy,
Revels, Robertson, Ross, Schurz, Thayer, Thurman,
and Wilson—16.
So the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. CAMERON. Task unanimous consent
to make a report at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will receive the report.
RELIEF 01' AltMY OFFICERS.
Mr. CAMERON. The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, t,o whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 109) amendatory of the
joint resolution for the relief of certain offi-
cers of the Army, approved July 26, 1866,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment; and I ask that it be put on its
passage now. It will not take a minute. It is
to allow prisoners of war to receive for the
time they were in rebel prisons the compensa-
tion to which they would have been entitled if
they had been performing duty. The resolu-
tion has passed the House of Representatives,
and there can be no objection to it.
The VICE PRESlbBNT. The Senator
from "Pennsylvania asks for the present con-
sideration of this joint resolution, which he
states is for the benefit of Army officers im-
prisoned in rebel prisons during the war. The
Secretary will'report the joint resolution, sub-
ject to objection.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the joint
resolution, but was interrupted by
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object to the
consideration of the joint resolution.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
Maine would forego his objection for a moment.
If he will listen to me for one minute I am
sure he will withdraw his objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
the Senator ought to ask me to allow the
appropriation bill to be set aside.
Mr. CAMERON. This is a joint resolution
for the relief of men who were imprisoned in
rebel prisons for many months.
"Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope we shall
be fixst allowed to get through with the appro-
priation bill, and then the Senator can call up
this measure.
Mr. CAMERON. The reason why I aslc it
is that I am going away this afternoon and
shall not be here to-night. 'It is very import-
ant to these poor people, all of them men
emaciated and broken down, that the resolu-
tion should be passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
does not contemplate going away, I suppose,'
until eight o'clock this evening ?
Mr? CAMERON. Yes, sir; I go at four
o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If I do not get
out of your way with the appropriation bill
before three o'clock I will yield.
Mr. CAMERON. Agreed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The ^Senator
from Pennsylvania, then, withdraws the report
for the present?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reserved
amendment is the amendment in regard to the
extension of the Capitol grounds. Is the read-
ing of the amendment called for by any Sen-
ator ?
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to have the amend-
ment read.
The Ghief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert as additional sections the fol-
lowing :
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the public
grounds surrounding the Capitol shall be enlarged
(according to the plan approved by the Committees
on Public Buildings of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, respectively, which plan is hereby di-
rected to bedepositedin the custody of the Secretary
of the Interior.) by extension between First street
east and First street west, in the following manner:
northwardly to the south side of North B street, and
southwardly to the north side of South B street, in-
eluding, in addition to so much of the reservations,
avenues, and streets as are necessary for such exten-
sion, the two squares designated on the plan of the
city of Washington as number six hundred and
eighty-seven and six hundred eighty-eight, respect-
ively.
Skc. 9. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty ol the Secretary of the Interior to purchase
from the owner or ownexs thereof, at such price, not
exceeding its actual cash value, as may bo mutually
agreed on between the Secretary and such owner or
owners, and not exceeding the appraisal made by the
commission of nine in their report to Robert Ould,
United States district attorney for the District of
Columbia, on the 21st day of January, 1861, such pri-
vate property as may be necessary for carrying this
act into effect, the value of the property so pur-
chased to be paid to the owner or owners thereof out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated on the requisition of said Secretary: Pro-
vided, That baforo such payment shall be made the
owner or owners of the property purchased shall by
good andsullicient deed or deeds, indue form of law,
and approved by the Attorney General ofthe United
States, fully release and convey to the United States
all their and each of their several and respective
rights in said titles to such lands and property so
purchased.
Sec. 10. And beit further enacted. That if the Secre-
tary of tho Interior shall not be able to agree with
the owner or owners of any privato property needed
for the purposes of this act upon the price to be paid
therefor, or if for any other cause he shall be unable
to obtain the title to any such property by mutual
agreement with theowneror owners thereof, it shall
be his duty to make application to the supreme
court of tho District of Columbia, which court is
hereby authorized and required, upon such applica-
tion, in such mode and under such rules and regula-
tions as it may adopt, to make a just and equitable
appraisement of the cash value of the several inter-
ests of each and every owner of tho real estate and
improvements thereon necessary to be taken for the
publio use, in accordance with tho provisions of this
act, and to which the Secretary has been unable to
obtain the title by mutual agreement with the owner
or owners thereof.
Sbo.11. Andbeitfurther enacted, That the fee-sim-
ple of all premises so appropriated for publio use of
which an appraisement shall have been made under
the order and direction of said court, shall, upon pay-
ment to the owner or owners, respectively, of the
appraised value, or in case the said owner or owners
refuse or neglect for fifteen days after the appraise-
ment of the cash value of said lands and improve-
ments by said court to demand the samo from tho
Secretary of the Interior, upon depositing the said
appraised value in the said court to the credit of such
owneror owners, respectively, be vested in theUnited
States. And the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
authorized and required to pay to the several owner
or owners, respectively, the appraised value of the
several premises as specified- in the appraisement of
said court, or pay into court by deposit, ashereinbe-
fore provided, the said appraised values; and the
sum necessary for such purpose is hereby appropri-
ated out of any moneys in the Treasury j ot other-
wise appropriated.
Ssc. 12. And be it further enacted. That said court
may direct tho time and manner in wbich possession
Ot the property condemned shall be taken or deliv-
ered, and may, if necessary, enforce any order or
issuo any process for giving possession. The costs
occasioned by the inquiry and assessment shall bo
paid by thelJnitedStates; and as to other costs which
may arise, th'fey shall be charged or taxed as tho
court may direct.
Sec. 1$. Afid be it further enacted, That no delay
in making an assessment of compensation or in taking
possession shall be occasioned by any doubt which
may arise as to the ownership of the property or any
part thereof, or as to the interests of the respective
owners; but in such cases the court shall require a
deposit of the money allowed as compensation for
the whole property, or the part in dispute. In all
cases, as soon as the United States shall have paid
the compensation assessed, or secured its payment,
by a deposit of money, under the order of the court,
possession of the.property may be taken.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the Wash-
ington and Georgetown .Railroad Company and the
Metropolitan Railroad Company be, and they are
hereby, required to remove their, tracks, respectively,
from the Capitol grounds, as hereby established,
and to run the same as they may be directed from
time to time, by the officer in charge of the public
buildings and grounds, as the grading and filling up
of said grounds may render necessary.
Sec. 15, And be it further enacted. That the sum of
$50,000 is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be ex-
pended by the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, under the supervision of the achitect of the
Capitol extension, in grading, filling up, removing
buildings, and improving the public grounds and
streets around the Capitol, as herein enlarged ; and
the Secretary of the Interioris hereby authorized to
sell at public auction, such materials in the buildings
insquares JSTos. 687 and 638 as are not necessary for tho
public works in this District; and further, that the
moneys realized by such sales shall be applied to the
improvement and extension of the Capitol grounds.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, a substantial
reason in opposition to the adoption of this
proposed amendment has been set forth by the
Legislature of Iowa in a resolution which I hold
in my hand, and will ask the Secretary to read
as a part of my remarks.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Joint resolution in relation to the removal of tho
national capital.
Whereas the present national capital was located
in the infancy of the Republic, and with reference to
the convenience of the people living on the Atlantic
coast; and whereas the remarkable growth of our
country, the rapid increase of its population, the vast
extent of the additions made to its territory, and tho
wonderful development of its agricultural, mineral,
and commercial resources, forcibly suggests and de-
mands a more central and eligible position for the
permanent seat of Government; and whereas it is
believed the removal indicated is only a question of
time, and that the time has come when it should bo
practically and earnestly considered and prepared
ton Therefore,
Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Iowa,
That our Senators in Congress be, and are hereby,
instructed, and our Representatives requested, to
oppose all appropriations of public funds for the
erection of now buildings, or permanent additions to
those now m existence, or for other permanent im-
provements in the District of Columbia, except so far
as the same may be absolutely necessary; and to use
all honorable means to effect, at the earliest practi-
cable period, a removal of the seat of Government •
from -Washington city to some point in the great
valley of the Mississippi.
Resolved, That the secretary of State be directed
to forward a copy of this preamble and joint resolu-
tion to each of our Senators and Representatives*!!*
Congress.
Approved, February 25,1870.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, it is mani*
fesfc from this statement made by the Legisla-
ture of one of the States of the Union that this
subject is now being considered seriously by
the people. The inhabitants of the State of*
Iowa embrace emigrants from all the States of
the Union, and. an opinion expressed by them,
therefore, may be taken, as a reflex of the opin-
ion of the people of the whole nation, There
can therefore bo no doubt, I think, that the
time is approaching when this question will be
pressed on the serious attention of the Con-
gress of the United States, with a possibility,
not to say a probability, that the decision will
bejnade in accordance with the suggestions of
the resolution which has just been read. The
probability of such a result ought to be a con-
clusive reason against making appropriations
that would be entirely useless if the capital
should be removed. The appropriation con-
templated by this amendment is of that char-
acter. It proposes that the Government shall
condemn the private property found on two
entire squares of this city located near the j
Capitol; that the buildings, including hotels, =
boar$iug*liouses, and private residences, cover* !
ing nearly the whole area of these two squares, 3
