1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
declare suspended, all such assignations made by us
in any manner whatsoever;" * * * *
"and we order the moneys coming from such
pledged property to be henceforth paid into our
royal treasury, for the support of our own necessities,
declaring from this dsy forth all payments other-
wise made to be null and void."
This was perfectly simple. There was 110
attempt to disguise the villainy of the transac-
tion." Would you know the effect of this high-
handed outrage ? The historian may answer:
" The effect of the promulgation of this measure
was instantaneous. Two millions and a half of bills
of exchange sold by the Cardinal Albert came back
in one day protested. The chief merchants and
bankers of Europe suspended payment. Their cred-
itors became bankrupt. At the Frankfort fair there
were more failures in one day than there had ever
been in all the years since Frankfort existed. In
Genoa alone a million dollars of interest were con-
fiscated. It was no better in Antwerp; but Antwerp
was already ruined. There was a general howl of
indignation and despair upon every exchange, in
every counting-room, in every palace, in every cot-
tage of Christendom. Such a tremendous repudia-
tion of national debts was never heard of before.
There had been debasements of the currency, petty
frauds by kings upon their unfortunate peoples; but
such a crime as this had never been conceived by
human heart before."
'' Had never been conceived by human heart
before." Then the former days were better
than these ; for here in this august presence,
before the features of your illustrious early
statesmen, beneath the goddess which crowns
your Capitol, we find the disciples of Philip II.
And what would be the effect of such a
measure here? It would be as instantaneous as
in Europe. Scores and hundreds of millions
of bills would be protested. Our chief mer-
chants and bankers would suspend payment.
Their creditors would become bankrupt. There
would be more failures in our principal cities
in one day than in all the years since we have
been a nation. Merchants, wholesale and re-
tail, jobbers, bankers and brokers, savings-
banks, and life, fire, and marine insurance
companies, manufacturers, and tradesmen of
every kind and degree would come down in
one total crash. A general howl of indigna-
tion would arise from every quarter of the land.
The wail of despair would be heard in the palace
of the rich and the log-hut of the pioneer.
Hundreds of thousands would be deprived of
their daily employment and their daily bread.
Starvation would come to add its horrors to
the scene. All Europe would stagger under
the blow, and an indignant world would unite
to blot America from the map of the nations.
An easy task ; for no man, native or foreign,
would lift a band or offer a penny in defense
of a nation with a repudiated debt, prostrate
and ruined business, and a starving population.
Sir, I believe the American people are hon-
est. I believe they are willing to pay their just
debts. I believe they would bow their heads
in the dust with shame if they thought the Gov-
ernment would refuse the payment of its right-
eous indebtedness. I have faith in the Ameri-
can people; and I should not dare to look my
constituents in the face if I did not indignantly
deny for them the charge that they are willing
to repudiate one dollar of what they justly owe.
I will not impute to them or permit others
to impute to them such amazing dishonesty.
They may be poor in purse, but they are rich
in integrity, and a good name is to them above
rubies. Their hands are hardened with toil,
but no stain of dishonesty rests upon them,
nor ever will by their consent. They will not
stultify their manhood, and at the same time
bring irretrievable disaster on the material
interests of the country. I look with pride on
our present wonderful physical resources and
progress. I see commerce running a career
unparalleled in all the past. I see the Atlantic
coast wedded to the Pacific, and the marriage-
ring is iron. I see the Old World wedded to
the new, and the hymeneal bond is an electric
cord at the bottom of the sea. I see our inland
commerce, agriculture, manufactures, and
mining interests adding scores of millions
annually to our national wealth; and this rich
ana fruitful present tells me that repudiators
will be scattered by an honest and prosperous
people as doves flee from a farmer's barn
" when summer lightnings stab the roof."
And, looking down the future, I see a people
happy in the consciousness of their integrity,
i I see this people rising in power and dignity
: among the nations. It has "fought a good
j fight" and " triumphed gloriously." It "has
i kept the faith" with its creditors, and it stands
I in the pure white light of truth, honor and
! honesty its chief ornament and crowning
| glory. I see the nation speeding on in her
i unrivaled career; peace dwelling in all her
borders; all her material interests gaining new
conquests; education humanizing and elevat-
ing the humblest and poorest; a people free,
i intelligent, enterprising, rich, and powerful;
j pretection^and equal rights guarantied to all;
' the fabled Atlantis realized at last in liberty
! regulated by law.
FINANCE AND TARIFF.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker,
the further we recede from the rebellion and
j the nearer we approach the completion of the
work of reconstruction the more imperious
becomes the demand that less exciting but
more intricate and equally momentous ques-
tions be considered; questions that we can-
1 not set aside if we would, for they relate to the
| welfare of every citizen in the Republic. All
seem impressed that something must he done
to extricate the nation from straitened cir-
cumstances, or, as some believe, from impend-
ing ruin. The questions being pressed for solu-
tion relate to finance, taxation, external and
internal, the development of resources, in short
everything that will pay off public obligations
without oppressive taxation, without derang-
ing business or depreciating the circulating
medium. Upon all these questions there are
no very settled plans so far as details are con-
cerned. Theories, however, are as numerous
as are the adverse interests of the various sec-
tions of the country. So abundant are opin-
ions that a stranger to this country would be
likely to derive the impression that we are an
inharmonious people and that our views and
interests are so diametrically opposed as to be
irreconcilable. There are advocates for pro-
tection upon articles that are manufactured
here—upon coal, iron, wool, sugar, salt, and
numerous other products ; while some want
no tariff upon fabrics imported, but upon'the
materials to be wrought into fabrics. The com-
mercial citiesaredemandingfree trade,pure and
absolute. Theories and views depend largely
upon local interests or whether the thing to be
protected or to come in free is produced or
consumed in a particular locality.
This contrariety of views and antagonism
of interests upon careful examination denote
more conspicuously the variety of our produc-
tions and theboundless extent of our material
resources than they indicate incompatibilities
or antagonisms too distinct and conflicting to
be harmonized by general legislation.
In the East there is a general sentiment,
without distinction of party, in favor of imme-
diate resumption of specie payment or a hur-
ried approach to that policy; and in the West,
with the same unanimity,thepeople are inveigh-
ing against it as impolitic, impossible, and
ruinous. This collision of opinions and hos-
tility of interests, after having passed the ordeal
of discussion and becoming understood, are
destined, it is hoped, to result in such legisla-
tion as will promote the general welfare and
build up the whole country without retarding
the progress of any part of it.
It cannot be denied that the nation feels
heavily the burden of taxation', that it is suf-
fering from prostration in business and from
fluctuations in the value of the currency; nor
that the energies of the people are depressed
in the presence of an immense public debt,
and the consequent demand upon their re-
sources to meet its ever accruing interest aud
the necessary expenditures of the Government, j
Our unusual condition demands the exercise
of the greatest wisdom and the purest patriot-
ism. Partisan philippic, flippant charges of
maladministration, and general fault-finding
afford no light, no relief; nor do these denote
the wisdom to devise or the patriotism to sus-
tain with impartial judgment measures to re-
lieve the country of burdens or add stimulus i0
general efforts to promote the common weal.
The emergency is upon us. The facts are
staring us in the face. We must take the con-
dition of affairs as we find it, not as we would
have it, and provide accordingly.
Men turn to the past, like a lawyer to hia
books, to find a precedent. A recurrence to
the past is mainly useful to enable us to avoid
the repetition of mistakes and the more fully
to understand the surrounding circumstances.
In my judgment, to go back to the war at the
present time is not a sufficient journey into the
past to discover all causes which have brought
the country into its present financial difficulties.
If the policy which has prevailed throughout
the greater portion of our history was just-
ified from circumstances or from necessity, and
especially if that policy has been injurious in
its influences, a new condition of things, ob-
viating the difficulties once existing, ought to
lead to such changes as will repair the damage
already done and meet the present require-
ments. It is true the war has created vast
obligations, pressing necessities, and political
derangements. But it did not bring calamities
alone; it has been attended with some bless-
ings. Not alone in causing great principles
to be better understood and more broadly ap-
plied ; but it has made us see our weaknesses,
compelled us to study our resources, and to
contrive how we can discharge the national
obligations without retarding public prosperity.
A full understanding of our condition may
lead to such a concurrence of all in a policy
that will in future stand as a bulwark against
the occurrence of periodical financial crashes
and business prostration. In considering the
situation it may not be unwise to give some
attention to a universal law—that overaction
is followed by reaction; that unnatural con-
traction succeeds unnatural expansion. The
present distress may be more comparative than
actual. The nation can fall a great way from
the giddy heights of inflation and extravagance
ascended during the rebellion without absolute
destruction or very serious injury.
The first problem that confronts us and de-
mands solution is the financial question. Much
thought has been given it and many theories
advanced. Coin being the measure by which
all things are valued by all civilized nations,
the study has been to find out how we can
bring the circulating medium of this country
up to that measurement. Until that is done
none feel safe from fluctuations and uncer-
tainties. One thing is pertain, that there must
be money enough to accommodate the business
of the country. Forty million people are de-
manding adequate means to make exchanges
for their products. It is folly to inquire how
much circulating medium is necessary upon
the basis of the value of the general commerce
of the country. The little and. uncounted trans-
actions of every-day life make it necessary that
each man should have a few dollars in his
pocket. We are advised that at the present
time there are $700,000,000 of paper money
in circulation. Who complains of a plethora?
Generally the demand is for more. Few, if
any, demand less. While the South and West,
and the interior portions of the eastern States
complain of a want of money, who hear the
cities, the moneyed centers of the country, say
they have too much?
But it is said that the.currency is inflated.
Let us understand from what stand-point this
opinion is formed. It is true that it is worth
something of a per cent, less than gold. Let
as suppose there was no gold in the country ;
then, of course paper money would be utterly
valueless. The mistake is this: the amount
of paper money is not calculated upon the basis
