4886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
shall be taken by any person, he shall be liable to pay
to the person from whom such fee shall be taken ten
times the whole amount of the fees taken by such
person, to be recovered in any court of competent
jurisdiction.
Skc. 12. And he it further enacted. That in any city
having upward of twenty thousand inhabitants, it
shall be the duty of thejudgeot the circuitor district
court of the United States for the circuit or district,
wherein said city shall be, upon the application of
two citizens, to appoint in writing for each election
district or voting precinct in said city, and to change
or renew said appointment as occasion may require,
from time to time, two citizens resident of tlio dis-
trict or precinct, one from each political party, who,
when so designated, shall bo, and are hereby, author-
ized to attend at all times and places fixed for the
registration of voters, who being registered would be
entitled to vote for Representative m Congress, and
at all times and places for holding elections of Rep-
resentatives in Congress, and for counting the votes
east at said elections, and to challenge any name
pioposed to bo registered and any vote offered, and
to bo present and witness throughout the counting
of all votes, and to remain where the ballot-boxes
are kept at all times after the polls are open until
the votes aro finally counted; and said persons and
either of them shall have the right to affix their sig-
nature or his signaturo to said register for purposes
of identification, and to attach thereto, or to the cer-
tificate of the number of votes cast, and statement
touching the truth or fairness thereof which they or
he may ask to attach ; and any one who shall prevent
any persen so designated from doing any of the acts
authorized as aforesaid, or who shall hinder or molest
any such person in doing any of tlio said acts, or shall
aid or abet in preventing, hindering, or molesting
any such person in respect of any such acts, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction shall be
punished by imprisonment not less than one year.
Sue. 13. And be it further enacted, That in any city
having upward of twenty thousand inhabitants it
shall be lawful for the marshal oi the United States
for the district wherein said city shall be to appoint
as many special deputies as may be necessary to pre-
serve order at any election at which Representatives
in Congress arc to be chosen; and said deputies aro
hereby authorized to preserve order atsuch elections
and to arrest for any offense or breach of the peaco
committed in their view.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Committee on the Judiciary.
This amendment is open to amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the honorable Sen-
ator from New York who has this bill in charge
whether it would not be better to take the course
that we have frequently taken during this ses-
sion, to allow the substitute to be considered
as the original bill by unanimous consent, for
the purpose of proceeding with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In-order
that there may be amendments to it in the
second degree?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir. There may be
occasion for amendments in the second degree,
and several times during this session, by unani-
mous consent, a substitute has been regarded
as an original bill. I presume the honorable
Senator from New York will not have any
objection to taking that course in this case.
Mr. CONKLING. If that is th? wish of the
Senate, I do not know that I have any objec-
tion to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri asks that the substitute
proposed by the Judiciary Committee shall be
regarded as an original bill, so that it may be
liable to amendment in the second degree,
which it would not be as an amendment re-
ported by the committee. It requires unani-
mous consent. Is there any objection? The
Chair hears none, and it will be so ordered.
The bill is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, and open to amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. Very reluctantly I feel com-
pelled to offer an amendment to this bill. I
am reluctant to do anything that would seem
to impede the progress of some naturalization
bill toward enactment. There is a serious
objection, in my judgment, to the bill reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary, and per-
haps to the bill that came from the House. I
will state that objection as briefly as 1 can, and
then submit the wh"oie matter to the Senate,
not wishing to delay action a moment longer
than is absolutely necessary for me to express
and put on record the objections I have to this
bill.
So far as the bill is designed to suppress the
perpetration of frauds it meets with my most
hearty concurrence. No Senator can be more
deeply impressed than I am with the conviction
that unless those frauds can in some way be
stopped they are to result probably in the shat-
tering of our institutions. I desire to express
here the conviction, that growing out of this
subject of naturalization is to be inaugurated the
first civil war in this country. The rebellion
could hardly be considered as, strictly speaking,
a civil war,as it was one section of the country
warring for independence from the Government
which goverr ed that and another section. Civil
war, I take it, is that which arrays the whole of
the nation into two parts, running through all its
portions and involving the whole in strife from
one end of it to the other. I desire to express
the conviction—it may turn out to have no
foundation, but nevertheless it is my convic-
tion, and I put it upon record here to-day—
that the first civil war that will be known in
this country will grow out of the results of
frauds practiced in the naturalization of aliens,
and the subsequent conduct of the aliens who
have thus become naturalized, and that it will
all connect itself with the city of New York,
where this day not only that city but that State
is under the domiuion of a population which
but the other day belonged to another kingdom
and owed allegiance to another Government,
but which has come, through the frauds per-
petrated in that city, to obtain the right to vote
there, thousands of them enjoying this right
there without one single shadow of legal right
to the privilege.
Mr. President, the time has come when no
matter how great a Republican majority may
be given in that portion of the State of New
York which lies outside of the city it will be
overcome by a Democratic majority in the city
of New York, provided it does not exceed
the entire vote of the city of New York. That
is perfectly understood. Every man in this
nation knows it. If the majority for the Re-
publican party in the State of New York out-
side of the city were one hundred thousand,
and the total vote of the city of New York were
one hundred and one thousand, one hundred
thousand one hundred would be counted for
the Democratic party without any reference at
all to whether the ballots were ,so cast or not.
In other words, this country has to face the
fact that in its great commercial metropolis
there is a dominion exercised, and to be exer-
cised hereafter, which will overthrow the voice
of this nation in the choice of President and
Vice President. Sir, I say here that whenever
the time comes that this nation shall see clearly
that the voice of its legal voters has been over-
thrown by this fraudulent vote in the city of
New York, then a large portion of the nation
will rise as one man and declare that the man
elected to the Presidency by that fraudulent
vote shall never take his seat as such; and
then will come the first real civil war in this
country. .
Now, Mr. President, it is my duty, it is the
duty ot the Senate, it is the duty of every true
American to devise measures to prevent such
a contingency ; and I am ready to engage in
any legislation that shall effectually prevent it.
I will go as far as the necessities of the case
demand. I will go as far as any other Sen-
ator will. But still, while we are doing this
there is one point about this whole matter
which should not be forgotten. The law that
we enact on this subject should so commend
itself to the approval of the honest people of
this nation that it will stand on the statute-
book. We ought not to legislate upon this
great subject in sueh a way as that it will be-
come instantly a point of party attack, result-
ing eventually in the triumph of the very ele-
ment of fraud which we intend shall be put
down. Here is the point of objection that 1
have to the bill reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary. It impedes, almost bars, the
way to naturalization in such a manner that
inevitably, instantly after its adoption, thework
begins to pull it down. At present any man
in any county in the United States desiring to
become a citizen of the United States can go
to the county seat of that county when the State
court is in session and obtain naturalization.
It may be of very great importance to him to
do so. It may be of great importance with
reference to his right to hold real estate, or in
reference to the transmission of inheritance.
What does this bill propose ? To have just one
tribunal in each congressional district of the
country, and, in addition to that, a circuit and
district court of the United States, in which
naturalization can take place.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to my friend from
Missouri that the same difficulty had presented
itself to my mind with grteat force, and I have
prepared an amendment which I will suggest
to him for his consideration in his remarks.
Mr. DRAKE. I have an amendment pre-
pared which I intend to offer at the close of
my remarks.
Mr. CONKLING. The amendment of the
Senator from Indiana is a very simple one, and
there is no objection'to it,
Mr. MORTON. The amendment I propose
is in the clause at the end of the first section
on page 0, which now reads:
And said commissioners shall hold stated public
sessions for performing their duties under this act.
I propose to amend that clause so that it
will read:
And said commissioners shall hold stated public
sessions for performing their duties, at least onee in
every county in his district in each year, at such
time and place as the commissioner may select, hav-
ing in view the general convenience and case of
access of the people of said district, of which notico
shall be given in each county three months in ad-
vance; and sueh place shall not be changed without
giving the same notice as to change; and said session
shall continue not less than three days and until tho
business presented shall have been transacted.
Mr. CONKLTNG. That is to take the place
of the words from line twenty-eight to line
thirty-six ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I see no objection to that.
Mr. DRAKE. On what page ?
Mr. MORTON. On page 6, beginning in
the thirtieth line, after the word " act."
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, when I was
interrupted by the Senator from Indiana I was
pointing out the objection to this bill which
it seems had struck his mind and led him to
offer this amendment. If the amendment is
adopted, as I suppose it probably will be, being
assented to as it is by the Senator who repre-
sents this bill, it will tend to relieve my mind
from an objection that I have to it. But, sir, here
is a point which I wish to bring to the attention
of the Senator from Indiana and the Senator
from New York in charge of this bill. If I
understand the amendment correctly, it puts
it in the hands of these registersin bankruptcy
to grant the certificates of naturalization. Am
I right in that?
Mr. MORTON. The original bill does.
Mr. DRAKE. And these registers are to
go into every county of their district once a
year, I believe. Is it once or twice?
Mr. CONKLING, Whichever way you
please.
Mr. DRAKE. I am asking as to what the
amendment provides.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator can offer it
in either way, and it will be satisfactory, no
doubt.
Mr. DUAKTC. Then here is the objection
which occurs to my mind ; it does not strike at
the root oi the evil. A commissioner in bank-
ruptcy can grind out these certificates as fast
as a clerk of a court can, and he can make
fraudulent certificates as easily as the clerk of
a court-can.
The amendment which I have intended to
propose to this bill avoids this evil, and I ask
Senators to see if it is not a more simple and
more safe way than that which is now pro-
posed. My amendment is, that each district
court shall appoint one commissioner of natu-
ralization in each county in the district which
