1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Virginia—Mr. Sweeney.
Ho. of Reps.
Union was made by States, was a Union of
States, and the power to admit new States
could mean nothing else than such States as
those then constitutingandestablishingthe Gov-
ernment. The character of these States an-
terior to their confederation being well known,
the character they were to retain still as States
being defined by the Constitution, they could
not have expressed in apter phrase the power
they intended to give.
The error of the gentleman, as it occurs to
me, is most singular. The Constitution is
usually examined for grants of power; but he
inverts this- order, and infers these^ restrictive
powers from the absence of all provision in the
Constitution conferring them. It is in strict
keeping, however, with the self-contradicting
and anomalous position that under the Consti-
tution, which is common to all and applies
equallyand alike to all the States of the Union,
there can exist differences of any kind between
them.
To illustrate the absurdity of the whole sub-
ject let us suppose the applieatiou by Congress
to an incoming State of a fundamental condi-
tion that she should have but a single Senator,
instead of two, as provided in the Constitution;
or that she should not be entitled to participate
in the election of the President of the United
States, will anybody say such a condition
would be valid ? Why may not Congress im-
pose it? The answer is ready at once: because
every State of the Union is entitled bjf the Con-
stitution to two Senators and to a voice in the
Electoral College.
Well, sir, the reason is precisely the same
against any and all conditions that seek to fet-
ter the States in the execution of their reserved
powers. The Constitution as plainly and as
clearly gives to all the States the power to regu-
late and control their domestic institutions in
their own way, subject only to the limitations
itself imposes, as it gives representation to the
States in Congress or entitles them to partici-
pation in any other respect in the privileges of
the Federal Government. The great funda-
mental ideas of government in America are
that the people are not only the source of all
power, but that they are competent to its exer-
cise. It was to establish this great right of local
self-government that lost us to the British
Crown. It is the common birthright of every
American citizen and the just pride and boast
of our free institutions. And yet, sir, this great
right we are to believe may be stricken down,
leveled in the dust by act of Congress; that
Congress, in the absence of all grant, has the
power to subvert the very pillars on which the
structure of American society is fabricated.
I contend, sir, that any people whom we may
determine to be worthy of this great boon of
self-government, and whom we may propose to
admit into the Union of these States, are enti-
tled to come in on the footing of the most
perfect equality. We claim the right of self-
government ourselves, and what I claim for
myself or for my State in this Union I would
accord to any people and to any State I should
be willing to have associated with myself or
State in the Government. And the man who
cannot rise to this level, who would ignore the
precept of religion embodied iti the golden
rule of " doing unto others as we would have
them do unto us," and who can forget the fact
that the very foundation-stones of our political
edifice are fraternity and equality, it seems to
uie, is yet in the gall of bitterness and the sink
of iniquity, and has yet to learn the dignity and
value of American character or the genius
that presides over American institutions.
There is certainly no express provision in
the Constitution, Mr. Speaker,which authorizes
the imposition of these conditions, and it must
be equally apparent that the general provision
which confers all power necessary to carry into
effect the granted powers affords them no aid,
for it cannot be pretended that in order to the
admission- of new States it is necessary that
Congress should have the right to impose terms
upon them. Such power could but serve to
clog, to hinder, possibly to defeat, admission.
It does not exist under the general welfare or
the common defense clauses. It has no sup-
port anywhere, either in the Constitution or in
our theory of government, and its assumption
is a bald, bold usurpation on the part of Con-
gress of the rights of the States, the usurpa-
tion in the case of Virginia not being relieved
by a single good that can accrue to the Govern-
ment or to the people.
Like all the reconstruction measures of Con-
gress, in the case of each and all of the seced-
ing States the purpose has been and is for
mere partisan ends to fasten upon the people
of the South a set of political adventurers,
aliens and strangers to their Commonwealths,
having no sympathy with their people, no place
in their affections, and in whom they have no
confidence.
The object has been to disfranchise and de-
grade her own people, and to hand over their
State governments and their representation in
the national councils into the hands of these
men, thus in want of sympathy with their feel-
ings or their interests, and who would gladly
see at any moment the temple of their liber-
ties tumbled about their heads and bury in
one common ruin all the worth and intelli-
gence of the native sons of those States.
Who, sir, are the men on this floor who are
most bitter toward Virginia? The Representa-
tives from the reconstructed States. Who are
they who would impose the hardest, most de-
grading conditions? The Eepresentativesfrom
these reconstructed States. Theirmaledictions
and curses upon her people ring loudest in our
ears; their malice ana hate go out in one gush-
ing, mighty stream that would deluge her whole
land; Representatives from States that stood
side by side with Virginia in the war, pioneered
the way, indeed, sustained her then, now sus-
tain her, and profoundly sympathize ; Repre-
sentatives who are here without constituents,
who represent nobody on this floor but the
Republican party at large of the country, and
whose most sacred duty as they esteem it is
fealty to its behests.
What a sad commentary this, sir, on the
republican character of our institutions! What
a prostitution of the powers of government to
the ambitions and unholy purposes of men!
In the name of republicanism what crimes have
not been committed against the people of those
States! Their men of property and of social
position have been forbidden to hold office, and
deprived of the ballot; habeas corpus has been
denied, trial by jury withheld; they have been
arrested without warrant, imprisoned without
legal cause, tried without indictment, handed
over in times of profound peace to the govern-
ment of the military; and all in the name and
for the purpose, we are told, of creating repub-
lican governments in those States. What a
contradiction! It smacks alone of tyranny and
of despotism and has nothing of the spirit of
the republicanism of the Constitution about it.
The conditions of this bill are void, sir, and
serve no other purpose than to degrade the
statehood of that noble old Commonwealth;
and so soon as she shall have been admitted
she will have the right to change her constitu-
tion in the particulars you would prevent, and
there is no just power here to hinder it. But
these void conditions are to be held in terrorem
over her ; she is to be constantly and perpet-
ually threatened with the power of Congress;
they are the dangling sword held up before her
to remind her of the uncertainty of the tenure
by which she holds her powers ; a mirror which
discloses as she gazes upon it the strong arm
that would again throttle and bind her on the
slimmest provocation. You are not willing to
let go your hold upon her; you would impress,
burn into her very soul your omnipotence and
her fear of you; and this, and this only, if
you accomplish your purpose, will be the effect
of these conditions.
How enforce such conditions if they are vio-
lated ? Are her Representatives on this floor
and at the other end of the Capitol to be ejected
from their seats? Is the State to be again re-
manded to a territorial condition ? Is this the
restoration you propose, or are the red flames
of war and bloody coercion again to light up
her peaceful homes?
The jury system of the State is to be changed,
or some different disposition is to be made of
the school fund. For this shall a great Govern-
ment go to war with her own people ? How in-
significant the offense, how terrible and out of
all proportipn the remedy 1 It is trifling with
grave subjects to talk of war under such cir-
cumstances ; it is belittling the Government.
Fratricidal war—what is it, that gentlemen
can thus talk so lightly about it ? Let the
record of the last nine years answer. Its pain-
ful page can never be blotted from the mem-
ory ; and yet gentlemen talk glibly and goster-
ingly about marching the "grand army" of
the Republic down into Virginia as the secur-
ity for these conditions.
The oath proposed in this bill is the only-
feature of the conditions that can have even
the semblance of the Constitution for its sup-
port. It is modeled, I agree, after the four-
teenth amendment. But, sir, where is the
necessity of this oath in Virginia rather than
in the other States? Why this odious, partial
legislation upon a general subject; and where
the necessity of requiring any oath except the
old oath for the general support of the Consti-
tution ?
Under the fourteenth amendment the class
of men who could not truly take this oath can-
not hold ofliee in Virginia; but if they should
attempt to do so, how plain and simple the
remedy—to oust them! Can we not rely with
confidence upon the office-seekers of the State
to take such measures as will protect the in
against the competition of these men? There
is no more propriety in requiring this particular
oath than many others that might be modeled
on other more important provisions of the Con-
stitution. And it is quite time, sir, that we
were getting rid of oaths instead of multiplying
them. They have well-nigh lost their solemnity
and their sanctity. I know of few things that
'have done more serious hurt, more permanent,
lasting injury, than these oaths that met us at
every step in the war.
The State is entitled to be restored without
conditions if she is entitled at all. The pres-
ident of the United States, in his annual mes-
sage, assures us that she has fully complied
with the reconstruction acts. Here is what he
says:
" In Virginia the election took place on the 6th of
July, 1869. The Governor and Lieutenant Governor
elected have been installed, 'l'ho Legislature met
and did all required by this resolution [the joint res-
olution of Congress of April last] and by all the re-
construction acts of Congress, and abstained from
all doubtful authority.
" X recommend that her Senators and Representa-
tives be promptly admitted to their seats, and that
the State be tully restored to its plaeo in toe family
of States."
The pending bill now under consideration
in its preamble asserts the same fact; ithas
gone unchallenged, I believe, in the discussions
upon the bill. Are you not, sir, pledged to
admit her, and estopped from insisting upon
any further conditions? The members of the
Fortieth Congress who are members of this Con-
gress are doubly pledged, and no fair-minded
man can deny^hat it is so. Here is what you
said in the fifth section of the act of March 2,
1807 :
"Sua. 5. That when the people of any one of said
I rebel States shall have formed a constitution of gov-
