1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4837
that court presides over, and that parties de-
siring to take the final step toward naturaliza-
tion shall go before that commissioner, make
in writing the necessary proof, and take the
required oath; and that that commissioner shall
send these papers to the district court, and
the district court, examining them and finding
that all the legal steps have been taken, and
that the party is entitled to naturalization, shall
enter a judgment of naturalization in his favor,
dating back to the day that he took the oath
before the commissioner. In this way every
man can go any day he pleases before the com-
missioner of naturalization, make the proof, and
take his oath, in the knowledge that when the
papers shall have been examined by the district
court he will get his judgment of naturalization
and become a citizen. That is the substance
of the amendment winch I intended to propose
to this bill, and which I now propose before
taking my seat. It has been printed here ever
since the 17th of February last; and I send it
to the Secretary, moving the first five sections
of it as an amendment, striking out the first five
sections of the substitute proposed by the Com-
mittee on theJudiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in lieu of the first five sections of the sub-
stitute reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to insert the followiug:
That no court of any State shall have power to do
any act heretofore authorized to be done by any such
court in connection with the final steps in the ad-
mission of alien5 to citizenship; but after this act
goes into full effect aliens shall be admitted to citi-
zenship only by district courts of the Cmted States,
or by the supreme and district courts of the Territo-
ries of the United States, or by the supreme court
of the District of Columbia.
SEC. 2. Add be it Jurther enacted, That each of the
courts named in the preceding scction shall appoint
in each comity of the State, Territory, or District
over which its jurisdiction extends, one or more com-
missioners of naturalization, resident in the county
for which he or they shall be appointed, but the
number in any county shall not exceed six. Every
such commissioner shall be a citizen of the United
States, and shall take such oaths of olhce as the Con-
stitution and laws thereof require of otlicr civil offi-
cers of the United States ; and no person holding the
office of clerk of any United States cou it, or marshal
or anydistriet, shall hold said officeof commissioner;
and every person so appointed may be removed from
office by the court winch appointed him, or by the
j udfje or judges thereof in vacation, and every such
commissioner shall have power to administer all
oaths to applicants for naturalization, and to wit-
nesses, authorized by Jaw in connection with the
admission of aliens to citizenship; and the courts
aforesaid may make rules and regulations for the
government of commissioners appointed by them as
aforesaid.
Sk(. . 3. And be it fvi iJttr tnoctcd, That any person
desiring to take the final steiit? prescribed by law for
admission to citizenship, shall appear before acotn-
missioncr of naturalization m the county of such
party's residence, and make before him the proofs
50 prescribed to entitle him thereto; which proofs
*haU be reduced to writing by, or in the presence of
the commissioner, and sworn to and subscribed by
tii <s witnesses before him ; and if it appear to him that
the evidence is sufficient to entitle the party lo such
admission, he shall cause such party to take and
subscribe the oath prescribed by law in such cases;
and upon the payment by such party to hiui of the
three dollars, he shall transmit to thcelerkof the sum.
of court by which he %vas appointed, the oath oi the
applicant and the affidavits of the witnesses, to-
gether with two dollars of the sum so paid to him;
and the said clerk shall, on the first day of any ses-
sion thereafter of said court, lay before the same
such oath and affidavits; and the baid court shall-
thereupon cause the same to be examined by a com-
petent and suitable peixm oppoiuted by the court,
foi that purpose, who shall not be th<> clerk of such
court, or his deputy orcmployc ; andifhcshall report
to rhecourt tnat the party a.ppems therefrom tohave
taken ail the steps and made all the proofsreauii ed
by law to entitle him to such admission, and it the
e<>uit shall appro ve such repoft, the court shall there-
upon i endera judgment of naturalization in favor r,f
--•iK'li parly to relate back to, and take effect upon the
day whenhe tooksaidoatb ; and t he said clerk shall
cause a duivcertiM copy of such judgment, under
? hose;:! of the court, to bedclivered to the party ad-
mitted to citizenship, which copy shall be the only
evidence ot his having been so admitted; and no
additional copy therei i shall be given to such par-y,
,Miv other petsort, except upon proof made to the
if {ion oi the court that the riistoopy was lost or
tie-! i\>vod. Of the two doliai> transmit ted to the clerk
'/ -n « i<>i o-aid, Ihe clerk ^hall he entitled to one dollar,
in lull <-<'n<i'ensuhu:i f'«o- all hi > ,-er v ic nndri- i lus
Hft, and (he person appointed toexomnie tbepap«rs
returned by the commissioner shall be entitled to
one dollar in full for his services under this act.
Sec._4. And be it further cnaotcd, That if any such
commissioner shall transmit to any such clerk any
false or forged oaths of the description authorized by
this act, or by any other act touching naturalization,
he shall, on convention thereof, be punished by fine
not exceeding £5,000, or by imprisonment not less
than two years nor more than five years, or by both
such fine and imprisonment.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
where any oath, affirmation, or affidavit shall be
made or taken under or by viitue of this act, and any
person or persons taking or making such oath,
affirmation, or affidavit, shall knowingly swear or
affirm falsely, the same shall be deemed and taken
to bo perjury; and the person oi persons guilty
thereof shall, upon conviction thereof, be sentenced
to impi isonment for a term not exceeding live years
and not less than one year, and to a fine not exceed-
ing §1.000, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
Mr. SAULSBUUY. Jt is not my intention
to enter into any lengthy discussion of the
merits of this bill; I can see nothing in it that
commends itself to my mind ; but I rise now to
give utterance to this simple expression, that
it seems very strange to me, if the honorable
Senator from Missouri is really in earnest in
bis remarks, if his object is not to perpetrate
a joke, that he should indulge in some of the
remarks he has made.
What is it that we hear from the honorable
Senator, and what was it that we heard from
the honorable Senator from New York this
morning, that he had the right to set himself
up as against a particular Senator and against
the party to which he belonged? Why, sir,
are we to hear such declarations in the Senate
of the United States from gentlemen whose
party is covered all over with fraud ; that had
its birth and its inception in fraud ; and in the
very convention which nominated their candi-
date for the Presidency laid down one plat-
form, and when they came into the Halls of
Congress repudiated it and proclaimed another?
lias it come to this, that a party which has
manufactured out of the most ignorant ele-
ment that ever existed in any country some
seven or eight hundred thousand voters, for the
express purpose of their voting the Republican
ticket, now charges a design upon the Demo-
cratic party to perpetrate a fraud through the
naturalization laws? Is there a Senator upon
this floor, is there an intelligent man in the
United States, who believes that if it had been
known by the dominant party that these ne-
groes would have voted the Democratic ticket
instead of the Republican ticket they would
have been made voters through the action of
Congress? Sir, if my estimation be true, that
this great number of the most ignorant and
degraded population that ever existed in any
country have been made voters solely for the
purpose that they might vote the Republican
ticket, and not an opposing ticket, does it come
with a good grace irom amember of that party
to charge upon the members of the Democratic
parly a desire to commit frauds in reference
to elections?
But- sir, the object is avowed in reference to
this bill that it is to subserve the interests of
the Republican party. We know that to be
the object. It is to have particular reference
to th*1 city <>f New York, for we are told that
the Democratic party is so corrupt that if
there were one hundred thousand voters in the
Stale of New York outside of the city of New
York, all voting one way, and only one hun-
dred and one thousand in the city of New
York, the whole of tJ>c^e one hundred and
one thousand votes would be counted for the
Democratic party, and the Republican paity
would he defeated by one thousand!
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Missouri has drawn greatly upon Ins imagina-
tion. He seems to me to labor under a great
misapprehension, I will not say hallucination.
Once, when I was engaged in trying a capital
case, on asking a witness some questions. I
discovered that he was laboring under the hal-
lucination that the moment he died he was
going straight up to Heaven. 3 do not thb'k
that is the kind of hallucination the honorable
Senator fiom Missouri is laboring under this
morning. He can hardly think that at this
moment, after making such charges against his
political opponents, he would go right up to
Heaven.
But, Mr. President, cannot our political
opponents manage the conduct of this case in
the Senate without claiming all the political
virtue that exists in the country as belonging
to their political party, and all the want ot vir-
tue. politically and otherwise, to exist in their
political opponents? Let me refer the honor-
able gentleman and his associates in this body
to a speech made in the House of Represent-
atives by a leading member of the Republican
party, in which he said that in the first year of
Mr. Lincoln's administration there had been
more money stolen from the Treasury of the
United States than there had been in the whole
four years of James Buchanan. Sir, if a party
will steal from the public Treasury, if they will
enrich themselves to such anextentashasbeen
charged upon them by members of their own
party, I submit that if they had an opportunity
to cheat at the polls they would manifest that
disposition just as soon as, and exercise their
powers in that respect just as often as. and to
as great an extent as they would in reference
to any other matter.
Mr. President, this bill ought to be entitled
u A bill to prevent naturalization and to pre-
vent the set-off by Democratic votes to Repub-
lican votes." The Republican party has, for
the purpose of succeeding in the next presi-
dential election, I presume—I will not charge
them with the hallucination of supposing that
they can succeed in any other way at the next
presidential election—manufactured some
seven or eight hundred thousand voters. They
find that there is a portion of the people oi the
United States, a large majority of whom gen-
erally vote the Democratic ticket. They are
not willing to trust to the working of their
political manufactory of voters for success in
the next presidential election, and in order tq>
succeed they must exclude from the right of
voting hundreds and thousands of people who
otherwise would, under existing law, and a
law which has existed from the foundation of
the Government, have a right to the exercise
of the politcal frauchise.
Well, now, our friends might just as well
take it fair; the political blow is coming : there
is no salvation for them, not even in the next
presidential election. This manufacturing of
voters will not aid them in that contest; and
certainly the exclusion of men who should be
entitled, and who under existing law would
be entitled, cannot aid their failing fortunes.
Why, sir. the very fact of their giving the right
to vote to this large number of the negro pop-
ulation, when properly presented to the peo-
ple in the largest section of this country, will
be found a destructive weapon to this political
party. White men are pretty much the same
all over this countiy ; and judging of the white
population of the larger portions of the country
by ihe white population among whom I live,
if this Republican party obtains a corporals
guard, 0 respectable minority in any other elec-
tion that shall be held, they may consider
themselves very fortunate indeed.
In conclusion, Mr. President, as I promised
not to make a speech or to detain the Senate,
let me suggest to my political opponents, to the
honorable gentlemen of the majority of this
body, that every election which has been held
since the adoption of your fifteenth amendment
has gone adversely to you. The attempt to
add to the number of voters has done you no
good, but infinite harm. Nov/, do not weaken
your'forces by attempting to deprive honest
voters oi the right to vote by such a bill as this,
because if you do we shall not have a respect-
able foe in the field in point of numbers. We
want to meet you in the ne.\:t presidential elec-
tion in sufficient numbeis to make it a health-
ful and pleasurable cxerciy for us to go to she
;{ po],tS. You 3"
|| pmilege now
ve abuo.-t depuved
,v attempting to ke
of that
ip up your
