1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the country to teach the people howmuch bet-
ter were the speculations of the theorizers than
the lessons of experience. He had with him the
secretary of the league to do the funny parts and
some other small helps. These gentlemen vis-
ited various parts of the country and spoke their
pieces to such audiences as they could get. I
think they were not large in fact, but they fig-
ured in the free-trade organs as prodigious
gatherings of the people, at which the elo-
quence of the orators was astounding. There
was a great movement of the people we were
told, and the doctrines of free trade were mak-
ing astonishing headway. At last we were in-
formed by the leading organ in New York that
the league had made preparations to publish
an immense edition of the report of Hon;
David A. Wells, Special Commissioner of the
Revenue, for free distribution, whenever the
same should be sent to Congress. Then we
perceived that Professor Perry and his coadju-
tors were only skirmishers with small-arms
sent out to clear the way. That the Special
Commissioner was the great gun that was com-
ing, the very "swamp angel" that was to bat-
ter down at once all our refuges of protection.
This would have been quite"alarming only that
we have heard that gun before. It was turned
against us in 1869, but while its reverberations
were sonorous it was altogether free from dan-
ger. In 1867 Mr. Wellsrecommended to Con-
gress about the most rigorous protective tariff
that has been proposed during this genera-
tion, and if any one is troubled with the re-
port of 1870 he can be straightway relieved by
looking into that of 1867. It will be entirely
safe to leave Wells the tree trader to the tender
mercies of Wells the protectionist; and if Con-
gress should think that it has a bad bargain in
its Special Commissioner of the Revenue let it
at least give him credit for charitable intentions,
since he has done his best for both sides.
The second act of the First Congress of the
United States was a protective tariff. It is pre-
ceded by a preamble which declares distinctly
its character, as follows:
" Yfhereas it is necessary for the support of Gov-
ernment, for the discharge of the debts of the United
States,and the encouragement and protection of man-
ufactures that duties be laid on goods, wares, and
merchandises imported," &c.
This act was approved July 4,1789, a proper
day upon which .to inaugurate a policy which
was to make the Republic independent in trade
and manufactures as it was already in arms.
This preamble was the key-note to a wise and
vigorous national policy, and might as fitly be
placed at the head of a tariff bill to-day as in
1789. Every reason that moved the great men
of that day who founded the Government to
lay duties upon "goods, wares, and merchan-
dises imported " '• for the support of the Gov-
ernment, for the discharge of the debts of the
United States, and the encouragement and pro-
tection of manufactures," exists in equal if not
added force to-day; and this policy has con-
tinued in a greater or less degree from that
time to the present to be the settled rule of
this country. It has never been departed from
except in a few instances, and then only to be
resumed after aperiod of disastrous experience,
just long enough to prove that free trade is_a
delusion that has no existence except in vain
and speculative theory. It is found in books,
in finance reports, and in all sorts of gabble
everywhere; but in actual practice nowhere
on earth that I know of.
The first and principal object of every tariff
is revenue. Until quite recently the customs
duties were almost the only soureeof revenue
!o the General Government. It is still our
main dependence "for the support of Govern-
ment and for the discharge of the debts of
tbe United States." Under the present tariff
3180,000,000 a year have been collected in
gold. It is our only resource for the payment
of interest upon the public debt. It is the
foundation rock upon which the public credit
stands. Remove it and bonds and greenbacks
will fall into one common ruin together, and
the monthly reports from the Treasury Depart-
ment will bring panic and dismay instead of
security and confidence. In a recent utterance
of the Secretary is found the following, which
seems to me perfectly true:
" Our condition at the present time is peculiar.
The revenue is large, and, after the payment of or-
dinary expenses, pensions, and interest, we have a
surplus of $109,000,000 annually for the reduction of
the principal of the debt. The Treasury is free from
embarrassment, and we have no occasion to borrow
a dollar for any purpose whatsoever. Provision can
be easily made forthe payment of the ten-forty bonds,
amounting to $194,000,000, in 1874, when they will be
first redeemable; or they may be postponed for thirty
years more, as the public interest may require. The
amount of $283,000,000, due in 1881, can do paid at
maturity. For the present we are at ease in financial
affairs. The proposition for a new loan has one pur-
pose, and one only—the reduction of the interest ac-
count; and if this cannot be accomplished wo have
no occasion tointrudeuponthemarketsofthe world.
Our power to place a new loan at a .reduced rate of
interest is in my judgment wholly dependent upon
the magnitude of our surplus'revenue."
Let me appeal to the House then, in view of
these facts, not to reduce substantially the reve-
nues derived from the tariff and collected in
gold. We are now at ease in financial affairs.
Let us remain so, and never hazard financial
disaster upon any vain calculation of how much
of this we can afford to remit. There can be
no danger in a surplus which strengthens you
every day and which year by year reduces the
public burdens by paying off the principal of
the debt. If it be said that this is a tax upon
the people and nothing but a tax my reply is,
without admitting it to the extent claimed, that
it raises $180,000,000per year with less injury
to the business of the country and with less
oppression of the people than any other method
that has been devised. This mode of collecting
revenues has been sanctioned time out of mind
by the practice of all civilized nations. What
if it be a tax? Do gentlemen know of any
better method of raising this great sum of
money from the people? The money we are
obliged to have, and the sum. is not too large
for our needs.
It is true certainly that the Administration
might be carried on upon a somewhat smaller
surplus, and if we could rely safely upon a con-
tinuation of the present prosperity in the coun-
try some considerable deductions might be
made from the current revenues. But if it
should be thought best«to make any consider-
able reduction in this direction, and_ perhaps
it may be, I think it much better that it should
be done in the internal revenue taxation. A
tariff we have always had and shall continue
to maintain, no doubt, while the internal rev-
enue is a temporary resource adopted in a great
emergency, and to be discontinued as soon as
that emergency is past. The people are accus-
tomed to the collection of duties upon imports
and not averse to that method, but this inter-
nal revenue system sends the tax-gatherer into
their houses, and a cloud of spies and informers
follow him, to their great terror and disgust.
If, gentlemen want to find where to relieve
the people I point them to the pestilent little
exactions, that, like the noisy little insects of
a summer night, while they drain the scanty
life-blood annoy even more than they exhaust.
Let them look to the taxes upon gross receipts
which increase the cost of all transportation
to the people, and to the taxes upon sales.
Let them consider all the petty exactions of
schedule "A," and afford relief by a grand
assault upon it. I will join them heartily in
sweeping away the harassing exactions and
petty annoyances of the internal tax laws. The
time has come for it and the occason is ripe.
Here everybody agrees to cut away as much
as we can "spare. Here every person will be
benefited and no one harmed unless it be the
office-holders, and they have got no friends.
The present tariff has been of late very vo-
ciferously attacked, as not being sufficiently a
revenue measure, by those who are seeking its
overthrow. 1 have for some months past been
looking into these attacks with considerable
care, to ascertain if possible what is the pre-
cise ground of complaint in this respect, and
it is quite impossible to make it out. ' There
is no lack of hard names and unmeaning
denunciation, but as to the particular defects
which need a remedy nobody seems to point
them out. Governor Hoffman, in his date
annual message, says:
"Oar present tariff of duties on imports compels
the many to pay high prices for the benefi t, of a few.
Although enacted during the great need of the Gov-
ernment,, it was, nevertheless, framed, not forthe
one great end of giving the Federal Treasury "the
largest income, but with the view of favoring certain
special private interests. .No Government has a
right to tax exceptto obtain its necessary revenue."
The late Democratic convention in Indiana
says:
Jtesolvscl, That wo are in favor of a tariff for, the
revenue only, and wo demand that the burdens of
taxation shall bo fairly and equally adjusted, iand
that such an adjustment cannot be made without
striking from the statute-book the present unjust
and odious tariff laws, a system of taxation based
upon favoritism, and which has destroyed the Amer-
ican shipping- and commerce, oppressed the-people
of the great agricultural regions, which compel the
many to pay a tribute to the few, and which, has
built up monopolies, and controls not only every
American market, but also the legislation of Con-
gress; and we demand that the prime articles of
necessity, such as tea, coffee, sugar, and salt, shall
be placed upon the free list."
Governor Hoffman and the Indiana conven-
tion agree that the tariff is based upon favorit-
ism, while it ought to be,for revenue only; but
oddly enough neither complains that it fails to
produce adequate revenue. They ne'ither'show
how it operates to produce favoritistaj tfor in
what respect it fails of the revenue quality';
and the Indiana resolve, with a consistency that
is marvelous, after declaring that it is'in favor
of a tariff for revenue only, winds up with" a
demand that tea and coffee, "two of thegreatest
sources of revenue which were placed in the
list of dutiable articles for revenue "6nly shall
be put ujjon the free list, thus in their only
specification of a particular defect in thS tariff
proposing to destroy its revenue character.
As to the charge that the tariff "was' framed
with the view of favoring certain special private
interests," and not for the purpose of revenue,
I will deal with that presently. What we have
now to deal with is its character as a revenue
measureonly. Ifitwasnotframedforrevenue,
then it has disappointed its framers most sur-
prisingly, for no tariff of the United States has
ever before realized such a bountiful, revenue
as the present one.
If the object of a tariff for revenue only i&
to produce revenue, then it would seem that
the present act has a valid claim to be such a
tariff. And it is a historical fact, whatever
heated partisans may say, that the several acts
of Congress now in force laying duties upon
imports were enacted with especial reference
to the production of a large and permanent
revenue from this source. That these laws were
wisely adapted to the object had in view the
result has abundantly proved. More than this,
we know that the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue was appointed almost solely for the
purpose of looking carefully into the resources
of the country, in order that Congress might be
enabled to increase the permanent revenues as
much as possible with the least injury to the
capital and business of the country. And it
is owing to these facts that " we are now at
ease in financial matters."
This tariff, considered as a revenue measure
only, has been subjected to the only test of any
value, the trial by actual experiment, aud has
proved itself successful in an eminent degree.
That it has strengthened and consolidated the
public credit, crushed the disloyal aridin&hxous
schemes of repudiators, and greatly promoted
the true interests and prosperity of the
is evident even to the casual observer. _ That
it will in the near future bring us back wrth
safety to specie payments and asound currency,
if Congress and the people sustainit nnniy, 1
have little doubt. I do not mean by this to say
that no changes can be made in the present
law with advantage, but that the great principle
upon which it is based is as scfana financially
asit is economically; thotasa revenue measure
