4838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
falling fortunes by adding to the number of
voters. 1 beg yon, therefore—and 1 have some
personal reasons for this; I like to meet an
opponent, of' sufficient numbers to make it pleas-
mable—fo let the contest be rather an exciting
one and a pleasurable one ; but 1 do not wish
our friends now so far to diminish their num-
bers by the passage of such an act, as this as
not to enable mo as a private individual to
enjoy mvself in the next, political campaign.
Mr. POMEUOY. 1 do not like to interrupt,
tiie Senator; but is the majority in the Senate
sufficient, to make it. pleasurable to the Senator?
Mr. SAITLSBURY. I do not experience
nny want, of pleasure in associating with such
gentlemen. I can regard them as very clever
gentlemen in everything but their politics.
Tlieyare benighted, because they love darkness
rather than light, by incorporating such a large
negro population into the element of voters
and by wanting to exclude light voters. But
I will not, detain the Senate.
Mr. "VTCKHRS. Mr. President, I have read
this bill with some degree of attention, and
also the amendment offered by the Senator
from New York. The bill as it came from the
House was designed to prevent frauds in nat-
uralization. There are a great many details
in it, all having the same object. And although
there are portions to which I obji ct. yet the
spirit and intention of it is good; and, I sup-
pose, that wit.lt alteration of some of its pro-
visions, I could support the bill. 1 presume
there is not a Senator present who is unwilling
to contribute his mite to the prevention and
suppression of fraud. If I could accomplish
it there, never should be a fraudulent vole cast
at any election.
The amendment offered is subject to many
objections. It is a bill, the effect of which,
in the language of the Senator from Delawan;
who has just taken his seat, is to prevent
naturalization. Its provisions are vexatious,
annoying, and unjust, and well calculated to
Retard and prevent honest and lair naturaliza
tion.
it lias been the policy of this Government
ever since its foundation to encourage iinmi
gration. I often hear Senators speak, and
sometimes perhaps boastingly, of oui having
witlnii our national limits forty millions of
people. They speak of it with pi idc and exult-
ation, and in their imaginations they try to look
a little through the vista of the future and con-
template, wiihm the life of some living inhabit-
ant,, a population of more than one hundred
millions.
Sir, with a population of about, three mil-
lions at, the commencement, of our revolution-
ary struggle, we have increased to the esti-
mated number of forty millions. This iias not
been a natural increase, but, has been largely
produced by immigration, under laws which
encouraged and invited it. The policy of the
Government has been to promote immigration.
Our land laws are made with reference to this
very view of the subject. Aliens when they
come to this country, if they maktf oath of
their intention to become citizens of the Uni-
ted States, have as much right to enter upon
your public lands as your own native-born cit-
izens. Others abroad ate encouraged to come
by those who have settled upon these lands ;
they send their episties home to induce their
fi iends to remove where they can obtain agood
farm at §1 25 an acre. They have the same
right, of preemption as citizens of the United
States, and if they remain five years upon the
land they get it at the same price. There is
no distinction between native and alien born
citizens in this respect. All this is done to
ineiease immigialioti.
We boast ot the name of American citizen ;
am! yet the amendment, of the Committee on
the,judiciary to the House bill, which is mainly
unexceptionable, which underwent set utmy and
discussion in that body—this Senate amend
Went, I say. comauis, with all due respect, what
IfcUiis'iSeracoiielit'euatibn b'f etidrlnitifeS'. Why;
sir, it is proposed to change the whole policy of
the Government; that policy which has largely
contributed to build us up as a great nation.
It, is proposed now to destroy that very policy,
to take a downward and a backward step.
That is the very effect of this amendment. I
will read a portion of the sections of the bill
of the House.
The first section of the House bill proposes
to punish perjury in the taking of oaths relat-
ing to naturalization. No one can object to
that provision. The second section of the
bill punishes all persons who in attempting to
procure naturalization shall personate others.
If any one shall personate another so as to
obtain naturalization fraudulently, this section
proposes to punish him severely; or if under
any fictitious name a naturalization shall be
procured, that also is punishable under this
section; or " if any person shall falsely make,
forge, or counterfeit any oath, affirmation,
notice, affidavit, certificate, order, record, sig-
nature, or other instrument, paper, or pro-
ceeding tequired or authorized by any law or
act relating to or providing for the naturaliza-
tion of aliens ; or shall alter, sell, dispose of,
or use as true or genuine, or for any unlawful
purpose, any false, forged, antedated, or conn
terfeit oath, affirmation, notice, certificate,
order, record, signature, instrument, paper,
or proceeding as aforesaid." lie shall be pun-
ished. This language, it seems to me, is as
broad and compiehensive as it well can be.
Or ifheslnill sol! or dispose oftoany person other
ttism illr person tor whom it, was ort'nnally issued,
any certificate of citizenship, or cert ifie.ito showing
any nelson to be aduiiUeda citizen ; or if any person
fell.ill in any manner use lor the purposeot registering
as a voter, o>' as evidence of a mrlit lo \ otc, ot other-
wise, ii nt.i win) iy, any outer, rertitie.il cot Citizenship,
or eei titieutc, judgment, or exemplifications showing
such person to bo aduu'ted to tie, a, citizen, whether
heretofore or herenttcr issued ormado, knowing that
such outer or certificate. judonneiit, or exempttlic,i-
iion has been unlawfully issued or made; or it'any
person shall unlawlully use, or attempt to u^e, any
saeh outer or cert itieat e, issued to or in the name of
any other person, or in a, fictitious n line, or the llamo
ot a, deceased person ; oi me. or attempt to iw\ or
aid. or assist or participate in the use ot any certifi-
cate of citizenship, knowing iho same to be torged,
or counterfeit, or antedated, or knowing the same
to have been piocurod by fraud, orothcrwise unlaw-
lulty obtained; or if any person, and without, lawful
excise. shall knowingly iiave or be possessed of any
false, lorged, antedated, or counterfeit certificate
ot citizenship, purporting tohave been issued under
tho provisions of any inwof tho United States relat-
ing to naturaliza,! ion, knowing such certificate to be
talse, forged, antedated, or counterieit, with intent
unlawfully to use the same.
If anything could lie moie specific or com-
prehensive, lam unable to conceive of it. It
seems to provide for every imaginable case.
It proceeds;
Or if any person shall obtain, acecpt, or reccivo
any certificate of citizenship known to such person
lo have been procured by fraud or by the use of any
false name, or by means of any lalse statement mndo
with intent, to proouro, or to aid in procuring, the
issue of such eeititicate, or known to such pel son to
bo fraudulently altered or antedated ; or if any per-
son who has been 01 m.,y be admitted lo be a citizen
shall. Oil oath or affirmation, or by atlidavit, know-
ingly deny that he has been to admitted, with intent
to evade or avoid any duty or liability imposed or
required by lasv, every porson so offending shall bo
deemed and adjudged guilty ot felony, and, on con-
viction theicot, shall be sentenced to bo tmpiisoned
and Kept at li.nd labor for a pciiod not les-, than ono
year nor more than five j c,as, or bo fined in a sum
not, lcjj, than nor more than $l,OOj, or both such
punishments may be imposed, ni the discretion of
the court.
And then it proceeds to provide that if any
person shall aid or ubet another in the com-
mission of any of the offenses which I have
enumerated in this section, or aid " or advise,
or procure, or attempt to pioeure the commis-
sion thereof," he shall be liable to indictment
and punishment in the same manner.
The thud section provides :
That any person who shall knowingly uso any
certificate of naturalization heretofore granted by
any court, or which shall hereafter be granted, which
has been, or shall bo, procured through fraud or by
false evidence.or has boen.or shall bo, is.sucd by the
clerk or any other officer of the court, without any
appearance and healing of the npplicantm court and
without lawful authority; and any porson who shall
falsely represent himself to be aeitizen of the United
States ltdtfut having Bbert Uuty aUinittt® ft! citizen-
ship, for any fraudulent purpose whatever, shall he
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon convic-
tion thereof, in due course of law. shall be sentenced
to pay afineofnotexceedingSt.OOO.orbc imprisoned
not exceeding two years, either or both, in the dis-
cretion of the court taking cognizance of tho same.
Then the fourth section provides :
That t«be provisions of this act shall apply to^all
proceedings had or taken, or attempted to be had or
taken, before any court in which any piocccdingfor
naturalization shall bo commenced, had, or taken,
or attempted to be commenced; and tne courts of
the United States shall havo jurisdiction of all
offenses under theprovisions of this act, ill or befoie
whatsoever court or tribunal the same shall have
been committed.
Now, this fourth section does not take away
from the Slate courts the juiisdiction which
they now have in cases of naturalization.
The jurisdiction between the State courts and
the courts of the United Stales is a concur-
rent one. That is the bill as proposed by the
House of Representatives. It punishes fraud
in every possible and conceivable shape and
form which it is able to assume; and yet a bill
of that description, broader and more punitive,
perhaps, than any law that has ever been passed
by Congress, a bill so searching, penetrating,
and comprehensive, framed with so much.skill
and ability, going so much further than any
previous law, and which has received the sanc-
tion of the House of Representatives, it is now
proposed shall be ignored and a substitute
shall be enacted. What is the character of that
substitute proposed for the adoption of the Sen-
ate? Let mo examine some of its provisions.
The first section provides that, the declara-
tion of intention to become a citizen shall be
made in the courts of the United States, or
before commissioners who are to be consti-
tuted of the registers in bankruptcy; and the
declaration of intention to become a citizen,
and the oath lo be taken by ihe party who
makes his application, are to be made either
before one or the other ol these tribunals, or
the clerk of the United States court. Itexcludes
entirely the State courts. We all know that
the State c«urts are, more convenient, espe-
cially in the rural districts, than the courts of
tho United States. The former have performed
this duty gratuitously ever since the act of
] 802, which gave them jurisdiction. They have
performed it with fidelity. No complaint has
ever been made of their action. Now, it is
proposed to take from them thepowerto natu-
ralize foreigners. Why, sir. we rely upon these
courts, upon their capacity, their integrity,
their knowledge of the law, for the protection
ot our lives, our liberties, and our property.
Tliey have our confidence in every department
ot life and of business. Almost all our con-
troversies are before those courts ; and yet it
is now proposed that we shall withdraw from
them all power over the subject of natiiraliza-
«on as unworthy of the confidence which has
been bestowed upon them since the first natu-
ralization act was passed.
Is there any reason for it? Has any State
court in any district of this country ever com-
mitted a fiaud or connived at one in natural-
ization? I have not heard any allegation of
the kind. I suppose it mav be attributed
pel Imps, by the friends of this bill, to the courts
in the cities; but I have not even heard an
imputation ot fiaud against any city court.
Surely tio reflection can be made upon the
State courts ot this country for any corrupt,
fraudulent, or improper action in regard to the
naturalization ot foreigners. It is, I know, a
disagreeable duty to them. It interferes with
their regular routine of business ; but they have
always performed it with pleasure, because it
was a duty. Now, it is attempted to withdraw
this trust from the State courts, which are con-
venient to every one, and to repose it entirely
in the courts of the United States and in regis-
ters in bankruptcy.
Vt ho are the registers in bankruptcy in many
of the States? They are young men, mere
striplings, tyros in the law, who have very little
to do, and who accept the trust in order that
it may bring them in iiontatft With tile people
