1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
the American people, upon what hypothesis or
new reason or condition is it expected that the
free-trade principles will commend themselves
to the judgment of the country? Conditions
have changed, it is true, but in such manner as
to justify and demand, not free trade, but well-
adapted protection. The nation has reached
that condition when it must cease to colonize,
but commence to organize. It has a rapidly-
increasing population ; capitalisaccumulating;
great resources have become apparent; skilled
artisans are multiplying; machinery has be-
come so extensive and possessed with so much
genius as to do away to a considerable extent
with the necessity for manual labor. I am not
for a tariff for protection merely; but, like the
olden Democracy, believe in one for revenue
and incidental protection. There should be no
tariff upon the necessaries of life which we can-
not produce, but the tariff should be so arranged
as to give encouragement and sustenance to
such industries as are practicable for the nation
to pursue.
The process of reasoning which I have pur-
sued satisfies my judgment that building up
other industries is essential to the prosperity of
thatof agriculture. But I am not willing to rest
here. Agriculture requires direct protection
as well as manufacturing; and I will point out
in what particulars. Wool, hides, animals,
corn, wheat, rye, oats, barley, and potatoes
are staple productions in nearly every part of
this country. Hence, farmers ought to have
the monopoly of the demand for these articles.
But such is not the fact. During the eight
months ending August 31, 1869, 249,866 ani-
mals were imported into this country, and of
the value of $2,523,666; or, for the twelve
months of the year the number imported was
375,000, and of the value of $3,700,000. Dur-
ing the same period there were imported wheat,
corn, rye, barley, flour, potatoes, &c., of the
value of $3,102,321, or at the rate of $4,653,-
481 for the whole year.
During the same period there were imported
hides and skins, not furs, of the value of
$9,915,563, or at the rate of about fifteen mil-
lion dollars for the year; and leather of the
value of $3,491,383, or for the year about five
million dollars. And during the year, upon
the estimate of the amount imported for eight
months, there was brought into the country
wool of the value of $7,000,000, and woolen
goods of the value of near forty million dol-
lars. Estimating that one half of this sum
should be accredited to the value conferred by
labor in manufacturing, the real value of wool
imported in fleece and fabric reached the sum
of $27,000,000. I conclude that in the year
1869 products which are staple to this country
were imported to the amount of $60,000,000.
But it may be said that if foreign producers
can sell in our markets, our farmers are unable
to supply the demands of the country, and that
there is no need of protection. Our previous
policy of patronizing foreign instead of home
industries has been as destructive to agriculture
as to other interests. Farmers have never had
a reliable, a perennial demand. On the con-
trary, it has been uncerfain and fitful; not
controlled or regulated by domestic, but by
foreign markets. When the people of Illinois
bnrned corn because it was the cheapest fuel,
conclusive proof was furnished that the demand
for other uses was so fluctuating that the only
relief from a profitless occupation was by neglect
or abandonment. Having few industries hold-
ing out proper inducements, the young men
have sought employments of a middle or non-
producing character.
When farmers can have a certain demand
for their products at fair prices, we shall see
increased productions, not to be retarded by
the fluctuations incident to a variation in crops
from natural causes. This certainly can be
attained only by discouraging the importation
of such commodities as the former raises, and
by rearing up other industries in our midst
which will furnish steady consumption. I
Thus far my remarks have applied to the
agriculture of the country generally, in which
almost all sections are directly interested. The
claims of another agricultural interest I wish
to present, which is not apparently general,
but of a local character. In the eight months
ending August 31, 1869, there were imported
into the country sugar, molasses, and other
products of the sugar-cane of the value of
$62,662,455; and if a proportionate amount
was imported for the remaining four months of
the year the annual importations reached the
enormous sum of $93,993,682, or nearly one
fourth all our importations. Saccharine is an
article necessary for consumption by all the
people. This fact should, df course, have due
weight in considering the legislation to be
enacted concerning its importation. If we 5an
reasonably produce this commodity in our own
country, and if encouragement and sustenance
are neccssary they should be liberally bestowed,
for the country ought not to suffer this immense
depletion, if in whole or in great part it can be
avoided. The sugar-cane is susceptible of suc-
cessful cultivation in Florida, Aldbaraa, Texas,
and Louisiana, particularly in the latter State.
I estimate that in Louisiana there are 1,500,000
acres of land which can be annually cultivated,
and that the average product per acre is one
hogshead of sugar, or one thousand pounds,
and two barrels of molasses; euough to supply
sixty to seventy-five million people.
The cultivation of cane in that State is of
recent origin. In 1860 the product was four
hundred and fifty thousand hogsheads, consti-
tuting more than half the quantity consumed
by the country. It was increasing rapidly.
Perfection in cane raising had not by any means
been attained; under slave labor the culture
was lax and wasteful. The State, the sugar
districts in particular, had an insufficient popu-
lation, and one half it did possess was not en-
gaged in labor of a productive character. The
prevailing ambition among the planters was for
mammoth estates, palatial sugar-houses, and
luxurious living. The idea had taken deep
root that none but forced African labor was
adequate to withstand the heat and malaria of
the cane-field or the severe and continuous
exactions of the rolling season. Large tracts
of unopened lands were everywhere to be found
within the latitude of cane culture.
But the war dealt more harshly with this
than with any other interest in the South; not
that efforts were put forth especially for its
destruction, but calamities came upon it from
the very nature of things. It is absolutely
essential that a large quantity of cane should
not be ground, but reserved each year for
planting. Non-cultivation ultimates speedily
in the extinction of cane for seed, and when
it has once disappeared much' time and capital
are required for recuperation. Cultivation
almost entirely ceased during the rebellion,
and at its close planters were compelled to
commence de novo. Fences, of course, were
gone, buildings were out of repair, lands had
to be openfd anew, and for several years cane
was raised almost solely for planting. Labor
was disturtted, in fact practically obliterated for
a time ; because the idea was so prevalent that
labor must be coerced that it was regarded as
futile to attempt success with any other. Gen-
erally plantations were heavily mortgaged. The
owner had no interest to improve or cultivate,
and the mortgagees could not until, by the slow
process of law, title could be acquired. The
levees on the rivers and bayous had been neg-
lected and were damaged during the war. When
the high waters of1866 and 1867 came crevasses
occurred, and large districts of the cultivated
cane lands were submerged. Notwithstanding
all these adverse circumstances, it is estimated
that cane enough has been ground in the past
year to make one hundred thousand hogsheads
of sugar and double that number of barrels of
molasses, and that seed cane has been reserved
for planting a much larger surface next year.
These facts are mentioned to show that this
interest is struggling under disadvantages that
are exceptional, and that it is increasing in
importance. With more time, more capital,
and more population, leaving the law as it now
stands, sugar enough will beproduced to supply
a very large demand.
Encouragement given to sugar culture not
only tends to the retention of wealth in the
country, and to carry out the principle of
producing at home all we consume as far as
practicable, but it tends to the development
of other interests. Sugar-making creates a
great demand for fuel. Very soon the supply
must come largely from the coal regions of the
country. Wood is becoming scarce in many
localities. The sugar lands are generally sit-
uated on rivers and bayous accessible to flat-
boats and barges laden with coal from the
mines in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Illinois. The
States situated on the Mississippi river and
tributaries have a direct and cheap means of
sending their cereals to the sugar districts, and
when this interest shall have become developed
to the fullest extent the demand for the pro-
ductions of the northwestern farmers will be
worthy of consideration. People engaged in
this industry will be consumers of the products
of all others.
It will be seen that, including saccharine,
agricultural products of the value of upward
of one hundred and fifty million dollars were
imported within the last year. By avoiding this
in small part only the balance of trade maybe
in our favor, instead of being $42,000,000 or
more against us. But it may be urged that
saccharine is so necessary for universal con-
sumption that it is taxing the food that goes into
our mouths. Be it so ; how much more neces-
sary is food than clothing? Duties have for a
long time ranged high for its protection. How
much more necessary is food than iron, which
is used in every possible way to promote man's
comforts aud to afford him facilities? Yet this
interest has been protected, and is clamoring
for more. Other home productions necessary
to human happiness have been encouraged,
why not this? Food is no more necessary
than many other things when all are accessible.
Some interests which in past time could not,
stand up against foreign competition have
sought and received protection until they have
achieved manhood's power-and are able to
compete with those abroad with little or no
protection. The same policy is required toward
all interests now in their infancy. Support is
only asked until they can stand alone. And I
appeal to gentlemen whose constituencies have
had the benefits of a tariff until they are
satisfied to join in doing for others what has
been done for them.
Other facts are valuable on this subject to
show the condition of the country and the
importance of building up every industry. In
1869 the products of the country which were
exported, exclusive of specie and bullion,
amounted in value to the sum of $371,038,049.
The States lately in rebellion furnished of the
whole amount of products exported the value
of $191,012,639. The specie and bullion ex-
ported by the whole country was $42,915,966.
The States lately in rebellion contain probably
about three tenths of the whole population of
the country, not more than one third at most;
yet they furnished for exportation more than
one half the products, exclusive of specie and
bullion. In their present impoverished condi-
tion it cannot be said that they consumed more
than their proportion, or one third of the im-
portations. The whole amount of importa-
tions was $413,954,615; one third of which is
$137,984,871, being the amount which it is
supposed the people of those States consumed.
Deduct this amount from the value of their
products exported, and it leaves a balance of
trade in their favor of $54,027,768; while
the balance against the whole country was
$42,915,966, or against the other States and
the Territories, $96,948,734.
These States may be said to have begun anew
