2006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
it will be difficult to improve it, and that the
public interest is deeply concerned in m.ain
tabling it as a whole. It has done exceedingly
well, and we must be.careful lestiri undertaking
to make it do better we spoil it altogether.
And I may say that in the changes proposed
by the committee, and they are many in num-
ber, the prime object, which is revenue, has
never been lost sight of. It has been thought
that in many instances a more equal distribu-
tion of the imposts might be made, and that a
large number of comparatively insignificant
sources of revenue might be safely given up
altogether, while some considerable reduction
might be made upon some articles of prime
necessity and general use, such reductions
amounting in all to about twenty million dol-
lars. Otherwise the measure remains sub-
stantially as before, and there I trust Congress
will leave it.
I do not discuss here the particular provis-
ions of the bill now before the committee,
because that does not lie in the line of my
present purpose, which is to defend the gen-
eral policy upon which it is founded; an op-
portunity for that will occur when the measure
comes to be considered in detail. There are
provisions in this bill which have not had
my vote and do not now secure my assent;
changes which, in my judgment, are no im-
provement upon the present laws. As a whole,
however, I do approve it, and believe that its
enactment would prove beneficial to the coun-
try ; and I confess my astonishment at the fury
with which it has been assailed in some quar-
ters where we had a right to look lor calmness
and candor. It is hardly possible to believe
that all this zeal is'purely for the public good.
Those who have good intentions themselves
are apt to believe 111 their existence in others,
and considering that the country still stands
in need of a bountiful revenue to support the
public credit, as much or nearly so as at any
previous time, it is not easy to comprehend the
policy of those who mean honestly to pay the
public debt and yet clamor for the destruction
of the tariff. It is easy to understand the
Democrats, as they are funnily called, of In-
diana, when they demand the ''striking from
the statute-book of the present unjust and
odious tariff laws;" but it is quite past human
ingenuity to comprehend the Republicans ot
that State marching to the same music. I ven-
ture to hope that these latter may not find it a
funeral march.
And now, Mr. Chairman, having said thus
much of the tariff as a revenue measure, 1 come
to consider it very briefly as a protective sys-
tem. And in entering upon this I know it is
an old argument and there is not much to be
done except to restate it as clearly and com-
prehensively as possible. Where the genius
of Clay won its greatest triumphs and the mas-
sive logic of Webster aud Calhoun came into
collision there is not much left for us. But
time and circumstances change all things. The
nation that was small has become great, and
many of the industries that were ieeble are
now strong. A great national debt and incon-
vertible paper money have cast their shadow
upon everything. But for this debt and the
paper money, with the greatly enhanced prices
consequent upon it, many ot our manufactur-
ing industries would not need the protection
given, nor would the Treasury need the money
raised thereby.
As revenue is the principal object of every
tariff, so also is protection the incident. In
laying a tariff of duties upon imports for reve-
nue it has become the settled practice for Con-
gress to discriminate in favor of the produc-
tions of our own people. As, for example, the
duties laid upon tea and coffee are for revenue
only for the reason that as we do not produce
those articles there is nothing to protect, and
ot' course no protection; while the duties levied
upon iron and steel and their manufactures,
which we do produce, are protective of those
productions. They produce a revenue, how-
ever, none the less for that reason, and the
protection is incidental to the revenue and
according to its amount.
If the revenue be large then the protection
is great, and if the revenue be small the pro-
tection is light. It follows that every duty laid
upon articles imported which are also produced
in this country is, from the very nature of the
case, a protective duty, whatever it may be
named. If a horizontal duty of thirty per cent,
should be levied upon all importations indis-
criminately it would be a protective tariff to
that extent upon all our productions. These
are familiar principles and do not need dis-
cussion. What, then, is the objection to the
present tariff, about which we have heard so
much? It must be either that this incidental
protection ought not to be permitted at all or
that it is carried to too great a lengthy The
latter objection would be merely a question of
the degree of protection, involving no principle,
and therefore not worthy of discussion at this
time. The former of these objections is evi-
dently that relied upon mainly by all the free-
trade advocates. It is said that this tariff is
basedupon "favoritism." Governor Hoffman
declares, as we have seen, that "it compels the
many to pay high prices for the benefit of a
few." Mr. Commissioner "Wells says, sympa-
thizing with the farmer:
"Ho raises his wheat and other productions under
a tariff which, without affording any sufficient com-
pensation, unnecessarily increases the cost of his
tools, Ins clothing, his fuel, his fencing, and his
shelter."
Which is, after all, only another way of
stating the same objection made by Mr. Hoff-
man.
Nor is there anything new in all this. It is
the same threadbare fallacy which has been
put forward in every tariff discussion since
1789. The tariff can be truly charged with
one favoritism and only one. It favors Amer-
ican labor and American production instead
of foreign labor and foreign production. It
was for this reason that Mr. Clay always
delighted to call it the American system—a
title it has most richly deserved and I doubt
not will continue to deserve. Will American
Congressmen find fault with a measure because
it favors American labor? Will they wish to
raise the revenue entirely from articles which
our country does not produce lest they might
favor incidentally a domestic manufacture ?
For that is what these gentlemen mean when
they talk about the favoritism of protection
and demand, •'a tariff for revenue only."
The importers, whose headquarters are in
No wYork and who originate free-trade leagues,
support free-trade newspapers, and lead off
in tariff agitations, are simply laboring in their
vocation. They are perfectly logical in their
conduct, though compelled to be very illogical
in speech. They wish, of course, that there
should be no American manufactures and no
American market for the surplus products of
our farms, in order that their ships may carry
across the sea those products to a market
and bring back for return cargoes the foreign
manufactures and merchandise required to sup-
ply the producers. This would, no doubt, for
the time being at least, greatly increase the
business and gams of'the importers and make
them rich at the expense of all other classes
of the people.
This advantage, however, would be but tem-
porary, since a prosperous people is necessary
to a great and gainful commerce. It would
soon be found that the over production of
agricultural products consequent upon the de-
struction of manufacturing industries would
so reduce the price of those products and the
means of the producers to purchase foreign
goods that the trade would ultimately be re-
duced in amount to such an extent as to be
less gainful than under protection, it is one of
the charges brought by the importers against
the present tariff that it has destroyed the
shipping interest, and yet it is within the
memory of all of us that the enemy that did
this was the rebel corsair, and that the ruin
he wrought has not been already repaired is
owing to the currency disturbances occasioned
by the war. Still there is a powerful protec-
tion to American shipping in the monopoly
of the coasting trade created by law. A New
York firm deeply interested in this business
was lately asked this formal question : " Eow
much is the value of an American ship in the
foreign trade increased by its having the mo-
nopoly of the coasting trade?" The answer
given, after consultation with others, was that
it ought not to be put at less^ than ten dol-
lars per ton, which, I am told, is equal to six-
teen per cent, of the cost of tne vessel. It
may be safely predicted that the free-trade
league will not ask for the repeal of the laws
which give protection to shipping. On the
contrary, it is crying for more.
But, sir, they are all sympathizing with the
farmers, and particularly with the western
farmers. And since I live among those farm-
ers and know something about them, my inter-
est in their prosperity ought to be equal to that
of Mr. Commissioner Wells or the free trade
league. I can assure these gentlemen that those
farmers are, a great majority of them, Repub-
licans and protectionists, and quite able to
refute their sophistries without assistance.
I quote from Mr. Wells the entire paragraph
which he intends shall be stunning :
" Wheat produced under these circumstances costs
a great deal more than it d9es in countries free from
such embarrassments, but it does not sell for more.
On the contrary, it has to compete in the market with
wheat produced by the so-called 'pauper labor of
Europe, and returns to the farmer no more than tho
price of real pauper labor in America. Nor does it
cheer the grower of wheat to reflect that while he
suffers from a depreciated currency, and competes
with the stable conditions, metallic values, cheap
materials, and cheaper labor o: other countries, con-
tributing at the same time his share to the public
revenues, he also makes much heavier contributions
on his clothing, iron, lumber, coal, salt, and the like,
not for revenue, but for the profit of industries more
favored than his own, that they may be screened from
the competition to which he is forced to submit."
Now, if Mr. Wells intended to be candid
and to argue this question fairly, why did he
select the article of wheat only and base his
statements entirely upon that? Can I be mis-
taken in supposing that it was solely because
wheat has suffered an unusual depression in
the market this year, and he hoped to make
his appeal effective with the farmers on that
account? If wheat had been $2 50 per bushel
this year, as it was in 1868, would he have
chosen it alone from among all the farm pro-
ducts to serve his purpose? And would he in
that case, as now, have told the farmer that
in the matter of wheat particularly he had
to compete with the " so-called" pauper labor
of Europe, and that he also makes much
heavier contributions on his clothing, iron,
lumber, coal, salt, and the like, not for rev-
enue, but for the profit of industries more
favored than his own? And yet the tariff
last year, when wheat was more than twice its
present price, was precisely what it is now.
Why did not this Government officer, who
was bound at least to common honesty, if he
wished to show us that our farmers were no
better paid than the pauper laborers of Europe,
at least allude to those other great farm pro-
ducts, port, beef, corn,oats, rye, barley, butter,
cheese, and hay, all of which are bearing prices
very satisfactory to the farmers? Did he be-
lieve really that the farm laborers of the United
States are no better paid than similar laborers
in Europe? If that is so the list of prices will
show it; but the list is not produced, and if it
were produced it would shame liim for this
scandalous perversion. It is clear that the
price of wheat is temporarily depressed in the
market from causes easily traced and under
stood. The price of this article has been for
some years past correspondingly too high as it
is now too low. And this has occasioned the
farmers to give too much attention to it and
too little to other things, which, with a very
abundant crop all over the world, has caused
the supply to rise above the demand.
