48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 14,
Ho, of Reps.
Admission of Virginia—Mr. Sweeney.
41st Cong.,..2d Sess.
eminent in conformity with the Constitution of the
United States in all respects, framed by a contention
of delegates elected by the male citizens of said State
twenty-one years old and upward, of whatever race,
color, or previous condition, who have been resident
in said Stato for one year previous to the day of such
election, except such as may be disfranchised for
participation in the rebellion or for felony at com-
mon law; and when such constitution shall provide
that the eleetivo franchiseshall be enjoyed by allsuch
persons as have the qualifications herein stated for
electors of delegates; and when such constitution
shall be ratified by a majority of the persons voting
on the question of ratification who are qualified as
electors for delegates, and when such constitution
shall have been submitted to Congress for examina-
tion and approval and Congress shall havo approved
the same; and when said State by a vote of its Legis-
lature elected under said constitution shall have
adopted the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and known as article fourteen; and when said
article shall have become a part of the Constitution
of the United States, said State shall be declared
entitled to representation in Congress, and Senators
and Representatives shall be admitted therefrom on
their taking the oaths prescribed by law. and then
and thereafter the preceding sections of this aot shall
be inoperative in said State."
But, again, at the time of the passage of the
act of April 10,18G9, how did the matter stand?
At that time Virginia had done the essential
thing for the reorganization and establishment
of her civil government in that she had framed
her constitution; and it only needed that it
should be adopted and the machinery of gov-
ernment it provided set in motion in order
to the full accomplishment of her restoration.
This fundamental law, which reorganized civil
society and gave her new being as a Common-
wealth, was submitted to Congress. We ap-
provedit; itwaspronounced republican in form
and every way satisfactory to both Houses of
Congress. What remained to be done? Just
nothing at all beyond its ratification by her
people and putting it at work. This we under-
took to do by the act of April 10, under which
the constitution was to be submitted and a
State Legislature, State Executive, and mem-
bers of Congress elected. But having provided
for this we went further; we assumed to impose
conditions, all we then deemed necessary. We
said to Virginia that we would require her to
ratify the fifteenth amendment, and this was
all wo exacted, all impliedly that we intended
to require; for surely here was the time to im-
pose them if other conditions were to be in-
sisted on, and that we did not do it has all the
force of positivestatement that we would not.
Suppose that instead of the form observed
in the act it had been in words, " that in order
to_the restoration of Virginia the following
things,]' enumerating them, should be done?
Could it have been pretended, if these things
were done as required, that it would not have
resulted in the instant restoration of the State
without any further acton the part of Congress ?
Well, what I have supposed it in language the
act so clearly is in effect that no justice of the
peace in the land could hesitate to decide it so.
But the concluding section of the bill puts
the matter beyond all cavil. It is in these words:
That the proceedings in any ofsaid States [Texas,
Mississippi, and Virginia] shall not be deemed final
or operate as a complete restoration thereof until
Congrest""' re3peotlvely- sha11 bo approved by
Not that Congress reserves to itself the right
to impose further conditions, but of approval
only. It means, it can be made to mean noth-
ing less than that if Congress should approve
the proceedings of said States they thereby
became final and they did operate as a com-
plete restoration.
Will any gentleman on this floor tell me that
si Congress shall now enact that these proceed-
mgsof the State of Virginia are approved with-
out going one step further that her Represent-
atives would not immediately become entitled
to admission here? I pause for a reply. All
the wriggling and special pleading in the world
cannot dispute the obvious propositions I state
or cast a, suspicion upon their soundness.
In view of this record made in 1867, again
in April, 1869, how shamefully perfidious for
this Congress, after these solemn pledges thus
■twice repeated, to say to Virginia at the same
time, admitting, as everybody does admit, that
she has faithfully and fully complied with every
thing required of her, that because we distrust
her in the future we will exact new and de-
grading terms before admitting her ! How can
we justify this in view of the fact which stares
us in the face of the earnest endeavor of the
State, step by step, to comply with both the
letter and the spirit of the exactions put upon
her ? She entertains doubts whether the mem-
bers of her Legislature will be required to take
the test-oath. The advice of the Administration
is sought, obtained, and followed. She again
doubts as to the power of her Legislature prior
to the submission to Congress for approval of
the proceedings required of her in the recon-
struction acts, and again she seeks the guidance
of the Administration; and, pursuing the in-
structions received through the law officer of the
Government, she ratifies the fourteenth amend-
ment, elects United States Senators, and ad-
journs her Legislature, notwithstanding the
great and pressing necessity for local legislation
for the wants of her people, so long deprived
of laws made by themselves. She has shown
the utmost good faith. Is it to be met on the
part of the Congress with like good faith,
or with unblushing treachery to the solemn
covenants entered into ? Can this Congress
afford, with the eyes of the world upon it, to
say nothing of the people whom we represent,
who will read the record we have made, to fail
in the slightest particular in observance of the
the engagement we took upon us?
The question relates not alone to Virginia.
The honor, the integrity of the Government are
staked on the issue; and if we would do noth-
ing to lift up the downtrodden of Virginia, will
we not do much to preserve unsullied and pure
the honor of the Government? Shall its good
name be tarnished at our hands? That is the
that is to be honorably met by honorable gen-
tlemen. This act will live in history. When the
mad passions engendered by the war shall have
died out, when ail its bitter hates are hushed
the dispassionate judgment of history must pro-
nounce on the record we are about to make.
If we shall vote to keep Virginia out in view
of our pledges and of our duty under the Con-
stitution, or shall shackle her with these odious
conditions, can we calmly trust to its decision?
Have we no fears? Can we rely that it will
mete out to us the meed of "well done?'1
I believe some gentleman has said in this
debate that the object of these conditions was
to guard and protectVirginia from dishonor, that
they were intended to take from her the power
to do wrong. No just apprehension can exist,
sir, that Virginia will not keep her faith ; she
has never failed to do it. No stain rests on
her proud escutcheon ; there is not an act in
all her history, when rightfully considered, that
can beget a suspicion of recreancy to the faith
she pledges.
I know, sir, she is in bad odor with many
on this floor—those who can see but one side
of any question, and with whom the rebellion
can never bs extenuated, I will not say par-
doned—whose minds are continually haunted
by its fearful ghost, which, in trembling anx-
iety and excess of patriotism, they expect to
see again instinct with life and mischief; men
to whom the book of her long history, lustrous
with such deeds of patriotism, of devotion to
principle, of generosity, of nobility,as have
graced the annals of no other people, is a sealed
book.
Why, sir, what a history 1 It has crowned
American arms with their brightest trophies,
American statesmanship with its wisest les-
son, and American character with its proud-
est achievements. To blot it out is like blotting
out the sun in the firmament. What, sir,with-
out it were American glory ?
I trust I will be pardoned, Mr. Speaker, for
saying that in my judgment the history of the
part taken by Virginia in the late unhappy war
will be found—to the eye of those who are to
succeed us, who will read it without venom
and without passion—to have brought no dim-
inution to her ancient fame, and that the sons
of her noble sires of the past approved them-
selves not unworthy sons of their illustrious
ancestry. Mistaken they may have been,
you say they were; but the purity of their
motives, equally with their bearing, their valor
in the field and their wisdom in council, which,
if you will not, the world has admired, are be-
yond question.
It is quite time the tangled web of recon-
struction had been cut. From the first false
step which entered upon it, downward, it has
been a series of contradictions and absurdities.
There was no difficulty about the work, either
upon the theory on which the war was prose-
cuted, that the ordinances of secession were
void, and the States notwithstanding still con-
tinued part and parcel of the Union, or the
theory since resorted to of conquered territo-
ries. As conquered territories, unless it can be
shown that the Constitution allows of perpetual
dependencies, they were entitled to instant
admission. They had the requisite population,
constitutions that were republican in form ;
and it was not a question with the Government
as to when these may have been established;
whether under the dominion of the confederate
States or before. The fact was, however, that
then- State constitutions had not been altered.
_ Now, sir, if these States with such institu-
tions had been wrested from a foreign Power
do we not all know that they would have been
allowed without delay admission to the Union ?
Has it not been the uniform practice of the
Government in relation to the Territories to
admitwhen they had the requisite population?
The best_minds of the country have held that
no enabling act was necessary ; and especially
if they already had an organic law republican in
form. There could in such case be no necessity
of an enabling act or other legislation by Con-
gress. How immaterial must it be as to when
their State institutions were modeled, whether
under one government or another. What other
question could legitimately arise ; what other
duty in the Congress except that simply of
seeing that they were fashioned after the
republican model?
It has long since been exploded that the
clause of the Constitution giving to Congress the
power to dispose of and make all needful rules,
&c., touching the Territories and the other
public property of the United States conferred
any powers of legislation over the people in-
habiting there, and held that the only clause
relating to the subject is that giving the right
to admit new States, under which no other
power can be justly claimed except so much
as may be necessary to enable such Territories
as might not already have them to form State
constitutions preparatory to their admission.
The people of the Territories have as much
"ght to self-government as we of the States,
and the only duty of Congress is to protect
them m its exercise whenever they have reached
a point when their population by their num-
bers can r rganize and carry on the functions
of govern nent.
I have no purpose, however, to discuss at
length these reconstruction measures—time
would not suffice—but only to say, sir, that
nobody can or does doubt that the southern
States would have been promptly admitted but
for the unhallowed lust of vengeance the wat
excited, and lust of party dominion and ascend-
ancy. How infinitely insignificant the error of
