1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2007
The same is true to a great extent of the
great staple, wool. The war created an unpre-
cedented demand for wool, as we all remember
well, and the price rose rapidly under this
increased demand until wool-growing, always
a favorite business with farmers, became per-
haps the most profitable of all their crops. A
great increase of the production was in con-
sequence developed at once, and continued to
expand as hardly any other production could
be made to do. The sheep being an animal
that comes to maturity very quickly flocks
were increased with great rapidity, until at the
close of the war not only the hills but the
valleys and plains of the country were overrun
with them. At this time the immense con-
sumption of woolen goods for Government
account ceased, and the cotton supply began to
revive. There were immense stocks of wool
and woolens on hand for which there was but
a moderate demand. This could have but one
result. The price fell until wool and woolens
are lower than for many years. The farmers
have discovered where the difficulty lies, and
are applying the remedy by slaughtering the
sheep.
Mr. Wells thinks that this is a most "dis-
couraging and disastrous" thing; but the
farmers do not so regard it. it has occurred
often in the history of the country before, and
can always be done without serious loss. The
sheep is generally worth nearly as much for
slaughtering as for any other purpose, and in
this consists one great advantage of the wool-
producing business of this country. The farmer
can go out of it at any time without loss, and
especially when meats of every kind are in
great demand, as at present.
But while the Special Commissioner bewails
so feelingly the slaughter of the sheep and the
injury which the tariff has in his opinion in-
flicted upon the producer of wool, what has he
to say about the manufactures of that article
and the prices to the purchaser of clothing?
Here again he admits grudgingly that the con-
sumer " is enabled to purchase his cloth at a
price nearly or quite as low as previous to the
war but he maintains that woolen goods
have also fallen correspondingly in Europe,
so hard is it for him to speak the plain truth
when it favors the American system.
Of the great and encouraging growth of the
manufactures of woolen goods in all parts of
the country, and especially in the northwestern
States, with which I am most acquainted, he
says not a word. It is before our eyes, how-
ever. The woolen-mills are now to be seen
almost everywhere in my part of the country,
and their goods are preferred to those from
foreign markets. I copy from a report upon
the late fair of the " American Institute" the
following, which I think speaks the truth:
"Cloths of admirable soundness and finish were
exhibited from the States of the Northwest, where ten
years ago no -woolen fabric was produced of a higher
quality than a Kentucky jean. These cloths were
samples of such fabrics as are produced in hundreds
uf mills, furnishing the chief supply of woolen clo ths
for the Northwest. It was shown that the Bast, stim-
ulated by western competition, itself tho truit of
the protective policy, is producing new fabrics both
inthcoard-wool manufacture and the worsted man-
ufacture, yet comparatively in its infancy hero. Five
years ago all the classes of goods known as Esqui-
maux and Moscow beavers, used for overcoatings,
were imported. The cheapness and excellence of
the goods recently manufactured, of which there was
a full rangeof samples at the exposition, have almost
completely excluded the foreign products. Thesame
remarks apply to thesilk-mixedcassimeres so largely
consumed. The models of the soft woolen cloakings
known as chinchillas, and of tho fabric largely com-
posed of the brilliant hair of the Angora goat, known
ns astrakans, both largely consumed forladies' over-
garments, were first shown at the London exposi-
tion in 1862. They arc now made here of admirable
finish, by power, while their prototypes were woven
by hand. Before 1867 it was the popular impression
that the Scotch cassimeres, or cheviots—coarse but
j-ightly fabrics, in fashionable demand for gentle-
men's business suits—could not be madeinthis coun-
try for want of the requisite wools. A range ofgoods of
groat variety exhibited by one of our principal mills
was pronounced to be equal in taste and finish to the
original Scotch goods. As in all similar cases, tho
price of goods has been greatly reduced by the in-
troduction of tho American fabric, such being the
effect of the very recent production in this country
of the fashioned knit goods for under-clothing, sam-
ples of which were exhibited, comparing favorably
with the celebrated.British knit fabrics of Cart-
wright."
Sir, this is not a gloomy outlook.
That the tariff has had anything to do with
the present low price of wheat and wool is as
utterly untrue as it would be to claim that the
high price of wheat last year was wholly due
to it. That on the whole the farmers are more
interested in theprotection of our home indus-
tries than any other class of people I have never
doubted; and this was the opinion of General
Jackson, stated in the celebrated Coleman let-
ter, as it is now the opinion of General Grant,
stated in his late message. It is not, however,
the opinion of the Special Commissioner of
Revenue. But if the farmers are making such
heavy contributions, " not for revenue, but for
the profit of industries more favored than their
own," will they not cease to buy farms and
immediately enter upon those more favored
industries? Nay, why have they not long since
discovered the oppression that ruins them, and
fled from their farms to the favored workshops
and made their fortunes in making pig-iron,
salt, clothing, lumber, or mining coal, since
the country is full of opportunities for enter-
ing upon all these occupations? Whatever else
protection may do, at least it does notforbid any
citizen from entering upon the most favored in-
dustry in the land, and our countrymen are not
slow to discover which that one is. If by chance
any industry is too much favored, we need not
doubt that its ranks will be speedily filled by
a host of eager competitors, who will restore
the equilibrium by wholesome rivalry. A Bos-
ton manufacturer being asked if he did not
wish the duties increased upon the product of
liis foreign rival, replied, "By no means;
that would at once call in a competition that
would ruin tho business."
That Commissioner Wells is not ignorant of
the method by which protection benefits the
agricultural interests is proved in his report
of 1867. On page 34 of that report, under the
head entitled " The true protection of the
American agriculturist," he says, with as much
truth as force—
" That our whole national experience proves that
there can beno practical protection to the American
agriculturist, except what he receives from the ex- :
istcnce and extension of American manufactures."
Again, on page 35, he says:
"The great want of the western agriculturist is a
remunerative and certain market for his surplus
products, and this want is likely to increase rather
than diminish. Experience has shown that this sur-
plus cannot in its crudc condition find any sufficient
outlet m foreign markets. With the exception of
Great Britain nearly all of tho States of Europe are
now food exporters instead of food importers, and
weie Great Britain to draw the entire amount neces-
sary to make up her annual food deficit from tho
United States, the American surplus would in a few
years be as large as ever."
These, sir, are not my words; they are much
better ; they are the words of the Special Com-
missioner of Revenue. The western agricul-
turist, then, cannot look to a foreign market
for the sale of his surplus. That is the plain
truth, and here we have it confessed. Thepro-
tection, then, of our American industries is
not more for their advantage than for the ad-
vantage of the American farmer, for whose sur-
plus products they create the only permanent
and certain market.
Ask any intelligent western farmer what is the
burden that weighs heaviest upon his business,
and he will answer you that it is the great cost of
the transportation of his products to the eastern
markets. The products of the farm are bulky
and heavy, and the cost of transportation for
long distances is necessarily great, and the
further the market is removed from the pro-
ducer the greater this burden becomes. It is
apparent that he does the farmer the greatest
good who brings his market nearest to him.
This is precisely what protection does. By
building up and sustaining home manufactures
a large proportion of the labor of the country
isdrawn away into those pursuits, andamarket
is created for the productions of the agricul-
.a'J 0w 11 door. What does free trade
offer in exchange for this? Only to reniove
the market thousands ot miles further away in
a foreign laud, and the delusive hope of pur-
chasing his manufactured goods cheaper in that
market. The cost of transportation will be
very greatly increased, and when he reaches
the place of sale'he will find that the market is
not his, but is already glutted with the products
of other countries, whose cheaper labor and
shorter distance of transportation give them
an advantage against which it is in vain .for him
to contend. When American manufacturesare
broken up by free-trade folly, and the home
market destroyed, it will matter little to the
western farmer whether or not he can buy his
merchandise very cheaply in England and
France, since he will have nothing to pay for it
with.
I copy here a brief statement of the cost of
sending a bushel of wheat from Chicago to Liv-
erpool at this time, which I believe to be accu-
rate. This shows that, wheat is now worth
seventy-three cents at Chicago for export. Let
the farmers consider this table :
Putting a bushel of red winter wheat at jtl 30, (nine
shillings per one hundred pounds.) its price in Liv-
erpool on Christmas eve, 1869, we find its value in
gold to the western farmer by tho following deduc-
tions :
Carriage from Chicago to New York 30
Marine freight 16
Marine insurance 21
Commission      3
Handling  2
Charges from Chicago to Liverpool 5Si
To this must be added the expense of placing it in
Chicago:
Currency.
Storage and commission 5
Insurance and loss  i
Carriage to Chicago 10
Handling 3
18i
Equal in gold to fifteen and a half cents.
Total deduction from price in Liverpool, sixty-
nine cents; leaving to the farmer sixty-one cents in
gold—seventy-three cents currency—per bushel.
Is it true, however, that protection always
increases prices to the consumer and that our
western farmer is really compelled to bear such
a grievous burden on account of the tariff as is
represented? So far is this from being the truth
that I hazard nothing in asserting that the facts
show that the rule is exactly the other way ;
and this upon the plainest and most familiar
principles—while the foreign manufacturer has
the monopoly of your market his prices are
controlled only by your ability to pay—you are
compelled to buy of him, however great his
exactions may be. There is no other resource.
In this state of things the protective tariff steps
in and lays a heavy duty upon the foreign wares,
and now at once the American manufacture
is commenced and the home-made article comes
into the market alongside of the foreign. A
lively competition arises. The American man-
ufacturer tries hard to control his own market
by selling cheaper than his foreign adversary,
and the importer puts down his price until it
reaches the lowest point at which he can live
with the twofold object of retaining an import-
ant part of his business and of breaking down
his adversary and thus ridding himself of a
troublesome competition. What the result of
this contest will be is plain enough. The price
will go down and the consumer will find him-
self greatly the gainer. And this has been the
practical result always. Instances of this might
be cited easily to almost any extent, but it is
not necessary. The case of the steel rails put
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] the other day is in point.
I notice in this connection a speech ra??®
lately by the gentleman from Missouri, I Mi.
Fixkeixbueg,] in which the fundamental free-
trade fallacy is often repeated as if it were a
settled axiom. He says :
" The tariff on foreign iron is nine dollars per ton
in gold! or about elevln dollars in currency .which
enables the American manufacturer to add that
