1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2951
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been objected to, and debate is not in order.
solomon k. bowles. |
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 559) for the relief of Solomon E.
Bowles; which was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes the Commissioner of Patents to hear
and determine the application of Solomon E.
Bowles for an extension of his letters-patent,
grauted 10th of April, 1855, for a machine for
raising and transporting stores, upon evidence
in the same manner and with the same effect
as if the application had been made within the
time prescribed by law; but in case the exten-
sion shall be grauted, no person is to be held
liable for damages for infringements thereof
between the date of the expiration of the ori-
ginal patent and the date of the extension.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let the re-
port be read.
The Secretary read the following report sub-
mitted by Mr. Ferry, from the Committee on
Patents, on the 18th of February last:
The Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
thomemorial of Solomon E. Bowles, praying for per-
mission to be heard at the Patent Office on his appli-
cation for the extension of his patent for raising and
transporting stores, report as fallows:
The petitioner is the original inventor of anew and
valuable machine for raising and transporting stores,
for which he obtained a patent on the 10th day of
March, 18%, which expired on the 10th day of April,
1S69; that more than niaety days prior to its expira-
tion he plaeed his letters-patent in the hands of
one Seeley to make application to the Commissioner
of Patents for an extension; that said Seeley, being
ignorant of the change in the law requiring ninety
days instead of sixty days, as formerly, to intervene
between the making of such application and the ex-
piration of the patent, did not file his application
till after said ninety days had begnn to ran, and
consequently, when the petitioner appeared at the ,
Patent Office to prosecute his application, he found
himself barred by reason of the facts aforesaid. i
The committee are of opinion that he onght to be '
permitted to proceed with his said application before
the Commissioner of Patents, and therefore recom-
mend the passage of the accompanying bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only fact stated in
the report is that the petitioner was ignorant of
the law. If that is sufficient to authorize a
man to get relief the bill ought to pass. That
is the only fact stated.
Mr. FERRY. I ought to explain, perhaps,
that prior to 1861 but sixty days' notice of an
application for an extension of a patent by the
Commissioner of Patents was required by law.
There was a little hand-book in the hands of
patent agents and inventors generally through-
out the country which set forth what the law
was in respect to applications, and it con-
tained this requisition of sixty days. No other
hand-book has since been published, as I under-
stand; and this is generally in the hands
of this class of men. The time is how fixed
at ninety days, but the book remains as it
formerly was, and these persons are very fre-
quently misled. We have had a number of
applications of this kind.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yon mean it was for-
merly ninety days, and it is now sixty.
Mr. FERRY. No, sir; it was formerly sixty
and is now ninety days.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then I do not see how
the man conld make a mistake.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He must apply ninety
days before the expiration of the original patent.
Mr. FERRY. In this case he did apply
seventy days before, in accordance with the
old law, and he found himself barred.
Mr. HOWE. When did he apply?
Mr. FERRY. Between sixty and ninety
days in this particular case.
Mr. HOWE. Does the proof show that?
Mr. FERRY. The evidence shows it. It
is not exactly stated in the report, but that is
the fact. We have a number of such cases.
Where that fact appeared clearly and definitely,
that the petitioner was misled in this way by
the change in the law, where he had used due
diligence to present his application within the
sixty days, we have reported bills in favor of
relief being granted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not able to under-
stand the explanation of the Senator very
well. If the book that the party had in his
hands required him to file this notice in ninety
days, why did he not do it?
Mr. FERRY. He filed it before the sixty
days, but the law now requires that it shall be
filed ninety days.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ninety days before the
patent expires ?
Mr. FERRY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand it now.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
district justices of tub i eace.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 210) relating to judicial proceedings
in the District of Colombia; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Committee on the
District of Columbia have instructed me to
move an amendment in the form of a substi-
tute for the bill, which I send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thearaendment
will be read.
Mr. FOWLER. Let that bill be passed
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
objected to.
Mr. PATTERSON. Why does the Senator
object?
Mr. FOWLER. It will lead to debate-
Mr. PATTERSON. It is very short.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is the objection?
Mr. FOWLER. Let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Tennessee withdraws his objection
until the bill is read.
The Secretary read the amendment offered
by Mr. Patterson, which was to strike out all of
the bill after the enacting clause and to insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That in all cases in which a judgment, the amount
of which exceeds twenty dollars has been or may
hereafter be rendered by any justice of the peace in
the District of Columbia, the party in whose favor
the judgment has been rendered may, within three
years from the rendition thereof, file a transcript of
such judgment in the office of the clerk of the
supreme oourt of the District of Columbia; and
thereupon it shall be the duty of said clerk, on the
day on which the transcript may be filed, to enter
alphabetically in a judgment docket, to be kept by
him for that purpose, the names of the parties, the
amount of Baid judgment, the date of its rendition
and of filing the transcript; whereupon such judg-
ment shall become a lien upon the real estate of the
judgment debtor, and execution may be issued
thereon, and executed in the same manner a3 if the
< judgment had been rendered in theSupreme Court of
the District of Columbia.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the power
I conferred upon the supreme court of the District of
Columbia to issue writs of attachment and replevin
: under existing laws be extended to tho courts of
! justices of the peace in all cases where the amount
claimed by the plaintiff does not exceed $100; and
that the supreme court of the District of Columbia
shall prescribe rules of practice before justices of
the peace in such cases.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the clerk of
said supreme court shall provide a book for such
judgment docket alphabetically divided, and spaced
with perpendicular columns for the entry of the fol-
lowing data in their order, namely: name of judg-
ment debtor; name of judgment creditor; amount
of judgment; date of rendition; by whomrendered;
date of filing transcript; part unsatisfied; when satis-
fied.
Mr. FOWLER. This is not the bill I sup-
posed it was. I withdraw my objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that
that is rather a dangerous bill. We have a
great many justices of the peace in the District
of Columbia, and I have never known justices
of the peace to have jurisdiction of replevin
suits. They have not in ray State.
Mr. HAMLIN. They have in my State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They have in my State
up to seven dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is to the extent of
$100 in replevin and one other class of suits.
Will the Clerk read the other kind of suits
that the justices are to have jurisdiction of?
The Secretary read as follows:
Skc. 2. And be it further enacted. That the power
conferred upon the supreme court of tho District of
Columbia to issuo writs of attachment and replevin
under existing laws, bo extended to tho courts of
I justicos of the peaco in all cases  
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is sufficient. They
are to have the authority to issue attachment,
and writs of replevin to the extent of $100.
You have a great variety of justices here. I
shall not object to the bill, but I doubt the pro-
priety of it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to the Sen
ator from Illinois that this is desired by the
members of the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, and by almost everybody in the
District.
Mr. NYE. They desire it, I suppose, because
they want to get rid of trying these cases.
Mr. PATTERSON. They wish to get rid
of some of this immense amonnt of work.
Mr. NYE. If I understood the reading of
the amendment, one part of it provides that
where judgment is entered to the amount of
twenty dolFars it shall become a lien upon real
estate. I do not think that is so in any State.
Mr. HAMLIN. Oh, yes, it is.
Mr. FOWLER. I presume there is no way
of supporting the justices here, unless we in-
crease their business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
, tion is on the amendment reported by the com-
mittee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
, in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
\ a third reading, was read the third time, and
p&sssdt
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, the title
■ was amended so as to read: "A bill relating to
judgments in justices' courts in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes."
mutual fire insurance company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 505) amendatory of the charter of the
Mutual Fire Insurance Company of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to amend the act to in-
corporate the Mutual Fire Insurance Company
of the District of Columbia, approved Jan-
uary 10, 1855, so as to authorize the interest
on the premium notes held by the company to
accumulate to the extent of $100,000; and
also to authorize the company to acquire and
hold real estate not exceeding $50,000, cash
value, at any one time.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
; third reading, read the third time, and passed.
i coroner of the district.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
ij (S. No. 79) to further define the nature and
i extent of the duties and powers of the coroner
j of the District of Columbia, and prescribing
| his fees and the manner of collecting the same.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
i, Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
;! sider the bill.
! The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendment, to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and to insert
in lieu of the words stricken out the following;
That the coroner of the Distriot of Columbia, so
soon as he shall be notified that thedead body of any
person supposed to have come to his death by vio-
lence or casualty, is within the District, shal^ visit
the body of the person so dead, and if, in his judg-
ment. the case demands it, shall make out his war-
rant directed to any constable, sergeant of police, or
patrolman, within said district, requiring him forth-
with to summon a jury of twelve good and lawful
men of tke District, to appear before said coroner at
the time and place expressed in his warrant, and to
inquire upon view of the body, (naming therein the
person lying dead, if known,) how and in what man-
ner, and by whom he came to his death; or in case of
a female, how and in what manner, and bv what
means she came to her death. And every officer to
whom such warrant shall be delivered shall forth-
