1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4839
and improve their practice ; and yet the power
to naturalize is given to them. They are to be
substituted for the State courts. Authority is
reposed in them and withdrawn from the State
judicial tribunals.
We all know that in some of the States
there is but a single United States court, and
that held at a place remote from a large por-
tion of the people. In my own Stale, which
is of limited territoiy, some individuals would
have to ride from two hundred and fifty to
t hree hundred miles to see a judge of a court of
the United States. Instead of having a court
in the county in which they reside who could
perform the duties properly and promptly,
persons desiring to be naturalized will be re-
quired, under this amendment, to go to the
distant district court of the United States.
They are not. only to appear before the court
themselves, but they are to take witnesses with
them. Witnesses are required to prove the
good moral character of the party and his at-
tachment to the principles of the Constitution
of the United States. You invite men by your
laws, by your policy, to come to this country;
and when they reach here and desire to be-
come citizens they are to be subjected to the
annoyances, trouble, and expense provided
by this bill.
Then the commissioners are to hold sessions
once in sixty days for the performance of this
duly, and of ihose sessions they are only to
give twenty days' notice. How the notice i3
to be given is not stated; the papers in which
it is to be given are not mentioned; this would
be evidently insufficient.
The second section of this amendment is as
follows:
That any alien intending to apply for naturaliza-
tion shall, at least one month before such applica-
tion, tile or eau.se to be filed with the clerk of ' he said
respective courts, or witti the said commissioner to
whom such application is to be made, a notice that
lie intends so to apply, which notice shall be veri-
fied by the oath of such alien, and shall state the
time at which such application is to be made, the
name of the town or place within the State or Terri-
foiy, or within the District <>t Columbia, in which
such application is intended to be made, aiso where
the applicant has resided for the yeai previous to
such application, his residence at the time, with the
street and number, (in case lie resides 111 a place hav-
ing stieets muned and houses numbered,) mid name
ot the keeper of the house in which lie lives, the
name, age. occupation, and nationality of the appli-
cant, together with a dc-eription of the person of
the applicant, including age, height, complexion,
color of hair, color ot eyes, and any other distin-
guishing fact.
This reminds me of the certificate of free-
dom which used to be given to emancipated
slaves. 1 heir height, complexion, color, and
marks upon their persons. They had to be
described in those certificates to enable them to
go from one county to another, or from State to
State. J had hoped that with the abolition of
slavery all such marks and badges of distinc-
tion would be discontinued ; but! see thatthey
are to be revived by this bill. An alien is to be
described with greater precision than a free
negro was described when he obtained his cer-
tificaie of freedom.
But when is this to be done? He is to give
notice, with this particular description in writ-
ing, to the court one month before he makes
Ins application. Where is the necessity for that?
He has resided in the country four years and a
half, or perhaps five years. He has declared
Jus intention to become a citizen of the Uni-
ted States and has taken the oath of alle
giance ; has renounced allegiance to all foreign
kings, emperors, and potentates, and on oatb
declared that it is his intention to become a
citizen of the United States; he has in his
possession a certificate given him by the clerk
of the court where the oath was administered,
certifying with the seal of the court to this fact,
and with that in his possession, perhaps remov-
ing into one of your distant Stales or Territo-
ries, a stranger in a strange land, lie is required
one month before he makes his application to
become a citizen by naturalization to describe
himself particularly, his " age, height, com-
plexion, color of ha'ir, color of eyes, and any
! other distinguishing fact.." One month before
! he obtains naturalization, although he may live
three or four hundred miles from a court, in a
| thinly and sparsely-pooulated country where
| railroads do riot exist, tie is obliged to send, by
[ some means or other, this particular descrip-
tion of himself, and is then to go with his wit-
! nesses and present his certificate of application
i preliminary to naturalization.
! ri his is vexatious and oppressive, and obvi-
i ously designed to prevent naturalization and
I an increase in number of American citizens.
■ I venture to say there is not one foreigner in
j a hundred, not one in two hundred—I had
, almost said in five hundred—who could com-
| ply literally with this law if he were located in
; some remote section of the country. It would
j be impossible for him to do it. It, would be
i incumbent upon every man who applied for
naturalization to employ counsel, it would
require this law to be upon the desk of the
counsel. He would have to examine it line
by line and word by word to enable him as an
attorney to comply with its rea.uisitions.
But that is not all. After the party reaches
the place of the session of the court, if any
objection is made to his naturalization, if any
caveat shall be filed, the judge is authorized to
postpone the case from time to time. The
party is to pay his own expenses, the expenses
of his witnesses, traveling expenses, hotel
expenses, and to wait, upon the dilatory pro-
ceedings of the court if they are busy or choose
to postpone the case to any future period.
But that is not all. By the third section of
this amendment, if any allegation of fraud is
mane against a man who applies for natuial-
ization, if any one, it does not, matter who,
shall make an affidavit that he believes—the
| affidavit is only as to his belief—that some
j fiaud has been perpetrated in some way, the
case is to be set down for a hearing.
Aral any attorney at law shall be permitted to
cross-examine any applicant or his witnesses, and
to offer counter evidence conformably to the rules
of law.
Not the register in bankruptcy, not the dis-
trict attorney of the United States, but any
attorney at law, it matteis not who he is, how
young, inefficient, or by whom employed he
may attend, examine and cross-examine any
witness in reference to the subject of natural-
ization. The section fuither provides:
The notice of application provided for in sec-
tion two shall bo produced to the court or commis-
sioner in each case, and the court or commissioner
shall require satisfictory evidence that the appli-
cant is the same person named in ttie notice, a.nd the
same who made the declaration of intention stated
in the said notice.
Now, whatsatisfactory evidence can be given
of the identity of a man ? How is he to prove
that he who is now making his application to
become a naturalized citizen is the identical
person who made an application five years
befoie? After making his application on his
arrival, perhaps in the first court held in the
port of hisarrival, heretnoved Westandlooked
for a home in sonic distant portion of the coun-
try. There be settles among strangers and
remains. He has in his possession the certifi-
cate of his intention to become a citizen, with
a particular description of his person, with the
seal of the court, under the hand of the clerk,
certifying that he has complied with the law;
and yet when he presents that certificate, lie is
required to bring evidence that he is the iden-
tical person. What sort of evidence could a
man iti those circumstances produce other than
the written evidence of which I have spoken?
It might be impossible for him to bring any
other than that which is contained in the paper.
There are his age, his nativity, occupation, and
nationality ; the time of his leaving his native
country and of his arrival here and the evi-
dence of his having taken the oath are in the
certificate in his possession. That is all which
lias ever been required, all that ever should be
required; but, in addition to this heist.o prove
that he is the identical person. _ That is to re-
quire in most cases an impossibility. It would
be impossible to prove any such fact except
upon the evidence contained in the paper which
he produces to the court.
Then this section requires further that, proof
shall be furnished '"that such applicant had
resided in the United States for four years and
six months, and in the said State or Territory
for one year as aforesaid, the personal descrip-
tion of the applicant in full, as set forth in his
notice of application, and the fact that the said
applicant has satisfied the court or commis-
sioner." It would be impracticable in many
cases to furnish such proof, considering the
migratory character of these people. They
change their residence. If one parcel of land
does not suit they seek another. After settling
in one place, if they hear of a better situation,
or better or cheaper lands in another, they
change from time to time and from place to
place to better their condition. How, then,
could it be possible for them to bring witnesses
to prove that they had resided four years and
six months in the United States? I cannot
but suppose that the object of requiring this
proof isto obstruct and prevent naturalization.
The fourth section of'the amendment reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary requires—
That the declaration of intention to become a citi-
zen required by law shall be made and tiled for one
i year and six months before the making of the appli-
' cation of any alien to be naturalized; but the adju-
dication admitting any alien to the rights of citizen-
ship shall be made and entered on record, and the cer-
tificate of naturalization founded thereon «h:tll have
been issued for six months before such adjudication
or certificate shall be effective.
This provides that altera man shall be nat-
uralized. after he shall have satisfied the court
that he has honestly and fairly complied with
every provision of the law, after the oath of
naturalization has been administered, after the
ceitificate of naturalization has been given to
him, that that certificate shall not be effective
for six months from its date. After he has
complied with the law, after he has become a
naturalized citizen and taken the requisite
Oath, this section declares that he shall not be
a citizen for six months thereafter 1 Is it pos-
sible that the Congress of the United States
can be asked to postpone the citizenship of a
man who has honestly complied with your law,
and to declare that it shall not be effective?
It may be that the party cannot purchase and
hold land iu the State where he resides. We
all know that in many of the Slates aliens can-
not purchase or hold real estate. There must
be some legislation to enable him to do so.
But perhaps the most extraordinary provis-
ion of this bill is to be found iti the sixth sec-
tion. it read as follows:
That every certificate of naturalization issued
since July 4, 18(38, and prior to the date hereof in
any city whose population exceeds one hundred
thousand, shall not be evidence of naturalization
unless presented by the person named therein to
the said court or commissioner of the district where
the said person therein named resides; and the
court, if satisfied on examination of the person so
presenting s iid certificate, or by other evidence, that
the same is genuine and has heen obtained without
fraud, shall indorse thereon the word "approved,"
and place the seal and signature of the court or the
signature of the commissioner, as the case may be,
thereunder.
This section declares that no certificate of
naturalization granted since July 4, 1868, in
any city whose population exceeds one hun-
dred thousand shall be evidence of naturaliza-
tion unless presented to a court or commis-
sioner and reexamined. This is one of the
most extraordinary provisions that I have ever
read. The idea that the naturalization certif-
icate of u mon who has been in the country for
five years, who declared his intention to be-
come a citizen, who has been five years a resi-
dent and two years a citizen, shall not be evi-
dence of his citizenship is certainly a very
strange and novel one. Suppose that individ-
ual had purchased real estate since he became
naturalized in a State whose laws prohibited
aliens from holding such estate, and only al-
lowed it to citizens either native or naturalized.
Having made the purchase, contracted debts,
and created liens upon that estate, either by
