1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
four years mo. The theater of war was mainly
within theirborders. Labor was disorganized)
plantations were without fences, implements,
or animals, and political disorders have pre-
vailed to a greater or less extent ever since the
close of the war. This remarkable capacity
to produce not onlyillustrates the great natural
resources of that section, but most happily dis-
closes the superiority of free over slave labor.
It, is a fact worthy of special mention that the
yield of the great staples of the South has been
greater per acre, under the system of labor pre-
vailing since the war, than under the slave sys-
tem. But in those States the lands are mainly
held by the few. Land monopolists cling to
their vast possessions with a pertinacious grasp.
Labor is principally hired. When the senti-
ment and condition shall have become so
advanced that every man will be able to own the
land he cultivates, and to be his own employer,
the products of the South will be increased to
an immeasurable extent. It is a further fact
that the South was never more solvent than
now, and that improvement is steadily making
in that direction. In 1868 the failures in
Louisiana numbered twenty-six, and for the
aggregate sum of $1,102,000. In 1869 the
number was only seventeen, and the-amount
$601,000.
A similar condition of improvement prevails
in the other southern States. In 1868, in the
State of New York, exclusive of the cities of
New York and Brooklyn, the failures num-
bered two hundred and thirty-eight, and for
the aggregate amount of $2,410,000, while in
1869 the number was three hundred and nine,
and the amount $7,135,000. Such, too, is the
history for two years of all the States in the
North and West. The tendency is toward in-
solvency. The cities of New York and Brook-
lyn follow the condition of the South. While
in the two years the number of failures was
within one of being equal, yet in 1869 the
amount was $10,000,000 less than in 1868.
These cities contain the jobbers for the conti-
nent, and are not affected by local results.
They are benefited by prosperity everywhere.
The result as to them presents this pleasing
showing, that whatever may be the tendency
ia one section, as a whole the country is not
without indications of prosperity. By these
facts it is shown that whenever any portion of
the country is not producing enough to meet
the expenditures of trade, the tendency is to-
ward insolvency, while that portion which
pays for its imports in its own productions is
improving in its financial condition. The deple-
tion of national wealth, like disease, attacks
the weakest part.
Cotton was the principal export of the late
rebellious States. It was wholly sent away in
bale as raw material to be converted into fab-
rics elsewhere, if they had manufactured their
cotton at home, and sent it away in fabric
instead of bale, its value would have been
doubled. I hope the day is not distant when
the buzzing of the gins will commingle with
the noise of the whirling spindle; when the
cotton presses will give place to the warehouses
ofthe manufacturers; when ships will not come
to our ports with the iron, the steel, the cloths,
and salt of England, to exchange for the
compressed bales of the fleecy staple, but will
bring their shining gold to exchange for the
fabrics made by the industry and skill of our
people, and from the materials our own soil
has produced. That day will hasten to us when
the watching world shall have become satisfied
that peace and order are established and polit-
ical disorders are healed. Then and not till
then will come to the South emigrants, capital,
and skill.
The policy which I have endeavored to indi-
cate, in my judgment, will more speedily and
successfully solve the vexed financial question
for us, and more certainly and rapidly lighten
the burdens of the country than any other. It
will relieve us of the vain attempt to regulate
the volume of currency so as to make it com-
mensurate with the wants of the country, and
at the same time susceptible of redemption in
coin. Presuming that the mines of the coun-
try will produce in the same proportion for five
years to come as ia the three years last past,
the retention of it will add $250,000,000 to our
specie; and then in providing currency we shall
only need to inquire how much the business of
the country demands. Our ability to redeem,
nobody will stop to question. Inflation as ap-
plied to the circulation will become and remain
an obsolete word so long as our policy secures
us against adverse balances ot trade. Our
industries will have made as richer, and our
public debts, as compared with our assets, will
appear smaller, while our actual ability to pay
will have become greater.
Sir, one other consideration is of great
weight with me. The principles of our Gov-
ernment and institutions commend themselves
' to the affections of intelligent men everywhere.
Our population numerically places us in the
forefront of great nationalities; our resources
are varied and inexhaustible; our territory
is almost continental in extent; our people
are not surpassed by any for intelligence and
enterprise, and recent events have stamped
them with the highest character for pertinacity,
courage, patriotism, and self-abnegation; but
among nations we are without that political
I power which is our desert. The reason is
obvious: we are dependent; a nation debtor
to others, we lack that which constitutes the
"sinews of war." The moneyed centers are
in transatlantic countries. We are morally, if
not otherwise, in the power of creditor nations.
Let our mines produce the precious metals for
ten years to come as they have done in the ten
years gone by, and let us retain their produc-
tions for that period, and the moneyed centers
| of the world will be transferred to this continent,
| and with that event the political power of the
II world will pass into our hands.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
j Mr. TYNER. Mr. Speaker, this House has
! already responded to the recommendation of
i I the Postmaster General for the abolition of the
franking privilege. When that officer made
his appeal, in the name of economy, the peo-
! pie's Representatives did not turn a deaf ear.
When he asserted that millions of dollars could
be saved to the Treasury by excluding free
matter from the mails, this House promptly
answered, " Let the experiment be tried."
If the action of the House shall be indorsed
by the Senate we might "possess our souls in
patience'' until the next exhibit of postal reve-
nues,and expenditures shall be made. But I
ask the indulgence of the House to say that
{ this measure has not, in my judgment, received
: such consideration in this end of the Capitol
as its importance demands. Many exagger-
ated statements, corroborated by official testi-
! mony, have gone uncontradicted to the country.
, It is my purpose to-day to expose these exag-
I gerations and to show by actual figures and
I reliable estimates how far the people have been
misled. No other apology is needed for thus
presenting this subject somewhat out of time.
Allow me, however, in the outset of my re-
marks, to bear willing testimony to the wisdom
of the House in doing its part to sweep from
the statute-books a law so odious to the gen-
eral public. It has heretofore been maintained
on the theory that it afforded an easy commu-
nication between the Representative and his
cpnstituency, free of cost to either, and for the
benefit of both. A large number of the people,
although an inconsiderable minority, have in-
dicated their desire to have it repealed, while
the remainder, either through indifference or
a want of favorable opportunity, have failed to
express an opinion. Those who have sent in
petitions have said, in the language furnished
them by the Postmaster General, that "it is a
special privilege, the benefits of which accrue
to the favored few at the expense ofthe many
and they therefore ask relief.
What is the duty of the Representative to
whom such appeals are made? What should
gentlemen do who are thus told that they are
draining the Treasury of millions of dollars
for their own benefit? Self-respect, to say
nothing of considerations of economy, should
prompt them to surrender the privilege. Nor
is there sufficient inducement to hold on to it
in this instance. It is accompanied by incon-
veniences that overbalance its personal advan-
, tages. It imposes on the Representative the
enormous labor of franking and directing to
his constituents thousands of public documents
and speeches; of drawing on the time and
patience of his friends for extensive and se-
lected lists of those to whom they shall be sent;
of selecting one out of five or one out of ten
of his constituents who shall be the recipients
of these favors, for he cannot send to all; of
paying large sums from his own pockets, even
larger than the cost of postage on his private
correspondence, for speeches and publications
of interest that custom requires him to place
in the hands of his constituents, which are not
furnished by authority of Congress, nor paid for
out of the Treasury ; and it exposes him to the
charge of partiality in the distribution of doc-
uments, and to the danger of alienating friends
who may be overlooked in the distribution.
Besides this, and above all, it affords an oppor-
tunity to every personal and political enemy,
to every reckless newspaper correspondent and
editor who is so disposed, to attack his integ-
rity, by charging him with loading the mails
with fraudulent matter. To balance all this
his private correspondence is carried without
cost. If there is any other resulting advantage
it attaches to the people, not to their Repre-
sentatives. Who, then, would not of his own
accord willingly dispense with " this badge of
subserviency to rank and class," as it is desig-
nated by the Postmaster General ?
Thus far I have referred to this privilege
only as it attaches to Senators and Represent-
atives. But the authority to frank mail matter
does not stop here; itextends to the President,
by himself or his private secretary, the Vice
President, and the chiefs of the several Execu-
tive Departments without limitation, and to the
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, with such limitations
as are imposed on members. All the obliga-
tions resting on members to use their frank for
the benefit of the public rather than for their
personal advantage apply with equal force to
other officers to whom the mails are almost
indiscriminately open.
Another class of officials is clothed with the
franking privilege to cover official correspond-
ence only, who, according to the estimate of
the Postmaster General, number thirty-one
thousand six hundred and one persons. To
them- this privilege is not a personal one, for
they exercise it only in the transaction of pub-
lic business, unless they willfully violate the
law and disregard their oath of office. To talk
about charging up the postage value of their
official correspondence to what is generally
known as the franking privilege is to convey a
very erroneous impression. Although it is
"free matter," yet it is the people's corre-
spondence, carried on in their interest, for
their benefit solely, and it imposes on them no
greater burden than if it were charged with
regular rates of postage and paid for out of
their Treasury. It is unfair to assert that this
privilege, so far as it attaches to this class of
officials, "is a special privilege granted to a
favored class at the expense oi the many," or
that it is a privilege at ail except to the people
themselves.
And this brings me to notice the unfairness
of the Postmaster General in conveying tbe
idea that the whole expense of transmitting
"free matter" can be saved to the people by
the abolition of the franking privilege. There
were arguments enough to show the injustice
of retaining so much of the law as confers
special privileges without confusing the sub-
