2008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
amountto tho price of his own product. This is tho
object of that duty, and he does it, so that the tax is
paid by the consumer on the home-made article as
well as on the foreign."
Again he says:
"Now let us glance at the tariff on woolen goods.
On many articles of cloth in common use it is over
one hundred and twenty-five per cent, ad valorem, so
high that their importation has ceased; hence the
Government derives no revenue from them, while
the amount of the tax is nevertheless paid by the
consumer in the shape of enhanced prices to our
manufacturers."
Now, I am afraid it will be impossible to
treat this with becoming gravity. Let me ask
the gentleman and those who think with him
whether the laws of demand and supply have
anything to do with the price of articles in the
United States, or whether there is something
so very peculiar about this country that people
are obliged to charge a great deal more for a
thing than it is worth just because there hap-
pens to be a tariff on a similar article of foreign
production? Why does he Hot tell us that
inasmuch as there is a duty levied upon wheat
and flour imported into this country tho price
of all our home product is increased in an
equal ratio. There is a heavy duty also upon
imported wool as well as woolens. Is not the
price of the wool also thereby greatly increased
if his theory be true? When it was charged
last summer that in consequence of the duties
on coal every consumer had to pay to the Penn-
sylvania monopolists $1 25 upon every ton, it
was answered that many of these wretched
Pennsylvanians were then selling coal at only
$1 20 per ton. It is to be supposed that these
men did not yet understand that they were
required to add the tariff duty to every ton of
their coal. Tho effect of the duty was not to
appreciate the price of American mined coal,
but to compel the importer to pay this tax for
the privilege of our market. It assures to our
miners the entire home market, or nearly so,
and leaves the price of the article in that
market to be established by the laws of trade,
which are universal.
Suppose we join the gentleman from Mis-
souri and destroy entirely our American man-
ufactures, what then will regulate prices? It
will be competition between the foreign man-
ufacturers, will it not? Every man will sell for
as much as he can obtain, and he will accept a
moderate price only because he cannot get a
greater. In all this ho will be controlled by
the market, which is the law of supply and
demand. But these laws apply to home pro-
ducers as welt as foreign, and if you shut out
the foreign article altogether the competition
of your own manufacturers or producers is at
work to bring the price of the article down to
as low a figureas it can fairly bo afl'orded. That
a duty on foreign merchandise is just so much
added to the home-made article is a pare fic-
tion invented by schoolmen but disproved by
actual facts in nearly every case.
Gentlemen have invented a new name for
their raid upon home industries. They call it
" revenue reform" now, as if it were itself some-
thing new; but politicians with some knowl-
edge of the past recognize an old acquaintance.
Gentlemen reproduce the arguments used by
Daniel Webster in 1816, and on reconsideration
abandoned by him in 1824. Calling them by
new names will not add to their force, nor will
a measure become a reform by merely naming
it such. As I have said before, this is the old
controversy that has never wholly ceased since
the first tariff act was passed.
The Special Commissioner understands this
principle ot the reduction of prices by compe-
tition very well, and seeing that it furnished a
ready answer to all his complaints he has en-
deavored to weaken its force by a most unfair
statement of the fact, which is admitted, and
an argument most signally wanting in sound-
ness. I will givo his own words:
"The Commissioner deems it appropriate in this
connection to say a word in reference to the idea
adopted and advocated by a school of American
economists, that it is for the advantage of the coun-
try to endeavor to effect a reduction of prices by the
creation, through legislation or otherwise, of an
excessive or artificial stimulus to production.
"That the creation of an artificial stimulus to
domestic production—such as is almost always tem-
porarily afforded by an increase of tho tariff, or such
as was afforded during the war by the necessity for
extraordinary supplies—does have the effect, in the
first instance, to increaso and quioken production,
and subsequently to reduce prices through the com-
petition engendered, cannot be doubted."
_ Here Mr. Wells, like every baffled controver-
sialist, begins by grossly misstating the position
of his adversary. What school of "American
economists" has ever put forth such a notion
as is here stated? Do the protectionists advo-
cate "the creation of an excessive or artificial
stimulus to production?" That is what the
Commissioner chooses to say of their policy,
but it is just what no one of them says for him-
self. This is not argument; it is merely mis-
statement. What protection really undertakes
to do is to put the domestic producer on a par
with his foreign rival; to give him an equal
chance in a competition which shall be natural
and healthy. The foreign producer has sev-
eral decisive advantages which will enable him
to drive his American rival out of the market
at once unless the Government comes to his
aid. The Commissioner knows what those
advantages are, and he has not concealed
them. In the extract from his report read a
while ago ho mentions " the cheap materials
and cheaper labor of Europe." This dispar-
ity is so wide that every one sees that the ques-
tion ot protection is simply the question of
whether we will destroy onr'indnstries or not.
We have to thank Mr. Wells for the admission,
so ungraciously made, that the competition
created by protection does result in a reduc-
tion of prices. _ I am content with this, though
he follows it with a labored attempt to show
that such a competition is unhealthy and results
finally in making a bad article.
But in what respect does this competition
differ from any other? That manufacturers
wiil sometimes undertake to undersell their
rivals by making a poorer article of appar-
ently the same sort, as in the shoddy produc-
tion which he mentions, is no doubt very true.
But is that confined to manufactures encour-
aged by protection ? It is the danger of everv
kind of competition. It is safe, then, to say
that the western farmer not only gets a larger,
firmer, and more certain market for his pro-
ducts, in consequence of the encouragement
given by discriminating duties to home manu-
factures, but he also gets cheaper goods by
reason of the competition thus created ; and
why should it not be so ? It is idle to talk
about a monopoly of business that every man
in America is at liberty to do. This is a favor-
ite word with the free-trade organs, but it has
no meaning. Whatever protection is granted
to one is granted to all. And why may we
not in every event rely as safely upon home
competition to reduce prices as upon foreign
competition? What can be gained for us by
destroying our own manufactures to become
the customers of European workshops? These
are questions that admit of but one answer.
That there may be an excessive protection
I am not about to deny. It is the principle
for which I contend. The true interest of
the country is that it should be reasonable and
suited in amount to the object in view. It
ought at least to be sufficient to enable our
manufacturers to hold their own in our mar-
kets against European manufactured goods.
Nor should this protection be confined to man-
ufactures alone, but it should be extended to
every kind of production in our country as far
as possible, it is important to the agricul-
tural interest to diversify the occupations of the
people as much as may be, that large numbers
may be drawn off into other pursuits, and thus
become consumers instead of producers. We
ought to_ develop the resources of our country
to the widest extent and give employment to
our people.
To the old catchword, why not buy always
where you can buy cheapest? I reply that he
cannot buy at all who does not sell. He is a
very stupid economist who clamors for a cheap
'market to purchase in while he makes no prep-
aration for acquiring the means to purchase
in any market whatever. As in cooking a
rabbit it is necessary first to catch the rabbit,
so in buying it is necessary first to acquire the
means to pay.
And here it is proper to remember that the
protection of our industries is the protection
of labor. Great care is taken to conceal this
obvious truth from the people. It is the fash-
ion with the importers, who are themselves
the most wealthy and aristocratic class in the
country, to denounce the manufacturers as a
body of rich monopolists who are amassing
wealth out of the taxation of the people,
while they affect to pity the impoverishad
operatives. But it needs no argument to prosfe
to an intelligent man that in this country the
success of the employers means increased
wages to the employed. The operatives are
now so intelligent and well-organized that
they are enabled to know both the amount of
wages which they are entitled fairly to demand
and the most effectual methods for enforcing
that demand. Every day's experience is prov-
ing that the time has passed by when the cap-
italist will be able to deprive the laborer of
his fair share in the profits of the business.
Wages in this country are necessarily high.
The sparseness of population and the great
abundance with cheapness of land makes it so.
The intelligent laborer need not be a suppliant
for employment; he can, as a last resort, quit
the workshop and take a homestead out of the
public lands, which are always open to him.
It is impossible, therefore, to place him upon
the European rate of wages. Free trade, how-
ever, requires just this, and that is just what
protection intends to prevent and does pre-
vent. Can anything be clearer than this, that
free trade means low wages?
Sir, all this clamor against the tariff is delu-
sive. It has had its origin with a very few per-
sons. Among the people there are ten com-
plaining of the internal revenue taxation where
one complains of the tariff. But these latter
are not organized with abundance of means at
their disposaLto hire lecturers and subsidize
printing-presses. The free-trade league is con-
trolled by very cunning and unscrupulous men.
They think the time lias nearly arrived when
the country will enter upon a period of serious
embarrassment, and they intend to take advan-
tage of the discontent arising out of it to aid
their schemes. They mean to lay everything
to the tariff, believing that the unthinking mul-
titude will not be able to detect the cheat. I
am not afraid ot them. The country under-
stands them, and the good sense of the people
will be an overmatch for all their subtlety.
Great, calculations have been made heretofore,
predicated upon the presumed discontent of
the people under necessary taxation, but they
have all failed. The repudiators set on foot a
plan of great ingenuity to deceive the people,
but it did not deceive them; nor will the free-
trade leagues have any better success. The
distresses of the importers on account of the
sufferings of the people under the protective
tariff are very intense, no doubt; but they are
always groaning at such a rate that we never
know just when the tears ought to be shed.
Listening to them one would suppose that this
was the poorest, most oppressed country and
people in the world. Mr. Wells tells us plainly
that the laborers of tins country are nothing
nigh so well paid as they are in the despotic
countries of Europe. How strange that under
these circumstances those well-paid, happy
European laborers should be flocking to this
tax-ridden, tariff-impoverished country by hun-
dreds of thousands every year! How still more
strange and wonderful that a nation thus
oppressed fram the beginning of its exist-
ence until this time by protective legislation
should nevertheless have presented to the
world the most remarkable example of pros-
