4840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
©
June 25,
mortgage or judgment, power is here given to
the court to sec aside the judgment of the
court which granted the certificate of natural-
ization ; and not only is the court empowered
to do it, but one of these commissioners in
bankruptcy is authorized by this bill to set
aside the solemn judgment of a court under
which deeds and mortgages have been exe-
cuted. This would be an interference with
contracts; it would vitally impair them and be
an intervention in the business affairs of life.
But it further says:
And any certificate of naturalization issued since
July 4,1863, and prior to the passago of this act, may
be presented by the person named therein to the said
court or commissioner of the district in which ho
resides; and the said court or commissioner shall, on
examination of the person named in said certificate,
or on other ovid once, adjudge and determine whether
the said certificate is genuine and obtained without
fraud; and if the said certificate be found so to be,
then it shall bo indorsed "approved;" and if found
not to be genuine, or to have been obtained by fraud
or unlawiully, then it shall be indorsed "rejected,"
and bo retained by the said court oi commissioner.
It only attempts to deal with certificates of
naturalization alleged to be fraudulent, but it
deals with all, whether they be fraudulent or
genuine, whether a man be honest or dishon-
est. Though he may be as honest as any indi-
vidual in the community; though he maybe
as good a citizen as any in the community;
though he may have performed every duty
which the law, good neighborhood, and good
citizenship required of him; though he may
be moral and intellectual, and an ornament to
the society in which he lives; yet having been
horn on foreign soil and having fairly and
legitimately obtained his certificate of natural-
ization, he is to be called up, and his certificate
of naturalization, because it was obtained since
July 4, 1868, is pronounced invalid; it is to
have no effect in law or in equity, in court or
out of court; at the election polls or at any
other place, unless, though he may be hun-
dreds of miles distant, he takes that certificate
and goes to a court and asks it or one of these
petty commissioners of bankruptcy to examine
it and decide whether he thinks it is genuine.
Unless he does that his certificate of natural-
ization is pronounced to be ineffective under
the provisions of this act. And let me say
there is no limitation here. A man may hold
his certificate for twenty years ; lie may hold it
for any period of time ; and if anybody can be
found in any State to make an affidavit against
him only as to belief, he may be called, how-
ever inconvenient it may be, hefore one of
these commissioners substituted for a State
court, and that commissioner is to have the
power to reject that certificate, to indorse it
"rejected,-' and retain it if he pleases.
The same section provides that if this party
shall at any time offer his vote, the judges of
the election may inquire into the validity of his
certificate of naturalization. It may be a long
period after its date when he may offer his vote,
and yet this bill places it in the power of the
judges of election to inquire into its validity.
Why, sir, we know that in the States where
there are registration laws and registration
officers the judges of the election are bound
by the return of the registration officers. One
of the judges takes the registration list, an-
other receives the tickets, and when a vote is
offered they look upon the list of registration
to ascertain if the man's name is upon it;
whether he has complied with all the require-
ments of the law; and if they find his name
upon that list they are bound to take his vote
by the laws of the State. But this bill repudi-
ates State laws, and puts it in the power of the
judges of election to do what, if there were a
number of like cases, it would be impracti-
cable to do. We all know that these investiga-
tions, the evidence which is necessary, the
witnesses which are examined, cannot be gone
into before the judges of election. It would
interfere witji the regular voting of persons
entitled to vote. The election districts and the
jir.eeincts of election are measurably arranged
fecfc'orcling £c> population; and th'erfe is just time
enough without any interruption for the quali-
fied voters to present their ballots.
But this section further requires thathe shall
produce the certificate of naturalization, and
when he produces it if the judge of the election
thinks it is a valid certificate, and no one
chooses to contest it, then he is to mark or
write uponit "used," Every time this Amer-
ican citizen, this man whom you have invited to
your shores to become a citizen, shall exercise
the elective franchise and cast a ballot, he has
to take from his pocket (as the free negro
was formerly compelled to do his certificate
of freedom) his certificate of naturalization,
and then he has to submit to the degradation of
liavingto mark on it "used." However high
or honorable the man may be, yet he is subject
to this stigma. Why, sir, could a man feel as
an American citizen who should be subjected
to such ignominious treatment?
But it lurlher provides that the judges of the
election shall retain his certificate oi natural-
ization for ten days. However distant he may
reside, in ten days he will have to make a trip
to the judge of the election to obtain liis cer-
tificate in order that he may be entitled to
vote at the next election.
The seventh section provides—
That the children of persons duly naturalized
under the laws of tile UnitedStates, boingunder the
ago of twenty-one years at the tune "when the father
or mother were or shall bo so naturalized, shall, if
dwelling in tho United States at the time of such
naturalization, be considered as citizens thereof.
Now, sir, there are children under the age
of twenty-one years. The parent becomes
naturalized. These children arrive at age.
They purchase property; they engage in the
usual avocations of life ; and yet after all this,
the father's naturalization papers maybe inves-
tigated and he declared not to be a naturalized
citizen by a dignitary called a commissioner.
What, then, is the condition of the children;
are they to be unnaturalized V They are either
naturalized or they are not naturalized. They
may have exercised the right of suffrage; and
yet, with this power in this court and the com-
missioner to annul tho certificate of natural-
ization, the children are to be turned adrift
and pronounced not to be American citizens
if the commissioner shall choose to write upon
the certificate of the parent "rejected."
The eighth section declares—
That whenever tho district attorney in any district
shall be informed in and by the afiidavit of a credi-
ble person, setting forth tlio grounds of the belief of
tho affiant, that some person therein named has m
his or her possession or power a certificate of natu-
ralization, or a paper purporting to bo evidence that
such person, or any person, has been admitted a citi-
zen ot the United States, and purporting also to have
been issued by somo commissioner or court, State or
national, holding his or its sessions within tho judi-
cial district for which such attorney acts, and that he
verily believes that such ceifciticate was knowingly
procured or obtained contrary to the true intent and
meaning of tho laws existing at the date thereof, or
that tho samo is false, lorged, or counterfeit, it. shall
be his duty to apply to one of tho courts of theUnited
States for such district tor an order on the paity
holding such certificate or paper to appear before
said court on some convenient day, to be named by
tho judge thereof, and produce i-nieh certificate or
evidence of naturalization and lodge tho same with
the clerk, and to show cnusc why such cer'-ihcato or
other paper should not bo adjudicated false, forged,
fraudulent, or eounterteit.
If the party fail to appear he is to be ad-
judged guilty of contempt, and may be con-
fined and imprisoned, at the discretion of the
judge. A man who may have been natural-
ized for any period of time may upon the oath
of any one, however degraded, who only ex-
presses his belief, be called up by an order of
the judge, under the suggestion of the district
attorney, and if he fail to appear may be pun-
ished by fine and imprisonment!
But it provides further that the district attor-
ney may go into an examination, if the certifi-
cate be lost or destroyed, as to whether the
original certilicate was genuine or not. It does
not provide that the man shall be present, ; but
it provides for his punishment if he fails to
appear. If his certificate be lost or destroyed,
this section authorizes the district attorney td
go into any sort of evidence he may please to
prove that the original certificate was not val id
or genuine; and then having done this, the case
is to be returned to the court, and the judge
is to determine the certificate to be invalid
or valid, as he may see fit. If the judge be
engaged in his term, if he has other business
to perform, he may commit this important duty
to the commissioner to determine the val.dity
of the certificate. This commissioner is in-
vested all through the bill with the power to
determine upon the validity or invalidity, the
genuineness or falsity of a certificate of natu-
ralization.
The ninth section I do not materially object
to, because it provides for the punishment of
frauds. It is a long section, and I will not
read it. There is one clause which I think
should be corrected ; and that is on page
20, line fifty-five, where it reads :
If any person, without lawful excuse, tho proof
whereof shall lio on the person accused, shall know-
ingly have or be possessed of any false, forged, or
counterfeit certificate of citizenship, knowing such
certificate to be false, forged, or counterfeit, A:c.
The clause which I object to is that com-
mencing in the fifty-fifth line: "the proof
whereof shall lie on the person accused."
Whenever an accusation is made against any
one, he is of course presumed to be innocent.
The law presumes every one to be innocent
until his guilt is made manifest. That prin-
ciple of tile law which pervades all the crim-
inal laws of the country should pervade this,
as it does the other laws of the United States
and of the States, that a man's guilt shall be
proved, and that it shall not be incumbent
upon him to prove his innocence, because the
law assumes it.
But this section throws upon the naturalized
citizen theonus of proving his innocence, when
it ought to be thrown upon the party who makes
the accusation. Suppose a man, when he was
about to take a voyage, or to leave home on
business, or to take a trip to his original home,
were to leave his certificate of naturalization
with another party. How could the party with
whom it was deposited prove the character of
his possession when lie is charged criminally
with having a forged paper in his possession ?
It would be impossible for him to prove a neg-
ative. The proof should be affirmative on the
part of those who make the allegation. If the
words " the proof whereof shall lie on the per-
son accused," in the fifty-fifth and fifty-sixth
lines, were stricken out, I do not know that I
should have any serious objection to this sec-
tion, because it is intended to prevent and
punish frauds, and I would go as far as any
one, reasonably and properly, to effect that
purpose.
But, Mr. President, I have detained the Sen-
ate longer than I anticipated. My object was
to analyze as well as I could, in a cursory
manner, the bill which came from the House
of Representatives and the amendment pio-
posed by the Committee on the Judiciary of
the Senate. I know nothing about frauds per-
petrated in any of the cities; but I do know
that the losing party in elections are very prone
to charge the victorious one with fraud. It
has been so ever since I became a voter. 1
have frequently heard it declared by the de-
feated party that they had been cheated out
of the election. This is a common allegation.
I know nothing of the facts. I have heard
nothing of them. But if there be frauds com-
mitted in any of the large cities. 1 assume that
they are not perpetrated always on one side.
They are no doubt committed, if at all, by
partisans on both sides. Men are influenced
and prompted by the same motives. They are
desirous of the success* of party, and some
times they mayresort to improper means ; but
this feeling and action prevail as much, piob-
ably in one party as it does in another. No
one can say that they are the Simon Bures"
and everybody else is corrupt.
If there irautls committed in the cities, let
