50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 18,
Ho. 03? Reps.
Publ'c Expenditures—Mr. Daives.
41st Cono 2d Sess.
about the propriety of having this island made
into a navy-yard. There may be a contro-
versy between my colleagues on the committee
and the gentlemen who represent Philadelphia
here about what may be the condition of the
soil thirty feet below the surface of that island,
and there may be a controversy between them
as to the health of that island, whether it be a
healthy situation or not. That I do not enter
into.
I havesomething to say, Mr. Speaker, about
matters in reference to which there can be no
controversy. The question how high League
Island is above the tide is a matter about which
nobody can dispute. Whether it be below or
above low or high-water mark any engineer
can fix, and there can be no dispute about it.
I have before me, sir, a report of a board of
officers to the Secretary of the Navy, from
which I learn that in order to make League
Island so high above low-water mark as to be
protected from the tide it will be necessary to
raise the whole surface between nine and ten
feet.
Mr. KELLEY. What is the iate of that
report?
Mr. DAWES. Now, sir, whether the island
has risen above the tide since this report was
made or not I do not know; whether it has
It? !ifted as ^ave t'ie expectations and plans
of Pbiladelphians in this House to a level with
or above the_ tides I know not; but, sir, when
this report, signed by S. H. Stringham, presid-
ing officer; W. H. Gardner, commodore; G-.
J. Van Brunt, commodore; W. P. S. Sanger,
engineer, was made to the late Secretary of the
Navy, Hon. Gideon Welles, it declared that
to raise the surface of this island to a height
which would render it safe from encroachment
ol high tides will require a filling of from nine
to ten feet over the whole area.'' Nobody can
dispute the point to which the tide rises.
There are four hundred acres, and the Sec-
retary of the Navy in his report to this House
proposes to make it six hundred acres. The
four hundred acres described in this report it
will cost more than $1,000,009 to raise above
the encroachments of the high tides. Sir, every-
body knows that four hundred acres raised
nine feet will make five millions and a half
cubic yards of earth which will have to be
carried across the water in boats and dumped
upon this island; and if anybody believes it
can be done at less than fifty cents a yard he
believes what I do not. There are $2,500,000
to say nothing of a sea-wall around the whole,
which is rendered necessary, amounting to more
than two miles. Now, there cannot be one
single machine-shop or one load of machinery
moved from the old navy-yard to League Island
at all till the ground upon which it is to stand
is lilted above the encroachments of high tides
M,SS n^wrrnV0 cTarl7,the navy.yard to sea.
Mi. O NEILL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question. Is he to speak on the subject
ot making the_ appropriations which may be
necessary, or is he to take up his time in
attacking League Island and its suitableness
as a location lor a navy-yard?
in *fh tDAW?S" 1 .Propose to take up the time
m that way m which I think I shall best be
able to place the question before the House
1 propose to show that nothing can be done
toward removing this yard at all until an
expenditure of more than a million dollars is
made ; and therefore that this bill, which my
friend said with so much naivete the other day
did not contain a dollar of appropriation, is but
ofmn trr g °ifa bi!1 for the appropriation
of more than a milium dollars. My friend said
IAT'b0 °n Naval ^a^s, who are
clothed by this House with the duty of con-
sidering all matters pertaining to the Navy, will
have done then: duty when they have got this
bill tniough, and then, as a division of labor
the local Representatives from the city of
Philadelphia he thought very likely might ask
for a small appropriation, as if part of the
duties which properly pertained to the Naval
Committee were to be surrendered by that com-
mittee to the Representatives from Philadel-
phia. But this led to an inquiry I ascertained
from the Navy Department that while my friend
was making his statement to the House, painted
m rose colors, on that very day the Bureau of
Docks and Yards in the Naval Department
were making out an estimate for League Island
of $800,000. This has not yet come here,
although Admiral Porter thought it had ; this
has not yet reached here and will not until this
bill is disposed of. But I state to the House
that there is prepared an estimate for League
Island of $800,000, to follow this bill. This
is perfectly plain from the report of the Secre-
tary himself, from which I take these extracts:
" This [removal] the Department has been and is
anxious to accomplish; but it needs an appropriation
■lor the preparation of the new yard, and without this
it cannot move." ^ * * * ==■ * *
" The annual expenses of this yard are, for these
reasons and those before given, much increased; and
it is not doubted that the savings from this source
and from the expense now incurred of maintaining
two establishments with the money which can be
realized from the judicious sale of the land now occu-
pied in the heart of the city, will go very far toward
repaying the expense of establishing the yard at,
League Island. I trust, therefore, that authority, if
it be necessary, be given to theDepartinenttotrans-
fer the working yard of the Philadelphia station to
League Island as rapidly as is consistent with the
interests of the service, and to dispose of the present
yard as portions of it shall be vacated, and that an
adequate appropriation will be made for the work
necessary to be done before any part of the present
yard can be sold."
Before any part of it can be sold for the
very apparent reason that before you can sell
that yard and move the buildings and ma-
chinery from it to any other place you must
have a place to stand upon ; not under water,
but raised from nine to ten feet by bringino*
the earth from the banks of the river on the
Jersey side, or somewhere else, and lifting it
up. Therefore, sir, while I do admit that the
time will come when the yard has to be moved.
I was correct the other day in the assertion I
made that this bill involved an expenditure
of millions of dollars, atid should not be passed
through under the previous question. And
now let me ask whether it is wise, and whether
it is best to make this appropriation? Let us
not do anything inconsistent with our duty in
regard to the public expenditure on the plea
that this bill does not provide for the expend-
iture of money. I do not intend that the
House or any member of it who easts his
vote for this bill shall escape from voting with
the knowledge that snch a vote implies also
the voting for $800,000, and for a placing of
¥3,000,000 besides at the absolute disposal of
the Secretary of the Navy.
And now I ask the gentleman whether it is
best to take the course proposed in this bill?
Ihis is a new public work ; it is not a public
work already begun and carried so far that it
would be impossible to stop it without sacri-
ucc. It is not commenced as yet. Is there
an absolute, pressing, overwhelming necessity
now of undertaking this work at this time, or
is the Treasury of the United States in posses-
sion of such superabundant funds that we can
undertake it at this time? It becomes the Rep-
resentatives of the people to answer both those
questions, and if I may have your patience I
propose, Mr. Speaker, as well as I may be
able, to discharge my duty in answering both
these questions.
Sir, it is a time of peace; there is no pressing
necessity for the enlargement of navy-yards.
1 lie navy-yards of the country were sufficient
for the war. At any rate, the war was a success
with the navy-yards at their present capacity
and power. There is no occasion, therefore,
in this time of peace for building up new navv-
yards m this country.
And there is behind this a question which I
have no time to discuss at present, but which
ought to be settled before we launch upon the
expenditure of money either for new yards or
for the enlargement of old yards; and that is,
whether it is best for us to maintain this vast
expenditure of money on navy-yards at all.
The British navy, for some reason or other,
depends upon private yards. Ninety per cent.,
I am told, of all the work done upon the British
navy is done in private yards. 4-dmiral Porter
says, in evidence which I have before me, given
by him before a committee of this House, that
we spent $480,000,000 for our navy-yards dur-
ing the war,and that we have nothing at all
to show for it now ; that we have no navy as
the result of the money so spent on our yards;
and he suggests the building of a merchant
marine, semi-warlike steamers, as a substitute
for all our Navy; and he tells you that he
Would advise the building of every one of them
in private yards, because they can be built
cheaper than in public yards. The vessel that
sunk the Merrimac and saved Philadelphia
and New York and Boston from destruction
was built in a private yard by a private indi-
vidual, and in ninety days. I say I do not enter
into that question now; but it is a question
that ought to be settled before we expend this
money. But I desire to call your attention to
what the Secretary of the Navy has estimated
and proposes to expend upon other yards in
addition to what he proposes to spend upon the
Philadelphia navy-yard.
Mr. MYERS. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question before he passes from this subject.
I desire to know whether I am to understand
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions that it is his opinion or the opinion of
Admiral Porter that our Navy during the war
effected nothing toward crushing the rebellion?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know what the gen-
tleman understands. I neither said so myself
nor did I say that Admiral Porter said so.
Mr. MYERS. You said the $480,000,000
expended for the Navy during the war were
useless.
Mr. DAWES. I said that Admiral Porter
stated that §480,000,000 had been expended
for the rsavy during the war, and we had abso-
lutely nothing to show for it to-day.
Mr. DICKEY. Will my colleague on the
Committee on Appropriations yield to me for a
question ?
Mr. DAWES. My friend will excuse me; I
cannot yield to him. I understand that he
represents on this occasion the State of Penn-
sylvania, and not the Committee on Appropria-
tions. r v
.i S°;nS 01110 say that in addition to
that $800,000 the Secretary of the Navy pro-
poses besides to expend in the navy-yard at
Jr0^noutk'NewHampshire,$577,856, against
§o0,000 expended last year ; at the navy-yard
at Boston $747, 341, against $100,000 last year :
tl nnennnTyfrd at Y°rk $833,511, against
$100,000 last year ; at the navy-yard at Phila-
delphia $111,98o, against $25,000 last j'ear; at
nn7i'ya.rdat Wasl™gton $351,775, against
lo?L°2?.,laSt y®ar i-at % navy-yard at Norfolk
$2o8,dl2, against $30,006 last year: and at the
w ¥are Island $93'423' aga^t
?o0,000. He thus proposes to expend upon
Sf bSindes ihis §800,000, a total of
4 4oFifrmnSt ^t51'00,0 last year"
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman refer
priatfons ?m 6S °r t0 the appr0"
prktio?s^WES' 1 am Speakin2 of the aPPro'
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAWES. I will answer any questions
if it can be understood that my time shall be
extended.
stood I k0Pe that will be under-
