1870.
THE' OONGfiBSSieMJWGlJOfiffi
2953
V' fuekdmbn's bom ad.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
fS. No. 431) to abolish the Freedmen's Bureau
and provide for a bureau of education.
Mr. PATTERSON. Let that be passed
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
NORTH CAROLINA VOLUNTEERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 520) to amend an act entitled " An act
to remove the charge of desertion from certain
soldiers of the second North Carolina mounted
infantry,'' approved March 26, 1869.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to amend the act
to remove the charge of desertion from certain
soldiers of the second North Carolina mounted
infantry, approved March 26, 1869, so as to
include the following-named soldiers of the
second North Carolina mounted infantry: com-
pany A, George VV. Biggs; company C, John
Brooks, Hiram B. Riddle; company D, Henry
R. Cook, William D. Sexton; company E,
George W. Hensly, William Loomy, James
Holland, George Norton, Armstrong Harris;
company F, John L. Swaynegame, James L.
Sentell, John E. Sentell, Thomas M. Stewart, :
William P. Kilpatrick, James L. Evans, Wil-
liam W. Hamlin, Robert F. Orr, John Kelly;
company H, Merritt R. Heatherly, Robert D.
Walker, Lynch Young.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SPKINGFIELD ARMORY LAND.
The next business On the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R, No. 156) authorising
'the sale of certain land at Springfield, .Massa-
chusetts, and for other purposed. ■
There beiag no objection, the Senate, 'as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of War to sell to Horace Kibbe,'
of Springfield, .Massachusetts, at its full value,
to be determined by the superintendent and
paymaster, jointly, of the national armory in
Springfield, a small detached piece of land
belonging to, but of no use or value to the
public, lying at the junction of Federal and
Armory streets in Springfield, and containing
about forty-three square rods, on the condi-
tion that Kibbe shall grant all that portion of
the lot lying to the south of the north line of
Grant street to the city of Springfield, for use
as a public park forever. On full payment of
the appraised value and compliance with the
condition before stated, the Secretary of War
is to execute all necessary deeds for the con-
veyance of the lot to the purchaser. Ryers
street, heretofore opened on the public land
at Springfield, Massachusetts, is declared to
be a public highway or thoroughfare for gen-
eral use.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to amend in the
sixth line, after the word "jointly,'' by insert-
ing ''with the approval of the Secretary of
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAYIS. I move that the Senate take
a recess until the Chamber can be warmed.
It is very cold here to-day. It has not been
well warmed this winter, from some cause or
Other. I think the committee that has cogniz-
ance of the subject ought to look into the
matter.
Tfa* VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate is
now engaged in the consideration of a bill, and
the motion for a recess can only be entertained
by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the notice will
be sufficient to notify the officers to have the
house warmed.
Mr. DAVI8. Very well; I withdraw the
motiom
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say, without
taking time, th t this bill proposes to sett fbrty-
three rods of detached land in the city of
Springfield, the Government fixing the price,
with the approval of the Secretary of War.
The gentleman who is to buy this land turns
over about two thirds of the forty-three rods
for a public park. The whole value of the land,
if sold at auction, would not probably be $500.
The joint resolution waB reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The amendment was ordered to be
engrossed and the joint resolution to be read
a third time. The resolution was read the third
time, and passed.
QEORQE D. ROBERTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 525) to enable George D. Roberts, of
Alameda county, California, to import qertain
machinery free of duty.
There being no objeetiou, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded' to con-
sider the bill. It confers on George I). Rob-
erts, of Alameda county, California, the right to
import, free of duty, one of R. E. Thompson's
steam-wagons or traction-engines, with Fcw-
ler's gang plow attached to the same.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS PASSED OVER.
Thenext billon the Calendar was the bill (H.
R.No. 886) for the relief of Lawrence L. Merry,
collector of internal revenue for the twentieth
district of New York. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury, in adjusting the
accounts of Lawrence L. Merry, collector of
internal revenue for the twentieth district of
New York, to credit him with the sum of
$3,696 73, the amount of revenue stamps
stolen from the American Express Company's
safe and from the post office at Ilion, Herki-
mer county, New York, on the night of the
9th of October, 1866, and for which amount
the collector is responsible to'the Treasury of
the United States, if it shall still appear that the
theft of the stamps was without the collusion,
privity, or fault of the collector.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 356) to reform the civil service of the
United States.
Mr. POMEROY. L object to its consider-
ation. i
| The YICE PRESIDENT. The bill wilLbe
I passed over.
1 E. DIEKELilAN.
I The next business on the Calendar was the
! joint resolution (H. R. No. 144) to enable the
I Court of Claims to hear and determine the
j claim of E. Diekelman, a subject of the king
I of Prussia. The resolution proposes that the ,
claim of E. Diekelman, a subject of the king :
j of Prussia, for damages' for an alleged deten-
tion of the ship Essex by the military adthor-
! itiesof the United States at New Orleans, in
the month of September, 1862, shall be referred
to the Coartof Claims for its decision in accord-
ance with the principles of equity and justice,
and to award Buch damages as may be just in
the premises, if he maybe found to be entitled
to any damages.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. I appeal to
my friend, unless he has some particular knowl-1
edge of the ease, not to object.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The reason I object is
this: I know a great many persons in my State ;
who now claim to be subjects of foreign Powers
who never so claimed heretofore, and they
are now demanding damages for property
destroyed during the War.
Mr. SUMNER. I would s^Jr that this is a
case which has already attracted a good deal
of attention abroad, in which a friendly Gov-
ernment is very much interested, ana with
regard to which it has addressed ear own Gov-
ernment especially. The case is recommehded
by the Department of State, has been consid-
ered in the other House; and been considered
by the Committee on Foreign Relations of the
Senate ; and unless the Senator has some strong
reasons against it I hope he will let it pass.
Mr. NYE. I would like to make an inquiry.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object on the ground
that a great many men who were prominent
rebels in my State are intending to demand
pay for their losses.
Mr. NYE. What prevents thi3 party get-
ting into court now?
Mr. SUMNER. My friend from Nevada
asks what prevents his getting into court now.
Because he is a foreign subject, and the object
of this bill is simply to give him a title to go
into the Court of Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is the bill objected to?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw the objec-
tion.
Mr; SUMNER. I am bbliged to the Sen-
ator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the following report,
made by Mr. StJMNEn, from the Committee on
' Foreign Relations, on the 22d of February,
( 1870:
The Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom was
referred the memorial of E. Diekelman, a Prussian
suhjeot, asking that he might receive indemnity, or
that his claim against the Government of the United
States for damages suffered by the action Of the mil-
itary authorities at New Orleans in the year 1862
might be referred to tho Court of Claims for adjudi-
cation, beg leave to report:
That from the memorial and accompanying papers
it appearc that after the taking of New Orleansfrom
the rebels, in 1862, tho Presidentof the United States,
on tho 12th day of May of tliatyear, by proclamation,
declared that that port was open to commerce, and
the Secretary of the Treasury issued rules and regu-
lations in relation to the tnwle. prohibiting only arti-
cles contraband of war.
That on the 29th day of August the Prussian ship
Essex, owned by tho memorialist, arrivod at tho port
of New Orleans, discharged her cargo, and on the 2d
day of September commenced taking in a cargo of
outward-bound freight; that her cargo was fully
completed on the 16th of September; that among hor
cargo were ten paolcagoaof bull ion, silv expiate, coin,
■fcc.; that on that day the captain applied for a clear-
ance, which was refused unless the captain' Would
land the ten packages above referred to.
The captain said ho could notdo so, as his bills of
lading had been issued after the packages had been
taken onboard under the supervision of a custom-
house official, and that without a surrender of the
receipts he could not be discharged from liability.
That on the 29th of September a custom-house offi-
cer came on board and produced to the captain the
receipts and bills of lading for two of said packages,
which were surrendered to him. That on the 1st of
October a sergeant and two soldiers, accoinpanied by
a custom-house officer, came on board ant}1 presented
an order from the shipper for two other caaes. That
the captain refused to deliver on tho cases without
surrender of the bill of lading. That the keys of tho
hatches were in possession of a custom-house officer,
who opened the same, and the packages were taken
out. That on the6th day of October a custom-house
officer came on board and informed tho captain that
the Ship would be cleared, and in accordance with
saoh notification, on the 7th of Octsber, a clearance
was issued. That these proceedings were under the
direction and control of the military authorities of
the United States then in possession of New Orleans.
That the general in command believed, and aeteil
upon such belief, that tho property contained in said
packages was the property ofpfirsons, citizens of the
United States, in open rebellion against the Govern-
ment; that the artioles wore contraband of war or
liable to confiscation. ,
The ship was detained for nineteen days in the
manner abov6 stated, and subjected, as alleged, to
very great losses. No claim is ma.de for the caaes so
taken, only for the detention of the ship.
Your committee has made this brief synopsis of
the main facts alleged, without any desire or inten-
tion to express any opinion upon the merits of the
controversy or the justice of the claim. It has been
rejected at the State Department.
The Government of Prussia has requested that
the claim of the memorialist shall receive a judi-
cial investigation, claiming that treaty obligations
between the two countries requite such a reference.
Your committee, believing that1 the United States
are beund in fulfillment of its .obligations to give
the memorialists a hearing before our own tribunals,
have unanimously directed me to present tho accom-
panying bill and recommend its passage.
Mr. SAWYER. I should lilie to ask the
bonotable Senator from Massachusetts whether
this claim is iiot barred by another consider-
ation than the citizenship of the claimant, and
