1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Public Expenditures—Mr. Dawes.
Ho. of Reps.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has half
an hour remaining.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man one question.
Mr. DAWES. Is it understood that it will
come out of my time?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so regards it.
Mr. DAWES. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will excuse me. I may be par-
doned, as a friend of this Secretary and of this
Administration, in what I may feel compelled
to say in reference to either his estimates or
the estimates of the whole Administration, when
I say that the estimates of this Secretary in
reference to these expenditures do not inspire
me with entire confidence. I know he speaks of
economy and the saving of money, but, sir,
the great point upon which I find that he hag
expended his energies is upon the promise he
holds out to the House that he will save $2,000,-
000 upon the article of coal alone, the whole
estimateforwhichforthelast two years wasless
than $150,000 a year! Sir, that is an achieve-
ment of mathematics that finds its parallel only
in the attempt to save $5,000,000 by abolishing
the franking privilege, when all the paper
bought by this Government and thirty letters
a day to every member sent through the mails
at regular postage would pay less than five hun-
dred thousand dollars. I hope to see the frank-
ing privilege abolished, but on no such absurd
pretense as that it will save $5,000,000. I
really think that if the mathematicians who put
these figures in the heads of these two Secre-
taries could be brought to light and set to work
the public debt would be paid before the expi-
ration of this Administration! [Laughter.]?
These are "mint annis and cumin," but the
"weightier matter" is the contrast in the foot-
ings of this Secretary—$28,441,761 37, esti-
mated for this year against $15,950,666 appro-
priated last year.
Now, sir, this a public work; it is a new
public work. There is no necessity, no press-
ing necessity of commencing it to-day. Does
this load of estimates justify us in supporting
this proposition? Why, sir, this book of
estimates contains estimates for appropria-
tions for public works of $24,625,173 85,
against appropriations for the same objects
last year of $5,493,000! Sir, the Administra-
tion of Andrew Johnson surrendered to the
allegation that it had been profligate in ex-
penditures. The people tried it upon that
charge and found it guilty, and-took from it
the scepter of power, and put it in our hands
upon our professions of economy in the admin-
istration of the public service. And the peo-
ple intend to hold us to our profession and
promise.
What is the first evidence that we have put
forth to the country of our disposition to carry
out our pledges ? I hold in my hand the book
of estimates for the first year of this Adminis-
tration. And while I know the ungracious
position I occupy, I propose to speak plainly,
but to speak truly to my party friends on this
side of the House. I know that while " faith-
ful are the wounds of a friend," there is not
much ease remaining to the friend who inflicts
them. Now, sir, what did Andrew Johnson,
in the last year of his administration, estimate
that he would carry on this Government for?
He estimated that he would carry it on for
$303,000,000, and we cut down the appropri-
ations $20,000,000 below his estimate. But his
own estimate of the cost of carrying on the
Government, which the people at the polls
declared to be profligate and unreasonable,
was $303,000,000.
Now, sir, what does our own Administration
estimate that it will carry on the Government
for for the next year? The sum estimated
for is $331,097,174 62 ; an increase over the
last estimate of the administration of Andrew-
Johnson for 1869-70 of $28,097,174 62. But
we cut down his estimates $20,000,000, so that
the exact difference between this book of esti-
mates for the present Administration and the
appropriations made the last year of Andrew
Johnson's administration is $49,682,537 01.
It is due to the Post Office Department to say
that there is an error of $7,000,000 in the
footing, which x-educes the amount to some
$42,000,000. But behind and not entering into
these estimates is the little sugar-plum of
$800,000 that my friend from Pennsylvania
[^Mr. Scofield] proposes to prepare the way
for the local Representatives from Philadelphia
to advocate here for League Island. Back of
it, too, is the Bay of Samana, and the Island
of St. Thomas, at $7,500,000 in gold. And
back of it, too, is what every man who has
heretofore been in this House knows as the
millions of dollars that will come back on
those appropriation bills from the other end of
the Capitol. All ofthese items are to be added
to the figures I have given.
Sir, here and here alone, upon this floor, are
the pledges of the Republican party to be re-
deemed. We can have no aid from the other
end of the avenue ; we can have no aid from
the other end of the Capitol. It is here and
here alone that the pledges are to be redeemed.
And they shall be redeemed here in this House.
Here is a public work which it is proposed to
be commenced anew, not partly finished, but
a new work not required by public necessity,
not required by the exigencies of any depart-
ment of this Government. Now, when we are
considering that question, I put it to the Rep-
resentatives of the people here whether we
will inaugarate new public works upon the
broad estimate of $24,000,000? It is here in
the matter of public works that we can cut
down these estimates. I complain of the other
end of the avenue that with all its professions
of economy 
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield now.
Mr. STILES. I desire 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman trom Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] declines to yield, and
it is not in order to interrupt him.
Mr. DAWES. I have a right to complain
of the other end of the avenue, that with all its
professions of economy and reduction of un-
necessary force in the Departments, with all
the heralding by telegraph or otherwise of its
Surpose of reduction, there is not one of these
'epartments that does not estimate to-day, in
the book I have before me, for an increase of
expenditure over the appropriations of last
year, save only one, and that is the poor,
unpopular Attorney General. I hope it is not
because of this remarkable trait in his charac-
ter that it is contemplated at the other end of
this Capitol to relieve him from further public
service and to drive him into private life.
There is no reason why we should refuse to
consider questions of this kind when we are
commencing public works. I know the im-
portance of many of our public works. I do
not profess to speak at this time for anybody
but myself; but I do not believe that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations contemplate or de-
sire, by any means, a general warfare upon
public works. They recognize the necessity
of completing those already begun, the neces-
sity, it may be, of beginning others; but in
considering questions as to beginning public
works they propose to ask this House to stand
by them in scrutinizing to the utmost farthing
the proposed expenditure.
Why, sir, there is the post office in New York
city, which the architect of the public build-
ings says will cost us $4,000,000 ; and the
superintendent of its construction says that
the granite to be used in building it will cost
$1,500,000. No man cau tell what the post
office in Boston will cost. Are we going on
with such expenditures as that ? Are we going
to expend upon League Island $3,000,000 of
value in the old navy-yard, together with
$800,000 of a new appropriation, when that
work can just as well as not wait five years?
I see no reason for these vast outlays at the
present time in that direction, unless it be the
reason kindly stated to me and hinted to mem-
bers of this EQiuse in a paragraph in a Phila-
delphia paper,™ paragraph intimating that the
Republican party will make a mistake in treat-
ing Philadelphia so badly as to refuse the
passage of this measure. I understand what
that means. Perhaps that was the reason my
amiable friend on the other side of the House
from the first district of Philadelphia, [Mr.
Randall] chimed in for once in the grand
quartette of the Philadelphia members while
their colleague from the Erie district [Mr.
Scofield] led the music and kept time behind
them. The gentleman from the first district
of Pennsylvania understands what spending
$3,000,000 for the benefit of any party means,
and I suppose that is the reason he came to the
aid of his colleagues of the second, the third,
and the fourth districts in that grand music
with which we were entertained the other day
in support of this preparatory bill [laughter]
which my friend from the Committee on Naval
Affairs offered.
Two things, Mr. Speaker, seem to be desired
by this administration. At the other end of
the avenue they are bent upon paying the pub-
lic debt; in this House we are constantly cry-
ing out for a relief of the people from taxation
and the burdens of that debt. I apprehend
that neither of these objects can be accom-
plished without that other thing, which seems
to have been overlooked on both sides—a re-
duction of expenditures. How do they pro-
pose at the other end of the avenue to pay
the public debt unless they reduce these ex-
penditures? How do we propose to relieve
the people, and the industries, the enterprise,
the capital of this land from the burden of tax-
ation under which they are groaning except it
be by reducing the public expenditures?
I tell my friend from Maine, [Mr. Peters,]
who has emancipated himself from care about
the pennies and has gone in a vain search for
a dollar without any cents in it upon which he
proposes to economize, that the pennies taken
in the form of taxation from the spikes, the
cordage, the sails, and the rigging of the ship-
ping of Maine are what make the commerce of
the country decline. I tell my friends of the
Committee of Ways and Means that the indus-
tries of the land, which are flocking to their
door groaning under the burdens of taxation,
complain that the expenditures of this nation
are unjustifiable and without proper regard to
economy or to the necessities ot the case. I
call upon the members of this House to stand
by the Committee on Appropriations in the
pledge which is given this day to the country
that they will cut down these estimates of the
Departments below the figure at which they
were fixed by Andrew Johnson's administra-
tion, which the people, for that among other
reasons, deprived of political power. In order
to do this members must forego any private
interests, any imaginary political gains by the
expenditure ofpublic money in particular local-
ities. They must rise above such considera-
tions and look to the general result upon the
public welfare.
Under such a policy the thousand busy fingers
of industry will wake with new life; enter-
prise will take courage and burst the iron bands
by which it is now bound, and this country will
advance in prosperity and development. Pub-
lic works will go on of themselves ; private en-
terprise will push them forward. The nation
in years that are to come will build navy yards
at League Island and at New London, and if
that should appear to be wise policy will am-
plify others, at Boston, at Portsmouth, and all
