4842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
bill at all, but it is because the occasion says
that it must, tie acted upon now, or not nt all.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the
Senator whether he has taken into considera-
tion the fact i hat this is Saturday, and at twelve
o'clock will he Sunday?
Mr. CONKLING. I have, and also that in
parliamentary calendars there is no Sunday.
) have sat. us the Senator has—I have seen huu
pit—in this Chamber when Sunday was oblit-
eiated not only by a session, but it never ap-
peared in the parliamentary Journal, it was
all Saturday until Monday morning.
Mr. SUMNER. That was the last day of
the session.
Mr CONKLING. It was more than once,
I remind the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. I remember an instance
where, on a bill of an important character,
there was an adjournment between eleven and
twelve o'clock, just as we approached twelve
o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. On the fifteenth amend-
ment bill we got a vote along about eight
o'clock in the morning.
Mr. CONKLING. I have satin the House
for sixty hours of continuous session.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President 
Mr. STOCKTON. I believe the Senator
from Delaware is untitled to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware is entitled to the floor ; buttheChair
understood him to yield to the Senator from
Tennessee.
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 ubruptlygotthefloor from
the Senator from Delaware in the expectation,
of course, that the Senate wouldadjourn atthe
present tune, or at least provide for a night,
session. 1 am well aware that this bill cannot
be properly discussed now. I do not care
irom what section of the country individuals
many come, or what party they may belong
to, this bill is of such great consequence to
Senators from every section of thecountry that
they will necessarily want to discuss it thor-
oughly. It cannot be denied that different
sections of the country occupy different posi-
tions altogether in reference to the provisions
of this bill. What would be politic and alto-
gether proper and necessary in one section
would not at all suit the circumstances of other
sections of the country. I therefore think we
ought to discuss ihebill with some deliberation.
If the Senate wish to meet to-night, I am will-
ing to do so; but at any rate, 1 think at the
present time we ought to adjourn or take a
recess, that we may have our dinners and dis-
cuss the hill properly.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand 
TheV1CEPRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Delaware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. With the leave of the
Senator from Delaware, 1 think I may say, 1
am sure I can say, that there is no disposition
to sit here to-night. I have been urging night
sessions all the week, but now 1 am tired of
them. Suppose we agree now that we will
lake the vote some time on Monday. Let Sen-
ators on the other side fix the hour.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 should like to say one
word. There was a suggestion of physical en-
durance, or something of the kind, thrown out
by the Senatorfrom New York on this subject.
Now, I consider that that was unnecessary,
certainly so far as 1 was concerned. 1 came
here this morning and attended to my duties
in the Committee on Finance, even after the
Seriate had met, during the morning hour.
Then came up this bill, upon which apparently
the Senate was about to vote; a bill of the
greatest gravity; a bill that I should feel my-
self utterly derelict in my duty if I did not
oppose as best I might. " What was that oppo-
sition? It was a tair, open, thoroughly sen-
atorial opposition. I have had no idea .of
defeating this measure by delay. It would have
been absurd for me to suppose it. We have
Ti'e'iriief thfe disposition ntir the pdwer tb' com-
pete with you upon this question of physical
endurance. There was no remark, no idea
further from my mind lhan defeating this bill
by talking upon it at length.
I am well aware that my remarks have very
little influence with the gentlemen who differ
with me in political views m this Chamber. 1
have had good proof of it in talking to empty
desks here; but they must know, as I know,
that they cannot be the guardians of my sense
of duty ; and when 1 do speak it is not to them ;
it is for myself and for those whose doctrines
I represent. I tiust that while my acquaint-
ance with them personally is perhaps of a very
slight character, and of short duration, yet
they will some day find that I never do a thing
indirectly; and that if I do mean to oppose a
bill by long debate I will say so.
There has been nothing in the remarks that
I have submitted to the Senate which justified
the insinuation of the Senatorfrom New York
that 1 was disposed to make this question a
question of physical endurance. He threw
that matter in ; and so far as I am the person
whose debate was interrupted at this time, I
merely mean to say that there was no justifi-
cation for it.
I simply desire to speak fairly and fully upon
this bill. I only regret that I am speaking with
so little effect upon those whose votes, perhaps,
I should like to influence, but whose votes I
am hopeless'of influencing. Certainly it would
not be right to pass this bill without fair debate.
If you propose, by virtue of your superior num-
ber of votes, to compel the minority to go on
and debate it to-night, you have it in your power
to do so; and then if the question of physical
endurance is made, you make it, not we. You
would compel us do one of two things : either
to forsake our dutv here as members of this
body, or yield to the idea that eventually we
must be overcome, because our bodies will
be worn out. 1 should myself be glad if the
Senate were now to adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. Can there be an under-
standing that this vote can be taken on Mon-
day?
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Delaware surrender the floor? If he does,
the Senator from Ohio is recognized.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire
whether we cannot have an understanding that
the vote be taken on this bill on Monday?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not yet understand from the Senator from Del-
aware whether he still retains the floor. If
he does not, the Senator from Ohio is rec-
ognized.
Mr. BAYARD. I will yield to my friend
from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I have
spoken frequently in this body since I have
held a seat here ; but no one can truthfully say
that I have ever occupied one moment of time
merely for the purpose of delaying a measure,
however much I might be opposed to it. I
suppose no one would be unfair enough to say
that this measure, this most extraordinary
measure, brought in here, as I have already
twice before said, eighty-one years after this
Government, was inaugurated, ought not to be
fully discussed. A bill so voluminous, con-
taining so many novel provisions, containing
so many important provisions, reversing the
whole course of the Government upon this
subject—no one will say that it is a waste of
time, or that it is factious to debate such a bill.
Then, as to the time for debating it, I confess
I am surprised to hear it suggested that this
measure is to be debated in a very few hours
and put ofl as if it were some ordinary appro-
priation bill, about which there could be no
contest. I know that the session is running to
a close, and I am anxious that we shall adjourn
on the 15th of July, and I am willing to do any-
thing that is reasonable to facilitate business;
but at the same time I am not willing to forego
the discussion of such a meas'ur'o as this*.
Now, as to the proposition to take the vote
on Monday, we all know that by unanimous
consent the bill to reduce taxation is to be the
unfinished business on Monday. That will
come up at twelve o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. One o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. No; at twelve o'clock,
for we meet at eleven o'clock on Monday, and
the morning hour will end at twelve. I ask
the Chair if I am not right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
meet at eleven o'clock on Monday, and the
morning hour will close at twelve o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. Wemeetateleven o'clock
on Monday, and the morning hour will expire
at twelve o'clock. Then comes up the bill to
reduce taxation, and the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance notified us this very day
that he will not give way for anything on Mon-
day, and we all know that bill must take up
the whole of Monday. Then there is another
thing that immediately follows after that, as
we know, in executive session, a subject that
I only need to allude to. I suppose Senators,
at least those who are in favor of the measure
to which I allude, are not disposed to put that
aside even for this naturalization bill.
Where, then, is the propriety of asking us to
take a vote on Monday, and come here and
debate this measure to night, after we have
sat four nights this week already until nearly
midnight? No, Senators of the majority, give
us one fair day next week, under God's sun-
light, to debate this bill, and we will submit, to
vote at the end of that day; but do not ask us
to vole on it on Monday; give us Tuesday;
let us debate this bill fairly on Tuesday; and
at the end of Tuesday we will agree that you
may take your vote.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senate will agree
to that proposition to take a day to debate this
question—any day most convenient next week.
This is a very important question, and I think
that is a fair proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. Say four o'clock on Tues-
day.
Mr. CONKLING. What day does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts propose?
Mr. WILSON. Monday, or Tuesday, or
Wednesday.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not care whetherit
is Tuesday or Wednesday.
Mr. CONKLING. We cannot get any one
of those days.
Mr, WILSON. Senators on the other side
say they will take the day that is most conven-
ient.
Mr. THURMAN. Any day that is most
convenient to the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I think that is a fair prop-
osition, and we ought to yield to it.
Mr. STEWAIIT. That involves an exten-
sion of the session.
Mr. WILSON. It is only for one day, and
it will be useless to attempt to press this bill
to-night.
Mr. MORTON. There are two previous
orders for Monday, as we all understand. I
object, for one, to having both those orders
set aside this afternoon by an understanding
in a very thin Senate like this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana objects to the various propositions that
have been made, and the Senator from Dela-
ware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FOWLER. I now renew my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope not. All we can
do now is to hold on.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes IS, noes 26.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope some arrangement
will be made by which this vote cau be taken
on Monday or Tuesday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will withdraw his. objection to the
arrangement.
