3898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
andoall took and burned twenty-five of our
whaling-vessels north of Behring's strait. In
a single year, the year 1849-50, we brought
home to this country from beyond Behring's
strait $8,000,000 worth of these articles; and
the whaling-ground whence that whale oil and
whalebone were taken was discovered by a
tender of one of the Arctic expeditions. The
tender was left there at the straits while the
principal vessel sailed northward on a voy-
age of discovery, and while at the straits it
went within the straits and discovered this
whaling-ground and reported the same to cer-
tain vessels employed in whaling near the
straits', and they went in and filled their ves-
sels with a very valuable cargo. The next year
vessels went out from different ports in Massa-
chusetts and brought home $8,000,000 worth
of oil and whalebone. Now, sir, the proceeds
of that oil and that whalebone in that single
year would more than pay for every expedition
which has been sent out to the north pole.
Why, sir, Iceland, which is only one hundred
and thirty-eight miles west of Greenland, has
forty thousand square miles, and contains a
population of seventy thousand people engaged
in various kinds of agriculture. Greenland in
1864 had a trade in whale oil amounting to
$400,000. Now, this looked at in an econom-
ical point of view would-be a profitable invest-
ment. Of course there are other grounds,
higher grounds, on which it could be put—
those of scientific discovery.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, without
doubt the statistics furnished by the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire are both inter-
esting and instructive; and I am very happy
to notice that a member of this body is so well
posted upon these matters; but I do not under-
stand that the money which is asked for in this
amendment is to be applied to the prosecution
of the whale fishery. The money which is
asked for is to be applied in fitting out and
conducting an expedition for the discovery of
the north pole. It has nothing to do with the
whale fishery. The biggest whale we have
caught in the North sea was Alaska—it may
not be the most oily one to us in the end—but
at all events, as is remarked to me by the hon-
orable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,]
there is a good deal of blubber in it. [Laugh-
ter.] I am very well content with the capture
of that whale. I voted to catch it, [laughter,]
and I shall vote to keep it as long as the man
who bought an elephant could keep him, at
least; but I am not inclined to go in search
of the north pole any more.
Not many years since, I think about 1850,
the Government fitted out an expedition under
the direction of Dr. Kane for this same pur-
pose, the only result of which was a very read-
able and interesting narrative by the Doctor,
which was circulated very generally among the
people of the United States, and in his death
in consequence of the exposure and fatigue of
the voyage. But that resulted, if I recollect
rightly, in nothing that was advantageous to the
United States. The Doctor in his book relates,
if I remember correctly, that this same Dr.
Hayes, in whose behalf this appropriation is
now asked 
Several Senators. Captain Hall.
Mr. SUMNER. Both.
Mr. HOWARD. At all events, it was one
of the subordinates of Dr. Kane who pressed
forward his explorations into the icy regions of
the North so far that he supposed he had dis-
covered an open sea not far from thenorth pole.
But unfortunately fur him and his fame and for
the cause of science, he seemed not to have for-
titude and perseverance enough to go forward
actually and find this open sea, but turned
about on his heel and came back as best he
could, leaving the actual fact of an open sea in
the arGtic regions a matter still in doubt. I
suppose that this expedition is probably to be
fitted out with a view to verify that great fact
of an open sea; is it not ? Is not that the
expectation of the honorable Senator from
Vermont?
Mr. MORRILL, of "Vermont. I have not
any " great expectations " about it.
Mr. HOWARD. I knew the honorable Sen-
ator had no great expectation's about it; nor
have I. It will gratify the taste of the man-
agers of this voyage and his attendants ; it will
enable them to see a great many curious things
in the Arctic ocean and to write another book
which will be equally interesting, perhaps, with
that of Dr. Sane to the young misses and the
young gentlemen in the United States, and
perhaps to the cause of science generally; but
I do not think that "the game is worth the can-
dle," to use a homely expression, and I shall
therefore vote against this appropriation.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, there is nothing
that is to be new that we now positively see
beforehand. The people of the world once
believed that the world -was flat; it took science
to discover that it was a globe. There seemed
to be few this morning who thought there
would be a removal of the capital, but I say
that will be history before long. The time
was when no one believed that slavery would
be abolished; ten feeble votes in the Senate
of the United States constituted the minority
on that question. When Columbus went from
throne to throne and said there was land on
the west of the Atlantic, they said, "No; we
will not give you money for such a vain and fool-
ish chimera," and he was dependent finally on
the charity of a woman, who was willing to
encourage him to try the experiment; and he
found land, this land where this proud capital
stands, this mighty land which is the wonder
of the nations of the world.
I remember very well when a predecessor
of mine, Governor Reynolds,oflllinois,opposed
the construction of the Illinois and Miohigan
canal because he said it would not be con-
structed a year before the damned Yankees
would be in Illinois ; my friend from Massa-
chusetts will excuse me for using the language.
Afterward when it was proposed to him to
recommend to Congress an exploration of the
north pole, or to find what was then called
Symmes'sHole, "Why,"saidhe, "iftherehad
been any Symmes's Hole the Yankees would
have had awagon-road through it before now."
[Laughter.] That seems to illustrate the idea
which prevails now. This $100,000 is a na-
tional contribution to science. Our own globe
is not explored. We do not know every nook
and corner of this globe we inhabit; we do not
know its relation to other globes. Sir, for the
benefit ofscienceand for thebenefit of the Amer-
ican people, and for the innumerable benefits
which may result, I favor this appropriation.
There is no Government that is worth the name
of a Government that does not appropriate for
discoveries for science and for the enlighten-
ment of their people on these questions. It is
upon this principle that I have voted all the
time for a national bureau of education ; it is
upon this principle that I vote for this appro-
priation cheerfully, because it may add great
and grand results to our history in the future,
and the men who now oppose it may be ashamed
of their record when they come to see what
these final discoveries may result in.
Mr. President, I vote for this appropriation
far more cheerfully than I have done for any
appropriation that has been made by Congress.
A laugh and a sneer about the discovery of the
north pole may suit gentlemen, but that is not
the part of men of literature, of science, and
of discovery.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
remind the Senator that his five minutes have
expired.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator from Illinois a question. When he
was last up, speaking on the appropriation for
an extension ot the Capitol grounds, he warned
the public men of the West who might vote
for that extension that they would never come
here again. What effect does the north pole
appropriation have in that respect?
Mr. YATES. Of course the President will
allow me to answer the question. It will have
the effect1 to enlighten the Senator when he
goes among his constituents, that the capital
of the United States is to be in the valley of
the Mississippi. It will have that effect.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, this appro-
priation is for the exploration of the Arctic
ocean; it is not merely for the discovery of the
north pole, nor to bring it back here as a lib-
erty pole; but it is to explore and examine
that ocean, in order to make a proper chart of
one of the fields of the commercial enterprise
of this country. This sea is the field of the
business of whaling, of seeking whale oil and
whalebone, and in some years there have been
six, eight, or nine million dollars of capital
invested in the shipping which was employed
in those seas, and a number of men exceeding
four thousand employed in those seas in these
enterprises. This expedition is for the purpose
of developing the hydrographic facts in those
seas. The dangers of navigation there at this
time are such.that about one twentieth of all the
vessels thatare engaged in the trade are wrecked
from an imperfect knowledge of the character
of the ocean bed, the want of knowledge of
proper harbors of refuge; and many wrecks
occur which would' not occur but for this fact.
I find that in the year 1849 $8,070,620 was
the value of the ships and the outfit of ships
for taking whale oil and whalebone in these
seas. In 1850 it was over nine million dol-
lars. Indeed, the commerce of the United
States which finds its employment in the Arc-
tic ocean, in the very field of this expedition,
is of more value than the whole of the Ameri-
can commerce with what is known as the East;
and yet we haggle here about an appropriation
of $100,000 to save these ships from wreck
and to make the American contribution to
this subject of such vast scientific importance.
I hope, Mr. President, that we shall, for the
credit of the American Senate and for the credit
of the American people, give to the cause of
science this small contribution.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I have lis-
tened to the discussion on this subject for some
reason to justify me in voting for this appro-
priation. Now, if anything definite, anything
amounting to a valid reason for an appropri-
ation of this kind were given, I should cer-
tainly vote for it. _ I am willing to vote for
almost any appropriation to go for the purpose
of discovering things of science not yet ex-
plored. It does not seem to me that the Arctic
region or the region of the north pole is at all
a favorable one for scientific experiment. I
certainly can ^ee other fields where science
may be much better developed and much more
profitably than there. So far as the utility of
discovering the character of these seas and
mapping them is concerned, this appropri-
ation is wholly useless. It will not amount
to anything for the purpose of providing charts
to save the whalers who visit that region con-
stantly. That requires larger appropriations,
a greater length of time and surveys than can
ever be made for $100,000.
It seems to me, from all I have heard on the
subject, that the sole object of this expedition
is simply to gratify the wish of a very enthu-
siastic and I believe a very accomplished gen-
tleman to visif the north pole. He thinks that
by the use of the dogs he can obtain, and eating
blubber, he can travel as readily as he can in
our own country. There is nothing in that
region worth discovering except perhaps some
beautiful visions which they will have ; and it
will furnish an opportunity to this gentleman
to write, perhaps, a very interesting book. So
far as the whale fields are concerned, they have
been discovered and will be discovered better
by our own enterprising seamen than by any
possible expedition that can be fitted out for
this money.
