52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Admission of Virginia—Mr. Winchester.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
over the country. Bat to-day the policy is a
reduction of expenditures, that thereby at this
end of the avenue the people may be relieved
from the burdens of taxation and that at the
other end of the avenue the public debt may
be paid.
Sir, it is from this view of the case, belies
ing this to be a test question, that i shall be
compelled to move to lay thfiP bill upon the
table, and to call the yeas and nays, so that the
people may know who will stand up in this
House and oppose this attempt to curtail the
expenditures of the Government. i do not,
however, propose to do it until my friend shal [
have an opportunity to debate his bill as fully
as he desires; but then, sir, with the declara-
tion that this is but to prepare the way for an ap-
propriation already estimated for of $800,000
to begin a public work which the necessities of
the service do not require, I shall ask the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay on the table.
Admission of Virginia.
SPEECH OF HON. BOYD WINCHESTER,
01? KENTUCKY,
In the House op Representatives,
January 14, 1870.
The House haying under consideration the bill
(H. II. No. 783) to admit the State of Virginia to
representation in the Congress of the United States-
Mr. WINCHESTER said:
Mr. Speaker : I thank my colleague [Mr
Beck] for the few minutes granted to me. 1
am gratified to have the opportunity to enter
my protest, feeble as it may be, against the
extraordinary and most dangerous usurpation
oi power involved in the bill now under con-
sideration. It does violence to every limita-
tion contained in the Constitution ; it is a com-
pound of malignity and bad faith ; it has no
parallel even in the revolutionary legislation
of the past four years !
During the first session of the Forty-First
Congress last March President Grant sent in a
special message, which had the effect finally of
securing the passage of a bill, which provided
that the States of Virginia, Mississippi, and
lexas might submit their constitutions to the
votes of their citizens registered at the date of
said submission for ratification or rejection,
elect State officers and members of Congress,
accompanied with a virtual pledge of their ad-
mission into the Union upon a compliance with
this law and the ratification of the fifteenth
amendment. The election was held in Vir-
ginia, and General Canby reported the consti-
tution adopted by a majority of 201,441 votes.
•J j LeS's'ature elected was convened, and
guided by the advice of Attorney General
Hoar, understood to be indorsed by the Presi-
dent, proceeded to elect two United States
senators and ratify the fifteenth amendment.
All the requisitions of Congress, unjust and
unequal as they were, have been strictly com-
plied with. All the conditions, wrongfully
imposed as they were, have been scrupulously
iulhlled, that there might be no excuse or
pretext for her further exclusion. Having
thus observed all the conditions-precedent of
restoration, she has a right to call upon Con-
gress to ooserve and keep the stipulations on
its part. Is she to be compelled to pass again
beneath the bow and spear of the captor,"
to learn of new terms that are to be demanded?
Is Congress thus wantonly to sport with and
disappoint expectations which itself had author-
ized 1 Shall supplication only serve to render
power more ferocious? Shall promises, how-
ever solemnly made and declared, prove but
the silk jacket to the gauntleted hand?
infliction of any further exactions
on Virginia will not only be a palpable viola-
tion m itself of the Constitution, but a shameful
breach of faith. The South in laying down
her arms, accepting the situation, and express-
ing an honest willingness to renew her alle-
giance to the Government and the Constitution
of the United States, did not covenant to obey
the boundless behests of the party in power.
Yet this is the sinequa non which States as yet
unreconstructed are compelled to accept before
they can be restored to the Union ; the victims
of an atrocious political jugglery that is ready
upon every occasion to reckon a State either
as a State or non-State according as her being
reckoned the one or the other subserves the
partisan purpose of the hour.
"Patriotism," says Gibbon in one of his
chapters ©n the Decline and Fall of the Roman
Empire, "is that sense of common interest
which men feel in the preservation of a Gov-
ernment of whose liberties they are common
partakers;" but modern political philosophy
declares patriotism to be an undying attach-
ment to the Radical party, and loyalty an un-
questioned devotion to its interests. The pol-
icy of Congress in dealing with the southern
States has been as illogical as it has been per-
fidious. Why the necessity of an act of Con-
gress to admit Virginia to representation ? The
mere _ temporary abeyance or suspension of
the right, from the exigency of the war, was
no forfeiture. The people of the revolting
States never ceased to be citizens because they
failed to effect their forcible expatriation, and
therefore were entitled to the right of local
self-government the moment the rebellion
ceased. " No State," says Mr. Lincoln in his
Inaugural,'' can lawfully get out of the Union."
It may pretend to secede, but it is still in the
Union, and there it must remain. The war
was waged to establish this principle. After
all opposition was annihilated and the victory
complete, Congress did not put forth its hand
to gather the glorious fruit, but turned around
and declared the seceding States out of the
Union and not entitled to representation, and
that there they should remain until brought in
under suitable conditions and penalties. If,
indeed, it had not been as impotent to con-
struct as it has shown itself mighty to destroy,
the Union would long since have been restored.
This would not have suited its instinct for mis-
chief. Four years of war conducted on the
principle that "no State" was out of the
Union, and four years of equally ruinous legis-
lation proceeding on a directly opposite as-
sumption, has verified the truth of our own
historian, Prescott, who says:
"The bloody pages of history attest the fact that
lanatieiam armed with power is the worst evil that
can befall a nation.
Sir, in point of law and in point of fact Vir-
ginia is within the Federal Union to-day as
truly as she ever was. Admit that she is a
State, which no one will gainsay I presume, and
her right to representation is legally irresist-
ible. She holds it directly from the Consti-
tution. Even if Congress possessed the power
to put States out of the Union, they would
retain their Federal rights until the power had
been duly exercised. It requires a regular
law, approved by'the President or passed over
u^s veto, to admit a State; and it would require
the same to expel one, if expulsion were consti-
tutionally possible. Hamilton wrote, in 1802:
The creation of a new State has been very perti-
nently mentioned as a decisive instance of a power
in'eVocable' t0 a tWne wWeh' beiBS d°ne-  
It being therefore, sir, impossible to put a
State out of the Union, it is impossible to di-
vest it of its right to representation. Being a
State it is entitled to two Senators and at least
one Representative, of which not even the
amending power cau deprive it without its con-
sent. Mr. Speaker, I am painfully aware, sir,
that gentlemen on the other side of the House
have long since ignored and contemptuously
disregarded the fact that Congress is a body
of limited powers, holding no authority what-
ever that is not derivative, and incapable of
exercising any legitimate power except that
which is strictly defined; that it is no longer
a Congress of defined powers, but " as omnip-
otent as the Parliament of Great Britain;" the
Constitution a Protean puppet of party; a wild
and furious partisan will the supreme exponent
of right and law. They have been unwill-
ing to see and comprehend that these limita-
tions were essential to liberty itself, and that
concentrating power into one central Govern-
ment over so vast a country, with such a vari-
ety of institutions and industrial pursuits, must
necessarily produce a strife of sections and the
most fearful and irresponsible despotism. They
have, in the language of Burke,'' changed from
an immediate state of procuration and delega-
tion to a course of acting as from original
power;" the way, he truly adds, "in which
all popular magistracies^ the world have been
perverted from their purposes."
Mr. Speaker, whence comes the power of
Congress to impose fundamental conditions on
incoming States, and that they shall be irrevo-
cable? Whence comes the power of Congress
to dictate the provisions of a State constitution
further than it shall be " republican inform?"
What power has Congress to incorporate into
the constitution of any State any other oath
than the one which the State itself prescribes?
These are grave questions. How have they
been met and answered? The distinguished
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] who
seems to have been assigned the especial cham-
pionship of the bill, with his characteristic bold-
ness and commendable frankness, has told us
that—
X am resolved to spare no effort to secure ajust
but vigorous exercise of that new power of Congress,
the inauguration of which in our day has marked
the commencement of a now era in the history of
this Government; that new power which the crimes
of southern rebels and their northern allies have
forced the people of these United States to conter
upon the national Government for the preservation
of the lives and liberties of the citizens ; that power
which enables Congress, by appropriate legislation,
to enforce the thirteenth and fourteenth amend-
ments of the Constitution of the United States, being
itself sole judge of what that appropriate legislation
is, and responsible lor that judgment only to the
people; that power which enables Congress to cross
the borders of Virginia or any other State with the
naming sword of the Republic to cut up slavery by
the roots, to guard the privileges and immunities of
citizens of the United States, to defend the lives, lib-
erties, and property of the people imperiled without
due process of law, to secure to all the equal protec-
tion 01 the laws, to scourge from his seat everyiinpu-
dent usurper who crawls into State or Federal office
in defiance of the third section of the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United States,
and to crush any and every attempt to question the
public debt oi the nation or to pay any debt incurred
m aid of the rebellion. Formerly an earnest advo-
cate oi the rights of the States, I now accept the sit-
uation into whieh I have been forced by the crimes
of northern and southern traitors. I now consent
to an increase of the Federal power to which before
the war I could not have consented. I see that our
(government is now in a transition state."
I thank him for his manly admission ; but I
say to him that this '1 new power of Congress ''
may force these States to be brought in as
emasculated States, with pseudo-constitutions
forbidding them throughout all the coming
ages to regulate for themselves their domestic
affairs as they are regulated by the States of
the North ; but, sir—
"A breath can unmake them as a breath has made
constitutions will not, when limbs
shall be as free as souls are, be worth the
paper and ink they degrade and desecrate. No
human power except such as should annihilate
populations can prevent it. It is an attempt
r«?Ltie h|F.uP for an "eternity of control."
•if ^ons are mere nullities, and if passed
"Will have no binding force. Congress has no
right to exact them. The State cannot bind
posterity by accepting them. It is simply a
malignant attempt to strike down an inalien-
able rignt, but without any ability to give per-
manent effect to the blow. In the eloquent
