1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
from the Congressional Printer's last report
and from the appropriations for the present
fiscal year, to which is only added the estimate
to which I have before alluded:
Whole expense of Government Printing Office for
the year ending June 30,1869, as per official re-
port $1,507,240 69
Aggregate appropriations for Congres-
sional Globe, including additional
compensation to reporters, as found on
pages 58 and 155, Laws third session
Fortieth, and first session Forty-First
Congresses-   89,662 00
Estimated postal value of matter carried
by frank of members of Congress  393,014 12
Total $1,9S9,946 81
How much of the cost of public printing would
be cut off by the discontinuance of free matter
in the mails it is difficult to estimate. If the
publication of the agricultural and mechanical
reports was continued, the reduction would be
comparatively small. This is not the time nor
the occasion to discuss the merits of these re.
ports. Their popularity may be judged by the
fact that members cannot supply one fourth the
demand for them. From the agricultural re-
ports the men who till the soil and turn up
wealth at the point of the plowshare have
derived a fund of valuable information, while
the mechanical reports have doubtless fur-
nished many ideas and suggestions to inventors,
that class of citizens who have taught machinery
to work like a thing of intelligence and con-
tribute to the comfort of man. The following
table will show the cost of three books that
load the mails beyond all others:
Cost of agricultural reports one year $131,086 85
Cost of mechanical report one year  212,010 72
Cost of binding Congressional Globes one
year   71,503 20
Total coat of the three books   $414,600 77
It is only necessary to add that the cost of
all the printing ordered by both Houses of
Congress amounted to $5-59.495 86 ; the bal-
ance of the expense incurred by the Govern-
ment printing being almost exclusively by the
order of the Executive Departments. If, there-
fore, all the printing done for Congress could
be prevented by the abolition of the franking
system, as well as the entire cost of sending the
matter franked by members, the total saving
would amount to about nine hundred thousand
dollars.
The Postmaster General, in my judgment,
totally misapprehends the cause of the con-
tinual deficits in his Department. It is not
that he carries free matter, but because his
mails necessarily traverse a territory almost
unlimited in extent, and penetrate forests and
plains almost untrodden by the feet of civilized
men. In such localities, where the mails go
in the vanguard of American civilization, they
impose additional expense, but do not bring
increased receipts. Ihis is the cause of " the
chronic bankruptcy" from which he proposes to
relieve his Department, if this Congress shall
conform to his recommendations by abolishing
the franking privilege. He forgets that the
only year within its history in which its receipts
exceeded its expenditures was the year ending
June 30, 1865, during which year the matter
sent under the frank of " the privileged class"
kept company with millions of soldiers' letters
that never reached their destination, where,
by the terms of the law, postage was to have
been collected, and which therefore were a tax
on the postal revenues. His Department was
then relieved from the burden of supplying
mails to the late rebellious States; and this is
the reason why it became self-sustaining. His
predecessor took a more comprehensive view
of this case. With a clearness of conception
which the present incumbent does not seem
to have had, he lays out before us the real
cause of bankruptcy in the Post Office estab-
lishment.
I quote this clear statement of the late Post-
master General Randall, in conjunction with
the proposition of the present incumbent to
make the Department self-sustaining by the
discontinuance of free matter. Governor Ran-
dall says:
" The idea that the Post Office Department can be
self-sustaining, in the present condition of the coun-
try, is absurd. It cannot be, and ought not to be
for fifty years to come. The revenues will largely
inorease, and so will expenditures. Ten years hence
I estimate the expenses of the Post Office Depart-
ment at $40,000,000, and the revenues at $30,000,000.
This increase must go on as long as the country pros-
pers, and mineral, agricultural, and commercial
business increases. The mines are not yet all devel-
oped. The lands are not all cultivated. The rivers
are not all navigated. The railroads are not all sur-
veyed. The cities are not all built. The sea has not
given us all we have a right to exact. Our country
is not finished. Until it is finished, he is not a wise
nor a sagacious man who assumes that the postal
service will pay for itself."
Now, I am almost done with figures and
with the whole subject. I have been requested
privately by gentlemen to say something of the
cost of printing and sending out blank peti-
tions and circulars by the Post Office Depart-
ment to call public attention to the abolition
of the franking privilege. This information
has been called for by aresolution of the House.
It will doubtless reach us in a few days. But
I will say that a memorandum made out from
the books of the Congressional Printer, not by
him but by other parties, shows that there were
printed at the request of the Postmaster Gen-
eral—
200,000 monthly accounts of free matter, cost-.
ing $1,149 08
75,000 petitions for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege  403 63
28,000 circulars accompanying the same  95 53
Total   SI,648 24
If gentlemen want to arrive at the further
cost of getting these blanks oat to the country
they can figure for themselves. They can esti-
mate that the envelopes in which they were
sent probably cost fifteen hundred dollars, and
that if postage had been paid on them instead
of sending them under the frank of an officer
who was only authorized to frank official corre-
spondence, the whole cost, including the post-
age, would probably go over twenty thousand
dollars, or at the rate of about one dollar per
head for the crop of petitioners who were thus
gathered.
One more allusion to the Postmaster Gen-
eral's report and I will close. He says that—
"An unburdened press, managed and directed by
private enterprise, can do more than Congress to
enlighten the masses. Better far that the franking
privilege should be abolished, and that all news-
papers sent to regular and bona fide subscribers from
a known office of publication should be carried free,
without regard to weight, throughout the United
States, as now throughout the county where pub-
lished."
The newspapers understood this to mean a
cry for help, and they promptly responded.
First to pay him their respects was the country
press, who joined their more pretentious city
neighbors in railing out against the injustice of
making all pay for the benefits that accrue to a
few. It was a dangerous doctrine for them to
preach. Carried into practice it required that
all their exchanges should be subject to post-
age, and that weeklies should not go free in the
mails to subscribers in the county of their pub-
lication. I believed when the bill was pending
in the House, that justice to the press, through
which intelligence must continue to reach the
people, requiredacontinuance offormerfavors.
It is no betrayal of secrets to say that I tried
in committee to preserve the present provisions
of law in regard to the reciprocal interchange
of newspapers and periodicals between pub-
lishers, and to permit weekly newspapers to
reach their subscribers free of postage in the
county of their publication. But the commit-
tee could see no difference between matter that
was carried by the license of a frank and that
which went free without a frank. The press
had recognized no such distinction, but had
cried aloud for a radical change. Its whole
prayer, backed by that of the people who peti-
tioned Congress, was fully answered by this
House in the indication of its purpose to clear
the mails of ever.y species of dead-head matter.
But 1 offer my contribution in behalf of the
country press, which, if the bill passed here
shall be sanctioned by the Senate, must suffer
in all localities where it exists, and be broken
down in many. It cannot compete success-
fully with its wealthier city contemporaries in
the absence of special privileges. Essential
justice to a most valuable and necessary me-
dium of local information demands some back
action on the part of the House if the Senate
shall afford the opportunity.
Now, Mr. Speaker, my task is completed.
I started out to prove that the Postmaster
General, not intentionally but in fact, had mis-
led the people as to the cost of the franking
privilege. Those who have listened to me can
judge whether or not I have succeeded. I did
not intend to antagonize his proposition, only
to insist that it was unnecessarily magnified
into gigantic proportions. The franking privi-
lege ought to be abolished because the people
seem to demand it, because it is anti demo-
cratic, because it imposes on its possessor pro-
digious labor without corresponding benefits,
and because its abolition would save a con-
siderable sum of money which ought to be
applied to the liquidation of the public debt
and the relief of the people from the burden
\ of taxation.
NATIONAL POLITICS.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to speak
to the subject of the condition of the country
as one representing a constituency which in its
varied character of agricultural, commercial,
and manufacturing, may be said to be neither
too fast or progressive, nor slow or reactionary.
As a whole, the population of the State of Dela-
ware, being composed of different elements in
the avocations of life, it may therefore be pred-
icated of her people that the drift of her polit-
ical feelings is in the direction of just means to
ends, or a sound conservatism. If it is not so
it should be, regarding the traditional fame of
its statesmen. There is safety in moderation
of temper, and in a disposition to resist violent
changes subversive of the true democratic or
true republican principles upon which our
early policy was based and has been until very
late years mainly administered. The State of
Delaware, Mr. Speaker, has been called little
because of the smallness of her territory and
of her population ; but she was ever great in
her statesmen, one of whom, in thought of
revolutionary memories, offered the generous
sentiment, " Honor to the blue hen's chicken
and success to all her brood."
Proud as are the people of Delaware of their
place in history, either in war or the civil ser-
vice of their country, it begins to be a question
with them whether they may not long continue
to hold superior rank in the elements of na-
tional greatness to several of the States of the
Union. This may safely be predicted in view
of the fact that a very large percentage of
i the European immigrating element remains
! upon the Atlantic slope of the continent, that
a great city is growing up in her midst, and
| that two vast commercial emporiums are within
her immediate borders ; the one at the North,
the other at the South; all make heavy demands
upon the agriculture of the State which bids
fair to result in cultivating every foot of its pro-
ductive soil.
In view, then, Mr. Speaker, of the honored
1 history of the State, its solid conservative an-
tecedents, and its condition of much prosperity,
with high hope of the future, my constituency
1 yield to no other in passionate attachment to
! a country which should be "best loved when
I worst governed," and when " patriotism should
rise as a country sinks." So feeling, they hold
out their hands and implore the dominant
I party in the councils of the nation to stay the
passions born of war and strife, and seek to
hush them to rest and peace. '' Let us have
peace" indeed, and not an everlasting fanat-
ical and sectional crusade in wrong, by act
