1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2955
of said sections originally made and now on
file in the General Land Office. The respect-
ive jurisdictions of the State and Territory
named, and of the United States, shall extend
to and overall of the territory within their lim-
its, according to the line herein designated, to
all intents and purposes as fully apd completely
as if no change had taken place in the channel ;
of the Missouri river. And the Secretary of
the Interior is authorized and required to cause
to be made all necessary surveys and meander-
ings, and to order the transfer of all plats,
papers, and documents which may be neces-
sary in the premises.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed. '
GEORGE ¥. WERBORN.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 189) to enable the
Court of Claims to hear and determine the
claim of George F. Werborn, a subject of the !
king of Prussia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That I must object to.
I have no objection to action upon it; but the
case comes within the precise terms of the act
of 1868, which we passed applying to subjects
of all foreign nations alike. If we seized his
property, cotton in the warehouse at Mobile,
illegally, he stands precisely on the same
ground with subjects of other foreign Govern-
ments, and we cannot go beyond that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 think we ought to pro-
ceed upon some principle in these cases.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is going to be debated
I shall object.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make a sug-
gestion. I doubt very much the propriety of
passing the other bill in relation to Diekleman,
although at this time that is not debatable; but
we have passed a law which provides that the
citizens of Prussia shall have the same rights
in tbe United States that our citizens have in
the kingdom of Prussia; and if that is not
satisfactory to foreigners then it seems to me
they ought to make some treaty by which their
rights will be protected. But I predict that
this action to-day in reference to these bills
* will open the door to innumerable applications
on the part of foreigners for admission to the
Court of Claims on account of property taken,
injured, or destroyed daring the war. If we
open the door to Prussians we must to English-
men and all subjects of foreign coantries. It
seems to me these matters ought to be arrauged
by treaty between the United States and Prus-
sia, or in some other way.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. This is clearly distinguish-
able from the other case, I admit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and the joint resolution will be laid
over.
OSAGE INDIAN RESERVATION.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 686) to provide for the sale and dispo-
sition of the Great and Little Osage reserva-
tion in the State of Kansas, to remove the
Osage Indians to the Indian territory, and for
other purposes.
Mr. POME ROY. The same bill with another
number has been objected to. That was re-
ported from a committee and this is not. I
move that this bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
COLORADO PROBATE COURTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
. (H. R. No. 840) amendatory of the organic
law of Colorado Territory, and for other pur-
poses.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which had been reported by Ihe
Committee on Territories with an amendment
to strike out all after the enacting clause and
insert:
That the organic law of tbe Territory of Colorado
be, and the same is hereby, so far amended that an
appeal shall be allowed from any final order, judg-
ment, or decree of any probate court in said Terri-
tory to the district court of the district within which
such probate court is held, under such proper regu-
lations as shall be prescribed by the law of said Ter-
ritory, and hereafter no writ or error or appeal shall
be allowed from any decision of a probate court di-
rectly to the supreme court of said Territory.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Legisla-
tive Assembly of said Territory may, by general
incorporation laws, authorize persons to associate
themselves together as bodies-corporate for charita-
ble or educational purposes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senateas amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time.
- The bill was read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE yr. TARLETON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 582) for the relief of George W. Tarle-
ton; which was read the second time and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill is a direction to the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to George W. Tarleton $414 45,
that being the sum paid under order of the
district court of the northern district of New
York to the United States depositary at Buf-
falo, as the distributive share of the United
States in the proceeds of the sale of Tarleton's
property, made under a judgment of forfeiture
pronounced by that court, which judgment was
subsequently vacated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Indiana who reported the bill
to explain in a word, whether this judgment
was vacated by judicial proceedings or by mere
favor.
Mr. PRATT. There were due judicial pro-
ceedings had in the northern district of New
York, while Mr. Tarleton was in the South, and
I believe was in a rebel prison. At all events
there was no notice whatever cotiveyed ta him
ofthosejudicial proceedings. As soon as he was
able to get North he applied at once to the conrt
to open the judgment and to be allowed to de-
fend. He put on file his answer of general
denial to the charge of disloyalty. The court
heard the proofs and set aside the judgment;
but in the mean time his property had been
sold under the original judgment, and sold at a
great sacrifice. This $414 is the result of the
distribution ; it is the money in the Treasury
of the United States.
Mr. EDM.UNDS. I am satisfied in learning
that the vacation of the judgment was upon
regular judicial proceedings.
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir; both the records
were before me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is enough.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
BILLS OBJECTED TO.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 560) to incorporate the National Pav-
ing Company of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know anything
about this. I think it had better be passed
over.
Mr. HOWARD. Let it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
Mr. POMEROY. At tbe request of the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] who un-
derstands this bill, I withdraw my objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Michigan, who also objected, withdraw
his objection?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Seoretary
will report the next bill.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 447) to incorporate the Missouri, Kan-
sas, and Texas Railway Company. !
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have this !
bill considered, for the rfeason that parties who I
are building this road want to consolidate two
companies. Tbe laborers have got down to the
State line, and the two companies want to con-
solidate.
Mr. DRAKE. Let the bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE LANDS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 325) amendatory of an act entitled
"An act to further provide for giving effect to
the various grants of public lands to the State
of Nevada," approved June 8, 1868.
There being no objeetion, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to amend the
fourth section of the act of June 8," 1868, so as
to read :
And be t( further enacted. That the lands granted
I to the State of Californiafor the establishment of an
j agricultural college by the act of July 2,1862, and acts
| amendatory thereto, may be selected by said State
! from any lands within said State subject to preemp-
I tion or sale, in legal subdivisions adjoining by sides,
in bodies of not less than one hundred and sixty
acres: Provided, That this privilege shall not extend
to lands upon which there may be rightful claims
under the preemption and homestead laws, nor to
mineral lands: And provided further, That if lands
be selected as aforesaid, the minimum price of which
is $2 50 per acre, they shall be taken acre for acre in
part satisfaction of the grant, and the State of Cali-
fornia shall pay to the United States the sum of $1 25
per acre for each aore so selected, when the same
ehall be patented to the State by the U uiteci States:
Provided further, That where lands sought to bo
selected for the agricultural college are timbered
land3 and unsurveyed, the proper authorities of the
State shall file a statement to that effect with the
register of the United States land office, describing
the land by township and range, and shall make
application to the United States surveyor general
for a survey of the same, the expenses of tbe survey
for field work to be paid by the State, provided there
be no appropriation by Congress for that purpose.
TheUniied States surveyor general, as soon as prac-
ticable, shall have the said lands surveyed and. the
township plats returned to the United States land
! office, and lands so surveyed and returned shall for
. thirty days after the tiling of the plats in the United
, States land office be held exclusively for location for
the agricultural college; and within said thirty days
; the proper authorities ot the State shall make appli-
cation to the United States land office for tbe lands
, sought to be located by sections and parts of sections:
Provided, That any rights under the preemption or
homestead laws acquired prior to the filing of the
required statement with the United States register
shall not be impaired or affected by this act: And
provided further. That such selectioos shall be made
in every other respect subject to the conditions,
restrictions, and limitations contained in the acts
hereby modified.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments. Tbe first amend-
ment was to strike out,after the word "pre-
emption," in line eleven, the following words :
"or sale, in legal subdivisions adjoining by
sides in bodies, of not less than one hundred
and sixty acres," and in lieu thereof to insert:
Settlement, entry, sale, or location under any laws
of the United States. Such selections may be made
in any legal subdivisions, adjoinining by sides, so as
to constitute bodies of not less than one hundred and
sixty acres; or they may be made in separate sub-
divisions of forty, eighty, or one hundred and twenty
acres, respectively.
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from California why he puts in the
provision that the State of California shall pay
back ? Why do you not let them take half the
number of acres ? It seems to me 
Mr. COLE. I have an amendment that will
cover that case.
Mr. CASSERLY. Suppose the Senator
allows the Secretary to get through with the
amendments of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment that has been read.
Mr. HARLAN, I object to that amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Iowa
perhaps is not aware that the only effect of the
amendment is to permit the university to select
its lands from any lands of the United States
within the State of California. It does not
subject any lands to settlement, entry, sale, or
location which are not now so subject.
Mr. HARLAN. I may not have understood
correctly the reading of the amendment by the
Clerk; but I understood him to read that this
