1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
4843
Mr. FOWLER. I move that next Tuesday
be appointed for the discussion atid decision
of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
unanimous consent. The Senator from Ten-
nessee asks unanimous consent that Tuesday,
after the morning hour, may be set apart for
the consideration of this bill.
Mr. OONKL1NG. I try as hard as I can to
hear; bat with so many gentlemen talking I
do not hear what the Chair says or what the
Senator from Tennessee says.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Tennessee suggests that Tuesday next be set
apart by unanimous consent for the consider-
ation of this bill. The Chair did not under-
stand liitn to lix any precise time when the vote
should be taken.
Mr. BAYARD. Any time in the afternoon.
Mr. CORBEL'I'. Five o'clock.
Mr. G'ONKLING. What is the proposition?
Mr. FOWLER. To set apart Tuesday for
the consideration of this bill, and to take the
vote at Live o'clock, at any rate.
Mr. MORl'ON. I think that would interfere
with what we understand to be the important
ariangeuients of ihe Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana objects.
Mr. MORI ON Let me make a suggestion
to my friend from New York. There is busi-
ness before the Senate that will probably take
the most of next week, as has been said here
within a few minutes. Let us have an under-
standing that on next, Fiiday or next Saturday,
one week from this time, we shall take up this
bill at, twelve o'clock, by unanimous consent,
and dispose of it.
Mr. THUllMAN. I agree to that.
Mr. STEWART. And vote at what hour ?
Mr. THURMAN. At five o'clock.
Mr. MORTON. I do not say that we shall
act at, once, but that we shall take it up then
and debate it.
Mr. CONKLING-. That is what I was wait-
ing to hear. Everybody will see that that is a
proposition to postpone the present status for
one week, and when that week has expired we
shall be precisely where we are now. I have
no choice of the day. so that it be not so late
as to jeopard the ultimate fate of the meas-
ure ; but it' we are to postpone this bill, let us,
as the Senator fiom Tennessee suggested, lix
a time when its consideration, shall end, and
not merely a time when it shall begin. Now,
if we can have an understanding that on this
day week, after the morning hour, this meas-
ure shall be taken up, and that a vote shall be
taken at, say, four o'clock or half past four
o'clock or five o'clock 
Mr. AIORTON. Say five o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from In-
diana says five o'clock. Very well; let it be
five o'clock. If we could have that under-
standing I should not feel at liberty to object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from New York that he
might propose to take up this bill at half past,
eleven o'clock, as the morning business will
probably be over by that time.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no; let us have the
morning hour.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I make this prop-
osiiiou, under the suggestion of the Chair:
that this day week, at twelve o'clock, as the
Senator from Nevada prefers that to half past
eleven, we take up this bill, and that not later
than live o'clock the Senate will vote upon the
bill and all amendments then pending.
Mr. THURMAN. i agree to that.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Is there any objection
10 that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any
objection to that pioposition?
Mr. THURMAN. You give us until five
o'clock ?
Mr. CONKLING. If you want it. I say,
not later than five o'clock.
the VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no_ objection. [A pause.] No Senator has
objected. There is no objection. The Senator
from Tennessee renews his motion to adjourn.
I his has been ordered by unanimous consent,:
this bill will come up at twelve o'clock on
Saturday next, and the Senate will proceed to
vote at live o'clock on that day. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 25,1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
BANKRUPTCY ACT AMENDMENT.
Mr. POLAND submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill of the House (H. 11. No. 386) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United States,
approved March 2,1867," having met, atter full and
fiee conference, have agreed to recommend a,nd do
recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
Th.it the Senate recede from its amendment, and
agree to the second section of tho bill, with the fol-
lowing amendments:
Section two, strikeout aflfrom the word "act,1' in
the fourth hue,to the word "the," before the words
"circuit, judge," tn the sixth line.
Line seven, strike out the word "to" and in lieu
thereof insert11 may."
At the end of the bill add the following: "and
cause the same to be entered or issued, as tho ease
may require, by the cleik of the distuct court."
And that the House agree to the same.
LUKF, P. PObAND,
I. A JliNUKKS.
JAMBS A. JOHNSON,
Manager* on the jiurt of the House.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
A. G. THUKMAM,
110 SCO li CONKLING,
Managers on the part oj the senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should like the gentle-
man from Vermont to explain the effect of this
report,.
Mr. POLAND. It refers to a point of slight
importance. The second section of the bill, as
it passed the House, provided in substance
that the clerk of the district court, in the ab-
sence of the judge, in case there was a vacancy
in the district judgeship, or if the judge was
absent or sick, might issue the preliminary
orders in a bankruptcy case. This was dis-
agreed to by the Senate on the ground that it
was giving the clerk judicial power. We have
amended it, so that by authority of some other
judge he may be authorized to do this.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was agreed to; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
smrs rou roimiGN trade.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 2.33G) to encourage
the building of ships for foreign trade, and for
other purposes ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
boundaries of land districts.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the bill (S. No.
742) to provide for changing the boundaries
of land districts. I think there will be no objec-
tion to it.
The bill was read for information. It au-
thorizes and empowers the President of the
United States to change and reestablish the
boundaries of land districts whenever, in his
opinion, the public interests will be subserved
thereby, without authority to increase the
number of land offices or land districts,
j There being no objection, the bill was taken
; from the Speaker's table, received its several
! readings; anU was p'a&UtL
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
whieh the bill was passed; and also moved that
tbe^ motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
british steamer labuan.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 84) to carry into effect
the decree of the district court of the United
Slates for the southern district of New York
in the case of the British steamer Labuan, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
diplomatic and consular system.
On motion of Mr. OftTH, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. C7G) to amend an act
entitled ''An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular system of the United States,"
passed August 18, 1856, and for other purposes,
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
midland pacific railroad company.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to report back from the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, for action
at the present time, the bill (S. No. 36) grant-
ing the right of way through the public lauds
to the Midland Pacific Railway Company, and
for other purposes.
Mr. PAINE. For what purpose does the
gentleman propose to report the bill?
Mr. MOURELL, of Pennsylvania. To put
it upon its passage.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to any land-
grant bill being put on its passage.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. It is
not a land-grant biil. It simply gives theright
of way. It has been before the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad ever since last year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
harriet b. parker.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous
consent, the bill (H. R. No. 1669) for the relief
of Harriet E. Parker, with the amendments
of the Senate thereto, was taken from the
Speaker's table.
Air. IIOLMAN. I move that the bill and
amendments be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. PAINE. Why should a bill for the
relief of an individual be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce?
Mr. CONGER. The bill has already been
before the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. It was originally reported
from that committee.
Mr. Holman's motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the sundry civil appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot, enter-
tain that motion at this time, because unani-
mous consent was given to the Committee on
Commerce to have one hour to-day after the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. DAWES. Not, to-day.
The SPEAKER. Yes; it was to-day.
Mr. DAWES. I do not so understand. The
committee were to have an extra hour.
The SPEAKER. Saturday was distinctly
named in the case of the Committee on Com-
merce. An additional hour was also given to
the Committee on the Public Lands, but the
day was not named.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the chair would ex-
cuse me for asking him toiefer to the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be very
glad to refer to the Journal.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to state to the House
that I have reason to believe that unless we
can devote this day to the appropriation biil,
and also Monday, so as to get it through, it
will rfesuit iii an frstehBion of the s'esSioh.
