1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
the matter as so many sheep that are bonnd
hands and feet for the shambles. A. very trite
couplet, yetat times an almost indispensable
one for use in certain cases, recites that
"Vice is a monster of so frightful mien
As, to be hated, needs but to be seen."
It has been said by One who spoke as never
man spake, that He would not always bear with
the sins of His people nor would His mercy
endure forever. Nor will the American people
forever bear with lawless"raids in legislation,
producing most detested fruits in their prac-
tical operation. They now ask of you bread,
you give them a stone; they ask of you meat,
you give them a serpent. Could the people be
polled to-day, so as to give their votes yea or
nay, upon the question of confidence in the
Administration, they would declare in thunder
tones and by a tremendous majority that the
Radical party had been weighed in the balance
and found wanting. Why should they not, even
if the point of determination were confined to
the simple one of the vicious operation of the
tenure-of-office act with all the rottenness in
politics that it has entailed? 1 ask no man to
take my word upon the subject, but shall simply
call attention to the declaration of Senator
Trumbull, who is a sort of State's evidence
or is upon the confessional in the matter. He !
pictures the corrupt practices in the respect of j
office-seeking and oince-getting as follows: ;
"Practically, appointments have not for some
years been made eitherin the constitutional mode by
the President, by and with the advice and consent of
th e Senate, or by the President and heads of Depart-
ments alone, in pursuance of law vesting them with :
that authority. Nominally appointments are so
made, but in reality they are dictated and controlled
in a vast majority of cases by an influence unknown
to the Constitution or laws. Every Senator and
every Representative in the other House knows that
appointments in most cases are dictated by them,
and that the President and heads of Departments
are not left free to make selections with an eye sin-
pie to the public good. The Representative from a
congressional district, if in political accord with the
Administration, claims and exercises the right, as a
general rule, to control all the local appointments in
his district, and in districts represented by Opposi-
tion members the Senators from the Stateclaim and
exercise the same right. Occasionally there may be
deviations from this rule, but they are exceptional.
In some of the States the entire delegation, harmo-
11 izing with the Administration, may confer together
in regard to certain local appointments; but as a
general rule no man can be appointed postmaster,
or collector or assessor of internal revenue, or to any
other Federal office local to the district, unless he
has the recommendation of the person who happens
to represent the district in Congress, if he be a friend
of the Administration.
"So arbitrary is this rule that I have known in-
stances of faithful public officers, friends of the
Administration, being removed in order to make
place for a friend of the Representative from the dis-
trict, and at a subsequent period during the same
Administration I have known the new appointee to
be removed to give place either to the former incum-
bent or some other friend of a new Representative
who had in the mean time at a subsequent election
eucceeded in supplanting the former one; an officer
removed to-day because he did not support the suc-
cessful candidate in a nominating convention, and
restored next year because he did give such support
to another who chanoed to succeed. When the nom-
inee for a local office comes before the Senate we all
know that our action in most cases is a mere form,
and that not probably in one case in a hundred is
any other question asked than whether the nominee
is ^acceptable to the Representative from the district.
" In some cases influences are brought to bear to
secure the election of members to this body or
the other House, under the expectation, if not the
direct assurance, that the successful candidate when
elected will secure offices to certain parties who have
been active in his behalf. It has sometimes been
openly avowed by members of Congress that they
had certain debts to pay, meaning thereby that while
canvassing for their positions they had come under
obligations to secure offices to certain individuals.
So far is this desire to reward friends sometimes
carried that it furnishes an inducement to create
offices for no other purpose than to provide places
for favorites. Is it any wonder, while such a system
as this prevails, that the ante-rooms of the President
and heads of the Departments are crowded with
Senators and Representatives seeking positions for
their friends? Is it possible for members thus ask-
ing places, and that, too, often as personal favors to
themselves, to preserve their independence as legis-
lators ? Can he who insisted upon the appointment
ot a clerk in one of the Departments already over-
flowing with clerks, and by his persistency has at
last procured the appointment, act independently
on a defieieney bill to pay for extra clerk hire occa-
sioned perhaps by his importunities?
pre?s«ro ot' Congressmen for positions
favorites less demoralizing to the appointing
power than themselves. The President and heads
of Departments are dependent on their political
friends in the two Houses of Congress for that legis-
lation and support necessary to administer the Gov-
ernment, and cannot afford to disregard their wishes.
That they do yield to them is notorious. It is an
every-day occurrence that applicants for office apply
to Senators and Representatives, assuring them that
theirreoommendation only is lacking to secure them
the coveted position; and some of tlio Departments,
I am told, have actually kept a debit and credit
1! account with members to show the number of ap-
i pointments they are entitled to and receive. I say
1 nothing of the personal inconvenience and humilia-
tion to which Congressmen submit by being made
solicitors for office and ds.ncing attendance on the
appointing power." * e * * "The cus-
tom of allowing Congressmen to dictate appoint-
ments has become so firmly established as to have
almost the force of law, and nothing but a posi-
tive statute can change it. While suffered to con-
tinue it is subversive of the Constitution so far as
it relates to appointments, is demoralizing both to
the appointing power and to Congressmen, is cor-
rupting in its influences, and destructive of that
1 division of the powers of Government, upon the
' maintenance of which the liberties of the people
j depend. Congressmen are not elected to dispense
\ the patronage of their respective localities; and
there is no reason why the man who happens to be
in Congress should be allowed to dictate who are to
; be postmasters or revenue officers of his district.
| The wishes of the people interested, rather than sim-
' ply thoso of the person who happens to represent
them here for the time being, ought to be consulted
in such cases."
1 I may add, Mr. Speaker, that as a matter
of course, where a State is Democratic, like
Delaware or Kentucky, or is out, of the Union,
like Georgia and others, there is a tremendous
rush from all the regions of Radicalism for
place and patronage, for the purposes of rule
and rapine over a conquered people. This has
been exhibited in the scandalous transactions
touching the appointment and confirmation of
Judges of the United States Supreme Court,
and the newly created circuit judges. I forbear
remarking upon the wretched situation other
than to say that I have demonstrated out of
the mouths of witnesses who are of the Repub-
lican and Administration stamp, that the house
of the fathers has been made one of mer-
chandise and a den of hucksters and robbers.
This has come principally—over and above the
broad-spread mercenariness and corruption
that since the war have ruled in the matter of
appointments—from the working of the infa- 1
mous ''tenure-of-office act," which was passed !
to curb the exercise of the prerogative which j
Andrew Johnson so rarely put in force in ap- 1
pointments of other than Republicans, and
which is now cause of heart-corroding fires
within the Radical camp. It is quite obvious
why the President and House desire its repeal,
and why the Senate adheres to it. But to go
into an evisceration of motives in the prem-
ises might not be gracious, or possibly in order.
As my time is rapidly passing, I wish to offer
a few thoughts upon a subject of vast import-
ance to the whole country.
Mr. Speaker, whatever may be done at this
session of Congress, or at the next one, con-
cerning the currency of the country, I shall
constantly oppose what shall look to a reduc-
tion of the greenback issue of the Govern-
ment. It was first adopted by the party that
had the exalted honor of establishing the sub-
TreaBury system, with receipts and disburse-
ments in hard money. It was adopted for the
purpose of meeting an extraordinary call upon
the finances, without having recourse to a loan
or borrowing from the banks. The notes fur-
nished a safe currency or circulating medium to
the people, and were usually regarded the equiv-
alent in value of gold. They saved to the peo-
ple yearly very many millions of dollars in
the way of interest. They do so now. If they
are not now as valuable as gold, it is because
the policy of the Radical party produces that
result. How could it be otherwise, when the
Government demands gold upon its revenues,
but only pays out paper to its creditors other
than bondholders? I
How can it be otherwise whet* the Govern- I
ment hoards $100,000,000, and by such action !
causes individuals to hoard even more than
that figure? The expression has been over and !
over again attributed to Chief Justice Chase, '
and never denied, that the way to resume spe-
cie payment was to resume. This was at a time
when gold was at a premium of forty or fifty
percent. The New York Tribune took the
same ground, and has maintained it. Why
should it not? Within the period of the exist-
i ence of that influential journal it has seen a
i resumption of specio payments when there was
little gold in the country and the bank circula-
tion was enormous. Now, gold is a reliable
product of the country to the extent of $75 .
000,000 yearly. It is used exclusively in Texas
and on all the Pacfic slope. It is used in the
form of gold contracts by private parties in all
the great business emporiums. The Govern-
ment demands it upon its revenues to the ex-
tent of $150,000,000 a year, more or less. It
pays out that sum, or ail approximation to it
to the bloated bondholding interest. It pays its
officials abroad in gold. Then why not resume,
and require national banks to resume at a time
when gold is only at a premium of twenty per
cent. The answer is simply this: all the policy
of the Government is controlled by eastern men,
who, regarding the class or monetary interests
by whom they have their political life, dictate
that specie payments shall not be resumed,
but that gold shall be kept at a premium.
Why? Because the holders of the bonds in
the East thereby get eight or nine per cent,
interest in currency on such bonds. What
more? As long as gold is required for the
| revenues to the extent that it is at a premium
over greenbacks the class-manufacturing inter-
! est of the East is protected. They get on an
average about fifty per cent, in protection by
thetariff laws. Twenty per cent, added to that
figure is no small sum. It is for this reason
and no other that Mr. Boutwell had latterly
been refusing to sell gold to the highest bidder,
provided the figure did not come up to his mark.
And thus are public and private business in-
terests footballed for the benefit of the class
interests of the East, and of the speculators
whose breath of life so much depends upon
uncertainties in relation to the currency. There
is not a question if Mr. Boutwell would sell
gold to the extent of the ability of the Treas-
ury to redeem bonds that are due there would
be such a redundancy of the precious metals
in the money markets at this day of caution
about speculating and credits as to force the pre-
mium down to so low a figure that resumption
could scarcely be prevented and would not be
felt, except beneficially, in commercial pursuits.
Not a dollar of greenbacks should be redeemed
in gold until that day comes. Interest would
be stopped on the latter, and the currency
wdnld be at once augmented in gold by un-
loosing that hoarded by the Government of
$100,000,000, and also much of that which is
in private hands. Would there not then be a
sufficient relief?
By this I do not wish to convey the idea that
national banks have no merit and have not
been in some respects beneficial and conven-
ient, for their notes will pass without discount
in any section of the Union and give to the
American people a uniform currency; but if
they are to be continued, their privileges ought
to be greatly abridged. To extort from the
people $18,000,000 annually in gold, which
the bondholder receives as interest from the
Government, is oppressive and a great hard-
ship. This large sum is now collected from
the hard earnings of the people to put in the
pockets of wealthy men, who are able to pur-
chase bonds and commence banking. I might
here institute the inquiry, and ask why it is
that the national banks should receive their
interest in gold, and every note they pay out
over their counter is to-day only worth some
eighty cents on the dollar? The national
banker, rich in bonds, receives his interest in
gold, while the soldier, the pensioner, and the
laborer must receive their pay in depreciated
currency. The daily laborer receives one dol-
lar per day for his work, worth only eighty
cents in gold, while the national banking bond-
