4844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Mr. CULLOM. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Dixon]
whether the extra morning hour which has
been given to his committee, would not do
just as well next week, so that we can get this
appropriation bill through the House and send
it to the Senate, and thereby avoid an exten-
sion of the session ?
The SPEAKER. To accommodate busi-
ness, if it be agreeable to the House, unani-
mous consent could be given for the Commit-
tee on Commerce to take the hour allowed
them oil Monday next after the morning hour
of that day, thus giving the committee an hour
each day on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednes-
day next.
Mr. DAWES. If the Committee on Com-
merce will take the hour on Tuesday next, I
think we can get the appropriation bill to the
Senate on M'onday next. That is my only
object in urging action on the bill to-day. I
am informed by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations in the other branch of Con-
gress that this delay would work an extension
of this session; and I do pray gentlemen not
to allow that to be done.
The SPEAKER. Two morning hourscould
be given to the Committee on Commerce on
Tuesday next, or a morning hour for the com-
mittee could be given after the regular morn-
ing hour on Monday next; it would amount to
the same thing.
Mr. DAWES. It would amount to the same
thing, except that action on the appropriation
bill would be advanced.
The SPEAKER, ft would amount to the
same thing so far as the Committee on Com-
merce was concerned.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
that it would not forward business any to hurry
his appropriation bill over to the Senate ; for
that body has now more business before it than
it can attend to.
Mr. DAWES. This information is given to
me by those who seem to know more about the
business of the Senate than I do; perhaps not
more than is known by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. JULIAN. We are consuming time now
which might as well be taken by the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is so; I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the hour assigned to the Committee
on Commerce will now begin, at twenty-five
minutes past eleven o'clock, and reports are
in order from that committee.
marine hospital service.
Mr. DIXON", from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported hack, with an amendment, a
bill (S. No. 489) to reorganize the marine hos-
pital service, and to provide for the relief of
sick and disabled seamen.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that from and after the 1st day
of April, 1870, there shall be assessed and
collected by the collectors of customs at the
ports of the United States, from the masters
or owners of every vessel of the United States
arriving from a foreign port, or of registered
x'es^els employed in the coasting trade, the
gum of forty cents per month for each and
every seaman who shall have been employed
on said vessel since she was last entered at any
port of the United States, which sum said
master or owner is hereby authorized to col-
lect and retain from the wages of eaid em-
ployes.
The second section provides that from and
after the 1st day of April no collector shall
grant to any vessel whose enrollment or license
ior carrying on the coasting trade has expired,
a new enrollment or license, unless the master
of such vessel shall have first rendered a true
account to the collector of the number of sea-
men and the time they have been employed on
sueli vessel during the continuance of the
license which has so expired, and shall have
paid to such collector forty cents per month
for every such seaman who shall have been
employed as aforesaid, which sum the said
master is hereby authorized to retain out of
the wages of such seamen; and if the master
of any registered, enrolled, or licensed vessel
of the United States shall render a false ac-
count of the number of seamen so employed,
or of the length of time they have severally
been employed, as is therein required, he shall
forfeit and pay fifty dollars, which shall be ap-
plied to and shall make a part of the general
fund created by the act; and all needful regu-
lations for the mode of collecting the sums
therein mentioned shall be prepared, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
by such person as by him may be designated.
The third section provides that it shall be
the duty of the several collectors to deposit the
sums collected by them respectively, under
the provisions of the act, in the nearest United
States depository, to the credit of " the fund
for the relief of sick and disabled seamen,"
making returns of the same, with the proper
vouchers, monthly, on forms to be furnished by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
The fourth section provides that all moneys
received or collected by virtue of this act shall
be paid into the Treasury like other public
moneys, without abatement or reduction ; and
all moneys so received are thereby appropriated
for the expenses of the marine hospital ser-
vice, and shall be credited to the marine hos-
pital fund, of which separate accounts shall be
kept.
The fifth section provides that the fund thus
obtained shall be employed, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, for the
care and relief of sick and disabled seamen
employed in registered, enrolled, and licensed
vessels of the United States.
The sixth section authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to appoint a surgeon to act as
supervising surgeon of the marine hospital
service, whose duty it shall be, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary, to supervise all matters
connected with the marine hospital service,
and the disbursements provided by the act, at
a salary not exceeding the rate of ยง2,000 per
annum and his necessary traveling expenses;
and he shall be required to make monthly
reports to the Secretary of the Treasury.
The seventh section provides that for the
purposes of the act the term "vessel" shall
be held to include every description of water
craft, raft, vessel, and contrivance used or
capable of being used as a means or auxiliary
of transportation on or by water.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike oat in sections one aud two "April"
and insert "August."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DIXON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was parsed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national bolivian navigation company.
Mr. DIXON also reported back, from the
same committee, a bill (S. No. 558) to incor-
porate the National Bolivian Navigation Com-
pany.
The bill, which was read, proposes to incor-
porate, with the ordinary corporate powers,
George E. Church, William H. Reynolds.
Jerome B. Chaffee, S. L. M. Barlow, A. 8.'
Mackie, Charles A. Lambard, and George F.
Wilson, and such other persons as may be
associated with them, and their successors,
under the title of the National Bolivian Navi-
gation Company. The corporation is empow-
ered to own, sell, build, purchase, mortgage,
and charter steam and other vessels, and em-
ploy the same in navigation between the Uni-
ted States and the ports of South America, or
upon the rivers and navigable waters of Bolivia
and Brazil, and to hold such real and personal
property of every kind as may be necessary or
useful in connection with that business, and,
under authority of the Peruvian and Bolivian
Governments, to engage in public works con-
nected with such transportation, or which may
become necessary in order to develop the same
in, upon, or near the rivers mentioned. For
this purpose the corporation is authorized to
issue bonds or other obligations secured by a
pledge of its property and franchises. Butthe
United States is not. to be responsible for loss
or damage resulting from the transportation of
property to, or investment made, in any for-
eign country.
The capital stock of the corporation is to be
$1,000,000, to be divided into shares of $100
each, whjch shares are to be personal property,
transferable on the books of the company only.
The capital stock may be increased from time
to time as may be necessary for the general
purposes of said company.
The company is empowered to make such
by-laws as it deems proper for the disposition
of the property and estate of the company, the
management of its business and affairs, the
term of office and duties of its officers and ser-
vants, and to carry out the general objects of
the corporation, and to amend or to repeal the
same at pleasure. But the by-laws are not to
conflict with any law of the United States.
The stock, property, and affairs of the cor-
poration are to be managed by aboard consist-
ing of not more than nine or less than five
directors, who may appoint a president and
such other officers, and employ such agents as
they deem proper. The corporators named in
this act are to be the directors for the first year
from the organization of the company, and
thereafter annual elections of directors by the
stockholders are to be held, at meetings to be
called for that purpose, at which each share of
stock present, in person or by proxy, shall be
entitled to one vote, and a majority of the stock
thus represented shall elect. The act is to take
effect immediately.
Mr. WOOD. I desire the gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Dixon] to make some ex-
planation with reference to this bill. When
under the general laws of the States corpor-
ations of this character can be organized and
regulated as they always have been, I want lo
know why these men should come to Congress
seeking to have this corporation made a na-
tional enterprise. I also want to know whether
this bill will be understood as giving to this
company the right to come hereafter to Con-
gress for subsidies, bounties, land grants, or
money.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. Speaker, Bolivia has been
shut out by the Andes from communication
wilh the Pacific ocean, and by Brazil from com-
munication with the Atlantic. Bolivia has had
110 trade except such as has been cariied on
across the Andes, the backs of mules beiug
the only means of transportation. Bolivia is
an exceedingly interesting country, containing
valuable resources. It has a population of
some two millions and a half of industrious and
intelligent people. In 18G7 a convention was
adopted between Bolivia and Brazil by which
Bolivia has obtained the right to navigate the
Amazon and Madeira rivers. Since that time
some enterprising men from this country have
gone to Bolivia and have made an arrangement
with that Government by which they obtain
subsidies and very valuable concessions. If
they will navigate those rivers, if they will pro-
cure charters from the United States or from
England and perform the work they have
agreed to perform, they are to receive the con-
cessions given by this bill. If the gentleman
desires, 1 will have this concession read at the
! Cleik's desk.
Mr. WOOD. I should like to hear it.
