1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2013
ests, and praying for reduction of duty on tea,
coffee, &c., the products of tropical countries,
and for such readjustment of duty on articles
produced in this country as will sustain the
wages of the American mechanic and the mar-
ket of llie American farmer.
Also, a petition of 87 citizens of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, praying for reduction of
duty on tea, coffee, &c., and for such readjust-
ment of duty on home manufactures as will
sustain domestic industry.
Also, the petition of John George Scherzer,
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, a private in
company D of Colonel Small's Washington
Guard regiment of Philadelphia, asking a pen-
sion for injuries received while in such service
at Baltimore on the 19th of April, 1861.
Also, the petition of William J. Donohugh
and 104 others, citizens of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, in favor of granting pensions to the
soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812.
By Mr. PACKER: The petition of H. V.
Miller and 1G others, employes in Harrisburg
Steam-Engine Works, at Harrisburg, Pennsyl-
vania, remonstratingagainst any change in the
tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league,
and praying for a reduction of duty on tea,
coffee, drugs, spices, &c., and such readjust-
ment of duty on articles made in this country
as will prevent frauds ou the customs, main-
tain home industry, and sustain the wages of
the American mechanic and the market of
the American farmer.
Also, the petition of J. 0. N. Fell and 27
others, workmen in Chulaski Iron Works,
Northumberland county, Pennsylvania, pro-
testing against any change in the tariff laws
suggested by a free-trade league, and praying
for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, drugs,
spices, &c., the products of tropical countries,
and such readjustment of duty on articles made
in this country as will prevent frauds on the
customs, maintain home industry, and sustain
the wages of the American mechanic and the
market of the American farmer.
Also, the petition of John A. Ehersole and
102 others, citizens of Hummelstown, Dauphin
county, Pennsylvania, protesting against any
change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for a reduction of
duty on tea, coffee, &c.,aud such readjustment
of duty on home manufactures as will sustain
American workmen.
Als.o, the petition of John Aikens and 230
others, employes of the Harrisburg Cotton-Mill
Company, at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, pro-
testing against any change in the tariff laws
suggested by a free-trade league, and praying
for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, &'c., and
for such readjustment of duty on articles made
in this country as will maintain home industry.
Also, apetition of 53 citizens of Watsontown,
Northumberland county, Pennsylvania, pro-
testing against free trade, and praying for a
reduction of duty on tea, coffee, &c., and such
readjustment on home productions as will pro-
tect domestic industry.
Also, a petition of 30 workingmen in Dau-
phin county, Pennsylvania, protesting against
free trade, and praying for a reduction of duty
on tea, coffee, &c., and such readjustment of
duty on articles produced in America as will
maintain home interests.
Also, a petition of 133 mechanics of Milton,
Northumberland county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, and
other necessaries not produced in this country,
and for protection against foreign competition.
Also, the petition of H. B. Gardner and 180
others,workingmen in Lykens, Dauphin county,
Pennsylvania,remonstrating against free trade,
and praying for areduction of duty on tea, cof-
fee, and other necessaries of life not produced in
America, and for such readjustment of duty on
articles made in this country as will maintain
home industry.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of R. P.
Fitzgerald and 30 others, citizens of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, for the enactment of a law confer-
ring jurisdiction upon the district courts of the
United States in certain actions against vessels
engaged in the coasting trade.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of Hewlett
Smith, Elbert H. Walten, Robert D. Valen-
tine, and 34 others, citizens of Queens county,
New York, for drawback of import duties on
ship-building materials and stores used in for-
eign commerce, and for restricting the carry-
ing of ocean mails to American-built vessels.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
Mahlon Bonnell, esq., and 81 others, citizens
of Princeton, Scott county, Iowa, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WARD: A petition of 57 citizens of
Ceres, Alleghany county, New York, against
reducing the tariff on lumber.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 17, 1870.
Prayer_by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. new-
man, D. l>.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED. .
The bill (H. R. No. 1346) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, and for otlier
purposes, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
soldiers* monument at dayton.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 194) grant-
ing condemned guns to the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. If there be no objection I
should like to have that resolution put on its
passage now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which proposes to
authorize the Secretary of War to turn over to
the managers of the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Volunteer Soldiers atDayton, Ohio, such
number of condemned iron or bronze cannon
on hand unfit for Army purposes as may be
deemed sufficient for the ornamentation of the
cemetery and soldiers' monument at that insti-
tution.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting a communication from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs in relation to
the manner in which the settlers upon the Black
Bob Shawnee lands have interfered with the
occupancy and disposition of the same ; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged with a peti-
tion executed to some extent by the Christian
Alliance Association of the District of Colum-
bia, signed almost exclusively by ladies of this
District, in which they ask that the evils of
intemperance may be dried up and the sale of
intoxicating liquors suppressed by an act of
Congress which shall restrain the traffic and
shall put the sale of liquors in this District, with
other poisons, in the hands of druggists, and
not allow them to be sold as a beverage. This
petition is very numerously signed, and I
move its reference to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I present several petitions,
signed by citizens of Massachusetts, in favor
of submitting to the States what is called the
sixteenth amendment of th« Constitution, pro-
hibiting all distinctions in suffrage on account
of sex. I move the reference of the petitions
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I present two petitions of
citizens of Iowa, who pray that the grant of
land made by the act of July 12, 1862, for the
improvement of the Des Moines river shall
not be held to include tracts on which settlers
have settled and made, improvements. I move
the reference of the petitions to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented a memorial of the
committee on the Indian concern of the Soci-
ety of Friends, praying an immediate appro-
priation for wagons, teams, tools, agricultural
implements, live stock, seeds, &c., and for the
erection of suitable houses on some of the allot-
ments, namely, for the Winnebagoes, Omahas,
Pawnees, Santee Sioux, Ottoes and Missou-
rias, Iowas, Sacs and Foxes, so that they will
not have to spend another year in idleness and
poverty; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT. I presentapetition of citizens
of Meadville, Pennsylvania, asking for an' ap-
propriation of $50,000 from the fund for the
education of freedmen of the South, for the
benefit of the Wilberforce University located
near Xenia, Ohio, where admission to pupilage
is denied to no one on account of race, color,
or previous condition, setting forth' various
reasons why a portion of this fund should be
appropriated for the benefit of this institution.
I commend itto the careful consideration of the
Committee on Education and Labor, to which
committee I move its reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of F.
W. Bogen, formerly chaplain of the forty-first
New York volunteers, now a resident in Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. VICKERS. I present a memorial of
Benjamin Hallowell and others, representing
the committee on the Indian concern of the
Society of Friends, to whom has been assigned
by the Government the care of the Indians in
the northern superintendency, State of Ne-
braska, praying an immediate appropriation
for wagons, teams, tools, agricultural imple-
ments, live stock, seeds, &c., and to erect
suitable houses on some of the allotments,
namely, for the Winnebagoes, Omahas, Paw-
nees, Santee Sioux, Ottoes and Missourias,
Iowas, Sacs and Foxes, so that they will not
have to spend another year in idleness and
Doverty, and that when they become civilized
and enlightened, upon the plan proposed, they
will in a comparatively few years bo made
powerful auxiliaries in aid of the civilization
of the tribes beyond them. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Bryan
R. Young, of Kentucky, praying compensation
for quartermaster's stores taken by the military
authorities while temporarily absent from his
farm ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitionsof
Bailey Shumote, Fauquier county, Virginia;
of T. A. T. Joynes, sr., Accomac county, Vir-
ginia; of C. C. Baker, Westmoreland county,
Virginia; of T. H. Nance, Bedford county,
Virginia; of John W. Bell, Culpepper county,
Virginia; of John D. Luttrell, Northumber-
land county, Virginia; of William _R; Claugh-
ton, Northumberland county, Virginia; of I.
H. Brooke, Caroline county, Virginia; of J.
Henderson, Accomac county, Virginia; or
William E. Roberts, Nelson county, Virginia;
of J. R. Taylor, Fairfax comity, Virginia; of
William E. Franklin and N- H. Crump, Cu -
pepper county, Virginia; of Josepu A. vvm -
tlesey, Texas; ofR. Johnson, Fairfax county,
