1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4845
The Clerk read as follows:
Concession grunted by the Government of Bolivia, South
America, to Colonel George E. Church.
Article 1. Colonel George E. Church, engineer,
of New York, binds himself to organize a company
in the United States or Europe to navigate by steam-
ers and other vessels the Bolivian rivers which are
tributary to the Madeira, the principal affluent of
the Amazon; the nominal capital, which may be
augmented according to the demands of the enter-
prise, to be $1,000,000, gold.
Art. 2. This association shall be called the Na-
tional Bolivian Navigation Company.
Art. 3. Within the term ot twenty-one months,
counting from the day on which the company is no-
tified that the privileges mentioned in articles four,
eight, and nine have been obtained from Brazil, the
company is obliged to place at the first rapid of San
Antonio, on the river Madeira, two steamboats of the
following proportions: of from fifty to seventy tons,
drawing Irom twenty to thirty inches of water, and
with capacity to carry from twenty to twenty-five
passengers. These steamers shall consist of pieces
which may be transported past the rapids to a point
whore they may be put together. The Government
ot Bolivia agrees to furnish the number of Indians
necessary for the transportation of the pieces of the
steamboats, it being obligatory upon the company
to pay the work and salary of these. Before or after
the term of twenty-one months the company shall
send the engineers necessary for the examination
and detailed study of the rapids, and to make the
plans required for their canalization.
Aut. 4. The Government of Bolivia binds itself to
negotiate with the imperial Government of Brazil
the right to canalize the rapids which are in Brazil-
ian territory, or to remove the obstacles which form
them, by means of lateral canals, or in the manner
which may be easiest to free the navigation of the
Madeira from impediment; the Bolivian Government
to transfer this same right to the company. It will
also negotiate the free transit from Borba, on the
Madeira, to the rivers of Bolivia, and vice versa, for
all vessels employed or belonging to the company or
which may come consigned or in ireighttoits account
under any flng; as also to establish a port of embark-
ation and disembarkation, free of imposts of any
class to the prejudice ot commerce, at the first rapid
of San Antonio, andduring theperiod of canalization
open by land the roads which may be necessary to
avoid said rapids.
Art. o. The company is bound to commence the
canalization of the rapids; which may be in Bolivian
or Brazilian territory, at the latest within the six
months following the arrival of the first steamer.
The Bolivian Government will furnish the labor
necessary for the work of canalization of the rapids,
the company bearing the expenses and salary of the
laborers at the ordinary rates of the country.
Art. 6. The Bolivian Government concedes in
favor of the company the following privileges or
rights:
1. In the populated ports it gives in property to
the company one square mile of State lands, and at
the point where new ports should be founded to
lacilitate commerce, according to the judgment of
the company, a square of the same lands upon the
rivei ma rgins, which shall have two leaguesfront and
two of depth, the company having the right to make
thai use of them which may be most to its interests.
2. Tbc Government of Bolivia will pay to the com-
pany ยง10,000, gold, the day upon which the first
steamer moves upon the waters of the Mamore, as a
premium offered by tho Government in supreme j
decree of 1853.
o. Tho same Governmentconcedesto the company
the right to cut wood tor burning, exportation, and
other uses in the forests which have no private
owner, and that of collecting eight thousand head
of horned cattle from the herds owned by the State
in the department ox the Beni, it being the obliga-
tion to make this collection in the method most to
the advantage of the Government and the com-
pany.
4. No export duty can be levied on any of the pro-
ducts of Bolivia exported via the Amazon during
the twenty-five years of the concession. But the
Government agrees to establish custom-houses at the
most appropriate points on the rivers to collect duties
upon all foreign importations which may enter by
the same route. These duties shall be equal but not
greater than those collected upon importations into
Bolivia via the Pacific ports. As a subsidy which
the Bolivian Government concedes in aid ol the Na-
tional Bolivian Navigation Company it awards to it
during the term ot its concession three fourths of
the duties thus collected, which will be delivered
monthly to any agent appointed by the company to
leeeivc them. .
5. Thecompany shallhave therishttoissue bonds
and to hypothecate all its property and Iranchises
ol whatever nature.
In case ot issuing bonds, the coupons as they ma-
ture shall be receivable at the river custom-houses
at their nominal value in payment of the throe
fourths pax t of the importation duties aligned to the
company.
Atlt. 7. The National Bolivian Navigation Com-
pany shall have the exclusive privilege to navigate
tile river^ of Bolivia, affluents of the Madeira. This
privilegeshall date fromthe day upon which the pres-
ent contract may be approved by the Government,
and shall continue twenty-five years alter tho Gov-
ernment of Bolivia notifies the company that it has
obtained from Brazil the privileges enumerated in
articles four, eight, and nine. This term expired the
company shall havetheprior right (dtiuvhodtl lunto)
to any concession which it may be the desire to make
| t,o another company; but without wishing to avail
itself of this right it shall enjoy forever the free
navigation of the same rivers.
Art. 8. In reimbursement of the expenses which
the company has to bear in the clearing of the rapids,
the Government cedes to it the right to collect of the
vessels other than those of the company which may
make use of the canals going to Bolivia ordescend-
ing from this republic a toll, which shall not be less
than filty cents per ton, which shall be established
by common consent between theGovernmentand the
company. The Bolivian Government binds itself to
negotiate an equal right from the Government of
Brazil with respect to the embarkations which may
use the canals to ascend or descend to Brazilian ter-
ritory.
Art. 9. The company shall maintain all the canals
in good condition, and direct all the operations con-
cerning them after the twenty-five years of the priv-
ilege. For these expenses it will have the right to
c9llect from the embarkations mentioned in the pre-
vious article a sum sufficient to cover these expend-
itures. It can also recover a sum destined to amort-
ize the capital invested in the canalization and for
the payment of the interest, providing that this
amortization and interest may not have been real-
ized before the expiration of the twenty-five years,
with the dues established in article eight. The
amounts to be collected shall be established by com-
mon consent between the Government and the com-
pany.
Art. 10. The company cannot be burdened with
any direct impost upon its possessions during the
term of the privilege, nor can any importation duty
be demanded upon the machinery, instruments, and
other objects which may be destined for the particu-
lar use of the same.
Art. 11. The company will have the right to cut
canals and build cart or railroads between the ports
and the centers of population or of industry under
an especial contract with the Government, and shall
have the preference in the concessions which it may
be the desire to make to any company.
Art. 12. The company will fix the tariff of freights
and passages, subjecting itself to the following con-
ditions : tnat in the first five years from the date at
which the steamers commence running the freights
shall not exceed two thirds part of the freights
actually paid by land in Bolivia, and the passage
tariff shall be in the &ame proportion with respect
to price and traveling expenses, Tor the subse-
quent years the tariff shall not exceed tho half of
the same freights, price, and traveling expenses
which arc paid to-day for equal distances.
Art. 13. The general direction of the company
shall reside in the country where the company is
formed, and the president and directors shall be
named by liie majority of the stockholders, counting
their votes according to the shares they may hold.
The Government has the right to name a director to
represent Bolivian interests and shareholders. For
the present Colonel Quintin Quevedo is named as
said director. The president of the company will
anuually forward to the Government, through the
Bolivian director, a general balance showing the
condition of the enterprise.
Art. 14. When the Government may find it neces-
sary to transport armed troops it will pay the com-
pany an equitable price, it being understood that
the Government will furnish the rations or food
necessary to maintain the troops during the voyage.
Art. 15. The company will carry the mail under
an equitable contract with the Government.
Art. 16. The Government will lend to the com-
pany all the protection it demands, considering it as
a national enterprise. The authorities will furnish
ali the supplies it may require at their just prices,
and with the same preference as the public service.
The paid employes of thocompanyshall bo exempt
from conscription and all forced military service.
Art, 17. The Government of Bolivia, although
preferring a canal to any othcrmethod of making the
transit of the rapid?, in ease it is found by virtue of
circumstances and the examination of the ground
that it is more practical to make tho transit ot the
rapids by moans of a railroad, will agree that this
shall be done, conforming itself also to the spirit of
articles four, eight, jind nine of this contract.
Art. 18. In case the company is unable to estab-
lish the steamers within the stipulated time, on
account ot superior force, (fuerza mayor,) the term
fixed shall be prorogued equitably andin conformity
wiih the circumstances.  
The decree of approval of this contract is dated
"Office of the minister of foreign relations, La Paz
de Ayacucho, August 27, IS'33." In the preamble it
states: " That tho navigation of said Bolivian rivers
will bring with it the increase of agriculture and of
commerce, of industry and of immigration, to the
greater parts of the departments of the^ republic,
which alone con progress and unroll their natural
wealth by the navigation of the water-courses which
traverse in every direction the Bolivian territory.
That even though the rapids of Madera are in Bra-
zilian territory, the Bolivian Government, which
possesses the head-waters of this river, can, by virtue
of the necessity which forces it to seek an outlet to
tho Atlantic ocean by way of its great streams, and
by virtue of the good understanding happily exist-
ing with the imperial Government of Brazil, negoti-
ate with this the right to canalizo and destroy said
rapids, which it hopes to obtain of said Government
as an unequivocal proof of its friendly relations.
That in use of tho authority conceded to the execu-
tive power by the law of June 19, 1S<53, the Govern-
ment, charged to promote by every means possible
the development and advancement of the_ country,
cannot tail to embrace, as it embraces with all its
patriotic zeal, an enterprise which has the great
object of bringins the civilizing element of ttacsteam-
boat to iruetify our soil with the incessant activity
and with the progressive elements which follow in
its tram." MTJNOZ
(Rubrica of the President.) U"Ui'
Mr. DIXON. I presume that the gentle-
man from New York is satisfied by the read-
ing of that concession.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman permit me
to say a few words ?
Mr. DIXON. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. I am satisfied, Mr. Speaker,
by the reading of this paper, that Congress
ought not to incorporate this proposed com-
pany. It is a foreign company, and subsists
in the interest of a foreign Government, which
company it is proposed to nationalize by the
United States Government. Its interest and
its property are all foreign. It is just as easy
for the Congress of the United States to incor-
porate the Bank of England here, and permit
that bank to transact its business in the United
States, as to give this company the privileges
provided for in this bill. It can come into any
port of the United States and transact its busi-
ness under two acts of incorporation, one from
Bolivia and the other l'rom this Government,
giving it enormous advantages over our own
people and companies, which are purely and
entirely American.
Now I say, sir, that under the general laws
of the State of New York all the authority and
all the protection which this corporation ought
to have they can obtain, and that they should
not get through this act, upon which they may
come afterward and claim a similar subsidy to
what the Bolivian Government has given them.
1 am, therefore, satisfied that we should not
pass this bill.
Mr. DIXON. I yield to my colleague on
the committee from New York [Mr. Potter]
five minutes.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I beg the
attention of the House to this bill. I think it
is the beginning of most improper and danger-
ous legislation. There need be no question
between myself and the chairman of the com-
mittee in respect to the advantages of develop-
ing the navigation of the Amazon river. But
this innocent looking bill, founded upon the
concession which has been explained, reaches
far beyond any question of the navigation of
the Amazon. It is provided in the first section
that this Bolivian company shall be authorized
to navigate steamships from every port of the
United States to every port on the whole coast
of South America; and not only that, but that
it may also, in its corporate capacity, carry on
navigation on the principal rivers in South
America, and execute such public works as
may be there authorized by the Governments
referred to. In the second section it is pro-
vided, that for these purposes the company
shall have a capital of $1,000,000, and that they
may increase their capital stock as necessary
for the general purposes of the company, and
hold property of every kind they may find
necessary or useful in connection with their
business. This, in fact, gives them a charter,
with a capital that may be extended without
limit, so that it would permit a Great South Sea
company, with a capital of $1,000,000,000,
holding real estate without limit in every State
of the Union, monopolizing all the trade of
South America, and carrying on a system of
coolie labor under the third section, which
authorizes them to fix, by by-laws, the term of
office and duties of their officers and servants.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Who are
the incorporators?
Mr. POTTER. Most of the corporators are
gentlemen whom I do not know. But, so far
as I do know them, they are men of the high-
est character. And I make no objection to the
bill because of the persons who are corporators.
But I say it is a most dangerous measure, on
account of the extraordinary powers intrusted
to these gentlemen, and the enormous latitude
to which those powers may be extended.
And that is not all. This cempany will be
