1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
holder receives his six per cent, in gold on his
investment. Here, then, under a Republican
Administration, we have one currency for the
rich and another for the poor; gold for the
bondholders, rags for the people.
Mr. Speaker, is this right, is it just, is it fair, is
it honest to give the wealthy gold and the poor
a depreciated paper currency ? Who, sir, is
responsibleto-dayforsuchastateofthings? Not
surely the Democratic party, for their motto
always has been to so shape the legislation of
the country as to secure the enactment of such
laws as would " fall like the gentle dews of
heaven upon the rich and the poor alike."
Sir, the Republican party, who has held this
Government for the last ten years, is guilty,
and in the future must suffer the just indigna-
tion of an outraged people. Now, sir, I pro-
pose to save those $18,000,000 we now pay to
bondholders for the privilege of keeping alive
the national banks by repealing the law taxing
the circulation of the banks ten per cent, under
the old State bank system, and permit every
bank in the country to issue its own notes, with
a deposit of gold and silver in its vaults ready
to redeem at anytime the amount of their out-
standing notes in gold or silver.
This plan, sir, will increase our circulation,
give us double the banking capital we now
have, which, in conjunction with the gold I
have before shown would be unlocked and put
in circulation, will give to the. country all
the money which is now so much needed, and
which a great and growing people must have
to carry on trade and commerce.
Mr. Speaker, in advocating a return to the
old State bank system I do not mean such as
essentially existed forty years ago, when they
were free to do pretty much as they pleased.
Gold had not then been discovered in Califor-
nia. If they then had the confidence of the
public, they could issue any amount of their
greenbacks, or gray backs, or any other colored
backs. In those days they were the masters
of the States which had to borrow of them,
and of the-people who in that day were scoffed
if they pretended to inquire into their divine
right of flooding the country with their rags
and obtaining interest on them. "Scourge
these banditti (the people) to their dens," Baid
Nicholas Biddle. Time proved that his great
national bank was the cherishing mother of
the whole brood of lesser ones, as compared
with the old system. • Sir, what we now want,
and what the country demands, is to be re-
lieved from those $18,000,000 annually, now
wrung from the hard earnings of the masses,
and which is paid to the banking bondholder,
and return to the old original true system,
namely, of deposits of gold of silver in banks,
and discounting the true metal, or intrinsic
value itself.
Sir, there is no pretense put forth by the
President against the policy of resumption
except to save the alleged indebted classes,
who would be prostrated by a great business
crash or convulsion in the event of resumption.
Now, I maintain there are no indebted classes
in the sense they existed in the days of un-
limited bank expansion and generous confi-
dence. Business for a few years back has
generally been done upon the principle of cash
payments or Bhort credits. Men have not been
able to get much of money or goods or lands
except assurance that the Creditor had large
property, or put up his bonds or something of
that sort. People may generally Owe one to
another, but few men can say that they have
not something that is equal to the face of their
liabilities. In this state of things that there
can be any extensive commercial crisis is im-
possible. People cannot get large or small
credits, or indeed any credits at all, without
showing they have values to meet them. If
there be speculators that have been operating
on stealings from great corporations they ought
to break. For such there is a bankrupt law
or the penitentiary. I speak only of the busi-
ness transactions, relatively, between man and
man, and not of the oppre&siveness of taxation,
the general depression of the whole people,
from the effects of civil war, or the losses the
South incurred by it, or by the loss to the
j country at large. In tho view I have taken I
i mn sustained by that very eminent authority,
the financial and commercial journal of New
, York. It says :
i "'Because a few failures have recently occurred
; we arc told that business is in an essentially unsound
condition; that many of our merchants have lost or
j wasted their capital and that wo are bordering on
1 general bankruptcy and panio. Although this cry
1 of ' wolf' has become so common that it should be
i no longer hooded, there are a few timid people who
give ear to it and are alarmed into a very unreason-
I able caution; and, for tho satisfaction of such it may
I be well to inquire somewhat into this alleged dan-
! ger. In the first place, the recent failures have been
: no more in number and have really been less in im-
portance than usually occur at this period of the
year—a season when a large amount of mercantile
obligations always fall due, and a majority of the
suspensions have been those of small firms, whose
combined liabilities are scarcely equal to those of a
singlefirst-class house. And in the next place, there
is this peculiarity in the affairs of larger suspensions:
the occasion is traceable mainly to causes other than
legitimate business losses. Most of the failures among
the dry goods commission merchants have arisen
from thefirm3 assuming the responsibilities of man-
ufactures and taking the risks of unprofitable mill
properties.
"In other branches of the wholesale business the
insolvencies have been induced in nearly every
instance by tho firms having assumed risks or en-
gaged in speculations which have no proper connec-
tion with their business. Much as has been said of
tho disaster which must accrue from the decline in
prices, yet it is a fact that although values have been
steadily falling for the last three years, and in the
case of breadstuff's have fallen to ante-war figures,
yet scarcely a single instance can be quotea of a
failure from this cause; nor is there anything tangi-
ble to show that as a rule the capital of merchants
has thereby been seriously impaired. Whwe men
of business have been tempted to employ their capi-
tal in oil speculations, in stock ventures, or in the
gambling operations of the gold room, they have in
most eases lost credit, and in too many cases capital
also; and these are the parties whose names fill up
the late record of failures.
" Upon the whole there is really much in the pres-
ent condition of the country to bespeak satisfaction
and confidence. During the war, and for two years
succeeding, we experienced the evils of inflation in
its worst forms. That was a period of extreme dan-
ger to the country. A similar condition of affairs
prevailed in Great Britain after the conclusion of
her continental and American wars. There, how-
ever, the inflation attained suoh a pitch as to burst
in a ruinous panic, sweeping away hundreds of
banks, prostrating credit universally, and creating
general bankruptcy, with a sudden fall of about fifty
percent, in prioes. Very fortunately with us, the
inflation of the ourrency and of prices has culmin-
ated without any such catastrophe. The reaction
has come by a natural process. The intelligence of
the people discovered the danger of the situation,
and caution gradually succeeded imprudent specu-
lation, credits were carefully watched, and traders
were consequently spared the risk of carrying too
heavy stocks upon declining markets."
Mr. Speaker, there are other topics of great
interest to the country I would like to discuss.
Time will not permit; perhaps before the
adjournment of Congress 1 may be so success-
ful as to again obtain the floor. In conclusion
then, sir, permit me to implore the majority
party in Congress to legislate for the people
and for the laborers of America; lift the bur-
den of taxation from the backs of the masses,
and, above all, let ns preserve the Constitution
of our lathers; let as maintain the sovereignty
of the States, and as we value our free institu-
tions, never, never, permit Federal authority
to infringe upon State rights. Let every State
come back into the union upon the same
equality, with no humiliating conditions, with
no oppressive legislation, A union worth
preserving must be a union of love, not of
force. As a Delawarian, standing here to-day
in the House of Representatives, speaking for
a^ constituency who, for patriotism, for gen-
uine love of country, for respect and reverence
for the old flag, acknowledge no superiors;
being an industrious, thriving, quiet, patriotic
people, and having honored me with their
confidence, so long as I remain a member of
this House my votes shall always be given to
promote their welfare.
Sir, the most of us have passed the meridian
of life. In a little while this Chamber will be
filled with others, and our tongues dumb in
death.
In view, then, of the occasion and the solem-
nities of the hour, let us rise like statesmen
and bury all animosities, all hatred, all bitter-
ness of feeling, and as one man rally around
the Constitution of our fathers and hold it to
our hearts with "hooks of steel,"
It is our only safety; it is our only hope.
; True, it has been scarred all over. Radicalism
1 has marred its beauty; in the name of loyally
i it has been stabbed; soon the wisdom of our
j fathers is to be set at naught, and the funda-
( mental law of the land is to be changed so as
to meet the views of pseudo-statesmen.
_ Sir, in this hpur of our country's peril, let
virtue and patriotism and sound reason once
more take possession of the hearts and con-
sciences of our rulers. The time for reflection
has dawned upon us. The people sigh for
relief. Let us, then, curb extravagance, banish
the inquisitorial income tax, reduce your Army
and Navy, and welcome every Southern State
back in the Union with all her manhood unim-
paired.
PAYMENT OF PENSIONS.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I propose
to submit to the House some remarks on the
mode of paying pensions, and in support of the
bill (H. R. No. 1098) which I have introduced
on that subject. At an early day in this session
the Committee on Invalid Pensions introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 647) to define the duties of
pension agents and prescribe the manner of
paying pensions. I took occasion soon after
to present to the House what I conceived to be
some of the objections to it and to the present
system of paying pensions. I will endeavor to
state briefly what the present system is, with
some of the objections to it and to the bill re-
ported by the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and then present a plan making a radical change,
and I trust an improvement, in the mode of pay-
ing pensions and of detecting frauds on the
pension laws.
The Pension Office, at the head of which is
the Commissioner of Pensions, is a branch of
the Interior Department. This office is charged
with the duty of deciding who, under the laws,
are entitled to pensions. There are now on
the pension-rolls of this office two hundred and
forty-three thousand pensioners of all classes,
requiring an annual expenditure of about thirty
million dollars.
To distribute this sum to the pensioners enti-
tled thereto there are provided by law fifty-nine
pension agents, located in different parts of the
United States, who.are furnished by the Com-
missioner of Pensions with the names and post
office address of the pensioners to be paid
pensions semi-annually in the district of each
agent. In most of the States there is but a sin-
gle pension agent; in Ohio there are three. The
pension agents are furnished, with the necessary
money placed to their credit, with an Assistant
Treasurer or national bank designated as a
Government depository, and with printed blank
vouchers to be executed and sworn to by the pen-
sioners. These are transmitted by mail by the
Eension agents to each pensioner, who is sworn
efore a local officer, when the voucher is re-
turqedto the pension agent, or to an attorney
authorized to act for the pensioner, and then
the pension agent pays each pension, either to
the attorney or sends by mail a check on some
bank payable to the order of the pensioner.
The vouchers are returned by the pension
agents to the Treasury Department, and all
accounts and vouchers are settled by the office
of the Third Auditor and Second Comptroller.
The act of June 6, 1866, provides—
"That no claim agent or other person shall here-
after oharge or receive more than twenty-five cents
f9r preparing the papers necessary to enable a pen-
sioner to receive a semi-annual payment of his pen-
sion, nor shall any pension agent charge or receive
more than fifteen cents for administering an oath to
a pensioner, or his attorney in fact, under a penalty
of five dollars in each case."—14 Stat., 57.
Under this act the pension agents prepare
most of "the papers," then send them by mail
to pensioners, charge a fee in each case of
