1870*
THE GLCfflE)/
2957
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the report in
that case read.
The Secretary read the following report,
made by Mr. Abbott, from the Committee or
Military Affairs, on the 1st of March:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom were
referred, the memorial aod evidenco of Harriet R.
Clinton, widow of Charles yf. Clinton, late lieutenant
of the first regiment Wisconsin cavalry, having con-
sidered the saute, made the following report: _
The claimant's late husband, Charles W, Clinton,
was appointed and commissioned by tho Governor
of the State of Wisconsin second lieutenant 01 com-
pany K. in the first regiment of cavalry, on the 1st
of October, 1863, and was immediately ordered on
recruiting service, first at Broad head and afterward
at Monroe, in said State, at which stations he enlisted
forty recruits previous to the25th ofJanuary,1864. His
own company then numbered eighty-four men, and
he was ordered to join it at Murfreesborough.in the
State of Tennessee. He immediately started for Mur-
freesborough to join his regiment and to be mustered
into the United States service, but on his route was
taken sick with typhoid fever or typhus pneumonia.
He succeeded.however, in reaching Murfreesborough
with but little delay, where he was taken to the
Stanton Hospital for volunteers, and lingered until
the 29th of March, 1864, when he died, without hav-
ing been mustered into the United States service and
without being paid for his services.
The claimant asks an appropriation for the amount
of pay of a second lieutenant of cavalry from tho
date of her husband's commission to tho timo of his
death.
In the opinion of the committee this is a oos of
equity, although it does not come within the tech-
nical provision of law. The evidence is that this
officer was faithful in the performance of duty and
was only prevented from Deing mustered into the
United States service in consequence of his delay,
under orders as recruiting officer and of- his sickness.
The committee therefore reeom'mend that his
widow, Harriet R. Clinton, be paid a sum equal to
the pay and emoluments of the said Clinton for the
time during which he actually performed service.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
BILLS PASSED OVER.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. E. No. 145) for the relief
of William E. Eetherford and" George Kains,
of the first Michigan cavalry volunteers.
The joint resolution, which was read, provides j;
for the payment by the Secretary of War, out j |
of any money appropriated for the pay of the
Army, to William H. Eetherford, of $325, de-
ducting therefrom the amount paid to him for
commutation for travel and subsistence when
mustered out; and to George Kains of the
same sum, or so touch thereof as the distance
traveled from Denver City, Colorado, to the
place of his enrollment bears to the distance
lrom Camp Douglas, Utah, to his place of
enrollment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the report
in that case.
The Secretary read the following report
made by Mr. Abbott, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, on the 1st of March:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom were
referred the petitions of William H.Retherford and
George Kains, for travel pay while in the military
service, having considered the same, submit the fol-
lowing report:
It appears that George Kains was a private of
Captain GeoVge H. Kilborn's company G, first Mich-
igan cavalry volunteers, was enrolled on the 1st day
of October, 1862, to serve three years, and was mus-
tered out at Denver City, Colorado, by reason of
.expiration of service.
It further appears that William H. Bfttherford
was a sergeant in companyL, first Michigan veteran
cavalry volunteers, enlisted on the 21st December,
1865, and was discharged by reason of excess of con-
solidation of regiment, at Camp Douglas, Utah Ter-
ritory, near Salt Lake City, and that he paid for
transportation $337 16, fqr transportation home.
The transportation of these men to their homes
was very oppressive &nd hurdensome.
. By the tenth section of the act of July 28,1866, an
act to make appropriations for civil expenses and
other purposes for the year 1866, money was appro-
priated to pay $325 travel pay each to the members
of the first Michigan cavalry discharged in Utah
daring tho year 1866, deducting only such commuta-
tion for travel pay and subsistence from the place
of discharge to tho place of enrollment as was paid
them on their discharge. The two soldiers afore-
said were not paid this travel pay of $325, because
they were discharged in 1865 and before the year
1866. ...
On the 8d of March, 1867, by the seventh section
of the Mt making appropriations for.ths Army, the
Paymaster pf the Army was authorized to pay, un-
der such regulations as tho Secretary of War shall
prescribe, 111 addition to tho amount received by
them for traveling Jexpenses, sudh California and
Nevada volunteers as were discharged in New Mex-
ico, Arizona, or Utah, and at points distant from
places of enlistment, as have been paid to the troops
of other States similarly situated.
It seems that Congress has hitherto relieved men
similarly situated to the petitioners; and it seems
to bo but an act of justicoto place these men upon
the same footing as the first Michigan cavalry dis-
charged in 1866, and the volunteers of California and
Nevada. Your committee therefore recommend
the adoption of the accompanying joint resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from North Carolina [Mf. Abbott] how
it could have cost these men $325 apiece to
go from Salt Lake City to Michigan ? Is that
the usual price of transportation for passen-
gers ?
Mr. ABBOTT.. I did not examine that mat-
ter, but I suppose it is the regular rate of
travel. This puts these men just where they
would be, as I understand it, if they had been
mustered out after the act of 1866 took effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The men who were mus-
tered out as they ought to have been would
have been furnished with transportation by
the Government; they would not have been
given money to go home with. The thing
that staggers me is the idea that $325 was the
necessary cost of transportation of a private
soldier from Salt Lake City to Michigan.
Mr. ABBOTT. I do not think it is much
out of the way for that time.
Mr. NYE. I understand this resolution
applies to two persons.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Three hundred and twen-
ty-five dollars apiece.
Mr. NYE. I understand that it is a fact
that transportation was quite high; but I want
to inform the Senator from North Carolina
who reported this bill that there is a full regi-
ment of Californians and almost a regiment
and a half of men from Nevada that were
mustered out at Salt Lake City, and it cost
them as mu<jh to get home as it did to get from
Denver to Ssdt Lake City. I hope if there is
a bill to be passed at all it will be so framed
as to cover those cases, as they, were fully as
flagrant as this.
Mr. COLE. I observe .that the report sets
forth facts which apply equally to quite a num-
ber of persons who were discharged in New
Mexico, in Texas, and in Colorado, all of whom
are equally entitled to compensation! with the
two persons mentioned in the bill; and I regret
very much that the bill was notmade a general
ope to apply to aU alike, because the merits of
one case are equal to those of another..
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, and' Mr.
POMEROY. Let the bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over. The Secretary will report the
next bill.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. E. No. 1258) to regulate the salaries of
chief justices and associate justices in the
Territories.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over. It is
a House bill and we can take it up at another
time.
Mr. STEWART. I think it ought to pass.
Mr. SUMNEE. Why not act on it now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It equalizes the salaries!
Mr. STEWART. The aggregate amount is
not any greater than at present. It equalizes
TheVICEPEESIDENT. Does theSenator
from Vermont persist in the objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS.' I persist in it.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 124) granting lands in the State of
Minnesota to aid in constructing a railroad
from Lake Superior to Vermilion Lake, in
said State.
The bill was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This will lead to discus-
sion evidently. I think it had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed ove^r.
Mr. THAYER.
out talking ?
Can we not vote on it with-
•. Mb. RAMSEY. Certainly we can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has been
objected to, and will be passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 975) to dedicate the public agri-
cultural lands in the State^f California to home-
stead and preemption purposes.
Mr. POMEROY. That will be debated. I
think it had better be passed over.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does the Senator from
Kansas object to its consideration?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object, but it
will be debated. There are several amend-
ments to be offered.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course if the Senator
presses the objection, the bill will have to go
over.
Mr. COLE. I think it tan be amended with-
out much difficulty, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go over.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not object if the
Senate will not debate it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. POMEROY. I only object to debate
i: upon it.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
JOSEPH HARMON.
I The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
j j (H. R. No. 888) for the relief of Joseph Har-
ij mon.
• | There being; no objection, the Senate, as in
ji Committee of the Whole, proceeded to'con -
|j sider the bill. It proposes to allow Joseph
Harmon, late captain of the fifth regiment of
Indiana volunteer cavalry, the pay of a captain
of cavalry in the volunteer service from the
20th day of July, 1864, to the 6th day of April,
1865, deducting the amount paid him as ser-
geant of cavalry in that regiment.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. FERRY calledfor
the reading of the report; and the Secretary
read the following report made by Mr. Abbott,
from the Committee on Military Affairs, on
the 3d of March, 1870:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred bill H. R. No. 8®, entitled' an act for the
reliefof Joseph Harmon, makethe following report:
The facts asserted in this case are, without excep-
tion, sustained by records, affidavits, and vouchers.
Joseph Harmon was mustered into service in the
fifth Indiana cavalry, August 30,1862. He received
a commission as captain of company F of said regi-
ment from Governor Morton,then Governor of that
State, July 20,1864, and at once entered upon duty
as such, and served until July 31,1864, when he was
captured by the enemy and remained aprisoner until
November 30,1864, when he was paroled. He applied
attmce for muster, but was refused on the ground
that he could not be mustered until returned to duty.
He was regularly exchanged April 5,1865, tho date
of the muster commencing at the date of his return-
ing to duty, being April 6, 1865. During all this
period of eight months and thirteen days he had
held a commission as captain, and had acted as
such, but not having been mustered, had been borne
on the rolls of his company as sergeant.
The committee recommend that he be paid the
difference between the pay of a first sergeant and a
captain for the period in question.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
j amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
j the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM A. SCOTT.
| The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
; (H. R. No. 1100) for the relief of William A.
I Scott, late_ first lieutenant, company F, four-
teenth regiment Illinois volunteers.
The Secretary read the bill, which directs
the Paymaster General of the United States to
pay to William A. Scott, late first lieutenant
of company F, fourteenth regiment Illinois
volunteers, full pay as such first lieutenant dur-
ing the time he shall prove to the satisfaction
of the Department that he actually served in
that capacity, and for which he has never
received pay.
Mr. FERRY. I think that had better go
oyer.
Mr. ABBOTT. I hope the Senator will not
object. I call for the reading of the report in
the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
