2958
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
ator from Connecticut allow the report to be
read?
Mr. FERRY. I hare no objection to the
report being read.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Abbott, from the Committee j
on Military Affairs, on the 3d of March:.
The Committee on Military Affairs, to Whom was
reterred the case of William A. Scott, make the fol- ;
lowing report:
That the said Scott was, on the 26th of June, 1861, j
commissioned first lieutenant of company F, four-
teenth Illinois cavalry; that on the 24th of October ;
following he was detailed by Brigadier General J. M.
Palmer as acting assistant adjutant general on his i
ntaff, a period of a little more than nine months?
that in the meantime another officer was promoted '
to first lieutenant of company F, and was afterward
recognized by the War Department: and that, finally
on February 11, 1867, by order of the War Depart-
ment, Lieutenant Scott was honorably discharged as
first lieutenant of company V in said regiment.. He ■
was paid to December 31.1861, but he served until
July 8, 1862, as shown by the certificate of General
Palmer.
The committee recommend that the balance due
him be paid.
Mr. ABBOTT. It is a perfectly plain case, i
Mr. FERRY. I withdraw the objection. j
There being no objection, the bill was con- , !
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. j
The bill was reported to the Senate without i|
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read ;
the third time, and passed. i|
. bills objected to. j
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill ' j
(S. No. 128) for the relief of Mrs. Jane North-
ridge. j j
Mr. EDMUNDS. From something that has ii
been said to me I think I ought to object to {
that bill. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed 11
over.
alfrrd k. brooks.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. R. No. 2T2) for the relief of Alfred E.
Brooks, postmaster at Ilion, New York.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a report accom-
panying that bill, a House report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the bill if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That had better go over.
Mr. FENTON. No ; it is right.
Mr. COLE. It only confers discretion upon
the Postmaster General to settle the account.
I do not think there can be any objection to !
it. It is a small amount.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a re-
port from the House Committee of Claims, .
from which this bill originated in the House,
and the report will be read.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred 1
the memorial and evidence of Alfred B. Brooks, ;
postmaster at Ilion, Herkimer county, New York, :
having had the same under consideration, report: ]
That on the 9th day of December, 1866, the claimant ,
deposited for safety in the safe of the American Ex- I
press Company, in the town of Ilion, whose office [
was kept in the same building and in the room with
the post office, the sum of fifty-five dollars, public
money of the Post Office Department, and $1.12117
in postage stamps of thePost Office Department, the j
wttiole amount of which was lost the same night by
burglary and theft. The claimant being responsible
in his accounts with the Sixth Auditor ofthe Treasury
for this sum, now asks to be indemnified for thesame
by special act of Congress.
The committee having thoroughly examined the
subject of the loss in connection with that of the
collector of internal revenue for the twentieth dis-
trict of New York for loss of revenue stamps, are
of opinion that there was neither negligence nor
want of proper care in the conduct of nis office or
tho preservation of the public property on the part
of the claimant, and that he is therefore entitled to
the relief prayed for.
The committee therefore report the accompanying
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg to inquire whether
the bill No. 252 in the order of business was
not passed over, involving the same question?
The VICE PRESIDENL\ The bill No. 252
in the order of business is House bill No. 886,
for the relief of Lawrence L. Merry, collector
of internal revenue for the twentieth district
ot New York.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My inquiry was whether
that bill was not passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That waspassed
over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let this be passed over |
also, so that we may settle the two together.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think either of j
them ought to be passed over. I have exam-
ined that case thoroughly, and if we pay any
raau for having his revenue stamps stolen that
man has made out a case.
Mr. FENTON. I appeal to the Senator from !
Vermont to withdraw his objection in both ;
cases, and let them pass. ;
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; my friend will ex-
cuse me ; and my reason is this: this is a ques-
tion, in my opinion, involving a great deal
more than the money which is named in these
bills. I think it is the worst possible policy
for us, except in cases of the utmost extremity,
to grant relief in such cases at all. It en-
courages negligence; it encourages fraud and
theft, and all sorts of dishonesty. Postmasters
and internal revenue officers ought to be told
that they are positively and absolutely respon-
sible, just as a banker is, for the public funds
intrusted to them; and that they owe a debt
to the Government that they must pay and ,
take their chances of misfortunes. , If they
do not like that they can retire from the public
service. But I do not rise to discuss it now.
I only think it right, after having made this uni-
versal protest against this sort of thing, that
the two cases should be considered together;
so this bill had better go over with the other.
This course does not dispose of it adversely at
all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects, and the bill will be passed
over.
hauy a. coolidge. ,
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 346) for the relief of Mary A. Cool-
idge.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue new bonds, one for
$1,000, and nine for $100 each, with coupons
attached, from-and including that of-July 1,
1864, to Mary A- Coolidge, of Augusta} Maine,
in place of her Coupon bonds of a like amount
destroyed by fire; but before issuing the new
bonds thfe Secretary of the Treasury is to
require ti stifficient bond of indemnity secur-
ing- the Government against the presentation
of the bonds alleged to be destroyed.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with an amendment, to strike out after the
word "issue" in the fourth line the following
words: . .
New bonds, one for $1,000, nine for $100 each, with
coupons attached from and including that of July
1,1864, to Mary A. Coolidge. of Augusta, Maine, in
place of her coupon bonds of a like amount destroyed
by fire.
And to insert itt lien thereof:
Four new bonds, for $100 each, with.coupons at-
tached from and including the coupons of Jafy 1,
1864, to'Mary A. Coolidge, of Augusta, Maine, in lieu
of her- five-twenty coupon bonds of a like amount,
of the second series, and numbered 45489,45490,45191,
and 45492, respectively, destroyed by fire.
The amendment "was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the report
in this case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
cannot at this moment find the report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then let the bill be
passed over.
Mr. HOWE. I think the report must be
with the papers. The amount involved is very
small, and the proofs before the committee
were very plain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will he passed oyer, and when
the report shall be found, be again taken up.
Mr. COLE. I see that the bill provides for
the issue of new bonds. It may be that the
plates of those bonds have been destroyed, and
it may be impossible, without great expense, to
supply the new bonds.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is not
objected to, but it will be passed over until the
report can be found.
Mr. COLE. I think the better way would
be to pav the money out and out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
has now found the report and it will be read.
The Secretary read the following report sub-
mitted by Mr. Howe, from the Committee on
Claims, on the 4th of March last:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
bill S. No. 346, for the relief of Mary A. Coolidge,
submit this their report:
This claim is for the payment or reissue of five-
twenty ooods to the amount of $1,900, which the
claimant testifies were destroyed by fire on the 30th
day of June, 18(34.
She states in her affidavit that she had nine bonds
of the denomination of $100 each, and one of the
denomination of SI,000, with other securities, locked
up in a small trunk, and deposited in the wardrobe
of her room, also locked, at her boardinR-h<,use,
where she had boarded several years, in the city of
Augusta, Maine, and which was burned on that day
with its contents.
She shows wlien and how the bonds were pur-
chased, but had no memoranda, or personal kpowl-
edee of their numbers or series. She purchased the
61,000 bond, and five of the $100 bonds of a Mr. Dun-
ning, of Bangor Maine, through Hon. S. P. Strick-
land, who testify to th e fact but oannot identify them.
The other fourof tho $100bonds woro purchased of
Mr. William T. Johnson, of Augusta, in June, 1863,
who describes them in his affidavit ns of the second
series, and numbered 45489, 45890, 45891, and 45892,
respectively.
The circumstances of the fire are given with much
particularity by several witnesses, and theliighchar-
acter of the claimant is well established.
The corroborative testimony of the destruction of
tho bonds, added to the claimant's affidavit, and the
fact that no coupons from such as are identified have
appeared at the Treasury Department since the al-
leged destruction, justify, in the opinion of your
committee, the issue of bonds in lieu of those iden-
tified, upon the claimant furnishing asufficient secur-
ity against the reappearance of the originals.
Thecommitteereport the bill back with an amend-
ment, and recommend that it be.«o amended and
passed.  
Mr. CORBETT. Did I understand from the
reading of the report that there have been no
coupons of those bonds presented since the
fire?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CORBETT. And there is no way of
ascertaining the liumbers, to know whether
coupons were presented of those bonds or not?
The bill was reported to the Senateasaraend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in..
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 173) to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to collect wrecked and
abandoned property, derelict claims, and dues
belonging to the United States; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
eneollkd bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 271) for the relief of Colonel
Samuel W. Price, of the twenty-first Kentucky
volunteers; and it was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
house bill referred.
The jointresolution (H. R. No. 173) to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to collect wrecked
and abaftdoned property, derelict claims, and
dues belonging to the United States was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
repeal of test-oath.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 301) for the repeal of certain laws
therein named.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes
to repeal an act entitled "An act to prescribe
an oath of office, and for other purposes,"  P"
proved July 2,1862, and all parts of other acts
