2014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Virginia; of John G.' Witcher, Pittsylvania
county, Virginia; of John W. Christmas, Louisa
county," Virginia ; of Stephen D. Keith and
Isaac Wicklift', South Carolina; of I. D. Mor-
ris, Christian county, Kentucky ; of Joab H.
Banton, Texas; of W. M. Ives, Florida; of
Thomas L. Pleasants, Henrico county, Vir
ginia; of A. E. McClure, Texas; of H. C.
Cowan, Franklin county, Tennessee; of T.
Sraoot, Madison county, Virginia; of R. C.
McCarty, Loudon county, Virginia; of C. P.
Shaw, Alexandria county, Virginia; of James
D. Halyburton, Henrico county, Virginia; of
John F. Wren, Henrico county, Virginia; of
B. F. McVeigh, Albemarle county, Virginia;
of J. J. Moorman, M. D., Roanoke county,
Virginia; of William R. Denny, Frederick
county, Virginia j of William Latham, Culpep-
per county, Virginia; of Walter Powell, Fair-
fax county, Virginia; of Henry B. Coleman,
Halifax county, Virginia; of C. M. Adkis-
son, Halifax county, Virginia ; of U. Perrill,
Orange county, Virginia; of Andrew J. Brent,
Northumberland county, Virginia; of Absalom
G. Garnett, Culpepper county, Virginia; of
James Simmonds, Lancaster county, Virginia;
of Elijah Ball, New Kent county, Virginia;
of George Wright, Virginia; of Bidkar George,
Lancaster county, Virginia; of E. R. Purcell,
Loudon county, Virginia; of H. G. Moffetts,
Rappahannock county, Virginia ; of D. True-
liart, Amelia county, Virginia ; of T. Terrill,
Orange county, Virginia; of John R. Miller,
Rappahannock county, Virginia ; of William
A. Lillord, Rappahannock county, Virginia;
of S. C. Dodson, North Carolina; of Robert
lsbell, Appomattox county, Virginia ; of Joel
B. Leftwich, Campbell county, Virginia ; of
John J. Borrougbs, Princess Anne county, Vir-
ginia; ofR. E. Bouldin, Charlotte county, Vir-
ginia; of James F. Simms, Albemarle county,
Virginia ; of William C. Fowler, Virginia, ;_of
F. W. lsbell, Appomattox county, Virginia;
of William G. Clayton, Bedford county, Vir-
ginia ; of Abner Anthony, Campbell county,
Virginia ; of Abner Early, Campbell county,
Virginia; of Luke Wade, Campbell county,
Virginia; of Joshua M. Fields, Scott county,
Virginia; of James Corwin, Wythe county,
Virginia; of Charles QuiUin and William G.
Thomas, Scott county. Virginia; of James L.
Cole, David E. Price, and John II. Preston,
Washington county, Virginia; of R. A. Brock,
Richmond, Virginia; ot' Samuel E. Lee, W.
M. Bagley,W. L. Bragg, sr., T. T. Shackleton,
Martin Barnes, Elisha B.Jackson, George W.
Hardy, Henry Stokes, Vincent Inge, Thomas
II. Campbell, and George W. Jones, Virginia;
of Willis P. Wills, Nelson county, Virginia;
of James P. Ireland, Nelson county, Virginia;
of John W. Wilson, Prince Edward county,
Virginia; of S. II. Tui*pin, Bedford county,
Virginia; of William E. lsbell, Appomattox
county, Virginia, and of R. S. Field, Virginia ;
praying for the removal of their political disa-
bilities ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
H. P. Reid and others, practicing lawyers, re-
siding in Friar's Point, the county seat of Coa-
homa county, Mississippi, praying for the re-
moval of the place for holding the district court
of the United States from the town of Oxford
to Holly Springs ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
reports of committees.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
653) to promote the securing of efficient sea-
men for the Navy of the United States, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (,S. No. 584) to incorporate the United Aid
Association of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, reported it without amendment.
Mr, McDONALD, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 263) to establish cer-
tain post roads in the State of Alabama, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 676) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular systems of the United States,"
passed August 18,1856, and for otherpurposes ;
which was read twice by its title.
bills introduced.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
677) to change the place of holding the courts
of the United States for the Albemarle district
of North Carolina; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No. 678)
to give effect to contracts made in behalf of
the United States; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 679)
to organize the territory of Ok-la-ho-ma, con-
solidate the Indian tribes under a territorial
government, and carry out the provisions of
the treaties of 1866 with certain Indian tribes;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
680) for the relief of Captain J. H. Merrill;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
681) for the relief of ship-builders and persons
furnishing materials, and to provide a speedy
remedy for the collection of claims against
domestic ships and vessels; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. B'ENTON. The bill is accompanied by
a petition from ship-builders and persons fur-
nishing materials for ship-building residing in
the city of New York, which I move be referred,
with the bill, to the Committee oil the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and W? unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 158) for the relief of Brig-
adier General Gabriel R. Paul, of the United
States Army; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 159) authorizing the Post-
master General to prescribe an earlier time for
the execution of contracts by accepted bid-
ders, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
abolition of pranking privilege.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that House bill No.
986, to abolish the franking privilege, be made
the special order for Tuesday next, after the
morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
requires a two-thirds vote.
The motion was agreed to.
order op business.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
252, and I wish to say a few words in refer-
ence to the importance of the bill.
Mr. FERRY". I shall object. I must insist
on the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itrequires unani-
mous consent under the new rule.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish the Senator from Con-
necticut would yield in this particular instance.
The bill is to provide for a purpose which can-
not be well accomplished later in the season.
Tt is for the sale of some land in the State of
South Carolina belonging to the United States
which ought to be sold, the omission to sell
which is a very serious detriment not only to
the interests of the United States but to the
interests of all the people in a considerable
section of our State. I have waited for a long
period to get this bill up before the Senate. I
entreat the Senator from Connecticut to waive
his objection at this time. It can be disposed
of in a very few minutes.
Mr. POMEROY. Since the committee re-
ported that bill the chairman has received a
long communication suggesting several amend-
ments which I want to show to the Senator
from South Carolina before the bill is consid-
ered. I received it during the Senator's brief
absence, and have not been able to show it to
him. I should not like to have the bill con-
sidered until those amendments at least have
been passed upon by the Senator from South
Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I give notice that sis
soon as I can, after a conference with the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands on this
matter, I shall press this bill on every oppor-
tunity.
joint indian committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having been concluded, the next busi-
ness in order is the Calendar of resolutions
laid over, the first being the House concurrent
resolution providing for a joint committee on
Indian policy.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] informs me that he is willing to yield
to a motion to take up the resolution in regard
to the consideration of treaties for the acquisi-
tion of foreign territory in open Senate, and
with the consent of the Senator from Iowa I
move that that resolution be taken up and dis-
posed of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask to have
this resolution placed at the foot of the Cal-
endar.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that it should be
passed over for the present and retain its posi-
tion on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves that the concurrent reso-
lution be placed at the foot of the Calendar of
resolutions.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that it be passed
over, which takes precedence of his motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves that it be passed over, which
has precedence of the motion to put it at the
foot of the Calendar. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Kansas to pass
over the concurrent resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
treaties for foreign territory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut now asks unanimous consent to
take up the resolution 
Mr. FERRY. I move to take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be done
under the new rule. It must be taken up in
its regular order, except by unanimous coil-
sent. The Senator from Connecticut asks that
the resolution in regard to considering treaties
for the annexation of foreign countries be
taken up. The Chair hears no objection, and
it is before the Senate. The resolution will be
read.
The Secretary read the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Ferry on the 10th instant :
Resolved, That the tliirty-ninth rale bo amended
tiy adding thereto:
But this rule shall not apply to any treaty for the
annexation to the United States of the entire domin-
ion of any foreign Power, but any such treaty shall
be considered and the question of its ratification
decided in open session of the Senate.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask a question.
