B902
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
Ma}r 27,
this District at $6,500, as the Senate have just
affirmed. I do this because the circuit judges
have a class of expenses that the others have
not at all. We all of us know how very heavy
are hotel expenses and living away from a
man's settled home. To say that there would
be but $1,500 a year spent by a circuit judge
in the necessary and most moderate expenses
of travel, would be to state the ease very.mod-
erately. . •
Mr. HOWARD. No doubt of it.
Mr. BAYARD. I think that the salary of
the associate justices of the Supreme -Court of
the United States has been put by the amend-
ment too low at $8,000; but they have now
much less of circuit travel than these other
judges who are compelled to attend all the
terms of the circuit courts in their respective
districts. I trust the Senate will recognize the
reason of this and give to these gentlemen at
least $1,500 a year to pay their expensive hotel
bills and the cost of travel, in addition to what
you give the chief justice of the court of this
District.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware to the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
The question being put, there were, on a
divisions-ayes 23, noes 20.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. WARNER. I would simply remind the
Senate that some of these circuit judges have
five States to travel over. The judge of the
fifth cirouit, for instance, has Florida, Geor-
gia, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas in his
circuit.
Mr. BOREMAN. It is scarcely twelve
months since these circuit judges were provided
for. We had no difficulty in selecting judges
for these positions ; the applications were very
numerous. The offices have been filled with
the understanding that the judges were to get
$5,000 a year as their salary. Now within
twelve months it is proposed to increase that
fifty per cent. I think it is due to the people
of the country that these salaries should re-
main at the rate now fixed by law, and should
not be increased at all.
- The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Carpenter,Cas-
serly^ Davis, Ferry, Ilarlan, Howard, Johnston, Nye,
Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Snrague,
Stewart, Stookton, Sumner, Tip ton, viokers, Warner.
WiWiams, and Yates—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreraan, Bucking-
ham, Cole, Corbet.t, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harris, Mo-
Creory, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pratt, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Spencer, Trumbull, o.nd Willey—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron. Cattell,
Chandler, Conkling, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Gilbert, llowe, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, Mc-
Donald, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Patter-
son,. Pomeroy, Revels, Robertson, Sohurz, Thayer,
Thurman, ana Wilson—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL.- 1 think there is too much
difference between the salary of the chief jus-
tice of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia and the associate justices. There is
no reason why there should be $1,500 differ-
ence between these. The present law. makes
but $500 difference. I move, to strike out
" $0,500" and insert "$5,000" as the salary
of the chief justice of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia. That will leave his asso-
ciates $5,000. You should either put up the
associates or reduce him ; but as the associates
have been fixed at $5,000,1 move that-the sal-
ary of the chief justice of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia be $5,500.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
Mr. STEWART. Now, it seems to me the
salaries of the associate judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States ought to be $9,000,
the Chief Justice being $10,000. There should
not be over $1,000 difference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is not in
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would
only be in order by unanimous consent, as the
Senate have put in the amount of $8,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
in line two by striking out "January" and
inserting "July;" so as to have it commence
on the 1st day of July, being the commencement
of the fiscal year.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly; I accept that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr." TRUMBULL. There ought to be an-
other amendment to this provision if it is to
pass. We are now increasing very largely the
salaries of these judges. There is a provision
of law somewhere—I have not been able to
turn to it—that allows the associate justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States resid-
ing in the circuit on the Pacific coast $1,000
for traveling expenses. Now, the circuit in
which Judge Field presides is the smallest cir-
cuit in the Union. He does not have anything
like as much travel as Judge Bradley will have
in the southern circuit, and other judges. Be-
sides, we now have a railroad by which he can
come right across the continent. There is no
reason why he should be paid $1,000 more
than the other associatejustices of the Supreme
Court. There should be an amendmentinthat
respect.
Mr. STEWART. That can be done in the
text of the bill where there is an appropriation
for that purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is in the
present appropriation bill $1,000 appropriated
for traveling expenses of the associate justice
of the Supreme Court of the Pacific circuit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That appropria-
tion is in the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That ought to be re-
pealed. There is no propriety in keeping that
up now. We may as well change it here.
Mr. SAWYER. It is on page 55 of the bill,
line thirteen hundred and eighty-four.
- Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire of the Sena-
tor from Maine, is there a statute for that, or is
it kept up by appropriation ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is a stat-
ute for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then we ought to put
on this bill a provision repealing that statute,
and also to strike out the word3 making that
appropriation.
Mr. STEWART. That ought not to be done
unless this amendment is carried in the other
House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose we put on the
present amendment, at the end of it, a provis-
ion repealing the law allowing $1,000 to the
judge presiding in that circuit.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to
the Senator from Illinois that lie-is premature
about this matter. If this amendment is ac-
cepted by the Senate then he may move to
strike out that appropriation, and if it is agreed
to by the House, then the provision for repeal-
ing that law may be added.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Isuggestto theSenator
that we want not only to strike out the appro-
priation but to repeal the law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that; but we should not do it in advance of
the adoption of the main amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They might both go
together. ■ I have stated the object.
Mr. STEWART. The chairman of the
committee will take care of that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will be under-
stood to be the sense of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thequestion ison
the amendment of the Senator from Nevada,
as amended.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to have it
reported-.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as
amended, reads:
And be it further enacted. That from and after tho
1st day of July; A. D.1870, the salary of the Chief
Justice o#the Supreme Court of the United States
shall be $10,000 per annum, and the salary of csich of
the associatejustices of said oourtshall be $10,000 per
annum, to be- paid in the manner now provided by
law. And the salary of judges of the circuit courts
shall be $7,500 per annum, and the salary of the chief
justice of tho supreme court of the District of Co-
lumbia shall bo $5,500 per annum; and the salary of
tho district judges, thejudgesof theCourtofCl.iims,
and the associate judges of the supremo court of the
District of Columbia shall be$5,000 per annum. And
the amount necessary to pay such increased salaries
for the year ending June 30, 1871, is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in tho Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is so important an
amendment that, in my judgment, we ought to
have a division on it.
The question being taken, there were on a
division—ayes 27, noes 14.
Mr. PRATT and Mr. SPENCER called for
the yeas and nays; and they werfe ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say one word
upon this amendmentand in favor of its adop-
tion. I think the Senate of the United States
would present an interesting spectacle to this
country if, after having voted to increase the
salaries of the female clerks of the Treasury
and the other Departments of the Government
to the amount of four or five hundred thou-
sand dollars, it should refuse to allow to the
judges of our Federal courts a reasonable com-
pensation for their services. In my humble
judgment if there is anything disagreeable to
this country it is the mean and niggardly sala-
ries that we pay all our officers, from Presi-
dent down; and so far as I am concerned, I
am ready and willing to advance these sala-
ries, so that men. who perform services to the
country may devote their time, their attention,
and all their abilities to the public service, and
not be compelled to engage in all sorts of pri-
vate operations to enable themselves to sup-
port their families in a reasonable and decent
manner. Sir, here are the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States and
the associate justices, and the judges of the
circuit courts, who now receive five or six
thousand dollars per annum, an amount which
the experience of every man shows to be in-
adequate to furnish a competency for their
support and the support of their families. This
is a proposition to raise that amount, adding
but very little to the expenses of the Govern-
ment, and I hope the Senate will do itself the
credit to adopt this amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to add a single
word in the same direction with the remarks
of the Senator from Oregon. I should like
exceedingly to go considerably into this sub-
ject, but cannot, of course, do so now, as I do
not propose to transgress the limit of debate.
One of two things is certain. The time is
coming and now is when one of two courses
must be adopted. The salaries for civil ser-
vice in this country must be put up, or this
Government must go practically into the hands
of an aristocracy of wealth. Who is interested
in this question of increasing the salaries?
We hear the cry, "You must not increase the
burdens of the people." Who is interested
in this matter? Nobody but the poor men of
the country. Look at the Senators who could
be named in this body worth their millions.
What do they care whether the salary of a
Senator is five or ten thousand dollars ? The
difference does not make a ripple on their bank
account. But to the poor man it makes a dif-
ference whether he can hold the place or not
hold it._ An act of Congress which provided
that no judge should sit on the Supreme bench
unless he had a certain income would raise an
insurrection in this country, and yet what is
the practical difference between such an act
and one which fixes the salary so low that a
man cannot take the place unless he has a
private income?
Look back at the incident that occurred in
our own history at the commencement of our
