1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
twenty-five cents therefor, and the fee of fifteen
cents for an oath to an attorney in fact, in cases
where such attorney in person, collects a pen-
sion. The pensioner, in addition, is required
to pay the fee of a notary public, at the place
of his local residence, for administering an oath
to verify "the papers."
In addition to this, claim agents or others
for attending to the collection of the pensions
and supervising the preparation of the pension
papers, and the business of corresponding with
the pension agents, charge pensioners each a
fee of probably $3 60 for collecting each semi-
annual pension.
The pensioners are not all able to carry on
the necessary correspondence and transact
business with remote pension agents having
their offices at an average of more than a hun-
dred miles from the pensioners. It has been
found that in many instances pensioners would
prepare their own papers; in some cases claim
agents would prepare them; and thus the pen-
sion agents would to that extent lose the fee
of twenty-five cents semi-annually for prepar-
ing " the papers."
I ii December last the pension agents, or a
portion of them, held a convention in Wash-
ington, one object of which was to suggest to
Congress the propriety of providing by law
that pensions should not be paid to claim
agents; but they did not forget also to consider
ihat it would be to their own advantage to
secure to themselves in all cases a fee of forty
cents for preparing " the papers," and thus to
cut off not only the claim agfent, but also to
deny even to the pensioner the privilege of
preparing his own papers and saving the fee.
They did not devise a plan of saving the pen-
sioners from the cost of a local notary for
administering the oath to the papers, nor from
the fees of an agent or attorney for correspond-
ence and management of the business, nor
from postage.
The result was that a bill was introduced by
the chairman of the Committee on Pensions,
on the 13th of December, which it is under-
stood was satisfactory to the pension agents, and
this bill has been already discussed on several
occasions. I will ask the Clerk to read sections
three, four, and five of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That hereafter no
pension shall be paid to any person other than the
pensioner entitled thereto, nor otherwise than accord-
ing to the provisions of this act; and no warrant,
power of attorney, or other paper executed or pur-
portingto be executed by any pensioner to any attor-
ney, claim agent, broker, or other person, shall be
recognized by any agentfor tho.payment of pensions,
norshallanypensionbepaidthereon: Provided, Ihat
payment to persons laboring under legal disabilities
may be made to the guardians of such persons in the
manner herein prescribed: And provided farther,
That pensions payable to persons in foreign coun-
tries may be made according to tho provisions of ex-
isting laws.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That as full com-
pensation for the preparation of the voucher and all
other service attending the payment of each pension,
the pension agent shall be entitled to a foe of forty
cents and no more, which may be deducted from the
amount due each pensioner; and anj; pension agent
or other person who shall, directly or indirectly, take
or receive or demand a greater sum than forty cents
for such service shall forfeit and pay the sum of $500
for each offense, to be recovered by indictment in
any court of competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall cause suitable blanks for
the vouchers mentioned in the first section of this act
to be printed and distributed to the agents for the
payment of pensions, upon which he shall cause a
note to be printed informing pensioners of the fact
that hereafter no pension will be paid except upon
the vouchers issued as herein directed, and tho fee
to which the pension a$ent is entitled; and he shall
also give all necessary instructions for carrying this
act into effect.
Mr. LAWBENCE. In a communication to
this House from the Postmaster General, dated
January 11, to which is attached a report from
the Commissioner of Pensions, this officer says:
" claim AGENTS.
" I am convinced from the proofs that have been
accumulating for the past six months that the aver-
agei amount paid by the pensioners, for the collection
ot tne semi-annual payments, to the claim agents and
a«-*w2>ennkls.at 'p118* 50, aggregating the amount
ot *700,000 at each semi-annual payment. * * ♦
" FEES OP PENSION AGENTS, ETC.
" The legal expense to the pensioner for collecting
each semi-annual payment is under the present
system from forty-six to seventy-six cents, namely:
Cents.
For preparing vouchers v   25
Administering oath to identifying witnesses Lat
local residence of pensioner] 30
Administering oath to attorney [at pension
agency] 
Postage 06
Total..
76
" When no identifying witnesses are required, tho
fees for that oath would be deducted from the above
amount, [that is, when the pensioner appears in per-
son at the pension agency and is personally known.]"
On the 11th of January this bill was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
on my motion—
" With instructions to so amend the bill as to pro-
vide for tho payment of pensions in every county
I in each State and Territory free of expense to pen-
j sioners."
| I am informed by the chairman of the com-
I inittee [Mr. Benjamin] that the bill will be
i reported back with a recommendation that the
| fourth section, whichhas been read to theHouse,
be stricken out, and that there be inserted in
lieu thereof a section as follows :
" That every pension agent or other person |rho
shall take, receivo, or demand any pay from any
pensioner for any service in connection with the
payment of his or her pension, shall forfeit and pay
the sum of $500, to be recovered by indictment in any
court of competent jurisdiction."
And with this change the committee will, as
I attj, informed by the chairman, recommend
the passage of the bill.
I submit to the House that the committee,
in theVecommendation which they propose to
moke, will not comply with the instructions
under which the bill was recommitted. The
whole scope of the debate shows that it was
the design of the House to secure an officer in
every county to prepare "the papers" for pen-
sioners and pay pensions. The bill, in the
shape in which the committee propose to put
it, is utterly impracticable. To secure the
payment of a pension, a correspondence with
pension agents must be carried on; time and
attention will be required to superintend the j
verification of papers; and for this all com- ,
pensation is prohibited. This may render it '
extremely difficult, if not in some cases im-
possible, for pensioners to collect their pen-
sions. This will still leave pensioners to pay
notaries public for administering and certifying
oaths to pension papers. The remedy for all
this is to provide an officer in every county
whose duty it shall be to prepare "the papers,"
administer oaths, pay pensions without cost to
them, without the necessity of calling in the
aid of "agents, without correspondence, and
without the delay which must necessarily result
from incorrect vouchers, &c.
Under the bill as it is to be submitted to the
House by the committee, each pensioner who
cannot go in person to a pension agent will be
required to make oath to his voucher before a
notary public.
This alone will cost the pensioners annually
$145,800. This is required now, and is in addi-
tion to the other and greater fees imposed by
pension agents on pensioners, and is, in addi-
tion to the charges of claim agents, estimated,
as already shown* at $1,400,000 annually,
drawn from the meager pensions of wounded
and crippled soldiers, or the widows, orphans,
and dependent relatives of dead heroes and
patriots. The objections in part, then, to the
present system are:
1. It is unnecessarily expensive to the Gov-
ernment, costing in commissions, clerk hire,
and rent for pension agents, annually, about two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars. (Acts of
July 17, 1862; June 30, 1864; and June 6,
186B; 12 Stat., 629 ; 13Stat., 325 ; 14Stat., 57.)
It costs annually for clerks in the Pension
Office, the office of the Second Comptroller,
and Third Auditor of the Treasury, $113,600.
2. It is cumbrous and inconvenient to pen-
sioners. The business of verifying vouchers,
transmitting them by mail, correcting erro-
neous verifications, corresponding, &c., is at-
tended with great inconvenience, often with
delay, and always with unnecessary trouble.
3. It costs pensioners, in fees of pension
agents, postage, and notaries, more than
$364,500; and fees of claim agents and attor-
neys annually, $1,400,000.
4. It furnishes no means of detecting false
personations or frauds.
The Secretary of the Interior, in his annual
report, very forcibly and truly says :
"Investigations made during the past summer
have proven the commission of very numerous
frauds in procuring false testimony, by means of
which certificates of pensions have been wrongfully
obtained. Diligent effort is being made to bring the
offenders to justice, but the mode of appointing and
paying pension agents and medical examiners should
be changed, with a view to increasing their efficiency
as aids to tho office in protecting the Government
against fraudulent claims.
"The pension agents are now entitled to a per-
centage upon _the amount of money disbursed by
them. In my judgment this is the exact opposite of
the true rule in such cases. _ The Government may
be benefited by payingcollectingofficers a percentage
on their collections, since their vigilance is stimu-
lated in that way; but to increase the officer's com-
pensation in the ratio of the amount disbursed is to
make it his interest to be blind to frauds, which tend
to increase the payments to be made by him and his
own consequent profit. I would recommend, there-
fore, that the salaries of the several pension agents
be fixed at the amount actually paid them during the
past fiscal year, and that the sliding scale, depend-
ent upon disbursements, be abolished."
And we are informed that—
" Of the pensioned widows of soldiers in the rev-
olutionary war there survive: one of those married
prior to 1783, fifty-four of those married betweenl783
and 1794, thirty-eight of those married between 1794
and 1800, and seven hundred and ninety-five of those
married since 1800; eight hundred and eighty-seven
in all, and only one less than the preceding year."
It is perfectly certain that more than one of
these venerable widows have died in the year;
but persons falsely personating them still draw
the pensions, and we are asked by the Com-
missioner of Pensions to appropriate $30,000
to enable him to employ and pay special agents
to detect frauds of various kinds on the pen-
sion laws. (Ex. Doc. No. 5, second sess.
Forty-First Cong., p. 50.) •
In his communication accompanying that of
the Postmaster General, he says:
" The frauds are of two kinds; the first is where tho
admission of a pension claim is procured through for-
gery and perjury; many such oases have been admit-
ted and paid, and many now are pending. This is a
fraud upon tho Government. The second is where the
claim is properly admitted, but the claim agent ap-
propriates to himself one fourth, one third, or even
onehalf of the amount due on the pension certificate.
This is a fraud upon the pensioner. Many cases of
this kind have been brought to the attention of this
office in the past six months. There are likewise
many cases wheTe pension certificates have been
granted, upon which payments have been regularly
made, not one oent of which has ever reached the
hands of the pensioner. Suspension of payments
have been made in all such cases known to this
office."
The bill proposed by the committee is de-
signed to relieve the system of paying pensions
of none of these objections except only that it
may cut off the fees of claim agents and attor-
neys for collecting pensions and of fees for
preparing "the papers," but cannot relieve
pensioners from the cost of notaries' fees of
$145,800 annually; and, disguise it as you may,
charges will be made on pensioners for corre-
spondence and other services in securing pen-
sions which will probably cost the pensioners
$500,000 annually. If the motion should pre-
vail which the chairman of the committee [Mr.
Benjamin] proposes to make, as he informs me,
to so amend the bill as to give the pension agents
fees, and charge them on the Government, it
will swell the Government expenses $194,400
annually: And the bill offers no relief to pen-
sioners by providing for more frequent payment
of pensions. Unless this is done many, very
many, of the most needy pensioners will be com-
pelled to discount their pensions in advance or
borrow little sums at heavy rates of interest, as
they do now all over the country. To show
the extent of this I ask the Clerk to read the
following letter from the Commissioner of Pen-
sions.
