1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
The Clerk read as follows:
flars
third parties as collateral security for money loaned
to pensioners I would beg to state that from appar-
ently reliable representations made to me since con-
noted with this office there are parties in all of the
laree cities who make a regular business of loaning
on these pledged certificates as security ; that some
of these parties hold from five to eight thousand j
eertificates, and that the rate of interest is three for
fir© dollars if the loan is made soon after the semi-
annual payment is made, and if loaned within twenty
or thirty days of the next semi-annual payment the
rate is reduced to four for five dollars. Generally
these loans or advances are made in driblets, in
small snms reaching through the six months inter-
vening between the payments; in all of which oases
the interest is charged at the highest rates. One
broker of this kind told me last July that he had at
that time over forty-four thousand dollars out at such
rates on such security.
I am. very truly, yours. R ^ AERNAM
Hon. William Lawrenck,
House of Representative. I
Mr. LAWRENCE. If the plan I propose
should be adopted the soldiers will be relieved :
of much of this imposition. I would make the
payments bi-monthly if I could, but they should
at least be made quarter yearly. I
The necessity for a local officer of the Gov- i
ernment in each county to authenticate claims !
for pensions was urged upon the attention of i
Congress by the Secretary of the Interior in
his annual report of 1862, who then said:
" Considerable difficulty has been experienced in
prescribing a mode of authenticating pension claims
which shall be sufficiently liberal to claimants and
at the same time protect the Government against
frauds. To require all applications to be authen-
ticated before acourt of record causes much trouble,
and in many cases unreasonable expense to the
applicants. ,
"If the authentication before any person author-
ized to administer oaths shall be admitted as sufficient
experience has demonstrated that the Government
is exposed to gross frauds. Large sums have been
obtained from the Treasury upon fraudulent cer-
tificates of justices of the peace and notaries.
" To remedy these evils it is recommended that
the Department be authorised to appoint pension
commissioners, who shall be authorized to receive
applications, administer the necessary oaths, and
certify the papers to the Pension Office under proper
regulations. The commissioners should receive.from
the applicants reasonable fees for theiCservices, and
the pension certificates should be forwarded to them
to be delivered to the pensioners. A commissioner
may be appointed in each county where it is proba-
ble any applicants for pension may reside.
"The adoption of a system like this would protect
applicants for pensions from the unjust charges
which in many cases are now made by. agents and
attorneys."—Report Secretary of the Interior, Novem-
ber 29,1862. third session Thirty-Seventh Congress,
Ex. Doc., volume 2,No. 5, p. 16.
If these local agents are practicable and
necessary in the preparation of papers to estab-
lish pension claims they are equally proper for
paying them.
I am opposed to the whole system now in
operation of paying pensions and to the bill in
the shape in which the committee propose to
put it. The plan of pension agents was adopted
by the act of April 24, 1816, (3 Stat., 297,)
before the era of railroads, when mail facilities
were limited, unsafe, and imperfect. We have
inherited it, and it continues when circum-
stances have so changed as to render it inex-
pedient.
In all the States east of the Missouri river
pensions could be paid almost as readily from
the Pension Office or the Treasury Department
at Washington as through the pension agents.
The War Department has paid since April,
1865, to soldiers for back pay, bounties, and
other claims, I do not know how many mil-
lions, probably over $500,000,000, without
the intervention of local pay agents, on evi-
dence of record or vouchers received by mail,
and by checks drawn payable to the order of
claimants and sent by mail.
Here is a specimen of the mode of doing
this business:
War Department,
Paymaster General's Office,
Washington, January 22,1870.
Sis ; I have this day inclosed discharge and check
No. 3366 on Assistant Treasurer, New York, for two
hundred and thirteen dollars and seventy-seven
cents (1213 77) to Joseph F. Black, late private com-
pany F. first California volunteers, Sidney, Ohio,
being the amount due him of additional travel
under act of March 2,1867.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. H. BROOKE,
Paymaster United States Army.
Hon. W. Lawrence, M. G.,
House of Representatives.
This is the case in which you forwarded the
vouohers from this office.
And millions are paid out annually for every
purpose of the Government in the same mode.
The Postmaster General, in his communica-
tion of January 11, already referred to, while
he opposes the plan of paying by post office
money-orders, says:
" On the other hand, every check on an Assistant
Treasurer sent to a pensioner, being for a small sum,
could easily be cashed without delay.' * * *
"The payment of pensioners more frequently than
twice a year, if it should be deemed expedient, could,
in my judgment, be made with greater facility, sim-
plicity. and certainty by means of checks drawn on
an Assistant Treasurer in favor of the pensioner and
sent directly to him by the Commissioner or some
designated officer of his bureau than by the money-
order system. Why could not such a check-be sent
each pensioner instead of delivering to the post-
master at Washington similar checks or Treasury
warrants for a gross sum, which must be divided up
into small amounts, for each of which a money order
must be sent to the pensioner, and the process gone
' through of supplying each postmaster with drafts on
thepostmaster at New Y ork, to whom the postmaster
, at Washington dispatches the warrant or check paid
1 by the Commissioner for the orders? Furthermore,
i if checks on Assistant Treasurers be used the only
expense incurred is the cost of the blank check. If
the money-order system be employed the cost of fees
and other expenses, as above stated, would be quite
equal to the amount of commissions now paid annu-
ally to pension agents."
But I do not urge payment of pensions in
this mode. It is practicable to pay through
the sixteen hundred and twenty national banks
without cost to the Government. Here is what
is said by the Secretary of the Interior, in his
annual report of 1864:
" It was recommended to Congress at its last ses-
sion that an act be passed requiring the national
banks to discharge the duties of pension agents. It
was believed that by that instrumentality the con-
venience of the pensioners would be greatly pro-
moted and the expense attending the employment
of agents avoided. Since the adjournment of Con-
gress communications have been received from most
of those banks expressing a willingness to perform
the duty without charge to theGovernment. I renew
the recommendation that a law be passed charging
the banks with the payment of pensions whenever
it shall be the pleasure of the Department to require
it of them. .
"Since the last annual report of this Department
seven additional agencies for paying- pensions have
been established, and it is believed that the number
now in operation will be sufficient to transact the
business should the present system of payments be
continued."—Annual Report Secretary Interior, De-
cember 5,1864, Doc. No. 1, page 12, second session
Thirty-Eighth Congress.
Certainly no one can doubt the capacity of
these banks to perform this duty, and sixteen
hundred and twenty banks all over the country
would bring payments very near to almost all
of the pensioners. They would certainly be
more convenient than fifty-nine pension agents.
It is practicable to pay through the principal
and most carefully selected postmasters of the
country, and thus to secure payments in almost
every county.
The post office department in England long
ago advanced from its original business of carry-
ing letters at high rates to the penny postage
system, then to the carrying of books and par-
cels, then to the postoffiee money-order system,
then to the business of savings-banks, then to the
issne of annuities and life insurance policies,
and recently it has secured telegraphic com-
munication to all the people at a vastly reduced
cost.
There are in England thirty-six hundred
money-order offices
" in all the principal towns and villages, and the
funds they transmit, sent with perfect safety, have
grown to $90,000,000 yearly."
A reliable writer says:
" When Sir Rowland Hill first proposed the penny
postage and reforms in the postal system of Eng-
land, a noble lord, then postmaster general; refer-
ring to his plan remarked: 'Of all the wild and
visionary schemes I have ever hea d of it is the most
extravagant.' At that time the annual delivery of
letters in the British Isles was eighty-two millions
and a half, yielding on the average nearly twenty-
five cents each, and costing for transmission nearly
two-thirds of that amount: and the idea of reducing
the rate to a penny or two cents a letter with any
hope of covering the expense seemed to be prepos-
terous. At length, however, after long discussions,
the measure was adopted, and with remarkable suc-
cess; and the success of the reduction has led to
other important results not then contemplated, and
to improvements which appear to be progressive.
" At first there was a great decline in revenue, but
letters have annually increased under the new sys-
tem, andinl867 roso to the number of 774,831,000, or
to forty-six letters on the average from each inhab-
itant, nearly tenfold the number before reduction.
England is enabled by the returns to pay to rail-
ways alone, of which she has thirteen thousand miles.
$2,800,000 for transmission of letters.
" Induced by this success,Parliament then ingrafted
upon the system the carriage of books and parcels
of moderate size, and these rose during the last year
to the number of one hundred and two millions.
" The next step in the progress of the post office was
the establishment in the chief offices of agencies for
the transmission of money by orders, from one part
of the kingdom to any other, in small sums, the
charge for the transfer of each sum ranging from six
to twelve cents. This measure has been alike suc-
cessful. The money-order offices have increased to
thirty-six hundred, and are found in all the principal
towns and villages, and the funds they transmit,
sent with perfect safety, have grown to $90,000,000
yearly.
" After this advance it soon became apparent that
the publio required further facilities. Funds were
often sent in small sums from the country to the
towns, for friends to deposit in savings-banks by
persons who could not leave home for the purpose,
and this was attended by inconvenience and occa-
sional loss. It was difficult, too, for depositors at a
distance to withdraw their funds. To obviate these
evils, it was determined to make the chief offices
depositories for savings, and this measure was suc-
cessfully adopted. Under this system funds wero
received in small sums from the humbler classes, at
the low rate of two and a half per cent, interest,
under a national guarantee of principal and interest,
and these funds were transmitted to London for
investment in the public stocks.
"By the contract with the depositors, the Govern-
ment reserves for its risk and charges the excess over
two and a half percent., and pays the depositor both
principal and interest at any postal banK.
"These banks now number thirty:six hundred
and twenty-one, and hold in deposit $50,000,000,
annually increasing at the rate of fifteen per cent.,
and their operations result in profit to the Govern-
ment. But there areother benefits. The depositors
in the savings-banks of England, who exceed two
million two hundred thousand in number, if
include all, become interested in the public stocks
and in the stability of Government, and many a
stream and rivulet of the country pours its contrib u-
tion into the coffers of the State, and funds whicii
would have remained dormant or idle, attracted by
the national guarantees and the great facilities thus
brought home to the people, are utilized and mails
subservient to the public wants at extremely low
rates of interest, while the depositor places his funds
beyond the reach Of accident and renders them pro-
ductive until he requires them, and can then com-
mand them on a day's notice.
"The success of the savings-banks has paved the
way for another step onward. It was found that many
artisans and laborers desired to ineur# their lives oy
frequent payments, or to purchase small annuities
as a provision for old age. They would trust the
State with their funds, but were unwilling to trust
companies or individuals for long terms of time. It
was the interest of the State to avert pauperism and
provide for age, and it was ascertained that it could
command rates more than commensnrate with the
risk, and it allowed^ the postal banks to issue small
annuities and policies of insurance, and has already
received from this source more than eight hundred
thousand dollars, which has been plaeed in Govern-
ment stocks. Each department of the post onico
exhibits large profits. The gross income exceeds
twenty-three million dollars, and the net income
of the department has risen from 81,735,000 in 1857
to 87,106,000 in 1867, or four hundred per cent., after
deducting all expenses for the collection, carriage,
and delivery of letters and parcels, all expenses for
money orders, for banks, insurance, annuities, and
mail subsidies."—Atlantic Monthly, February, 186J,
page 149.
Mr. BIRD. Will the gentleman yield to ine
for a single moment?
Mr. LAWRENCE. With pleasure.
Mr. BIRD. As a member of the Comniittee
on Invalid Pensions, I feel some interest in this
matter, and as the -gentleman has referred to
the English system, I would like him to inform
us as to the period of time during which post-
masters hold office in that country ? _
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am not advised upon
that subject; but I presume that, according to
the English custom, they hold office much longer
than in this country.
Mr. BIRD. Might I ask the gentleman,
j then, whether or not in his judgment that would
I make any difference as to the feasibility or
i practicability of the plan proposed ?
