1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2015
I should like to know if this subject has been
considered by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions ?
Mr, FERRY. I am informed that it has
been. The resolution has not been referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations; but
I am informed informally that there is no
objection by the committee to the course pro-
posed with treaties of this kind. I have care-
fully limited the resolution so as to apply only
to the annexation of the whole territory of a
foreign Power, believing, as I said when I
offered the resolution, that the precedent set
in the annexation of Texas, that such meas-
ures should be discussed in open session, should
be observed as a precedent that ought to be
followed. The original resolution as intro-
duced by me has therefore been modified to
its present shape.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to ask the
Senator if he thinks confidential communica-
tions—and treaties are all sent confidentially
to the Senate by the President—can be made
public by a rule of the Senate. The President
is a department of this Government as much
as we are, and he has a right to come here in
person and to address us in confidence; and
to say we will not consider in confidence what
one department of the Government sends to
us in confidence is certainly a departure from
any rule that we have heard of in a body that
bears such relations to the President as we
bear.
Mr. SUMNER. From the beginning I have
always held that the Senate erred in the estab-
lishment of secrecy, particulai'ly with reference
to treaties. I think the first year that I had
the honor of a seat in the Senate the question
of a change of our rule in that regard was pie-
sented, and I voted in its favor. I have seen
nothing from that day to this to change my judg-
ment upon that particular point materially. I
think that the rule of secrecy was a traditional
policy which we derived from the diplomatic
usages of the Old World. We came to it nat-
urally, and it has continued with us down to
this day. Now, personally, I incline to change
it; but I have two suggestions to present appli-
cable to the pending question. The first is
whether it is advisable to change it while it is
known that an important treaty is actually
•pending; whether tbe change, if such change
should be adopted by the Senate, should not
be applicable to the future rather than to any
pending question. I merely present that with-
out undertaking to determine it.
The other point is whether a change so im-
portant, not to say so radical, whatever may
be the judgment of individual Senators like
the Senator from Connecticut or like myself,
should not be referred to the committee having
charge of such questions. I would therefore
suggest that the proposition be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. That com-
mittee will meet next Tuesday, and I have no
doubt will take it at once into consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator make that motion ?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish_ really to
antagonize in any way with my friend from
Connecticut. I suggest that course to himself.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
Mr. FERRY. I will simply say that if the
Committee on Foreign Relations will speedily
report I shall have no objection to the reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Chair
understand the Senator to make the motion or
not?
Mr. SUMNER. I make the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. The Sen-
ator from Maine is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. On that motion I have noth-
ing to say 
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to hear the
Senator's opinion on the question. 1 should
value it very much.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have long entertained an
opinion that the discussion of treaties is the
only discussion that should be had in secrecy,
and that our rule ought to apply to all treaties.
I would hardly elevate what we call Indian
treaties into that character; but I mean our
treaties with foreign Governments. A treaty
is in the nature of a contract. No Senator in
his private capacity would think for a single
moment of proclaiming to the world or the
party with whom he was negotiating the pre-
cise reasons which w puld control his own action.
We desire for high purposes the acquisition of
adjacent territory, for commercial purposes, to
preserve the integrity of our country, for any
great and substantial reason. Is it wise to go
to the world and to proclaim aloud the precise
objects and designs which we have in accom-
plishing that particular object, so that it shall
cost us twice the sum to get it, because Gov-
ernments, like individuals, will know well what
we say, and they will measure their demands
by our necessities ? It is very clcar. .So much
of our rule as applies to the nominations of
individuals I have always believed wrong, be-
cause severe things and harsh things may be
said of individuals who are nominees here that
would never find utterance if the debates were
public. Stories are poured into the ears of
Senators, and Senators are made to believe
them, and they utter them, of specific nomi-
nees, which they never would do in open Sen-
ate, because in open Senate they would never
be misled by others. I could never see any
good reason why we should have a secret ses-
sion in reference to nominations; but the rea-
sons which I have suggested, it seems to me,
ought to control us in relation to treaties.
Again, sir, I think the point taken by the
Senator from Kansas is unanswerable. The
President, as a distinct branch of this Govern-
ment, communicates to us in confidence. Now,
to treat that communication otherwise than in
confidence is a breach between the executive and
the legislative departments of that confidence
which he reposes in us. I do not know that I
am prohibited from saying that it was sug-
gested, and I believe it was in legislative ses-
sion. that we should invite the President's
opinions in relation to our Indian treaties;
and they were communicated to us in confi-
dence. We have adopted a new rule in rela-
tion to Indian treaties. They may be regarded
as of a domestic character, and the now rule
may well apply to them ; but still the Senate
knows that we have failed even to avail our-
selves of that rule without first communicat-
ing to the President, under the obligation of
secrecy, which we owe to him under that con-
fidence in which he had communicated them
to us.
For these reasons I hopethe rulewillneverbe
amended as proposed, and that the proposition
will be referred to the Committee on Rules.
Mr. FERRY. I will not take the time of
the Senate in discussing the subject-matter of
the resolution at the present time as, after what
has been stated by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, I am willing that
the resolution should be referred to that com-
mittee, only asking the committee to report
speedily.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the resolution be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
committee clerks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reso-
lution upon the Calendar is one reported by
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] from
the Committee on Contingent Expenses on the
7th of April, 1869, which will be read by the
Secretary.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That the Comraitteo on Retrenchment
report as soon as possible what, if any, clerks of the
committees of tho Senate may properly bo dispensed
with.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a mere resolution of
inquiry, and I suppose there will be no objec-
tion to it.
• The resolution was agreed to.
survey of the isthmus of daitlen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next res-
olution on the Calendar is one offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] on
the ,16th of April, 1869, which will be read.
The Secretary read as-follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
he hereby is, authorized, with the consent of tho
Government of Colombia, to cause a thorough sur-
vey to be made for a ship-railway or ship-eanal
across the Isthmus of Darien, from San Miguel to
the Gulf of Uraba or Darien.
Mr. POMEROY. That must involve con-
siderable expense.
Mr. SUMNER. It ought to be a joint res-
olution, a legislative act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in terms a
Senate resolution, but should be a joint reso-
lution. If there be no objection it will be
altered to a joint resolution and placed on the
Calendar. That will be done. '
The resolution of Mr. Wilson was indefi-
nitely postponed and leave was granted him
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 160)
for a ship-railway or ship-canal across the
Isthmus of Darien; which was read twice by
its title, and ordered to be printed.
government officers and bmpl0y63
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next resolu-
tion is one offered on the 20th of April, 1869,
by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpen-
ter,] which will be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Revalued, That the Secretary of State, of the Treas-
ury, of tho Interior, of War, of the Navy, the Post-
master General, and the Attorney General be re-
quested to furnish to the Senate on the first day of
its next session information of the names, age, and
compensation of all inferior officers, clerks, and em-
ployes in their respective Departments, showing from
■what States they were respeotively appointed, and
how long and at what place or places they had re-
sided in the States from which they were respect-
ively appointed prior to their appointments respect-
ively, and upon whose recommendation they were
appointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Abbott] moved to
amend the resolution by inserting at the end
thereof what will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
And be it further resolved, That in the opinion of
the Senate the distribution of tho official patronage
of the Government not embraced in local offices in
the States should be made as nearly equal among all
the States, according to their representation and pop-
ulation, as may be practicable; and that to confino
such patronage to particular States or sections, either
wholly or partially, is both unjustand injudicious.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Wisconsin that the inform-
ation called for by the first resolution will come
out in the Blue Book, which will contain all
tho information he asks, while to pass the reso-
lution will subject the Departments to a very
great amount of labor ; and therefore I suggest
that the resolution had better be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment has under considera-
tion this and kindred questions in reference
to tho organization of the civil service, the
appointment of clerks, and matters of that
nature. I therefore move that this resolution
be referred to the Committee on Retrenchment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that that committee
will give its attention to this resolution, and
that the motion is not intended to bury it. The
information that is called for in this resolution
is important in some respects and is a matter
of justice. There is now as between States
having an equal population, or nearly so, a
disparity in regard to appointments of many
kinds that works great injustice. These things
should be equalized as nearly as possible, i hey
are not; and there is no particular reason tor
it as far as (he Departments are concerned.
