1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
41st Cong....2d Sbss.
Admission of Virginia—Mr. Stone.
Ho. op Reps.
subject fully, replied that would cover the
whole cost required for the new station.
And when the bill originally became a law,
Mr. Pike advocating it remarked:
"With the money rcceirod from the sale of the
old yard at Philadelphia we can build as large or as
small a yard on League Island as may be necessary.
I have no doubt forty acres of land, high, above tide,
capable of as good use for a navy-yard as any forty
acres in the country, can bo produced on League
Island for a sum not exceeding $150,000. I have sat-
isfied my mind that a very considerable less sum
would do it. We should then have forty acres instea.d
of twenty, and the remainder of the island would
be open for improvement. Can there be any doubt
of the wisdom of the bargain?"
I repeat it; this is a work iu pursuance of
law. It is not a new work, but has been
already commenced ; and when the appropri-
ation alluded to was made my friend from
Massachusetts raised no opposing voice, but
acquiesced in what even now he admits is a
'• fixed fact," that the Philadelphia navy-yard
must be at League Island.
Now, sir, why was Philadelphia chosen as
the site for this naval station? I need not
enlarge on this question. It was selected
partly because it is the great coal and iron
center. Ft was selpcted partly because it is the
largest manufacturing city in this country and
has more skilled laborers than any other city
in the Union. It was selected partly because
of its distance from the sea. The gentleman
knows that at Cherbourg millions on millions
have been expended, yet, being on the sea, the
question has arisen whether it is not liable to
destruction by modern-range cannon.
Mr. WELKER. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man whether at the same time League Island
was selected we did not select New London
as a site for a navy-yard ?
Mr. MYERS. No, sir.
Mr. WELKER. Well, sir, about the same
time.
Mr. MYERS. No, sir. I remember what
was done.
Mr. WELKER. . I rather think we did.
Mr. MYERS. Just about the time New
London antagonized League Island, and was
defeated, wc passed, there being no opposi-
tion, a bill accepting the title to some land at
New London, it being clearly understood that
it was merely for a naval rendezvous. There
doubtless ought to be a naval rendezvous at
New London. One of the main objections
urged against the establishment of a navy-yard
at New London was its proximity to the sea.
In England $50,000,000 were spent to fortify
Portsmouth on the channel, and finally the
British Government was obliged to build a
yard at Chatham, twelve miles up the Medway,
because it was out of the range of modern
ordnance, and the defenses of Sheerness had
first to be passed.
I say that Philadelphia was selected be-
cause of her proximity to the coal and iron
beds and timber-fields, because of her skilled
labor, because of the distance from the sea,
but more than all because of her fresh-water
stream. Many members here may not know
that these iron and iron-clad vessels are sub-
ject to fouling, that they require to be docked,
losing one month in the year when in salt
water. In Great Britain an iron vessel im-
mediately on its completion loses two weeks,
which are required for the purpose of scraping
her and taking the barnacles off. Year after
year committees of Parliament have offered
premiums for some patent process which will
clean the hulls of iron vessels, and none
lias yet been found. It takes fresh water for
it. Six months' accretion of barnacles would
drop off a vessel almost during its passage up
the river Delaware. Not only for the building
of iron-clads, but their preservation and to
prevent their corrosion, is it necessary to have
a naval station of this kind, where they may
be laid up and repaired in peace or war.
The gentleman from Massachusetts decries
our public navy-yards, and insists that we have
nothing to show for the $485,000,000 expended
upon our Navy during the war. Does he not
know that two thirds of our vessels and more
than this proportion of ourarmature and steam
machinery in that time were built at private
yards? We have Peace to show Success, and
Honor at home as well as abroad, due to our
Navy as well as our Army; and if little of that
Navy now remains, its work at least will live
forever. If, however, as he says, we really have
no Navy, it is high time we should build one.
Secretary Robeson in his excellent report
says:
"We have not at this time on any foreign station
a squadron whose combined force would avail for a
day against the poworful sea-going iron-clads which
both Pranceand England haveon the same stations."
And alluding to the strength, speed, and
improvements of the English and French
navies, adds:
" I therefore earnestly urge the propriety of com-
mencing atoncetho building of sea-going iron-clads
suitable to cruise on foreign stations and able to pro-
tect ourcommerce and vindicate our principles in any
emergency. We should aim to have one or more of
th ese ships on each foreign station, and to be prepared
with tho necessary reliefs. This will ultimately re-
quire no less than ten in all."
The gentleman says he is willing to depend
on the private ship-yards of the country. We
must always largely employ them, and I favor
such a course; but remember their facilities
are even smaller than the public ones. Their
contracts are necessarily few in this country,
and they cannot afford to enlarge their works
and make them permanent upon the mere
chance of employment. During the war, I
remind him, Secretary Welles officially in-
formed Congress that the disaster at Plymouth,
North Carolina, occurred bocauso the con-
tractors had not finished the light draught
armored boats which were ordered for just such
emergencies, and deplored at the time the fail-
ure to provide a national establishment on
which we could at all times rely. Let me re-
mind him also that the iron-clad contractors in
general came to Congress for relief, and we
granted it because of their few facilities.
It is true that many of these large vessels are
built at private yards in England, but their
dock-yards are very large ; they get many con-
tracts and can afford to erect all the requisite
buildings and machinery. There are fifty pri-
vate dry docks there, twenty-five on the Mersey
alone, averaging five hundred feet in length, as
well as fifty navy-yard dry-docks, the combined
capacity of all our private yards " not being
equal to the first of the great iron ship-build-
ingyards on the river Thames." Yet the War-
rior and the Black Prince were not delivered
till over fifteen months after the time stipulated,
Government frequently having to pay twenty
to forty thousand pounds above the contract
price. The British Admiral Robinson says :
" It is not one contractor for steam machinery or
oneiron ship-builder, bat all who have failed in their
agreements."
Secretary Welles officially reported on May
0, 1864 :
" Mot a single contractor is able to meet his engage-
ments, even for the small class of vessels."
We did build some admirable vessels at private
yards—none better than the New Ironsides—in
nay district, but happily we had not a foreign
war, nor even the need for a repairing work-
shop it would have brought. In every event, as
Ihavesaitl, westill expect to give out many ves-
sels to private sbip-builders ; but for this class
of vessels they must be constructed on fresh-
water streams. Members will not forget that
while we delayed and before League Island was
delivered to the Government it was forced to
ask Philadelphia's consent that the iron-clads
might be laid up there. _
Mr. Sneaker, there is a committee of this
House to inquire into the decline of American
commerce. During the war our Navy could
not protect our merchant vessels; they had to
seek British registers and sail under the British
flag. One vessel, like the Alabama, struck
terror to American commerce. We are still
demanding payment of what are called " the
Alabama claims." We still from.time to time
pass resolutions of sympathy with peoples who
are struggling to be free. 1 believe the power
we exhibited in crushing the rebellion will keep
us from foreign attack; but war may come,
and in such event the duties of this committee
would be very light, for American commerce
would be swept from the seas.
I tell the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] that the loss of one war steamer, if
danger or accident should occur, would be far
more than all the cost of this new yard, even
were there nothing to be received from the sale
of tho present site. I tell him if that sad day
should ever come when for lack of the appli-
ances of a great navy-yard, for loss of what the
Navy Department tells us we want—if that day
should come when Boston, or Philadelphia, or
New York should be in danger, or our com-
merce or ships of war should be imperiled,
from my place here I charge upon that gentle-
man the fault will mainly lie at his door.
Shall we run such a risk ? Is it good judg-
ment in time of peace to make no preparation
forwar? Will you spurn the chance ofimprove-
ments, even when presented free of ultimate
expense ? Will you listen to the suggestions of
a false economy? Shall the business demands
of Philadelphia for more navy-yard room, both
for wooden and iron vessels, be disregarded ?
Or shall the law be kept in its letter and spirit
and this valuable gift be finally dedicated to
the practical uses of the country ? I have done
my duty and confidently leave the question for
your decision.
Admission of Virginia.
SPEECH OF HON. F. STONE,
01? maryland,
In the House of Representatives,
January 14, 1870,
On the bill (II. E. No. 783) to admit tho State of
Virginia to representation in the Congress of the
United Statos—
Mr. STONE. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to discuss at this late day the general
subject of reconstruction. The dominant party
in this House has long ago determined that
question. Rightfully or wrongfully, and Ithink
most wrongfully, that party has settled that,
and I do not now intend to discuss it further.
I propose only to examine the bill as reported
from the committee and now before the House,
to apply to it the test of some plain principles
of constitutional law not involved in the pre-
vious acts of Congress upon this subject, some
general principles of public faith, and some of
expediency merely.
First, thisbillinmy judgmentviolatesin the
most inexcusable manner the solemnly pledged
faith of the Congress of of the United States,
a faith that was plighted by the dominant party
of this House.
After a long and careful examination of
the whole subject, a previous Congress de-
clared by a law now upon your statute-book,
both to Virginia and to the world, the terms
upon which she should be received back again
into the family of States. This Government
gave its word to Virginia that as soon as cer-
tain things were done by her she should be
heard again in the councils of the nation, and
that she, the mother of States, should again
stand among her own children. This Govern-
ment alone prescribed those conditions. Vir-
ginia herself had no voice in them.
