2960
to globe.
April 25,
know ,the facta ? The committee famish us
no evidence that this man may not have been
diseased before he entered the Navy. There
is no evidence that such a man ever lived; but
we are told it ispresumptiveevidence because
he has brought in this claim, and that it is for
the Government to prove that he was not
wounded in the line of his duty or injured in
the line of his duty. As I am informed at the
Pension Office, the great trouble with Army
pensions is to ascertain whether the disease
was contracted or the wound was actually in-
flicted after enlistment or before the enlistment
of the man. I should like the Committee on
Pensions to inform ns whether they have in-
vestigated that fact in this case, and are ready
to state, that they know that this man received
this injury, while he was in the service and not
before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are not ready to state
that we know it, because we were not present.
We are only ready to state that we examined
with the utmost care the evidence, and felt
constrained to believe thoroughly, all of us,
that the case did come fully up to the proof
required.
Mr. HOWE. What was the fact? Was he
in the naval service? ..
Mr. EDMUNDS. He was in the naval ser-
vice, and nobody disputes it. We get the rec-
ords from the Pension Office in every case.
We do not pass a. single case «ritho t sending
to the Pension Office and the War Department,
and the Navy Department if it is a naval pen-
sion, to get all the.papers—firsts to demonstrate
that the man was in the service in the regular
way; second, that something happened to bim,
after he was in the service* in.theline of his duty.
In this instance, as in all these, other cf^es
where we report favorahly, it all appear^ from
the evidence before.us, record and otherwise.
It may be that the committee have been remiss,
and if so, it is my fault (because most of these
oral reports, and I do not know but all of them,
are mine) in ,not making a written statement
of the facts we find ; bat as it is the conclusion
upon a great mass of proof in most of the cases,
it would only amount to saying, unless we set
out all the proof which would be merely to copy
the affidavits and records from the Department,
what we say by reporting the bill, that the
committee, on the whole, think the case is made
oat. I admit in cases that contain large appro-
priations perhaps the committee ought not to
be trnsted that far, and perhaps it ought not
to be trusted that far now; but if there be any
fault about it, it is my own' individual fault,
because on account of the pressure on us, in
order to gi,ve .everybody a hearing, I had not
the time to make written reports in these cases,
whichthe committee thought, on consideration,
were satisfactory.
Mr. COLE. I shoqld likp.to inquire of the
chairman whether the injury in this case oc-
curred during battle or while the ship was on
a peaceful cruise? I know there is. a. discrim-
ination.in reference to soldiers. Those who
are injured in battle receive pensions, while
those who are injured, perhaps on a march or
in camp, do not receivq pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I'hat isan entire.mistake.
The law makes no such distinction.
Mr. COLE. I understood the chairman of
the committee to lay down as %ruler th$t they
granted pensions only for injuries in battle or
in service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ?aid "in the Bprviee."
Mr. COLE. Suppose it was.in camp-
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thelaw declares, that any
soldier or sailor who receives injury or dis-
ability wiul® iPi the, line' of his, duty shall be
entitled to apension. ,
Mr. COLE. This is within the same rule
then, I have no doubt. •
Mr. HOWE. I only wish to say that I do
think a written report in these cases is neces-
sary. The country should see upon what prin-
ciple these special pensions aregranted, inorder
that we may be saved from the discontent of
tboso whose claims aire dwjied, . I take it for
granted that.the Committee On Pensions do
not give pensions to everybody who claims
them. Unless there i8* written report all that
our records show is that one person gets a pen-
sion and that another does not. There is no j
reason assigned on the record why the one 1
receives a. special pension and the other is
denied.
I do not pretend that the action of the Com- ;
mittee on Claims is a model for everybody to j
follow; but I can say for the Committee on
Claims that I believe we have never asked the
Senate to appropriate a dollar to anybody
unless we have presented the facts on which
the claim rested in a written report, for the
accuracy of which you have the responsibility
.of the committee. The number of cases on
the Calendar of that committee is almost three
hundred at the present time.
I certainly shall not vote against this bill,
because I believe the Committee on Pensions
is a very careful committee; but when the
Senator from Nevada, for instance, says that
we onght to take the opinion of the committee
and that that should be a guide to the Senate,
he certainly will not insist that that should be
the rule with regard to every committee. He
certainly will not take the opinion of the Com-
mittee on Claims on the Sue Murpheycase; as
my friend from Rhode Island [Mr. Axtlioxy]
reminds me.
Mr., MORRILL, of Vermont. Nqrr of the
Post Office Committee on the franking priv-
ilege.
Mr. HOWE. Nor on the franking privilege.
This rule will not do. We should have the
facts on which each case rests just as-well in
writing from One committee as another.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to add one word in
Corroboration of what the Senator from Wis-
consin has just said. I do think there Should
be a written report accompanying every case ;
at least those reported upon affirmatively. I
know long years ago I was a member of the
Committee on Pensions, and: I am certain that
no favorable report was ever made while I was
a member of that committee which was not
accompanied by a written report; and my im-
pression is that in a very large majority ofthe
cases of adverse reports, those reports were
in writing. It becomes "necessary that you
may get the point upon which the committee
determine the cases.
Now, sir, I have not a doubt that every
one of these pension cases on our tialendar is
just and proper, from my knowledge of the
men who constitute the committee, and I should
b& almost willing to vote them blind.' I do
think there is a 'Want'^f respect for the doing?
of committees here,' which we do not ^nite
appreciate among otfrfcelves. A comthittee
which examines a subject c.areftilfy fiirds itself
too often vexed by meeting a mere technical
objection of s'onle gentleman whd jumps up,
and who has gota/liU|e fine rule that he' has
discovered with A. political microscope, and
who wants to turn oyer the whole fundamental
principle upon which the case rests. I think
we owe it to ourselves, all of ns, to have a little
less of that kind of feeling and action than we
have had here f and we shall respect our com:
mittees more, and respect each other p great
deal more, when we get rhl of these superfine
technicalities that have neither justice nor com-
mon sense in them, in my judgment.
Mr. FENTON. The Senator from, Maine
has touched the point which I had in my mind,
but I shall be pardoned for saying that I. was
connected with the Committee on Pensions in
the House of Representatives for four years,
two. years at the head of that committee, and
I have no recollection of a bill being reported
by,that committee to the House—that may not
be a rule to the Senate—without a report always
accompanying the bill setting forth upon what
grounds the bill was reported or the claim was
founded, and I think this discussion has dis-
closed the fact, if nothing else was wanted,
that a report should be made in cases of this
kind.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed,
j SARAII E. STUBBS.
I The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
i (S. No. 626) granting a pension to Sarah E.
Stubbs; which was read the second time, and
i considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
' directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
| the name of Sarah E. Stubbs, mother of Mar-
j tin D. Stubbs, late a private in company G,
1 eleventh regiment Iowa volunteers, upon the
pension-roll of the United States, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, commencing Jan-
, uary 10, 1870, subject to the limitations of the
■ pension laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed,
i ABEL S. CHASE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
; (S. No- 627) granting a pension to Abel S.
Chase; which was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary ofthe Interior to place
the name of Abel S. Chase, late a private in
the twenty-fourth battery, Indiana artillery,
upon the pension-roll of tbe United States, at
the. rate of eight dollars per month, from the
, lltli day of, January, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
i amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
! third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CLARK HALL.
j1 The neixt bill on the Calendar was the bill
■ ; :(S. No. ^S) granting a pension to Clark Hall;
| which was-read the. second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
I of Clark Hall, late a member of Captain Wil-
! liam Gregory's company, attached to the fourth
| regiment Virginia volunteers in the war of
; i 1812, upon the ppnsion-roll of the United States,
!i at the rate lof eight dollars per month, from
: i the date of the passage of the act.
jl Mr. WILLIAMS. I should'like to hear the
;] bill read again. Is it proposed to pension a
;! soldier of the war of 1812? '
| The Secretary again Tead the bill.
! Mr. WILLIAMS. I believe we have time
i and again decided not to pay pensions to the
soldiers of the war of 1812.
i Mr. EDMUNDS. We have always paid
pensions to the soldiers of the war of 18T2 for
i! disabilities, but we have decided not to pay
I pensions to those not disabled.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know there have been
bills pending and rejected time and again to
pension those soldierS. If this is on account
of some disability it may be within the rule.
| Mr. EDMUNDS. This is on account of
; disabilities which the papers prove, and I can
i explain it! in five minutes if Senators wish.
Mr. HOWE. Incurred in that service ?
i .Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know what
i the evidence ofth^tis.
' Mr. SHERMAN. The papers show it cleariy
enough. I remember that I presented the
petition in this case. The party was a soldier
in the war of 1812. The disability is very
clearly proven. This very bill passed the Sen-
ate once before, but did not pass the House of
Representatives for want of time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can explain to the Sen-
ate, at any length if that is desired, the entire
case.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not desired.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not care to object;
but I wish that equal justice should be done to
all the men who were soldiers in the war of
1812. I know we have rejected bills to pay
those soldiers pensions, and I did not know
what the particular circumstances of this case
were to take it out of the general rule.
