2016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
For Department labor and bureau labor there
are qualified persons to be found in every State
who are anxious to get these places; and there
is just as much propriety in having a fair dis-
tribution of them as in having a fair represent-
ation of all the States in the other House of
Congress.
Mr. WILSON. What does the Senator pro-
pose to do with the residents of the District?
Are they to come in according to population?
There is a large number of people who live
here permanently. Does ho propose to give
them simply their proportion according to
population?
Mr. MORTON. They should have their
proportion. Perhaps there are some reasons
why they should have more than that. It is
not necessary to complicate the question as
between the States by introducing the District
of Columbia. As between the States, there
ought to be something like an equal division,
because there are qualified persons from erery
State and Territory applying for these positions.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say oue word in
reference to the remark made by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. He asked what
would be done under the proposed arrange-
ment with regard to residents of the District.
I would say it would deprive us of the presence
in the District of a large number of people who
come here and become residents cn account of
the facility afforded by that residence for get-
ting into Government employment, and who
impoverish this District, increase its population
apparently and really, but do not increase its
power to take care of itself. There is a class
of population in this District who are brqught
here by this very system, who are practically
Government paupers. They throng every ave-
nue to employment under the Government, and
they keep out of Government places men who
have abetter right to hold them. There are single
States in the Union that have more patronage
in the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment than all the southern States that have
been reconstructed put together; nay, there are
single congressional districts in some of the
States that have a larger amount of patronage
at the hands of the Executive than any one of
the reconstructed States, taking it as a whole.
One single Representative in the other House
has been instrumental in putting into one of
the Executive Departments no less than seven-
teen clcrks, and went to complain that he could
not get another one; and yet when Representa-
tives from States that are more remote from
the capital try to get men appointed to places
there they are told there are no vacancies,
all the places are filled, and these men cajinot
be turned out because, forsooth, they have been
put in there, and it will bring a storm about
their ears from the Representatives of those
States 
Mr. CONKLING. Prom what State?
Mr. SAWYER. I decline to answer from
what State; but I make the statement that
there is from one State a Representative who
has in one Department seventeen men, placed
there by his own influence.
Now, Mr. President, I do not expect the
patronage of this Government to be distributed
arithmetically. I do not expect the States that
have been recently admitted to representation
here to have their arithmetical proportion of
employes of the Government. It would not
be reasonable to expect it; because, iti the first
place, the character of the population there is
such thatitisalmost impossible to select enough
men to fill their respective quotas of executive
employment here. But when these States
come here, and offer men capable, who are
entirely qualified in every respect to fill these
positions—as well qualified as the men from
Ohio, or Massachusetts, or New York—and
then are told that all the places are filled from
those States, and that no vacanciss can be made
for them, I submit that that is a practical in-
justice and the worst possible policy for the
Republican party.
The Republican party in the South, if in any
part of the country, needs bolstering by this
official patronage. It is the vice of politics
that public patronage should be necessary for
the propagation of correct political principle;
but the fact exists that official patronage is a
power, and it belongs to the party that exer-
cises the powers of government to distribute
that patronage in the way of strengthening that
political party which is represented by the
Administration ; and when a single section of
the country takes to itself all that "there is to
give in this way, and says after it is all taken
there are no vacancies, nothing can be given
to another section of the country, because,
forsooth, its Representatives were not as per-
sistent when the appointments were made, not
as pushing and pertinacious as those from that
section. I submit that it is a practical injustice
and it is the worst possible policy.
Mr. STEWART. From the discussion here
it seems to be regarded as a very desirable thing
to have patronage from the distant States,
and this debate might be construed as an inti-
mation to people there to come here and get
places in the Departments. I think no greater
calamity could come to any person who lives
in a State where there is employment, as there
is everywhere in the United States, than to
bring him here and put him in one of the
Departments. I would prefer that the Dis-
trict of Columbia should have a large major-
ity of the patronage here. I think it would
be better for the country if the District of
Columbia had all of it, if it had persons here
that could fill all these places. I object to the
policy of inviting people here and bringing
them here to fill these places. Suppose you
divide this patronage out equally and bring
in people from the outside, giving the District
of Columbia the same proportion as you give
a congressional district, what then ? This Ad-
ministration brings in a new lot from the out-
side ; they are turned out when the next
Administration comes in, and you bring in
another new lot from the outside. They have
by that time got so poor that they cannot get
away, and you thus add to the burdens of this
city beyond all calculation. They inevitably
become paupers by staying hero. They lose
all their ambition. It is a perfect curse to
any young man to bring him here and put him
in one of these positions. If you bring men
in from the outside in this way every four years,
what will this city be in the course of twenty
years? I would let men stay as clerks in the
Departments when they get there and are
qualified, and I would not bring in young men
trom the outside to disturb them.
I say this because there is a false impression
about this matter. For a young man to be
four or five years in a Department here de-
stroys his capacity to make a living elsewhere.
I have witnessed it. I have witnessed men of
thirty or forty years of age, in the prime of life,
men of good ability, who could have done well
if they had gone into some other employment,
eking out a miserable existence here in office,
and when turned out not knowing how to make
a living. It is the greatest calamity that could
possibly happen to them. We should not
invite young men to enter upon these offices
when we can supply the places by experienced
men here who have lost ambition and are fit
for nothing else. I do not believe in destroy-
ing our young men or having it understood
that it is good for them to come here.
Mr. SAWYER. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator before he takes his seat, whether if it was
estaSlished as a doctrine of the Government
that the District of Columbia should only have
that representation in the Exeecutive Depart-
ments which belongs to her on account of her
population, and it was understood that only
a certain number could be appointed from the
District of Columbia, it would not drive away
all those paupers to somewhere else to get
their living ?
Mr. STEWART. They cannot get away.
Some of them have been here eight or ten
years. They have no means of making a liv-
ing anywhere else. They have engaged in this
business, learned it, and have not the means
of going anywhere else and learning any other.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask my colleague
a question : whether the act of being here in
any capacity doesnotdisqualifyus from making
a living? [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. It makes it very rough.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. I must confess, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I am opposed to this resolution, to
the amendment proposed, to all matters per-
taining to it, and to the whole policy indicated
by it. There is, however, no particular rea-
son why I should oppose it on account of any
regard I may have for my own section of the
country. The other day a gentleman called
on me who had taken the trouble and per-
formed the labor of examining how many per-
sons were employed in the Departments from
Massachusetts ; and he found in one Depart-
ment that had sixteen hundred employes thir-
teen persons from my State; and in every single
Department of this Government, making a
proportion measured by population, the State
of Massachusetts has not anything like its
share, and in some Departments not one fourth
or one fifth of its share, by any such rule. I
am not sorry for it. I am always sorry when
I learn that any man from my State seeks a
place in these Departments, any young man
especially, for I consider it a great disadvan-
tage to any man to accept an office as clerk in
any of these Departments. If he has any
capacity, any trade, any pursuit, any ambition
or object of life, it is to be sacrificed by being
employed here in these Departments.
This whole matter of patronage here I think
a very small business. It is the only trouble
.we have, the only trouble this Administration
has to-day. In ideas, principles, policies, great
national issues, it is stronger every way than
any Administration that ever existed in this
country. All it has to fear is a little fussing
here and there about this matter of patronage.
It is a weakness to any Administration, and a
weakness to any public man in this country.
Here, in this District, there is a great num-
ber of people who have been here for years,
some for half a century, families that live here,
and have got to live here, who have nowhere
else to go, who cannot go anywhere else. Of
course they furnish a larger proportion of the
persons who are to fill the subordinate offices
in the Departments than can be expected to
come from any State. It is reasonable and
right, and it ought not to be disturbed. I hope
the resolution will not pass.
Mr. CARPENTER. -Mr. President, in
moving the resolution at the time it was offered
I had a double object in view. One looked
partially to the subject of patronage and its
distribution among the States; and I suggest
that that is not a totally unimportant matter.
These clerical appointments are of a nature
the duties of which may be performed by a
great many persons in all the States who have
been partially disabled from performing serious
and laborious toil by the late war. We have
in Wisconsin, in Illinois, in every western State
our full quota of persons who have been disa-
bled, ana so far disabled that they are incom-
petent for actual business or labor, but never-
theless could perform many of the clerical duties
which are required in these Departments. It is
therefore no more than just and fair that this
patronage should be distributed as equally as
may be between the several States.
I entirely dissent from the views of my friend
from Nevada in regard to this matter. He
says that we had better have no appointments
from the States and allow the Departments to
be filled altogether from the District of Colum-
bia, because when a man has been here four
years in one of these positions he is absolutely
ruined and disqualified to do anything else.
Sir, when a man has lived so long in Washing-
