1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to hear the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT- The Senator
from Maine supposed that he could not move
this amendment separately; but it would be
in order separately unless the objection is
made that it is not according to the estimates.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well. sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine, then, if there be no objection,
reserves his amendment until after the vote is
taken on the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana, to make
the compensation of the Assistant Treasurer
at New Orleans $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine, the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, now moves to amend the bill on
page 20, line four hundred and seventy-eight,
so as to make the salary of the Treasurer of the
United Stales $8,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what the salary of the Treasurer now is ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Sis thousand
five hundred dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the order seems to
be, in these times of retrenchment and reform
to increase every salary 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Especially of
female clerks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That may be a very sat-
isfactory answer 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a past
transaction, I know ; but you and I are in it,
nevertheless.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That may he a very
satisfactory answer to the Senator from Maine,
but I think a more satisfactory amendment
would be, as we have gone into this business,
to raise the salary of members of Congress.
I think the services of a member of Congress
are quite equal to those of justices of the Su-
preme Court, and I do not know why our sal-
aries should not be as large as those ; and I
suggest to the Senator from Maine, when he
is raising the salaries all around, why not put
our own in ?
Mr. SUMNER. And members of the Cabinet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And members of the
Cabinet also.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That would have
been a very pertinent inquiry when theSenator
from Illinois undertook to raise salaries; but
as this is the only instance where the Senator
from Maine has undertaken that thing I do not
see its pertinency now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the bill was
full of them.
Mr. MORRTLL. of Maine. Not by my vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not undertaken
to raise salaries. My proposition was to equalize
the pay for the same work.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To equalize those
who are getting $800 or $900 up to $1,200.
If that is not raisingthem precisely that much
it is very much like it.
I desire to say one word upon this amend-
ment. The Treasurer of the United States now
' gets $6,500. No commendation of that officer
[ is necessary by anybody here, I know. There
is no more faithful or worthy officer m any
Department of the Government. Now, you
' have made the salary of your Assistant Ireaa-
' nrer at New Orleans $5,000; your Assistant
Treasuer at St. Louis receives $5,000 ; and the
'< Assistant Treasurer at New York gets $8,000.
! If there is any reason why the Treasurer of the
United States should have a less sum than the
: Assistant Treasurer at New York, then there
may be some reason why this amendment
f should not be made.
i Mr. SHERMAN. There is a reason, m my
* judgment; and I trust the Senate will not at
I this hour commence raising these salaries.
I This subiect has been discussed ovo.r and over
ao-ain. General Spinner is one of the most
'( valuable officers employed by the Government
' 41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 245.
of the United States. He gets the
ary of any person in the Treasury Department
at Washington, except only the Secretary of
the Treasury. This is a proposition to put him
on the same footing with the Secretary of the
Treasury merely because the officer callcd the
Assistant Treasurer at New York gets $8,000.
Let me remind my honorable friend that the
Treasurer here has very little money responsi-
bility compared with the Assistant Treasurer
in New York, who is responsible for $100,-
000,000 and more. I trust my friend from
Maine will leave the general character of Gen-
eral Spinner, which is as high as that of any.
officer of the Government, to go something
toward rewarding him for his services; because
if we go on with this system of increased ex-
penditures in the different branches of the
Government, I think it will be very injurious
in its effects. I think we have gone a great
way already in this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, let us vote
upon it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate now
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is all there
is of this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think wo shall
finish this bill for a long time. I have waited
until my patience is utterly exhausted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is all.
Mr. RAMSEY. Who can say " this is all?"
There are half a dozen amendments still pend-
ing, and thev will be discussed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
aware of any other amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Maine will withdraw this amendment and let
us vote on the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine withdraw the amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
Several Senators. Let us vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Mor.iim,.]
. The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the order of the Senate the re-
mainder of this day and Saturday are assigned
to business of the District of Columbia. That
order now operates.
Mr. HAMLIN. When the Senate had last
under consideration District business they had
before them a bill to create a government for
the District of Columbia. Does that bill now
come up before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not. It
has gone back to its place on the Calendar.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 594) to provide a gov-
ernment for the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now I move that the Sen-
ate take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion has
priority.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois give me one moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate, then, to
give me a session this evening. The^ day was
assigned for District business, and it has all
been taken up by the appropriation bill. We
are to adjourn over to-morrow until Tuesday.
There are several bills here that ought to be
considered. I ask the Senate to come here
to-night and consider with me this District
business. It is right and just that they should
do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask jast one min-
ute to say that we are going to meet on Satur-
day ; and if the Senator has to-morrow, and I
am anxious that he should have it to get through
with his bills, I think he ought to be satisfied
with that without compelling us to come here
to-night, after having sat five days in the week
a.nd going to set six. The Senator will not be
likely to get a quorum to-night on this District
business, and 1 think he had better let it go
over.
Mr. HO WARD. I do not believe the Senator
from Maine will get a quorum here to-night.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then Senators will not do
their duty. That is all I have got to say.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate, then, if
they will agree to give me Tuesday ?
Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. STEWART. Oh,
no ; let us come to-night.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to give notice
that on Tuesday I shall call up the business
reported from the Committee on Commerce,
and shall antagonize it even against a special
order on that day.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to give notice also
that on Tuesday I shall move at an early hour
an executive session, in order to consider what
lias been made a special order in executive
session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This being tho
alternate day provided in tho resolution adopted
by the Senate some time since, the Senator
from Maine moves that the Senate now take a
recess until half past seven o'clock, pending
which the Senator from Illinois moves that the
Senate do now adjourn. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine now moves that the Senate take a.
recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move that the recess
bo extended to eight o'clock. We have already
taken half an hour longer than we should.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine agree to that amendment ?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I move the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
this is a motion independent in its character,
that the Senate take a recess until half past
seven o'clock. If that motion should be re-
jected, then a motion for a recess until eight
o'clock or any other time could be made.
The question now is on the motion of the
Senator from Maine.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
accordingly took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
evening session.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
IIOUSB BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations:
A bill (H. R. No. 1554) for the relief of the
widow of James L. Kiernan, late consul to
Chinkiang, China;
A bill(H. R. No. 2094) for the relief of Mrs.
M. S. Morse, administratrix and widow of Isaao
E. Morse, deceased ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2095) for the relief of
John W. Massey.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions:
A bill (H. R. No. 2096) granting a pension
to Mary Payer, of Philadelphia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2097) to grant a pension
to Samuel Bull; and
A joint resolution (H. B. No. 300) granting
a pension to John Powers, late a private m
