1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4849
mittee [Mr. Dawes] to state whether there is
any objection on the part of the committee.
Mr. DAWES. I have no particular knowl-
edge in regard to this matter. In the deficiency
bill which we passed the other day $3,500
were appropriated for furniture at that place.
Mr. PETERS. This has notliingto do with
that. This appropriation is needed to finish
the building, to grade the grounds, and do the
necessary fencing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For finishing the interior of the court-house build-
ing at Madison, Wisconsin; and for paving, grading,
eurbing, sewerage, and fencing, 840,000.
Mr. WELLS. I move to amend by in-
serting after the paragraph just read the follow-
ing:
That the sum of $203,000 is hereby appropriated,out
of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to be expended, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in the erection of a public
building in the city of St. Louis, Missouri, for the use
ot the custom-house, post office. United States court,
and other civil offices of the Government.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is not in order, as it
proposes an appropriation for a purpose not
authorized by existing law.
Mr. WELLS. I understand that most of
our public buildings have been authorized in
this way.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] insist on his
point of order ?
Mr. DAWES. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WELLS. What is the point?
Mr. DAWES. That the amendment pro-
poses new legislation ; that the work is not
authorized by existing law.
Mr. WELLS. Was the post office in New
York or Boston authorized by law?
Mr. DAWES; Yes ; they were provided for
by law, 1 am sorry to say.
Mr. WELLS. I ask leave to print some
remarks on this subject.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
[See Appendix.]
The Clerk read as follows:
For completing the court-house building at Port-
land, Maine, including paving, curbing, and grad-
ing, $25,000.
Mr. PALMER. I move to amend by adding
after the paragraph just read the following:
For completing the interior of tho custom-house
building at Des Moines, Iowa, ami for curbing, pav-
ing, grading, and sewerage, $16,000.
In explanation of this amendment, I ask the
Clerk to read the letter which I send to the
desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architfct.
Jane 21, 1870.
Sir: X have tho honor to acknowledge the receipt
of yours of the 22d instant, and to say in reply that
the Department submitted estimates for the com-
pletion of tho court-house building at Des Atoines,
Iowa, on the 6th of December last, which will bo
found on page 12 of tho deficiency estimates, as fol-
lows, namely:
For completing the building 
For curbing, paving, grading, and sewerage... b.OOO
Making a total of ; . ..  
Of this amount was appropriated 
40,573
. 24,573
Leaving a deficiency of.  ......$16,000
which must be provided lor before the buuuing can
be completed.
Tne estimates of this oflice have been placed at the
lowest practicable figure, and will admit ot no reduc-
tion If the appropriation is made there is no reason
why the building caunot bo entirely finished in a
very few weeks. I can assure you tiiat no e.torts to
accomplish this will bo lacking on my part, and
would respectfully suggest tho propriety ot,calling
tho attention of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to these facts.
Very respectfully, A. B.
Supervising architect,
lion. P. "VY. Palmer, House of Iteprcsentatives.
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman. I will state
that this letter was not invited by me. I wrote
to the supervising architect, asking that the
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 304.
building be completed with all possible speed,
as the public officers at Des Moines need to
occupy it as soon as practicable for the transac-
tion of their business. The letter just read,
stating that the building cannot be completed
till an additional appropriation be made, is the
answer I have received. I have been upon the
ground within the last' month, and know the
necessity for the completion of this work. This
is the last appropriation that will be asked for
this purpose. If this appropriation be made,
the building can be ready for occupancy in two
months, and the public offices can be removed
from their present location, in buildings not
fire-proof, where the public records are liable
to he destroyed by fire at any time.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I am sorry
to object to this, but I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to tho bill we passed a few
days ago. We appropriated for completing
the work on the court-house at Des Moines,
Iowa, $24,573. Thus far the supervising
architect, is the master of the House. I saw
the other day the bill of expenditures on this
court-house, where it is apparent where the
money has gone. He sends out from this city
men to cover the roof of this building in Iowa,
paying for their fare there and back, and with
men to go with them to oversee them. Then
there is a patent-right, and next a royalty on
that patent-right; then on the sum total fifteen
per cent. The sum total makes just the differ-
ence my friend wants to finish his court-house.
I wish he had liis court-house finished; but I
wish he had it out of that bill to which I have
referred rather than out of this Congress.
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. This is not the place to punish the peo-
ple of my district and of my cily for the sins
committed by this supervising architect. If
he does not do his duty, punish him in a proper
manner ; but to strike at him here is to strike
at us. This building is in an unfinished con-
dition, and if this appropriation be refused 0:1
account of this supervising architect, then the
people of my State are alone to be the suffer-
ers. Let this appropriation be made, and if
the architect has done wrong punish him in
another place. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 35, noes 24; no further count being asked.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuing the construction of the building
for post office and court-house in New York city,
£500,000, subject to all the conditionsJimiting this
| appropriation in tho act of April 20,1870.
J Mr. WELLS. I move to strike that out.
The committee divided; and there were—•
ayes 2-1, noes 25 ; no quorum voting.
1 Mr. MAYNAIlD. Does the chairman of
| the Committee on Appropriations believe this
I sum is necessary for tho current year to carry
on this work ?
j Mr. DAWES. If the House will indulge
< me 
i Mr. WELLS. I object to any discussion on
j this question.
I Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Wells and
i Mr. Beam an were appointed.
' The committee again divided ; and the tell-
| ers reported—ayes 20, noes 68; no quorum
! voting.
j Mr. WELLS. 1 insist on a further count.
'I The CHAIRMAN. No quorum appearing,
I the roll will, under the rules, be called by the
I Clerk.
] The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and
the following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Am oil, Axtcll, Ayer. Bailey, Banks, Bar-
num, Benton, Bingham, Bird, Booker, Bowen, Buck,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Sidney Clarke,
Covode. Cowles, Cox, Dickey, Dockery, Duval,
Farnsworth, Fox, Gibson, Griswold. Haight, liamill,
Hamilton, Ilawley, Hays, Ilogo, Hotehkiss Alex-
ander H. Jones, Korr.Ketcham, Loughridge, Lynch,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, Mercur, Milnes.lili-
akim H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Les-
ley, Pomeroy. Porter, Randall, Ridgway, Sehenck,
Sehumaker, Porter Sheldon, Slocum, William J.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevenson,-Stiles,
Tanner. Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Van Trump,
Van Wyck.Voorhees, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Willard, Williams, and Wite&or.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Bcffinton' re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having under consider-
ation a bill (H. II. No. 2105) making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1871,
and for other purposes, and finding itself with-
out a-quorum, he had, under the rules, caused
the roll to be called; and he now reported the
names of the absentees, in order that they may
be entered upon the Journal.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and a joint reso-
lution of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act(H. R. No. 2044) declaring the bridge
between Philadelphiaand Camden apostroute;
An act (IT. R. No. 2224) making the 1st day
of January, the 25th day of December, the 4th
day of July, and Thanksgiving day holidays
within the District of Columbia ; and
A joint resolution (IT. R. No. 306) to amend
act of July 28, 1866.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. A quorum having an-
swered to their names, the committee will
resume its session.
The committee accordingly resumed its ses-
sion, (Mr. Buffikton in the chair.)
Mr. WELLS. I withdraw my motion to
strike out.
MESSAGE KROMTIIK SENATE.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham, their Secre-
tary, was received, which announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 230) to
require the holding of additional district and
circuit courts of the United States in the dis-
trict of Indiana, and for other purposes, with
an amendment, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
and a joint resolution of the House of the
following titles:
A bill (-H. R. No. 1904) for the relief of
James C. Strong;
A bill (IT. R. No. 249) concerning the dis-
trict court of the United States for the district
of Iowa;
A bill (H. It. No. 253) authorizing the allow-
ance of the claim of the State of Minnesota to
lands for the support of a State university ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2277) supplementary to
an act to provide for furnishing artificial limbs
to disabled soldiers; and
A joipt resolution (H. R. No. 251) author-
izing Surgeon George E. Cooper, of the Uni-
ted States Army, to accept a gift from the
Government of France in acknowledgment of
services rendered.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill of the House (H. B.
No. 1714) to revise, consolidate, and amend the
statutes relating to patents and copyrights,
with amendments, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill of the House (H. R. No.
380) to amend an act entitled '1 An act to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the United States," approved March 2,
1867.
The message further announced that_ the
Senate had passed a bill and joint resolutions
