1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
41st Conu....2d Sess.
Admission of Virginia—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. op Reps.
pends upon their compliance with the unjust
exactions of this measure.
The Constitution of our country, the spirit
of our institutions, and the genius of our Gov-
ernment contemplate no other mode of amend-
ing the organic lawthan by the free volition of
the States. This bill, however, overrides and
sets them all at defiance.
The provisions of this bill are not only unjust
to Georgia, but to all the other States that have
withheld their assent to the fifteenth amend-
ment, or whose assent has been fraudulently
obtained, as in the case of my own State. Jt
is binding other States with the same chain
which Georgia is forced to forge for herself.
The adoption of the thirteenth and fourteenth
amendments to the Constitution affected the
southern States directly, but the adoption of
the fifteenth amendment will affect all the
States alike : and if its adoption is to be pro-
cured by the machinery of this bill the agita-
tion growing out of this measure will spread
over the entire Republic. Learned judges
and influential statesmen will be found in
every State to denounce the amendment as
a nullity. Its force will thereby be weakened
and respect for it wanting among the people.
But this may not be all; the great States of
Pennsylvania, New York, Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois may disregard the requirements of this
amendment and go on, as they have done since
the foundation of the Government, regulating
franchise within their own borders as they may
think proper. Should attempts be made to
force its observance these States will be able
to force the adjudication of these questions
before the highest tribunal of the country,
whose decisions may overthrow the legislation
of Congress.
Admission of Virginia.
SPEECH OP HON. J. E. STEVENSON,
or oiiio,
Is the House of Representatives,
January 22, 1870,
On the bill (H. It. Wo. 783) to admit the State of Vir-
ginia to representation in the Congress of the
United States.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, the loyal
people of the North long for the return of Vir-
ginia. Notwithstanding all her transgressions
they long to welcome her to the Union again.
The restoration of Virginia is justly regarded
as the virtual conclusion of the great creative
work of congressional reconstruction; and
then there is a lingering recollection of the
ancient glory of the old Commonwealth which
inclines the people to be more tender in dealing
with her than with other rebel States no more
guilty. It were useless to deny that we sympa-
thize with these generous feelings of the people
we represent; but may we yield to them so far
as to sacrifice the sovereign right of the nation
to permanent union and peace, and the inalien-
able rights of the loyal people of Virginia to
life and liberty and an equal share in the Gov-
ernment which rules them ? Is it not our duty,
charged as we are with a sacred trust for the
good of all the people, to be exercised now,
for weal or woe, for the unmeasured years to
come, so to exercise our authority as to pre-
scribe such terms of restoration as may be
needful to secure these ends ?
We are told that the people of Virginia are
now loyal. Whom do the eloquent advocates
of unconditional restoration mean by the peo-
ple? Certainly no prudent, well-informed
statesman would aver that the white people of
Virginia are as a mass loyal and well disposed
toward the Government and people of the
Union. It would be strange if they were. A
change of heart so sudden and so great would
be marvelous. There is no evidence to prove
such a change. The conduct of the successful
party in the late election does not prove it.
Thecharacterofthe men elected does not prove
it. The social ostracism, business discrimin-
ation and cruel persecution to which loyal men
are subjected by the dominant element of soci-
ety prove the continuance of that hostility to
the Union and that prejudice of race which are
the real obstacles to the peace and harmony,
liberty and security of all. The testimony taken
before the committee of this House clearly
shows that the Conservative party in the recent
elections accepted the candidacy of Mr. Walker
and the constitution which was adopted not
because of any love or preference for the meas-
ure or the man but as a choice of evils and as
a way out of their condition of wardship to that
of a State of the Union. They came reluctantly
to the support of the man under pledges, ex-
pressed and implied, that he would aid them in
their purpose of overthrowing the constitution
they professed to adopt. They voted1 for that
constitution with the understanding that mate-
rial provisions of the instrument would not be
enforced, but immediately amended to meet
their views. During the canvass the Conser-
vative committee issued a circular addressed
to their party, in which they expressed these
views, and stated that their adopted caudidate,
Mr. Walker, had in a speech at Liberty, in
Bedford county, pledged himself that—
" If the constitution expurgated shall be adopted,
and you have elected your Stato ticket and your Le-
gislature, you may proceed at once to propose such
amendments to the constitution as will cleai it of all
its dangerous characteristics. Thccounty organiza-
tion need novor be enforced. If I am elected with
a Legislature not Radical it never will be put in
operation."
This address was issued on the 29th day of
May, 1868, and was l'reely circulated until the
election on the 0th day of July, 1808, and Mr.
Walker never, so fax as appears, denied its
correctness or its binding obligation upon
him, until before the committee of this House
he attempted to explain it away ; whereupon
Conservative Virginians are said to have inaig-
nan tly exclaimed " somebody is to be cheated.''
Now, sir, this "expurgated constitution"
was adopted. This candidate was elected with
a Legislature anything but Radical; and we
are asked to hand over the State and people
of Virginia to his keeping. Would it not be
well to consider what this county system is
which is never to be put in operation. It is a
part of the constitution so obviously important
that the President refused upon the urgent
solicitation of the Conservatives of Virginia to
submit it to a separate vote. It is the only
provision for common schools and for the
administration of justice, and this is what the
controlling element proposes to abolish. If
they begin here where will they end? If they
once taste this life-blood of liberty and equal
rights when will they be satisfied ? Strike down
common schools and leave the people of Vir-
ginia without provision for education, and what
will be the condition of that community, what
the hope for the future? Arc we not bound
to provide against the conspiracy by affixing
a condition securing the people against its
consummation ?
The constitution as expurgated is in direct
conflict with the fourteenth article of amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
under which we are here convened.
The third section of that article is as follows :
"Sec. 3. No person shall bo a Senator or Repre-
sentative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under the United States, or under any Stato, who,
having previously taken an oath as a member of
Congress, or as an officer of tlio "United States, or as
a member of any Stato Legislature, or as an execu-
tive or judicial officer of any State, to support the
Constitution of the United States, shall have en-
gaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same,
or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof, tint
Congress may, by a vote of two thirds of each House,
remove such disability."
The expurgated Virginia constitution pro-
vides:
" Article III.
" Elective franchise and qualifications for ojjicc.
"Section 1. Every male citizen of the United
States twenty-one years old who shall have been a
resident of this Stato twelve months, and of the
county, city, or town in which he shall offer to vote
three months next preceding any election, shall bo
entitled to vote upon all questions submitted to the
people at such election: Provided, That no officer,
soldier, seaman or marine of theUnited States Army
or Navy shall be considered a resident of this Stato
by reason of being stationed therein: And provided
also. That the following persona shall be excluded
from voting:
"1. Idiots and lunatics.
"2. Persons convicted of bribery in any election,
embezzlement of public funds, treason, or felony.
"3. No person who, while acitizen of this State, has
since the adoption of this constitution fought a duel
with a deadly weapon, sent or accepted a challenge
to fight a duel with a deadly weapon, either within
or beyond the boundaries of this State, or knowingly
conveyed a challenge, or aided or assisted in any
manner in fighting a duel shall be allowed to vote
or hold any office of honor, profit, or trust under this
constitution.
"SEC. 2. All elections shall be by ballot, and all
persons entitled to vote shall be eligible to any office
within the gift of the people except as restricted in
this constitution."
The original provisions qualifying these sec-
tions were stricken out, and thus the constitu-
tion presented for our approval expressly pro-
vides that "every male citizen of the United
States, twenty-one years old,'' with the inci-
dents of age and residence, shall be eligible to
office, save only idiots and lunatics, persons
convicted of bribery in any election, embezzle-
ment, of public funds, treason or felony, and
duelists.
We are told that notwithstanding this we
should admit the State unconditionally, be-
cause these provisions of this constitution being
in conflict with the Constitution of the United
States are void; but gentlemen forget that
neither we nor our courts may have the oppor-
tunity of construeing the State constitution in
the first instance. The State Legislature ap-
points the judges of all the courts, from county
to supreme, who hold their office during terms
ranging from three to twelve years. These
judges would first pass upon the question.
They would probably be themselves disquali-
fied under the fourteenth amendment; for who
can suppose that a Legislature of ex-rebels
would fail to appoint ex-rebels to office? A
judge, himself ineligible, would be forbidden
by a maxim of law older than Virginia herself
to hear the question, for no man can be a judge
in his own case; and we might see the strange
spectacle of thousands of flagrant violations of
our Constitution without a court competent to
decide a case if made.
But should some judge disregard that ancient,
maxim, or one be found to whom it would not
apply, could we liope for a sound decision
against his interest or wishes, against popular
opinion and prejudice? Would he not prc-
sumeinfavorof the State constitution? Could
he not easily salve his conscience with the
theory invented by the Democracy of the
North, that our constitutional amendments
are themselves unconstitutional? What hope
would there be of a just decision short of an
appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States, pending which the term of office would
have expired or the incumbent grown gray
in his place? We have not the discretion thus
to remit the enforcement of the Constitution
to futurity. If we do not intend to apply this
provision let us by some general law remov"
disabilities. If a law is not fit to be enforced
I it should be repealed. After the adoption ol
I the fifteenth amendment we may well consider
j the propriety of some libera! policy for remov-
! ing disabilities; but let the immunity be freely
granted, and not taken by force and in defiance
of the Constitution.
good faith."
But, sir, we are told that the faith of Con-
