60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 22,
Ho. of Reps.
Admission, of Virginia—Mr. Stevenson.
41st Cong. .. .2d Sess.
gtess is pledged, and the requirement of con-
ditions violates it. How are we pledged to
admit Virginia unconditionally? Certainly
not by legislation. The first act of Congress,
providing for the reconstruction of the rebel
States, passed March 2, 1867, contained the
following provision :
" Whereas no legal State governments or adequate
protection for life or property now exist in the
rebel States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Car-
olina, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana,
Florida, Texas, and Arkansas; and whereas it is
necessary that peace and good order shall be enforced
in said States until loyal and republican State Gov-
ernments can lie legally established : Therefore."
& £ •'< & # % v ^ i-,
"Sec. 6. And be it further enacted* That until the
people of said rebel States shall bo by law admitted,
to representation inthe Congress of thetJnited States,
any civil governments which may exist therein shall
bedeemed provisional only and in all respects subject
to the paramount authority of the United States at
any time to abolish, modify, control, or supersede the
same."
This act applies expressly to Virginia—she
is first named—and remains in full force. The
nest act, passed March 23,1867, entitled " An
act supplementary to an act entitled ' An act
to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States/ passed March 2, 1867,
and to facilitate restoration/' provides:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if according
to said returns tlio constitution shall be ratified by a
majority of the votes of the registered electors qual-
ified, as herein specified, cast at said election, (at i east
one half ot all the registered voters voting upon the
question of such ratification,) the president of the
convention shall transmit a copy of the same, duly
certified, to the President of the United States, who
shall forthwith transmit the same to Congress, if then
in session, and if not in session, then immediately
upon its next assembling; and if it shall, moreover,
appear to Congress that the election was one at which
nil the registered and qualified electors in the State
had an opportunity to vote freely and without re-
straint, fear, or the influence of fraud, and if the
Congress shall be satisfied that such constitution
meets the approval of a majority of all the qualified
electors in the State, and if the said constitution shall
bo declared by Congress to bo in conformity with the
provisions of the act towhicb this is supplementary,
and the other provisions of said act shall have been
complied with, and the said constitution shall be
approved by Congress, the State shall be declared
entitled to representation and Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall be admitted therefrom as therein
provided."
This act remains in full force.
Under the influence of the late Administra-
tion Virginia had failed and refused to comply
with these acts, and on the 7th day of April,
1809, President Grant sent to Congress his
special message, which is well worth a full
reading here:
To the^ Senate and House of Representatives:
While I am aware that the time in which CoBgress
proposes now to^ remain in session is very brief, and
that it is its desire, as far as is consistent with the
public interest, to avoid entering upon the general
business of legislation, there is one subject which con-
corns so deeply the welfare of the country that I deem
ii my duty to bring it before you. I have no doubt
t hat you will concur with me in the opinion that it is
desirable to restore th-e States which were engaged
m the rebellion to their proper relations to the Gov-
ernment and country at as early a period as the peo-
ple of those States shall be found willing to become
peaceful and orderly communities, and to adopt and
maintain such constitutions and Jaws as will effect-
ually secure the civil and political rights of all per-
sonswithinthcirborders. Theauthority of theUnited
States, which has been vindicated and established by
its military power, must undoubtedly be asserted for
the absolute protection of all its citizens in the full
enjoyment of the freedom and security which is the
object of a republican government. But whenever
the people of a rebellious State are ready to enter in
good faith upon the accomplishment of this object
in entire conformity with the constitutional authority
°? Confess it is certainly desirable that all causes
of irritation should be removed as promptly aspossi-
ble, that a more pcrfect union may be established and
the country be restored to peace and prosperity,
Ihe convention of the people of Virginia which
met m Richmond on Tuesday, December 3, 1867,
framed a constitution for that State, which was
adopted by thb convention on the 17th of April, 3868,
and I desire respectfullytocallthe attention of Con-
srrc?s t o th o propriety of providing bylaw for the hold-
iBgoian election in that State at some time during the
months of May and June next, under the direction of
f ho military commander of the district, atwhichthe
question of the adoption of that constitution shall be
submitted to the citizens of the State. And if this
• hould seem desirable I would recommend that a sep-
arate vote be taken upon sueh parts as may be thought
expedient; and that at the same time, and under
the same authority, thero shall be an election for the
officers provided under such constitution; and that
the constitution, or such parts thereof as shall have
been adopted by the people, be submitted to Con-
gress on the first Monday of December next for its
consideration; so that if the same is then approved
the necessary steps will h ave been taken for the res-
toration of the State of Virginia to its proper rela-
tions to the Union. 1 am led to make this recommend-
ation from the confident hope and belief that the
people of that State are now ready to cooperate with
the national Government in bringing it again into
such relations to the Union as it ought as soon as
possible to establish and maintain, and to give to
all its peoplethose equal rights under the law which
were asserted in the Declaration of Independence in
the words of one of the most illustrious of its sons.
I desire also to ask the consideration of Congress
to the question whether there is not just ground for
believing that the constitution framed by a conven-
tion of thepeopleof Mississippi for thatStateandonce
rejected might not be again submitted to the people
of that State in like manner and with the probability
of the same result.
II. S. GRANT.
Washington, D. C., April 7,1869.
The spirit of this message is liberal, but it
is also firm and abates nothing of the authority
of Congress or of the claim of equal rights for
all the people. Thaddeus Stevens could not
have been more strenuous for congressional
authority; Abraham Lincoln could not have
asked more for liberty. It declares that—
"The authority of the United States, which has
been vindicated and established by its military power,
must undoubtedly be asserted for the absolute pro-
tection of all its citizens in the full enjoyment of the
freedom and security which is the object of a repub-
lican Government."
And again, it reserves all power to Congress
by recommending that—
"The constitution, or such parts thereof as shall
have been adopted by the people, be submitted to
Congress on tho first Monday of December next for
its consideration; so that if the same is then ap-
proved the necessary steps will have been taken for
the restoration of the State of Virginiato its proper
relations to the Union."
There spoke the spirit of Stevens, the chief
author and founder of all that is sound and
enduring in congressional reconstruction.
And it concludes by saying :
" I am led to make this recommendation from the
confident hope and belief that the people of that
State are now ready to cooperate with the national
Government in bringing it again into such relations
to the Union as it ought, as soon as possible, to estab-
lish and maintain, and to give to all its people those
equal rights under the law which were asserted in
the Declaration of Independence in the words of one
of the most illustrious of its sons."
There spoke the spirit of Abraham Lincoln,
the humane emancipator. On the 10th day
of April, 1S69, under the impulse of this ad-
mirable state paper, Congress passed almost
unanimously 11 An act authorizing the submis-
sion of the constitutions of Virginia, Missis-
sippi, and Texas to a vote of the people, and
authorizing the election of State officers, pro-
vided by the said constitutions and members
of Congress," which contained the following
sections:
"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States,
at such time as he may deem best for the public in-
terest, may submit the constitution which was
framed by the convention which met in Richmond,
Virginia, on Tuesday, the 3d day of December, 1867,
to the voters of said State registered at the date of
said submission for ratification or rejection; and
may also submit to a separate vote such provisions
of said constitution as he may deem best, such vote
to be taken either upon each of the said provisions
atone, or in connection with the other portions of
said constitution, as the President may direct.
"Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the pro-
ceedings in any of said States shall not be deemed
final or operate as a complete restoration thereof
until their action, respectively, shall be approved
by Congress."
And it is upon this act that the unconditional
admissionists base their claim that Congress
has surrendered the trust imposed by the Con-
stitution, and pledged the national honor to the
admission of the bloodiest of the rebel States
without condition. Sir, the title shows the
purpose, merely to allow the people to vote
upon the constitution and elect officers. The
first section provides that the President may
submit any part of the constitution separately.
Suppose he had erried or been misled into sub-
mitting separately such vital parts as all admit
to be essential to republican government, and
these had been voted down, would any Repub-
lican have claimed that we could not refuse to
admit Virginia ; that our honor was pledged,
our judgment pawned, and our authority para-
lyzed ? If not, how can the claim be supported
now? But as if to guard against this assump-
tion the act in the last section expressly pro-
vides '' that the proceedings shall not be deemed
final" until they shall "be approved by Con-
gress."
Sir, to claim that by the legislation cited
Congress has abandoned its power-over a rebel
State and opened the temple of the Union to
all comers, come as they may, is not less pre-
posterous than was the claim of the right of
secession, or that of the absolute right of rebel
States to return to all the privileges of the
Union upon laying down their arms, red with
Union blood. We have imposed conditions
upon all rebel States heretofore restored save
one, the State of Tennessee; and what loyal
man does not regret that we did not lay con-
ditions upon her ? After Tennessee the first
State admitted was Arkansas; then followed
North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Alabama, and Florida, all subject to this pro-
vision of law:
" Upon the fundamental condition that their con-
stitutions shall never be so amended or changed as
to deprivo any citizen or elass of citizens ot the Uni-
ted States of tho right to vote who are entitled to
vote by the constitution herein recognized, except as
a punishment for such crimes as are now felonies at
common law, whereof they shall have been duly con-
victed under laws equally applicable to all the inh ab-
itantsofsaid Statef Provided, That any alteration
of said constitution prospective in its effect may bo
made in regard to the? time and place of residence
of voters."
Why should not this fundamental condition
be applied to Virginia ? What has she done
that should give her superior prerogatives?
Our experience with Georgia warns us that we
should add another condition to protect the
citizen in the constitutional right to a share in
the administration of the government and the
laws which were formed by his voice, and on
which his property, liberty, and life depend.
If we are now to deliver the loyal people of
Virginia into the hands of their enemies we owe
it to them and to the country to provide all
these precautions against the abuse of power
by those whose rebel prejudices and propensi-
ties are so much stronger than their better im-
pulses that they onght not to ask to be made
the guardians of people whom they hate only
less than they despise. A sincerely penitent
wolf would not ask to be made guardian of the
fold. A repenting sinner prays, "Lead me
not into temptation." The anxiety of the rebel
element of Virginia for unlimited control over
the loyal people there is a strong proof of the
shallowness of their reformation.
But, sir, we are told that we have no power
to lay conditions upon Virginia which will bind
her after her admission, and that ive are doing
a vain thing and uselessly irritating a proud
people.
This argument ignores the history of the
country. In the majority of acts of Congress
admitting new and innocent States "funda-
mental conditions" have been prescribed, some
securing the rights of the people, some those
of the United States.
But we are met by the assertion that we are
not now admitting a State; that Virginia never
was out. Neither were the people of the Terri-
tories nor the Territories themselves out of the
Union prior to the admission of the Territories
as States; but they were not in the Union as
States, nor is Virginia. The corporate State
of Virginia by the action of her people entered
