2018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
110 objection to the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas, and it is agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not mean to inter-
pose any objection to the bill, but I will call
the attention of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance and other members of that com-
mittee-to a view which suggests itself to me, to
wliich there may possibly be an answer that I
have not heard. I will read the bill as it stands,
omitting unimportant words in order to pre-
sent the idea which I have: "all provisions
of existing laws whereby any tax or duty is
levied upon real or personal property devised
or bequeathed, in trust or otherwise, for public
uses of a literary, educational, or charitable
character, or upon any real or personal estate
which may become subject to any trust, as afore-
said, under any past or future disposition, shall
be repealed."
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill follows the lan-
guage of the existing tax law.
Mr. CONKLING. Thatmaybe. But now
I wish to present to the honorablo Senator a
suggestion for his consideration, and which
presents itself to my mind from the reading
of the bill; and hence it may be a mere super-
ficial suggestion. The proposition is to exempt
from all taxation property, whether real, per-
sonal, ormixed, which may become chargeable
with any trust of this sort. Does the Senator
mean that? I think he hardly means that.
Suppose a legacy is given to a charitable insti-
tution ; it is made a charge upon land specific-
ally. Surely we do not mean to exempt from
State taxation all lands upon which such a trust
is made chargeable?
Again, suppose a chattel, real or personal
property, is made specifically applicable to the
recognition and observance of a trust, which
may bo only iu a slight degree, as compared
with the whole value of the property, a charge
upon it; do we mean to exempt all property so
chargeable from taxation State, and national?
I do not mean to prolong my suggestion, I
have made it sufficiently to enable the Senator
from Ohio to see whether there be anything
hi it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to answer the sug-
gestion of the Senator from New York now,
because it will take but a moment to do so.
Both points presented by him wore raised be-
fore the Finance Committee, and considered
by the committee. The first is, that this might
exempt real property from State taxation. We
have no authority to do that; but if there could
be any ground for the supposition that we pro-
posed to remit State taxation, that is cured by
the amendment which has been made at the
suggestion of the Senator from Kansas. As a
matter of course our law could be construed
only to remit national taxation, but that is
expressly provided for by the amendment which
has been made.
Then in regard to the other point, that prop-
erty partially charged with public uses might
be exempted from taxation, it seems to me
that does not come within the meaning of the
bill. We have iu this bill followed the precise
language of the section of the law which it is
proposed to repeal. We use in this bill the
precise language contained in the law levying
the succession tax on charities, so that I think
there is no practical difficulty. But if the Sen-
ator fiom New York wauls to guard against a
possible misconstruction I would suggest the
insertion of the word "wholly," so that the
bill shall be confined to cases where the prop-
erty is wholly subject to these trusts. If that
suggestion does not suit the Senator let him
propose any other amendment that he thinks
will meet the purpose.
Mr. CONKLING. If the bill is to go over
I think we had better consider the matter with
deliberation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we can pass it now.
Mr. CONKLING. My only purpose was to
call the. Senator's attention to the point which
I made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that it is proposed to amend the bill by
inserting the word " wholly."
Mr. CONKLING. The only objection to
that, I suggest, is that the bill then will not
take as much effect as the Senator wants it to
do. The purpose is, in the language of a court
of equity, to carve out so much of an estate as
is burdened with a charitable use, and exempt
that from taxation. That is what the Senator
wants to do. Now, if he confines it simply to
an instance where the whole estate is burdened,
or devoted, or absorbed, so to speak, then he
may find that in many instances there is a charge
trifling in amount on property considerable in
value, and it would be taxed despite his pro-
vision of relief. Therefore I suggest to liim,
without having the billbefore me, to say, if that
would be the appropriate language, "in so far"
or "to such extent" as it is burdened. I per-
ceive that the Senator from Wisconsin [Air.
Carpexter] has the bill before liim and has
his pen in hand; he will see where my sugges-
tion would be applicable.
Mr. SHERMAN. This very point was made
in committee; and the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard,] who I regret is not in his seat,
who is known to be a very good lawyer, exam-
ined it, aud concluded to use in this bill the
very language of the act which it is proposed
to repeal. I have it before me. It provides
" that where real estate shall become subject
to a trust for any charitable or public purpose,
under any past or future disposition, which if
made in favor of an individual would confer
on him a succession," there shall be payable
a tax of six per cent. We have iu repealing
this tax used the very words of the original act.
In order to get the bill through I am willing to
yield to almost any modification.
There are several important bequests and
legacies about to take effect indifferent States
ot' the Union where the parties have neglected
to pay the succession tax, 011 account of the
apparent hardship ot it. Bills are now pend-
ing iu various forms to remit the tax in those
cases. The internal revenue office feel a lit-
tle troubled about it. They have delayed col-
lecting the tax so long that they feel bound
now to proceed to collect it uuless Congress
remits il. There is a universal feeling, 1 be-
lieve, that there ought not to be a tax of six
per cent, levied 011 public charities. There is
one case where a gentleman of high character
in Now York proposes to found a public library
which may involve $1,000,000, andyet he can-
not take a single step without paying $00,000
before he can transfer his property and proceed
to establish a public library. We do not think
that is right or just, and therefore we wish to
get this bill passed, in order that these bequests
may go 011 and these charities may be estab-
lished without being subject to this tax.
Mr. PRATT. 1 wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Ohio whether this bill is intended to
exempt these charities from the stamp tax on
conveyances and other taxes not expressly
mentioned ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; the bill only
applies to the succession tax. It does not
apply to anything else; and the stamp and
other taxes will remain as before.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
from Wisconsin suggests to me an amendment
which may accomplish the purpose, to insert
after the word " succession" in the eleventh
line 
Mr. HOWARD. I did not expect when I
yielded the floor that so much time would be
occupied in the discussion of the bill of the
Senator from Ohio. I think it had better go
over for further-consideration; and I call for
the order of the day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill which
has been considered must go over, and the
Georgia bill be taken up.
STATE OF GEORGIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. It.
No. 1835) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being upon the
amendment of Mr. Mortos, to add, as an
additional section to the bill, the following:
And be it further cnaeted, That so much of the act
entitled "An act makingappropriation:-;for thesup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,1868,
and for other purposes," approved March 2,1867, as
prohibits the organization, arming, or catling into
servico of the miiitia force in the State of Georgia,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator from
Michigan yield to me?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; I give way.
Mr. SPENCER. Mr. President, impelled
by an earnest desire to do my whole duty as a
servant of the people, representing in part
one of the reconstructed or seceding States,
I have endeavored, so far as my ability would
permit, to closely analyze the reasonings which
have been advanced by honorable Senators in
opposition to imposing fundamental conditions
upon the' States of Virginia and Mississippi.
The debates upon the admission of these States
were able and eloquent, and I gave them care-
ful attention, with the especial view of being
governed in my vote by a sense of justice as
well to the Government as to the people. But,
Mr. President, upon a review of the whole sub-
ject, and while yielding the highest respect
to the opinions of my colleagues of the Sen-
ate who differ with me upon this question, I
am deeply impressed with the fact that Con-
gress is fully and amply justified in the course
adopted, exactingfrom these States guarantees
which I insist the public safety imperatively
demands.
I can well conceive, Mr. President, how the
American people, always generous and mag-
nanimous, may, under such inspirations, have
been heretofore guided in their charity, aud
thus unwittingly wrong the body-politic by en-
deavoring to heal the wounds of war too quickly,
in the fond but delusive hope that the recip-
ients of this national generosity would kindly
and gratefully accept it in the spirit in which
it was offered.
But, Mr. President, I contend that our gen-
erosity has been mistaken and productive of
almost irreparable mischief', and that our ori-
ginal good intentions and desires have been
pearls cast away, wholly unappreciated and
barren of those good results which it was rea-
sonably oxpecled would have arisen therefrom.
When the war closed by the subjugation of the
armed forces of the rebellion, and while yet
the ground was moist with the blood of our
brothers martyred jn the cause of the Union,
the universal sentiment of the country was
generous forgiveness, dgprecating the harsh
measures of revenge; and, contrary to the pre-
cedents of all revolutions, we yielded by com-
mon consent the punishment to person and
property.
It is -well authenticated, and cannot be suc-
cessfully controverted, that this was more than
was expected by the rebellious element. It
fully understood that this "arbitrament of
arms," as it has been poetically but untruth-
fully called, brought with it certain inevitable
penalties which always follow unsuccessful rev-
olution, and it was prepared to receive them.
Contrary to what had been the prevailing idea
of the confederates, we exacted no penalties
of person or property, and to-day, for the first
time in the history of all revolutions, theleaders
of the rebellion walk the streets unmolested
and enjoy the^ privileges of citizenship, wholly
unrestricted in their estates and persons—an
unprecedented example of national liberality
and magnanimity. Before the ink had scarcely
dried upon their written paroles, these revolu-
tionists commenced the formation of combina-
tions to secure again power and place, and they
have been and are now unceasing in their un-
scrupulous efforts to regain political strength
and to consecrate the bonajides of the "lost
cause." The work of reconstruction has been
