8906
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
eleventh regiment United States infantry,-in
the war of 1812.
The bill (H. R. No. 1803) to disapprove of
certain acts of the Legislative Assembly of Idaho
Territory, and for other purposes, was read
twice by.its title, and referred to the Committee
on Territories.
ZACHARIAH P1STTIJOHN.
Mr. RAMSEY. ' With the consent of the
Senator from Maine, I should like to call up a
small bill for the relief of a settler, an old
man who, after having occupied the land for
five years, found, unfortunately, that his house
was a few rods across the line. It is Souse
bill No. 771,- for the relief of Zachariah Petti-
john, reported from the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. I cannot consent to give
way.
Mr. RAMSEY. If it occupies five minutes
I will withdraw it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Nearly twenty different
Senators have come to me and made similar
requests. Now 1 hope we shall have this little
remnant of time to attend to District business.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator will have the
whole evening. Let the Clerk read the bill,
and then if the Senator objects after that, I
will let it go over.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object, without its being
read, because I have refused others, and I am
going to stand precisely on that ground. I
have said to the Senator from Minnesota what
I have said to others. I will not object to the
making of a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill for a
territorial government for this District is now
before the Senate.
OTIS N. CUTLER.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Maine con-
sents that I may make a report. It will be
remembered that House bill No. 1G66, for the
relief of Otis N. Cutler, of Missouri, which
passed the Senate some time ago, was finally re-
considered and recommitted to the Committee
on Claims, with power to send for persons and
papers, to make an examination into some
charges which were preferred against the char-
acter of the claim, charges which came from
the Treasury Department. The witness whose
name was given as the authority for the charge
was brought before the committee, and he was
examined at length. His testimony was taken
down, and several other witnesses were exam-
ined before the committee. The committee
were convinced that the charges were not well
founded; indeed, there was no charge pre-
ferred ; the witness said he did not intend to
make any charge against the character of the
claim ; and therefore tha committee have in-
structed me to report the bill back and again
recommend its passage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As that bill was
recommitted on my motion, after it had passed
the Senate, I hope there will be no objection
to its being put in its original place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was on its
passage, and' if there be no objection the ques-
tion will be put upon its passage. It will be
subject to a reconsideration if any Senator
desires it.
The bill was passed.
CHANGE Off REFERENCE.
Mr. OSBORN. I move that the bill (S. No.
321) to provide for a building suited to the use
of the post office, the revenue officers, and the
judicial officers of the United States, in the
city of Jacksonville, Florida, be withdrawn
from the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Hnads, to which it was "referred, and referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds,
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill {S.
No. 951) to provide for the sale of the United
States court-house and grounds at St. Augus-
tine, Florida; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
CHURCH PROPERTY AND CORPORATIONS.
Mr. HAMLIN.- I now ask the Senate to
take up House bill No. 2005.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Instead of the
territorial bill?
Mr. HAMLIN". I move that that bill be
passed over for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over if there be no objection, and the question
is on the motion of the Senator from. Maine to
take up House bill No. 2005.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
tonsider the bill (H. R. No. 2005) exempting
from taxes certain property in the District of
Columbia, and to amend the act to provide
for the creation of corporations in the District
of Columbia by general law. The bill proposes
to exempt all churchfes and school-houses, and
all buildings, grounds, and property appurten-
ant thereto, and used in connection therewith,
in the District of Columbia, from any and all
taxes or assessments, national, municipal, or
county. It also provides that savings-banks
may be organized within the District of Colum-
bia under the provisions of section four of an
act to provide for the creation of corporations
in the District of Columbia by general law, and
that the limitation of twenty years provided for
in that section for the existence of corpora-
tions created under and by virtue of its provis-
ions shall not apply to corporations formed
only for the purpose of life insurance.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to insert the word
"parsonages" after "churches," in the third
line of the first section.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope my colleague on
the committee will not offer that amendment.
I was in favor of it in the committee, but the
committee of the House examined the subject
carefully and were opposed to it. This is a
House bill, and I hope he will not, therefore,
press that amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. I was spoken to by some
citizens of Washington in respect to this mat-
ter. They were very desirous that parsonages
should be included in the bill. They may
possibly now be; I am not sure that they are.
1 should like to accommodate the Senator,
but I feel an interest in having "parsonages"
inserted as well as " churches."
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
o"n the amendment, and declared that the
" noes" appeared to have it.
Mr. VICKERS. I ask for a division.
Mr. HAMLIN.,, That will break up the
session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maryland insist on the call for a
division ?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen
ator from Maine move to pass over the bill for
the present?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; if my colleague
on the committee wants to break up the ses-
sion let him do it.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the bill be
passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS AND MARRIAGES.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move that the Senate
take up House bill No. 2065.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2065) to further
amend the law of the District of Columbia in
relation to judicial proceedings, and to pre-
serve records of. marriages therein.
The first section of the bill abolishes all fic-
tions in the pleadings of ejectment within the
District of Columbia, and provides that all
. actions for the recovery of real estate in the
District shall be commenced in the name of
the real party in interest, and against the party
claiming to own or be possessed thereof.
Section two provides that any of the duties
of the clerk of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia may be performed, in his
name, by- any of the assistant clerks in his
office; and the assistants may sign the name
of the clerk to any process, certificate, or other
official act required by law or by the practice
of the court to be performed by the clerk, and
may authenticate the signature by affixing the
seal of the court thereto, whereon the impress
of the seal is necessary to its authentication.
In such cases the signature shall be, " 
 . clerk, by —=—  r> assistant
clerk.'
By the third section it is provided that after
a judgment for a debt amounting with interest
to twenty dollars, exclusive of costs, before a
justice of the peace of the District of Colum-
bia, the judgment creditor may, when execu-
tion is returned " No personal property found
whereon to levy," file in the clerk's office of
the supreme court of the District a certified
copy of the judgment, which shall be docketed
in the docket of law causes in the office in the
same manner as appeals from justices are
docketed there ; and when so docketed, the
force and effect of the judgement shall be the
same as to lien and execution, as if it had been
a judgment of the court.
For the purpose of preserving the evidence
of marriages in the District of Columbia, the
fourth section provides that every minister of
the Gospel, appointed or ordained according
to the rites and ceremonies of his church,
whether his residence be in the District of
Columbia or elsewhere in the United States or
its Territories, may be licensed to celebrate
marriages in the District; and the license is to
be issued by the clerk of the supreme court of
said District in the following form:
To any minister of the Gospel authorized to cele-
brate marriages in the District of Columbia, greet-
ing:
You are hereby licensed to solemnize the rites of
marriage between , of , and 
 -, of , if you find no lawful impediment
thereto; and having so done, you are commanded to
appear in the clerk's office of the supreme court of
said District and certify the same.
Witness my hand and the seal of said court:
 , Clerk.
The fifth section requires the clerk to provide
arecord-book of his office, consisting of licenses
in the above form, printed in blank, one of
which he shall fill up with the names of the
parties for whose union any license has been
issued, and beneath it shall be printed a cer-
tificate to be made by the minister who solemn-
ized the marriage, in the following form:
I,   .minister of  church in ,
hereby certify that, by authority of a license of the
ssune tenor as the foregoing, X solemnized the mar-
riage of the parties aforesaid, on the — day of ,
eighteen , at , in the District of Columbia.
The sixth section makes a copy of any license
and certificate, recorded in the book men-
tioned, certified by the clerk, under his hand
and the seal of the court, competent evidence
of a marriage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
REAL ESTATE CONVEYANCES.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move that the Senate
take up House bill No. 1633.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1633) to simplify
the conveyance of real estate in the District of
Columbia.
The first section of the bill provides that any
conveyance of lands worded in substance as
follows: "A B conveys and warrants to C
D," (here describe the premises,) "for the
sum of," (here insert the consideration,) being
dated, and duly signed, sealed, and acknowl-
by the grantor, shall b« deemed and
