1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2963
establishment of certain mail routes; which
was referred to the Committee ou the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
land-grant railroad in iowa.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Iown, proving for a grant ot lands by Congress
to aid in the construction of a railroad therein
named; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be priuted.
fox and wisconsin kivk113.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, also presented a joint
resolutiou of the Legislature of the State of
Iowa in reference to the Fox and Wisconsin
risers; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
post routes in wisconsin.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1870) to establish certain post
routes in the State of Wiscousin ; which was
read a first aud second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
reduction of taxation.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1871) for the relief of the people of the United
States by reducing taxation therein ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
land-grant railroad in minnesota.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1872) granting lands in the
State of Minnesota for constructing a railroad
from Lake Superior to Vermilion Lake; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands,and ordered
to be printed.
claims op loyal west virginians.
Mr. WITCHER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 266) relative to claims of loyal West
Virginians; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi- ;
ciary, and ordered to be printed. >
indian treaties.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill 1
(H. R. No. 1873) to carry into effect the treaties
between the United States and the Choctaw
and Chickasaw, Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee '
nations of Indians, A. D. 1866, for the establish- ;
ment of an international council and general
government among said nations: which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker,
I have been requested to introduce this bill by
the Cherokee delegation, and to ask its refer-
ence to the Committee on the Territories. I
desire to say that I do not wish to be held
responsible for what the bill contains.
oregon branch of pacific railroad.
Mr. FITCH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1874) granting lands to aid in the construction
of the Oregon Branch Pacific railroad, and to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from Portland to Astoria and
McMinnville, in the State of Oregon; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Pablic Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
boundaries of land districts.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1875) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior
to change the boundaries of land districts;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
omaiia and northwestern railroad.
Mr. TAFFE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1876) to aid in" the construction of the
Omaha and Northwestern railroad and tele-
graph line from Omaha, via the mouth of
Niobrara river, to Fort Berthold, Dakota Ter-
ritory ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
oregon branch pacific railuoad.
Mr. FITCH introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1877) granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from Portland
to Astoria and McMinnville, in tho State of
Oregon; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
post routes in colorado tkuritoky.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1878) to establish certain post routes in
Colorado Territory; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee ou
the Post Office and Post Roads.
dakota post routes.
Mr. SPINK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1879) to establish a post route from Le Mars',
in the State of Iowa, to Yancton, in the Ter-
ritory of Dakota; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
collection district of montana, etc.
Mr. CAVANAUGH introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 18S0) to repeal section two of an act
entitled "An act to establish the collection dis-
trict of Port Huron, the collection district of
■ Michigan, the collection district of Montana and
I Idaho, and to change the name of the collection
district of Penobscot;" which was read a first
and second timo, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
indian titles.
Mr. CAVANAUGH also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1881) to extinguish Indian titles
to certain portions of the Territories of Mon-
tana and Idaho; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
call for resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The call of States and
Territories for bills and resolutions having
been concluded, the States will now be called
for resolations, beginning with the State of
North Carolina, where the call rested on Mon-
day last.
payment of lotal citizens.
Mr. DOCKERY. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution, already hav-
ing offered one under this call:
Ketolved, That the honor and good faith of the
Government are bound to the payment of loyal
citizens of the South for property of every descrip-
tion taken from them for the use of tho Army, Navy,
or Government.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to the gentleman
offering two resolutions under this call.
tariff.
Mr. AYER submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Whereas the Secretary of the Treasury estimates
the customs receipts of the Government for the next
fiscal year at $185,000,000, tho internal revenue re-
ceipts at $175,000,000, and tho excess of total receipts
overexpenditures at $102,000,000; and whereas the
pablic welfare demands such prompt reduction of
the hardens of taxation as shall be consistent with
the maintenance of the public credit; and whereas
it is both impracticable and inexpedient to make a
general readjustment of the tariff during the present
session of Congress: Therefore,
Hetolved, That in the opinion of this House the
tariff bill now pending in the Committee of the Whole
ought to be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is that resolution in order?
The 8PEAKER. If the resolution pro-
posed the indefinite postponement of the tariff
bill it would not be in oraer. It is a well-known
parliamentary principle that nothing can be
postponed which is not under consideration.
Jf adopted this resolution has no practical
effect, as it is a mere expression of opinion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Ig the resolution divisible?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It embraces
only one proposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. I nsk for a separate vote
on the preamble and resolution.
The House divided; and tliero were—ayes
: 28, noes 110.
! So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. FARNSWOUTH rose to debate the
resolution, and it went over.
TRADE WITH BRITISH NOUTII AMERICA.
Mr. GIBSON submitted the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question on
its adoption:
Hetolved, That the Seoretary of the Treasury bo,
and ho is hereby, diroeted to cuuso an inquiry to bo
made for tho information of Congress relative to tho
state of trade botweon the United States nnd tho sev-
eral dependencies of Groat Britain in North Amor-
ica, and that tho Secretary is hereby authorized to
designate a suitable person to make such inquiry,
who may be paid not more than ton dollars per day
while employed in such servico, with au allowance
of ten ceuts per mile l'or defraying the oxponsos of
neco&ary travel.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
34, noes 86.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. PETERS rose to debate the resolution,
and it went over.
TAX SALK3 IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. McKENZIE submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Retolved, That the President of the United States
is requested to cause to be communicated to this
House a statement of all moneys paid into tho Treas-
ury on account of all property seized and sold for
taxes due to the United Statos under and by virtue
of an act of Congress of June 7, 1802, entitled "An
1 act to collect taxes in insurrectionary districts, and
for otther purposes," including also a statement of
the title of each case, the name of tho owner of the
property sold, the purchaser of the same at tho tax
sale, and the names of tho officers by whom respect-
ively tho prooeeds of sale in each case may have been
paid into the Treasury, and the amount actually paid
in in each and every case.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to make a parliamentary
inquiry. If the demand for the previous ques-
: tion is not sustained will it be in order to move
1 to refer the resolution to the Committee on
1 Freedmen's Affairs?
! The SPEAKER. Such a motion woald be
1 in order unless some gentleman gets the floor
! to debate it.
On seconding the previous question there
, were, on a division—ayes 36, noes 88.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ALLISON rising to debate the resolu-
tion, it went over under the rule.
property taken for USE of government.
I Mr. BOOKER submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question: -
Hetolved, That the honor and good faith of this
Government are bound to the payment of loyal oiti-
lens of the South for property of overy description
taken from them for the use of the Army, Navy, or
Government.
On seconding the previous question there
were, on a division—ayes 63, noes G5.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Booker and
Mr. Allison were appointed.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Booker] to modify his resolu-
j tion by striking out the word "loyal" and
: inserting the word "patriotic;" so that it will
provide for "thepayment of patriotic citizens
of the South."
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order when
the tellers have taken their places and the
House is dividing.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 69, noes 90.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mf. KELSEY and Mr. BINGHAM rising to
debate the resolution, it went over under the
rule.
additional bath-rooms.
Mr. WOODWARD submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Retolved, That the Committee on Publio Buildings
and Grounds be, and they are hereby, instructed to
