1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2010
difficult and dangerous, and it is not beyond
the limits of reason to charge that, in all the
laudable efforts of Congress to again secure
government to the seceded States, it has been
hampered and almost defeated in its purposes
by the unjust, ungenerous, and vicious opposi-
tion of the rebel element of the South. Vio-
lence, rapine, and bloodshed have been the
watchwords of their clans. The peculiar ob-
jects of their revenge and hatred have been
the few Unionists in their midst and the poor
blacks, who have happily been plucked from
the burning brands of slavery. They clamored
loudly and long for their " rights," not only
on the hustings but at the very portals of the
Federal Capitol, with an air of injured inno-
cence and a spirit of affected purity wholly
inconsistent with their own record and the lib-
eral policy which has been adopted by Con-
gress for the reconstruction of the seceded
States. They are the daughters of the horse-
leech, who cry "Give, give!" and will not be
satisfied. Experience has demonstrated, Mr.
President, that we have been too precipitate
in our generosity. Our motto must now be
Festina lente. We must take warning by the
past, in order that we may no longer err.
In Alabama, Mr. President, the secession
element has been since the close of the rebel-
lion gradually, but no less actively, combining
its forces to wrest that State from the control
of the loyal element and to repossess itself of
its government. These encroachments are in-
sidious and cannot be well appreciated or under-
stood by those who live at the North, whose
ideas are formed by mere theories, and hence
denied the benefit of reasoning from practical
stand-points. This element now boasts openly
that it will soon control the State, and in its
indiscretion already threatensus with the future
terrors of its rule. What these terrors are and
will be, may be understood when attention is
directed to the incidents of the rebellion, the
history of slavery and its attendant barbari-
ties, and the wholesale career of murder and
violence which unhappily pervades the entire
southern country.
The State of Tennessee is to-day a notable
example of what may be expected in other
southern States should they unfortunately be
given over to rebel rule. The misguided action
of Republican leaders has entailed upon that
State a reign of terror utterly unprecedented.
The Governor openly states he is powerless to
enforce the laws, and the Legislative Assembly,
largely composed of rebel sympathizers, turns
a deaf ear to his entreaties for the preservation
ot' order and protection for the lives of the
Union people, white and black. _ The terri-
ble Kuklux organization commits its atrocities
without let or hinderance, and in Tennessee,
a3 well as in Alabama, its power and privi-
lege to outrage and kill seem to be utterly un-
checked.
Considering all these facts, and with the
knowledge that my colleague [Mr. Warner]
must be well informed as to these outrages, and
well understands the dangerous butdetermined
hostility of this element to the Government
and the Unionists of the South, it has been a
matter of surprise to me that he has seen fit
to espouse its cause upon the floor of the Sen-
ate. Participating largely in the debates which
have ensued upon the admission of Virginia
and Mississippi, he has urged, in part justifica-
tion of his course, that the State of Alabama,
having four out of six Republican members
of Congress, given a small majority toward
the election of General Grant, and now con-
trolled by the loyal element, is beyond doubt
and peradventure safe from any future political
changes; and that, therefore, these facts^ are
to be taken as "substantial evidence of the
change of sentiment in the State, and of the
popular judgment upon the questions which
are at issue!"
Now, Mr. President, the very reasons given
by my colleague [ Mr. Yv arxer] are the words
which condemn his argument. No one knows
better than himself the terrible struggle which
took place to secure this election of four mem-
bers of Congress and a small presidential
majority ; that we were fought bitterly and
persistently by this very "popular judgment"
which he says hasbeen so miraculously changed;
that the only sentiment which never changes
is the hostility, arrogance, and vindictiveness
of the enemies of the Republican party in
Alabama; that we hold the State by a slender
thread; that we are being depleted every day
by party defections and hampered by weak-
kneed officials, who, having been elevated to
power by the efforts of the loyal element, are
now overawed by the threats of this very sen-
timent which the honorable Senator says has
" changed."
It is this very " change," Mr. President, that
I am anxious to guard against; this " change"
which inexplicably has come over the spirit of
the dreams of my honorable colleague. I feel
constrained almost to apologize for this&ouZe-
versemeyit, for my honorable colleague was not
always of his present opinions, nor yet so elo-
quent over the virtues and loveliness of this
"sentiment" which he urges we are endeav-
oring to degrade. If theconsentof thedisloyal
governed were alone indispensable in the State
of Alabama, I am satisfied that neither he nor I
would be here to-day, and in this belief I feel
confident he would acquiesce; for this branch
of the governed are those who have no sympathy
with the Union ; while, on the contrary, those
"governing" are the representatives of the very
principles which Congress, by providing funda-
mental conditions, is endeavoring to sustain.
The distinction I draw is plain and obvious.
I favor protection to those now governing the
southern States, the Unionists. My desire is
to strengthen them to maintain aloyal govern-
ment, not to assist the rebellious element to
oust this loyal government, and to invoke if
possible in the Senate, a mischievous senti-
mentality to the injury of the country.
My honorable colleague, in answer to un
inquiry from the honorable Senator from Mis- i
souri, [Mr. Dhake,] stated that South Caro- j
lina was cured of her rebellion ar.d her hos- j
tility to liberty when she adopted a constitution
allowing universal political equality, and when
she was the first State in the Union to put a
colored man upon the supreme bench. Now,
Mr. President, I ask whether my colleague is
prepared to say that this free constitution and
the act of placing a colored man upon the
Supreme bench of South Carolina, arc the
results of any change of sentiment upon the
partofthenullifiers and precipitators; whether
these facts were brought about by contrition
and by a return to their fealty to the Union ;
whether the aristocrats of South Carolina feel
honored by either consummation and arc not
degraded by the "change," and whether they
would not, upon the first opportunity and with-
outfurtherprovocatiou, combine to destroy this
free constitution, drive the colored jurist from
the bench, aud reconstruct the State of South
Carolina upon the most approved basis of pro-
slavery power ? And notwithstanding all these
self-evident propositions, my honorable col-
league, with a zeal worthy of a better cause,
proposes to leave this very element of rebel-
lion free and untrammeled to upturn free con-
stitutions, usurp government, and work its
unholy will upon the loyal people, simply be-
cause, forsooth, it is now dissatisfied aud rest-
ive over the present attitude of Congress.
Take the State of Alabama, for instance.
No sooner had we begun to tinker with and re-
move limitations and the restrictions imposed
by the reconstruction acts, than, mistaking our
clemency for cowardice, our proffered kindness
for a degrading sense of inferiority and acknowl-
edgment of their merits, the secession element
resorted to the dagger and the rope, the lash
and the torch, to frighten Union men from the
polls, with the view of recovering the political
supremacy they had held so long and used so
injuriously to the whole countrv.
"Treason is but trusted liko tho fox,
Who,ne'er so tame, so cherished, and locked up,
Will have a wild trick of his ancestors 1"
When these limitations and restrictions were
removed, the wild tricks of treason were seen
again. When these misguided men imagined
that they saw in the near future their restora-
tion to power, the reign of terror began ; the
stomach was pressed into political service; the
bread-and-meat argument, "Follow my polit-
ical lead or quit my employment!" was the
watchword heralded through their presses,
urged in their speeches, and acted out on their
plantations and in all their business relations.
Every lover of the Union who refused to obey
the behests and follow the lead of these dema-
gogues was the subject of tlieir persecutions
and ostracism. Not only were prominent Union
men thus treated, not only did they then and
do they still carry their lives in their hands
wherever an assassin may skulk, but the ven-
geance of social ostracism was wreaked upon
their innocent families. These preciptators,
whoso hearts are still filled with the gall of
bitterness, constitute themselves a pseudo
aristocracy; and no matter how exalted the
talents, how pure the life, how patriotic the
motive of the Union leader, he and his family
are socially ostracized by these very men in
whose behalf the Senator's bowels of compas-
sion are so strongly moved. No social calls
or courtesies cheer his wife in the weary hours
of his absence. No playmates gather round
his little ones to gladden them by sharing their
childish sports. The finger of scorn has been
and is now pointed at them, and this self-con-
stituted noblesse avoid them, as if loyalty were
a foul leprosy whoso contact was contagion!
Not only this, but these very men have, directly
or indirectly, set in motion and encouraged
and kept alive tho Kuklux organization, a
band of men bound together in bonds of blood
and utterly regardless of human life, when it
is an obstacle to the accomplishment of a
political purpose:
" Treason and murder ever kept together.
As two yoke-devils, sworn to either purpose!"
From almost every county in Alabama the
blood of Union men, assassinated for their
patriotism, calls from the ground, I will not
say for vengeance, but calls on Congress to
pause ere it puts more power into the hands
of those political thugs—
" Who palter in a double sense;
Who keep tho word of promise to our ear,
And break it to our hope."
The recent presidential and other elections,
which the honorable Senator [Mr. Waknek]
by implication asserts must have forced upon
the minds of the citizens of those States a con-
viction of the inevitable necessity of a return
to a loyal submission to the Government, has
not materially checked lawlessness or in any
degree changed the openly advocated princi-
ples and policy of the leaders of the rebellion.
Disorder still prevails, outrages are still com-
mitted, and tho law openly and constantly
defied.
I have before me a "report of the joint
committee of the General Assembly of Ala-
bama on political outrages," detailing the
murders, crimes, cruelties, and wrongs com-
mitted in that State, which I wish was in the
hands of every Senator. As revolting as is
the social picture it exposes, it paints not half
the hideous truth of the state of affairs that
really prevails ; and it shows no solitary case
in which the assassin has been punished, cap-
tured, or scarce even sought for.
The hunted Unionist dares not publicly pros-
ecute these assassins; the large majority of the
dominant party of the white population are
their open sympathizers; officers can.n1°,°
will not arrest them. But it may be sai
I refer to days that are past never return,
of acts of atrocity and fraud committed long
