1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4851
The Clerk read the proposed amendment,
as follows:
But the Secretary of the Treasury ishereby author-
ized to enter intocontracts for the completion ol said
building in advance of the appropriation oi money
sufficient to complete the same.
Mr. DAWB3. I will accept that if the gen-
tleman will add td it -'in accordance with the
conditions in said proviso contained."
Mr. CHULICHII/L. Very well; I will add
that to my amendment. ,
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I see no objec-
tion to the proposition of my colleague, [Mr.
Ciujiuijiill,] and I will say that the_ appre-
hension of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations that there is some intention to
disburse seven or eight million dollars ill the
erection of the building at New York is, I think,
entirely unfounded. Under the plans as pre-
pared and determined it will be impossible to
exceed the §3,000,000 already specified in the
limitation of the act of April 20,1870. Possibly
the amount may reach $3,500,000, but it will not
go beyond that. There is no intention that the,
building shall be elaborately ornamented, or
shall have unnecessary appendages. We do n^t
propose to attempt the establishment of a new
style of architecture or to expend any v ist
amount of money. All we want is a plain,
substantial, commodious, suitable building, in
which can be transacted the businessof our post
office and United States courts, together with
the offices connected therewith. I submit that
$3,000,000 for a buildiug of this sort in a city
like New York, the metropolis of the nation,
where we collect two thirds of all the revenue
of the country, is a small appropriation for such
a purpose. I am quite willing, therefore, to
assent to the amendment of my colleague, so
that the work may go on under the limitation
of $3,000,000, as prescribed in the act of April
20, 1870. . „ , T
Mr. DAWES. Then we are all satisfied. I
hope the amendment will be adopted in that
form.
' Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My propo-
sition is to insert after the word " conditions"
the words "in amount only."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does tliegentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] accept that
as a modification?
Mr. DAWES. Idonot. If theamendment
of my colleague [Mr. Butler] be adopted, the
result will be to do away with all those condi-
tions in the law requiring a coutractto bo made
for the whole building according to plans made
in advance, and requiring the contracts to be
given to the lowest responsible bidder. The
amendment of my colleague would have this
effect: that the limitation would apply only to
the amount, so that the building might be car-
ried on upon any plan, however extravagant;
and when the amount limited had been ex-
pended we would simply have to make an addi-
tional appropriation. I do not think my col-
league wants any such result. The limitation
of the existing law will not be effectual unless
we continue in force the provision requiring
that the plans and contracts shall be settled at
the outset. This is my objection to the propo-
sition of my colleague. I do not think he wants
to swell the amount-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By no
means.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to the amendment of tliegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] as now modified on
the suggestion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Ciicuchill.] But the proposition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butlbk] would have the effect to revive some
fraudulent contracts formerly in existence,
which the Secretary, on examination, put an
end to. We do not want to revive by any
legislation those fraudulent contracts.
Mr. CHURCHILL- I suggest that m the
words added to my amendment by the chair-
man of the committee ihe word "proviso ' be
changed to "act."
The CHAIRMAN. That change will be
made, if there be no objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
care to press my amendment.' I withdraw it.
The amendment of Mr. Dawes, as modified,
was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the same proviso
be attached to the paragraph embraced m lines
two hundred and fifty and two hundred and
fifty-two, and also to the paragraph relating to
the Boston post office.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. BIRD. I move to insert between lines
two' hundred and sixty-three and two hundred
and sixty-four the following:
For constructing a suitable building, fire-proof, at
Trenton, Now Jersey, lor the accommodation of the
post ofiice. United States circuit and district courts,
pension and internal revenue offices, SIOD.OOU; to bo
expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, who shall cause proper plans and estima tes
to be made, so that no expenditure shall be made or
authorized lor the full completion oi said building
beyond the amount herein appropriated: Provided,
That no money hereby appropriated shall bo used
or applied for that purpose until a valid title to the
i.iii'l tor the site of such building shall be vested in
tile Ij uitcd States, a.nd until the State-shall also duly
release and relinquish to theUDited States the right
to tax or in any way assess said site, or the property
of the United States that may bo thereon during tho
time that the Cnited States shall be or remain the
owner thereof.
Mr KELSEY. There is no law in exist-
ence for this work, and 1 therefore make the
point that it is not in order to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For repairs and preservation of tho court-house in
Savannah, Georgia, SjlU.OUO.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike that out,
as it has already been provided for in another
place.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. (JOBURN. I move to add the follow-
ing after line two hundred and sixty-five:
For repairs and an addition to the post office and
court-housc at Indianapolis, Indiana, £-J),000.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is obliged to
sustain the point of order.
Mr. COBURN. We have been making ap-
propriations for repairs all day. My amend-
ment provides for lepairs. What different
authority is there for the appropriation for
repairs in this bill?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman's amendment
is not in order, under the rule of the House.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to have the rule
read. This is for repairs and addition. The
paragraph before this provides for repairs and
alterations to the court-house at Philadelphia.
The CHA1RMAN. The Clerk will read the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows :
'"No appropriation shall be reported in such gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be m order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless m continuations oi appro-
priations for such public works and objects as are
already in progress, and for the contingencies lor
carrj mg on the several departments oi tho Govern-
ment.''
Mr. COBURN. I desire to inquire whether
all the appropriations for repairs in this bill
are out of order ? We have already voted some
twenty of them.
Mr. DAWES. The difference between them
and the one the gentleman offers is this: that
they were relieved from the operation of the
point of order under a suspension of the rules,
while the gentleman's amendment was not.
Mr. COBURN. This was authorized by law
many years ago. It stands on the same princi-
ple preeiselv as the rest which have been voted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows :
For continuing the worlc on the post officc and
sub-Treasury building in Boston, Massachusetts,
§250,000, subject to all the conditions hunting tins
appropriation in the act of April20, 18i0.
Mr. WELLS. I move to strike out the para-
graph just read. Now, Mr. Chairman, Massa-
chusetts has already received $1,800,000 in the
way of appropriations for public buildings,
while Missouri has received buta few thousands.
Here is an appropriation of $250,000 for the
court-house at Boston, reported from the Com-
mittee 011 Appropriations, after the same com-
mittee has refused to report a small appropria-
tion for the purpose of erecting a building in the
city of St. Louis for a post office and court-house,
which has been requested by the Chamber of
Commerce and by the Board of Trade of that
city, and recommended by the Treasury De-
partment. While we arc refused the smallest
pittance to replace an unsuitable building by
one absolutely necessary to meet tho wants of
our people, we have appropriation after appro-
priation reported by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] in
favor of the construction of buildings in Bos-
ton, in his own State. Here is an appropria-
tion of $250,000 for the Boston post olliee, a
structure which it will cost S2,500,OOOto erect.
Is it just, is it right, that the people of the
western country should forever and at all times
pay tribute to New England and the influences
which control this Congress? 1 move to strike
it out, for there is just as much reason for their
waiting, indeed, there is more reason why they
should wait than the people of St. Louis, for
they have had veiy much whiie we have had
very little. If we are to be "hewers of wood
and drawers of water" for New England, it is
time that the western people knew it.
I represent in part the commercial city of
St. Louis on this floor. I have not occupied
much of the time of the House since I have
had the honor of being a member. I have pre-
ferred rather to sit and listen to others who had
more experience. But I feel it necessary to
rise in my place and demand the attention of
the House to this matter, which is one of im-
portance to the people 1 represent and to the
interests of the whole country. What we ask
is for the purpose of facilitating commerce and
trade in our city ; and we are cut off by rules
of the House which have not been carried out
heretofore. As I stated when on the floor a
few minutes ago, nine tenths of all the public
buildings in this country have been erected by
moving amendments to appropriation bills.
Last year, when the miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill was before the House, appropriations
were inserted in that way for a building in
Omaha, Nebraska, and also for a building in
Columbia, South Carolina. If I am not mis-
taken, the oiiginal appropriation fortlie build-
ings in New York and Boston -was made by
amendment to tho bill after being reported by
the committee. I am, by the ruling of the
Chair, prevented from movinga similar amend-
ment in behalf of St. Louis, and she is denied
a few thousand dollars, while the New York
post office and court house will absorb three
or four million dollars of the people's money.
And I am not willing to sit here and vote away
the people's money in that way, when the peo-
ple whom 1 represent cannot get attention from
the party which controls legislation here.
While, Mr. Chairman, I yield to the decision,
I am not content to suffer from the injustice of
the committee. A bill for the construction of a
new custom-house and other necessary public
buildings in St. Louis was introduced by me
early iii March, 1800, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. They have refused
to report it back, and now estop me by a rule
of the House, deferring action for another
year, but at the same time carefully providing
for other but not as absolutely necessary public
buildings. _ T-~
I desire lo call the attention of the liouse
to the condition and character of the building
now used in St. Louis for the accommodation
of the civil officers and archives of the Govern-
ment. The present custom-house was built
upward of twenty years ago, when the popula-
tion of St. Louis amounted to not exceeding
