4852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jane 25,
seventy thousand inhabitants, and since that
time her population has increased to nearly
three hundred thousand; and instead of a front-
ier town she is now the commercial emporura
of the West, from whence a dozen States and
Territories draw their supplies, and terminus
of ten different railroads, and the radiating
point for the commerce? transacted on sixteen
thousand miles of navigable rivers. However
adequate to her wants at the period of their
construction, her public buildings are now
neither of a fitting character or sufficiently
capacious for the use of the Government.
By referring to the report of the supervising
architect, Mr. A. B. Mullet, (Mis. Doc. No.
25.) you will observe that the building is both
unsafe, unsuitable, and utterly inadequate to
accommodate the Government offices. He rec-
ommends the erection of a sufficiently capacious
building. I will ask to have that report read
with the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department, March 2% 18G9.
Slit: I have the honor to acknowledge the reccipt
of the followingresolution of the House of Represent-
atives, dated March 17,1869, namely:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo,
and he is hereby, direoted to communicate to this
House the present condition of the custom-houso at
St. Louis, Missouri, and to state whether it is prac-
ticable to enlargeitto accommodate thebusiness of
that i>ort, and if so, the probable cost, together with
his opinion as to the propriety or expediency of dis-
posing of the present building and site and purchas-
ing another site and erceting; aneiv building for the
iiccommodation of the custom-house, post offico,
United Statescourts.andmternalrevenue and other
othcers in that city."
X inclose herewith a communication from the su-
pervising architect of this Department, which is
intended to answer fully the resolution referred to.
Very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOimVELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of House of Representatives.
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect,
March 20, I860.
Sir : In accordance with your instructions I have
carefully examined the various questions connected
with tile resolution of tbellouse of Representatives
of the 17th instant, in regard to the custom-house at
St. Louis, Missouri, and have the honor to report
that the building referred to is one of the most incon-
venient and unsuitable for Government uses of any
now in possession of this Department. The defects
are radical, and no expenditure of money would ever
make it suitable ; neither can it be enlarged, the en-
tire lot being occupied, save a narrow alley on one
side, which is even now entirely insufficient to light
that side of the building. The rooms are. as a con-
sequence, almost it not entirely worthless. lhe build-
ing has been modified and rearranged several times,
and it is not believed that any changes which could
be made would improve it or relieve its present
crowded condition. The office ot the Assistant .treas-
urer is in the basement, which is dark, damp, and
in every way unsuitable for the purpose for which it
is used: it is, in fact, little better than a cellar, ilie
Stamp andmoney-orderdepartmeat of thepostothce
isin the same story, the remainder of which, together
with the collar,is occupied for the storage of spirits
and other inflammablesubstances, so that the buila-
inc and its contents is constantly exposed to immi-
nent danger. Though the building is nominally (hu-
nroot 't is in reality of a highly combustible nature,
the whole of the partitions above the basement story
being of lath and plaster, and the root ot timber
covered with tin, while the main stairway afiorus
ample facilities for the communication offiro between
the different stories. . .
The buildiBS is at present occupied by the Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States, post ofiice, cus-
toms deportm cut, pension ascent. United States courts
and officer? of the judiciary, the supervisor of inter-
nal revenue, and the land oflioe. ihc l eeords ol the
l mii office }ii e also stored m the upper story. It is
vo -y desirable that the officers of internal, revenue
in Sr. Louis, with the valuable records ot their ouces
should be provided for m a hrc-proof structure, but
it has been found impracticable to ilo so in the
■row,?ed condition of the present building.
T believe that it a suitable site could be obtained,
eilher bv donation or at a low pviee, that the mtei"-
e'ts of the Government would be best subserved by
selling the present property, which is valuable tor
couHliereiat purposes, and would roanze, m my opin-
ion, upward, of $250,000, aud erceting a building with
tu.tablo and proper accommodations tor nil oi the
civil officers of the Government in that city, and one
that would provide the necessary security tor tlio
valuable documents and the lai'ge amount oi iUims
constantly being deposited therein, which is not the
case with the present structure.
Very respectfully, A. Jl>. .All) Lb Li,
Sup'-rois ing A rch ttect.
Hon. George S. boutwell, Secretary of (he Treasury.
Mr. WELLS. And to sustaiu the recom-
mendation of Mr. Mullet, I ask attention to
the following summary of the Government
business transacted in St. Louis in 1869. The
receipts at the custom-house amounted to up-
ward of $1,800,000; receipts from post office,
$220,000; internal revenue, upward of $4,000,-
000; receipts and disbursements of the sub-
Treasury upward of $50,000,000.
This increased business and the largely
increased number of Government offices has
so entirely outgrown the use of the building
that it now becomes, not a favor to St. Louis,
but a necessity on the part of the Government
to provide a building to accommodate the pres-
ent and largely increased business.
That this may be correctly understood I call
the attention of the House to the action of the
Union Merchant Exchange, Board of Trade,
indorsed by the mayor j the action of the Uni-
ted States district court; and a letterfrom Gen-
eral A. J. Smith, postmaster at St. Louis,
which has been referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
To this I can add my own personal knowl-
edge and the universal request of the people
of the city of St. Louis. As my time is limited
to live minutes, I will not occupy your atten-
tion in giving a detailed description of this
building, as it has been fully set forth in the
report of Mr. Mullet and the communications
which I will ask to print with my remarks.
I ask that Congress will be equally just and
liberal to St. Louis as she has been to other
great commercial cities. The usual reasons
will be urged, Mr. Speaker, why this appro-
priation should not be made, and that the
Government has no money. My answer is
that neither the Government or an individual
saves money by neglecting a necessary or use-
ful work. Your appropriation bills are full
answers to all such sophistries. When it is
conceded that the building should be erected
the economy is in the construction. You
either have to pay enormous rents for outside
and suitable buildings, or the Government, as
has been the practice, must erect them itself.
If the reasoning be good, then, goto work and
strike out the millions appropriated for similar
work in other places.
Post Office, St. Lotus, Missouri,
Man 2i, 1870.
Dear Sir: In reply to your inquiries in relation
to the capacity of this building1, or that portion occu-
pied as the post office, I have to state that, it is now
inadequate m capacity for the business to be trans-
acted in the post-ollico department.
The building1 was erected as a custom-house in
1849, and the second floor assigned to the post-office
department, which might have been considered am-
ply sufficient in point of space at that data, but now
is insufficient, inasmuch as the money-order and
registered-letter offices are on the same floor and
occupy at least one fourth of tlio space heretofore
appropriated to the office proper.
Theflooroeoupied as the posfcofiice fronts on Third
street, twelve steps in elevation above the street,
and about one third of the superficial feet of this
floor U consumed by or dedicated to the vestibule,
leaving but a contracted space for the constantly
increasing business oi this office.
The building is iocatcd on the southeast corncr of
Third nod Olive streets, without an entry on either
stiect for the numerous mails that are received and
depart dail3T. The entrance for the reception and :
departure of all mails is through a narrow" alley on
the east side of the building, where the letter mail
is received and delivered through a window five by
nine leer, in the basement, and raised by a hand
elevator to the distributing floor. The paper room
is in the basement, partly under ground, where all
business is transacted by gas-light.
i do thuik that the city of St. Louis, with a popu-
lation, of two hundred and seventy-five thousand
inhabitant?, is entitled to a post ollice at least equal
to small towns that were not m existence some thirty
yeatN ago.
I inclose you a map or diagram of the post office
floor.
Very respectfully, A. J. SMITH,
•.r r-, _Tr Postmaster.
lion. E. \y ells.
Uxiox Merchants' Exchange,
St. Louis, May 21,1S70.
To thn honorable, the Uongrew of the United States:
lour petitioners would respectfully represent that j
the building used at present as a custom-house, post i
office, mid sub-Treasury at St. Louis is entirely in- ;
i.dequate to the wants of the Government and the j
accommodation of our citizens. It was built some i
twentyyearssince, when SLLouiswuscQmparatively i
a small city; and whileitwas adapted at that time to
the business transacted, it is now too contracted for
the increased business of the Government. Your
petitioners would farther represent that the Govern-
ment is now paying annually, for thereat of a build-
ing for the use of the assessor and collector of internal
revenue and for the headquarters of this military de-
partment, an amount which we believe would be suf-
ficient to pay the interest on the cost of a building
suited to the wants of all the departments. We fur-
ther believe that the city of St. Louis, with a popu-
lation nearly three hundred thousand, is entitled to
a building which will be adapted to the business wants
of the people, and at the same time be an ornament
to our city and a credit to the (government. Your
petitioners Would, therefore, respectfully ask for an
appropriationsufficientto erect a building to be used
as a post office, custom-house, and sub-Treasury, and
for the offices of the department of internal reve-
nue, and the judges and officers of the United States
courts.
And your petitioners will ever pray.
For the Union Merchants' Exchange of St.Louis:
[l. S.] W. I. LEWIS, President.
. GEO. H. MORGAN, Secretary.
Action of the United States District Court at St, Louis
in regard to the court-room.
Yesterday the United States circuit court passed
the following order in regard to the court-room ac-
commodations. As if to add cogency to the com-
plaint, while Judge Treat was reading the order, the
noise in the alley was so loud that he was compelled
to stop for a mmuteor so.
It is ordered that the clerk of this court, under
the seal thereof, certify to the President of the Uni-
ted States, so that he may take such action thereon,
or makesuch recommendations withrespectthereto,
as to him may seem advisable, the following facts
connected with the administration of thelawsof the
United States by the United States circuit court for
the district of Missouri. The court-room is so small
that the members of the bar in attendence and the
jurors cannot be accommodated with seats inside of
the bar, and outside of the bar there is not room for
witnesses and suitors,.
Hence jurors, witnesses, ^nd suitors are necessarily
crowded into a space insufficient for their accommo-
dation, where the remarks made by them respect-
ively are overheard, and they are so intermingled
that on the calling of cases for trial it frequently
occurs that the jurors become disqualified without
any design on their part to hoar in advance anything
pertaining thereto, and the due administration of
the law is thus embarrassed and obstructed.
The courl-room is so constructed by the insertion
of columns through it, on which the safety of the
building depends, that it is impossible for the judges,
jurors, counsel, and witnesses to see each other at
the same time, and consequently lor the judges to
exercise that supervision over proceedings which
they ought always to maintain.
There are no conveniences for jurors in their
deliberations, wheroby they can be kept together
when tlio law requires, without a disregard of their
comfort, health, and ncc-essiti.es.
The court-room is so situated with reference to
adjacent streets, alleys, and buildings that the noise
therefrom renders it impracticable, a large portion
of the time, to hoar what is uttered by the judges,
counscl, or witnesses. On the north is a busy thor-
oughfare; on the east and immediately under the
windows of the court-room is a roughly-paved alley,
through which drays and wagons are constantly pass-
ing to the warehouses situated thereon, and where
they ore being loaded and unloaded, and where also
the iron-bound mail boxes are being hurled to tho
pavement; and on tho south, sa^ twelye feet, is a
printing press generally in operation, together with
themany attendant noises from the particular occu-
pation of that neighboring building. No inconsider-
able portion of the time devoted to the trial ot causes
is thereby lost, as the court is compelled to suspend
business and wait for the chance intervals of time in
which judges, jurors, counsel, andwitnesses are able
to hear each other.
There arc no proper provisions for light, heat, or
ventilation, and the offices connected with the court
are inadequate and unfit for their intended uses.
The large amount of business in the United States
courts here requires for prompt and proper dispatch
such accommodations as will enable their officers to
proceed therewith as the due administration of tho
law demands, without embarrassment or obstruction.
Memorial from the Mayor and Board of Trade of the
city of St. Louis, Missouri.
To the honorable Senate and
Bonne of Jie))resenlatives of the United States:
At a meeting of the Board of Trade.it its last meet-
ing, the underM<rned citizens were appointed a com-
mittee to memorialize your honorable body m rela-
tion to the present post office building of this city, -
which said building also includes the United States
custom-house, court-rooms, pension office, and sub-
Treasury, and is wholly unsuitable for the business
pertaining to the saiu offices, a,nd therefore your pe-
titioners pray that necessary appropriations beniado
from the public iunds of the United States for the
erection of a new building niore suited to tho great
and growing wants of our city. That the present
building is wholly inadequate to the present wants
of our community and the demands of the public
servicc is apparent to all who are conversant with
the facts of the case. The rooms assigned to thepost
office are cramped and limited in the extreme. The
custom-house and United States court, in the upper
stories of tho building, are unsuitable ?qQi sraiaay
