2904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
proTideforthe erection offour additional bath-rooms
on the opposite side of tho roam now ocoupied as a
bath-room under thisllall. andthatsaid rooms when
erected, furnished, and ready for use be reserved
rxclusively lor members and clerks of the House of
Representatives. 1
Ou seconding the previous question there
■were, on a division—ayes 72, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
CO, noes 53.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
revenue detectives.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer under this call the following reso-
lution :
AVWW, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to report to this House the names and resi-
dences of informers or detectives under the internal
revenue laws, and th<> amount of money paid to each
of tliem during tho first quarter of the fiscal year
oflSTt).
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
ROBERT K. BNBODY.
Mr. COY ODE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1882) for the relief
of Robert Iv. Enbody; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF WAR OF lS12r~
Mr. CESSNA submitted the following reso-
lution; upon which he moved the previous
question:
Httolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812 be requested to report a bill
providing pensions for nil the surviving officers and
soldier* of the war of 1812.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table. • ■
The latter motion was agreed to.
war department employes.
Mr. STILES. I offer the following resolu-
tion ; upon which I demand the previous ques-
tion :
Ilegolved, That the Secretary of War bo requested
to furnish this House as soon as practicable with a
tabular exhibit of the name, rank, and brevet rank
of each officer of tho Army now on duty in the city
of Washington, showing the office or bureau in which
they are employed,and statin? specifically thodnties
in whieh they are Tespectivelyengaged.themonthly
compensation of each, as paid by any officer of the
pay department, tho quartermaster's department,
the subsistence department, or by any other officer
of the military or civil service of the Government;
also with a tabular exhibit of the name, nominal
occupation, specifio employment, and presen; .lom-
Sensation of all other pereonq employed in the War
lepartmcnt and in each of its bureaus, specifying
the law by which their employment is authorized;
and if any are employed without authority of law,
by what authority and bow long they have been so
employed; and by what authority or upon what
principle their rate of compensation has been fixed,
and out of what appropriation they have been paid.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question; and there were—ayes 42,
noes 73.
Mr. STILES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stiles and
Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 52, noes 68.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. CuLLOM. Ir'i3eto debate the reso-
lution.
Debate arising thereon, the resolution went
over.
ABSENTEES.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and it is the duty of the Sergeant-at-
Arms to present at the bar of the House the
members who were absent without excuse from
the session of Friday night.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer a resolution upon
that subject, upon which I move the previous j
question. _ |
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Iietolvtd, That each of tho absentoes on tho call
of Friday last who has not yet been excused be fined
ten dollars, excepting any one of them who may
believe he has a good excuse whichhe desires to
present to tho House for its consideration; and that
except for the purpose of hearingsuch excuses offered
in particular oases all further proceedings under tho
call bo dispensed with.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I desire to offer a
substitute for the resolution.
Mr. COX. Is the resolution divisible? I
want a vote on the latter part of the resolu-
tion, dispensing with all proceedings under the
call.
The SPEAKER. Theresolution is divisible.
Mr. COX. Then I call for a division.
The SPEAKER. On what part of the res-
olution does the gentleman wish a separate
vote?
Mr. COX. On the proposition that all pro-
ceedings uuder the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. It is not divisible in that
way.
Sir. STRICKLAND. I desire to offer a sub-
stitute for the resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield for that. I
called the previous question to save time.
The SPEAKER, if tho House shall not sus-
tain the previous question a substitute can be
offered.
The previous question was seeonded—ayes
109, noes 22.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I make the point of order
that gentlemen who have not been excused
have no right to vote.
The SPEAKER. There is no record of their
voting.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It can be easily ascer-
tained.
The SPEAKER. How? The yeas and nays
have not been called.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. They are in the custody
of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrnleB the
point of order. He has no knowledge whatever
of any such thing being done.
The main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Any member, under the
order just made, who desires to offer an excuse
for his absencc on Friday night will now be
heard.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to offer an ex-
cuse for my neighbor here, [Mr. Ferry,] of
Michigan. It is within my own knowledge, and
within the knowledge of those of us who sit
: near him, that his health is such that he ought
not to be here in the evening, nor much of the
time in the day-time. I therefore ask that he
be excused.
j The motion was agreed to.
i Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
! vote by which Mr. Ferry was excused^ and
I also moved that the motion to reconsider be
i laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I believe my colleague
[Mr. Reeves] is included among the list of
absentees. I think he left on Friday with the
understanding that he had been granted leave
of &bs6nc6« **
The SPE AKER. The Journal Clerk reports
to the Chair that the leave of absence granted
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Reeves]
was for four days from to-day.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Would it be in
prder to ask that the names be read of those
absentees who have not been excused ?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask then that
the names be read.
Cries.of "Oh, no!" "Oh, no!"
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Very well; I
will withdraw the call for the reading.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 renew the call.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it the right of any
member to call for the reading of the list of
absentees who have not been excused ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will so rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Can a member call
for the reading of a paper the subject of which
is not before the House?
The SPEAKER. Upon further reflection
the Chair will sustain the point of order. The
House has disposed of the subject, except in
the case of those gentlemen who desire to pre-
sent excuses for being absent.
Mr. SCHENCK. If there be no one de-
siring to be heard in excuse under the order
of the House just now, I will move to suspend
the rules and go into Committee of the Whole
on the special order.
Mr. DAWES. Before the gentleman makes
that motion, I desire to ask the action of the
House upon a joint resolution.
Mr. FITCH. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. FITCH. When the House adjourned
on Monday last there was pending a resolution
offered by myself which should come up now
as unfinished business immediately after the
expiration of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman will state it.
Mr. LYNCH. Would it be in order to move
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
be excused on account of his absence on Thurs-
day upon his pleasure excursion, and that the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, be excused for his non-attendance on
Thursday evening last, when the House was
obliged to adjourn on account of the absence
of members? If so, then I will make that
motion.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Maine
[Mr, Lykch] has any criticism to make upon
my course let him present it here promptly in
the House, and I will respond to it.
Mr. LYNCH. I was only asking if it would
be proper and parliamentary to ask that the
gentleman be excused for non-attendance on
Thursday evening last, when an appropriation
bill was under consideration, and the House
was obliged to adjourn on account of the ab-
sence of members.
Mr. FITCH. Is not my resolution the first
business in order?
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
after the expiration of the morning hour to-day
is the consideration of the resolution of the
gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] to sus-
pend the rules, pending at the adjournment on
Monday last.
Mr. KNOTT. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman will
gtate it.
Mr. KNOTT. Is it in order now to offer
excuses for being absent on Friday last?
The SPEAKER. Thatis in order; and the
Chair, after making the announcement to the
House, waited until a considerable time had
elapsed before entertaining any other question.
Mr. KNOTT. Several gentleman, myself
among the number, desire to get the floor for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER. That will be in order.
Mr. KNOTT. I desire to say, Mr. Speaker,
that from the beginning of the present session
of Congress until the House took a recess on
last Friday afternoon I had not, to my recol-
lection, been absent from my seat a solitary
hour during the sitting of the House. Every
day and every night when there was business
