8908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
hold by a justice of the supreme court of the District
of Columbia; and in such case the appeal snail be
tried on the information filed in the court below, cer-
tified to said criminal court by a jury in attendance
thereat, as though the case had originated therein.
Sec.'4. And be it further enacted, That said police
court shall hold a term on the first Monday of every
month, and continue thesamefrom day today as long
%s may be necessary for the transaction of its busi-
ness. Said court may beheld by either of said judges.
Each judge shall have power to issue process for the
arrest of persons against whom information may be
filed or complaint be made to compel the attendance
of witnesses; and said court may enforce any of its
judgments or sentences by fine or imprisonment, or
by both. In cases arising out of violations of any of
tho ordinances of eitherof said cities or of thelaws of
said levy court, such process shall be directed to the
chief of the Metropolitan police of the District of
Columbia, who shall execute the same and make re-
turn thereof m like manner as jn other cases; but in
eases now cognizable in the said criminal court the
process shaii be directed to the marshal of said Dis-
trict, except in caso of emergency, when it may be
directed to said chicf of the Metropolitan policc;
and for his services the marshal shall receive the
same fees prescribed for like services in said criminal
court, to be paid as provided lor in section fourteen
of this act. Such process shall be under tho seal of
said policc court, and shall bear teste in the name of
either of said judges, and be signed by the clerk.
Sjsc. 5. And be it Jurther enacted, That said police
court shall have power to punish contempts, and to
issue all process necessary for the exercise of its
jurisdiction, and shall have a seal. Bat said court
shall not have power to naturalize foreigners.
Sec. ft. And be it further enacted, That said policc
court may appoint one or more bailiffs, who shall
receive for their services three dollars cach lor every
day's attendance upon said court, to be paid as pro-
vided lor in section fourteen of this act, upon cer-
tificate of said servico by a judge of said court.
Sue. A ad be it further enacted, That there shall
be no fee charged for any service bytheclerk of said
police court. The witnesses shall receive the same
lees as arc allowed for similar service and attend-
ance in the criminal court, and bo paid by the Ioc;il
jurisdiction in which the offense shall be committed.
Sue* 8. And be itJurther enacted, That in all appeals
from said police court tho party applying for tho
appeal shall onter into recognizance with sufficient
surety, to bo approved by one of said judges, lor his
appearance at tho crimiua-1 court then in session, or
at tho next term thereof, if said criminal court bo
not then in session, there to prosecute said appeal,
and to abide by tho judgment of said criminal court.
Said rccognizaxico so approved and tho information
bhall bo immediately transmitted to the clerk of the
supremo court of tno District of Columbia. Upon
such recognizance being given, all further proceed-
ings in said police court shall bo stayed, and tho
judgment in said criminal court shall bo final in tho
case.
Sisc. 0. !And be it fuither enacted. That tho bailiffs
of said court may act as deputies lor tho marshal of
said District of Columbia lor the servico of process
issued by said court.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That said polico
court shall be provided with a suitablo place for the
holding of its sessions at the expense of the District
of Columbia, to be apportioned as provided for in
section fourteen of this act. Said court shall have
power to do all acts which may bo necessary to the
cxorcise of its jurisdiction hereby conferred,
SJ2C. 11.. And be it further enacted, That upon the
failure of any party appealing from tho judgmont of
said polico court to tho criminal court to enter into
recognizance, as provided for in section eight, ho
.shall be committed to jail toawait his trial upon his
appeal, and said trial shall bo had in said criminal
court as though said recognizance had been entered
into. In every case of appeal the court below shall
send up tho information lilodin tho cause and a copy
of tho record of all tho proceedings duly certified to
the criminal court.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That each of Ihe
judges of said police court shall have power to take
the acknowledgment of deeds, to administer oaths
and affirmations to public officers, and to certify to
the sufficiency of sureties in official bonds, and of
guarantors of contracts with the various Depart-
ments and bureaus of the Government; but no feo
shall be charged for such service.
Sec. 33. And be it jurther enacted, That said police
court shall have power to make such rules and regu-
lations as may be deemed necessary and proper lor
conductingbusinesstherein. Contemptsmay bepun-
jshed by fine and imprisonment, or by either; but the
fine shall in no case exceed twenty dollars, nor the
imprisonment be for a longer time than forty-eight
hours.
Sec. 14. And beit farther enacted, That the salaries
of said judges and clerk of the said polico court, the
compensation of said deputy clerks and bailiffs, and
the fees of the marshal of said District, shall be paid
quarterly, by tho proper authorities of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown and the levy court of
the county of Washington: eighty per ccnt. thereof
to be paid by the city of Washington, twelve per
cent, by the city of Georgetown, and eight per cent,
by tho levy court aforesaid.
Sec. lo. And be it further enacted, That all fines,
penalties, costs, and forfeitures imposed or taxed,
by said police court shall be collected by tho marshal
aforesaid or by the chief of the Metropolitan police,
as the case may be, on process ordered by said police
court, and by him paid over to the proper authori-
ties of said cities and levy court in the same propor-
tion as aforesaid. But the fines, penalties, costs, and
forfeitures arising from the violation of the ordin-
ances of said cities and the acts of the levy court
shall be paid, to tho proper authorities of said juris-
dictions,-respectively, wherein the violation was com-
mitted.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted. That it shall bo
tho duty of the attorneys of said cities and of said
levy court or their assistants to attend to tho prose-
cution in said police court of all offerees arising from
violationsof any of the ordinances ofsaid cities or of
the acts ofsaid levy court, respectively; and for their
services they shall be paid by their respective author-
ities; and it shall be the duty of said cities and of
said levy court to levy and collect yearly-such taxes
as may bo necessary to defray the expenses incurred
under this act.
Sec. 17. And be it further enactedt That it shall be
the duty of the United States attorney for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, in person or by one or more of his
assistants or deputies, to attend to the prosecution
in said police court of such offenses as have hereto-
fore been cognizable in said criminal court, for which
servico he shall he paid the same fees as are now
allowed for such servicein said criminal court, under
the first seetionof thcact of Congress approved Feb-
ruary 26,1853. Hereafter it shall not bo lawful for
the Attorney General of the United States to allow
any compensation to the United States attorney for
the said District of Columbia for any permanent
assistant or deputy; nor shall said attorney of the
United States for said District be allowed any sum
by the Secretary of tho Interior or Attorney General
for his office expenses, clerk hire, fuel, stationery,
or other incidental expenses; but said attorney for
said District shall hereafter pay any assistant or
assistants deputy or deputies employed by him, and
also his clerk hire, office rent, fuel, stationery, print-
ing, and other incidental expenses out of the fees of
his office, taxed and allowed under the.provisions of
said first section of said act of February 26, 1853,
which fees shall bo paid to him quarterly at the
Treasury of the United States, on the 1st days of
January, April. July, and October in each year, upon
a return in writing made to the Secretary of the
Treasury in such form as ho shall prescribe, embrac-
ing all the fees and emoluments of his office under
tho oath of .said nttornoyfor said District and the
certificate of a judge of or justice of thecourt where-
in tho services may have been rendered, that the
services ior which said fees aro charged have been
performed; and so much of tho third section ofsaid
act approved February 26,1853, as i elates to the com-
pensation of United States district attorneys, and
tho allowance of their office expenses, clerk hire, or
other incidental expemses, shall not hereaUer apply
to said attorney for said District of Columbia: Pro-
vided, That tho personal compensation of said dis-
trict attorney shall not cxcced £6,000 per annum.
Sec. IB. And be it fiuther enacted, That the said
attorney of the United States for tho District of
Columbia, and every assistant or depury by him duly
appointed, shall be, and is hereby, authorized and
empowered to administer oaths and affirmations to
witnesses in criminal cases; and it any person to
whom such oath or affirmation may be administered
as aforesaid, shall willfully, absolutely, and falsely
swear or affirm touching any matter or thing mate-
rial to tho point m question, whereso he or she shall
be examined by said attorney, assistant or deputy,
ho or she shall bo deemed guilty of perjury and of
felony; and upon conviction thereof shall be sen-
tenced to suffer imprisonment and labor in the pen-
itentiary, for the first offense, for a period not loss
than two or more than ten j ears; and for the second
offense, for not less than fivo or more than fifteen
years.
Skc. 19. And be it further enacted, That no justico
of the peace in said District of Columbia shall here-
after cxorcise any jurisdiction over crimes and of-
fenses committed in said District either for examin-
ation to commit or hold to bail, or ior final judg-
ment ; cxccpt that any justice of the p6ace may, on
complaint or actual view, issuo warrants against
persons accused of such offenses, which shall be re-
turnable to the said police court or a judge thereof,
and ho bhall make a record of his proceedings in
every case, in a book to be kept for that purpose.
Sko. 20. And be it further enacted. That either of
the judges of said polico court may examine and
commit, or hold to bail in all offenses, whether cog-
nizable in said polico court or in tho criminaL court
ofsaid District.
Sko. 21. And be it further enacted, That hereafter
the marshal of the District of Columbia, in ail civil
cases, may demand and receive payment of his fees
before serving any process therein, oxcept in cases
in which the United States may be a party or oX fieri
facias, or where the court or any justice thereof may
order suit to be instituted, without prepayment of
costs.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall go into operation within thirty days after its
approval by the President; and all acts and parts of
acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed. But the provisions of this act shall
in no wise affect tho proceedings in any case pending
in the said criminal court of the District of Columbia
at the time when this act shall take effect; but the
same may be prosecuted to final judgment and exe-
cution the same as if this act had not been passed.
Mr. BAYARD. I would ask the honorable
Senator from Maine whether he thinks he has
full authority for deeming a larceny not to be
an infamous crime ? A larceny is a felony at
common law; and it is an infamous crime, and
as such, within the Constitution of the United
States, cannot be proceeded against m the man-
ner this bill provides. Article five of the
amendments to the Constitution provides that;
"No person shall be held to answer for a capital,
orotherwiseinfamouscrime.unlessona presentment
or indictment of a grand jury."
The jurisdiction here given to this police
court is to try these cases without the inter-
vention of a jury, and the bill declares that the-
prosecution shall be by information without
indictment. I submit that there is a certain
care over personal liberty designed by the-
Constitution of the United States which is in-
vaded by this provision. It is well enough to
apply this bill to "simple assaults and bat-
teries but there is a statutory offense of bat-
teries committed with an intent to commit fel-
onies, such as the intent to commit murder or-
assaults against the chastity of women, which
makes these crimes, in the ordinary .statutes
of the States, felonies. I suppose the word
u simple" here used would exclude all crimes-
of that character, but 1 suggest now that ins
line eight of the first section the word 1 i larceny: r
should be stricken out. Larceny is felony, and
I certainly consider a felony "an infamous
crime." X think that this provision is a vio-
lation of the fifteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the practice which
has obtained here since we have been a Gov-
ernment is a suffieientanswer to the suggestion
which the Senator makes. The word "sim-
ple," as used in the bill, applies to larcenies
as well as to assaults and batteries, and the
question arises what are simple larcenies? As
1 understand it, the administration of the crim-
inal law has been here in all cases, where the
value of the article stolen is less than thirty-
live dollars, to try the offender by the supreme
court without indictment.
Mr. BAYARD. Nevertheless, they would
be within the category known to legal defini-
tion as larcenies, which are felonies.
Mr. HAMLIN. They have been treated as
simple larcenies. They have been so treated
in the board of justices that have tried some
of these cases, and have bound others over.
The point was selected, precisely that which
corresponds with the practice here ; and it was
believed that the practice having obtained in
that way it was competent to frame a bill which
would authorize a police court to try a man
precisely as the supreme court has heretofore
tried him.
Mr. BAYARD. Then the usual legal defi-
nition would be different from that which cus-
tom apparently has created in this District.
There were grand larcenies and petty larcenies,
the difference between which was instituted by
the law of England, in their march of reform"!
to prevent the utterly shocking and repugnant
punishment of death being inflicted for so infe-
rior an offense. Therefore they instituted the
difference between grand and petit larceny,
excluding all small! hefts from the fearful pun-
ishment of the loss of life. Nevertheless, lar-
ceny is a felony.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to makeasuggestion? I would remark
to him that my attention has been drawn to the
same objection to the bill which he suggests,
and it seems to me that it might be obviated by
adding a proviso providing that any person shall
be entitled to trial by jury in all cases where
that mode of trial is secured by the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. BAYARD. I would suggest, and prob-
ably it would meet the view of the honorable
Senator from Maine, to strike out the woid
"larcenies" and insert the word "misdemean-
ors." I think that is not capable of any legal
indefinitcness. Although the suggestion of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky would reach
the case, yet it would throw ou the court at all
times the duty of defining the matter. There
can be no question as to the legal meaning of
the word "larceny." It is a felony, and a
felony is an infamous offense. I submit the
