1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2965
before the House, during a termof nearly fire
months, I was here from the opening of the ses-
sion till the fall of the hammer at the adjourn-
ment. I desire furthermore to say, that serving
upon two committees during the whole of that
time, I have never been absent except on a
single occasion from the meetings of either.
Under these circumstances, on last Friday even-
ing it occurred to me that possibly the House
might excuse me from attendance for aa hour
or two on that occasion. I accordingly took
the liberty to stop on the avenue to purchase
some books which I needed and which were
offered for sale, and which, I was informed, I
would not have opportunity to procure after-
ward. Being detained longer than I expected,
and feeling somewhat fatigued, I returned after
my purchase to my room. I make this state-
ment not with the view of evading any just pen-
alties which the House may see fit to impose,
but in order, as this proceeding has been made
of more than ordinary importance, to let those
whom I have the honor to represent on this
floor understand that I have on all occasions
endeavored to discharge my duties to them as
faithfully as has been in my power.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. KNOTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELKER. I am glad to have an op-
portunity to say, in behalf of the gentleman
from Kentucky, f Mr. Knott,] that he belongs
to two committees upon which I serve, and
that I know of no member who has been more
punctual in attendance on both those commit-
tees since I have been associated with him. I
move that the gentleman be excused.
Mr. ORTH. I desire to add my testimony
.to that of iny colleague [Mr. Welker] as to
.the promptitude with which the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Knott] has uniformly
discharged his duties on the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
yhe motion 6f Mr. Welker was agreed to;
and Mr. Knott was excused.
Mr. KELLOGG. I now move that further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with,
and that all fines be remitted. If we excuse
any gentleman on the ground upon which the
last two have been excused we certainly oaght
to remit the penalties in the cases of all others.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
motion is not in order. The House has adopted
a resolution concluding this whole subject, and
the motion to reconsider the resolution was
laid on the table.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I desire to say in behalf
Of my colleague [Mr. Heflin] that he left the
Hall of the House on Friday about three
o'clock with a sick headache, to which he is
subject, and was nnable to return here after
the recess on that day.. For this reason I move
that he be excused. I should have made such
a motion on Friday night had I at that time
known of his illness.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I rise to a
point of order. I submit that the. resolution
which was adopted and the motioa to recon-
sider which was laid on the table did not em-
brace any proposition with reference to tie
payment and collection of fines. Therefore, I
submit that a motion to remit tines is in order.
The SPEAKER. A resolution of that kind
would be in order under a suspension of the
rules or under a call of the.States for resolu-
tions, but it is not in order at the present time.
Mr. COX. I think nobody would object to
such a proposition. . .
Mr. KELLOGG. My purpose was to remit
all the fines.
Mr. McCRARY. Mr. Speaker, I did not pro-
pose to say anything more than I said the other
evening with regard to my absence on that
occasion. But since the remarks which have
been made by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Knott,] and since the action of the
House in hie case, I deem it proper to say that
every word he has said with reference to him-
self is true in my own case. I am not aware
that I have been absent from the sessions of
this House without leave for a single hour since
I took my seat here. I was but a very few
minutes late on Friday evening. I confess I
was somewhat, careless on that occasion, for
the reason that I had been here the even-
ing before and found scarcely any one here,
no business being tranaacted on that evening
on account of absence of members generally.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Schenck,] the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,]
the gentleman from Wisconsi n [Mr. Washburn]
having in charge the bill then under consid-
eration, and other gentlemen of the House,
many of them, were absent on Thursdayeven-
ing.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch]
has seen fit to make that statement in refer-
ence to myself. I desire to say the gentleman
is entirely mistaken. I was not absent.
Mr. LYNCH. 1 move that the gentleman
be excused.
Mr. DAWES. I do not ask the gentleman
from Maine to make that motion. [Laughter.]
I hold myself responsible to the House and
the rules of the House, and it is not necessary
for the gentleman to get excused by making
charges against another member which are not
true in fact. I do not think it worth while for
the gentleman from Maine to make charges
which he does not know to be true or not.
Mr. LYNCH. It is reported in the Globe
the gentleman was not here.
Mr. MORGAN. In the absence of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
it was stated that the motion to adjourn was
made.
Mr. McCRARY. I am not sure whether
the gentleman from Massachusetts was here
or not on Thursday evening. If he was I beg
bis pardon for doing him injustice.
Mr. DAWES. 1 had not charge of the bill
and was not responsible in any respect for the
Navy appropriation bill th^n pending. I was
opposed to the bill. I opposed its being re-
ported to the House. Therefore, I am not to
be held responsible for any transaction in
regard to that bill. But I was not absent.
Mr, McCRARYi I know that the honor-
able gentleman on whose motion I was fined
ten dollars for being here five minutes after
the doors werfc closed, was not here at all on
Thursday evening. I am not here to complain.
I mention these facts to show there was some
excise for a younger member of the House
being absent on that occasion. 1 had no reason
to expect any business to be done on that
evening. And now, Mr. Speaker, I do not
wish to say more than that I have not been
absent, to my knowledge or recollection, when
the House was called to order, once this ses-
sion, except on that particular occasion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say a word
in respect to the case of my friend, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. State it-
Mr. BINGHAM. Is there anything in order
just now except th® statements of parties de-
siring to be exeased?
The SPEAKER* Nothing i3 in order except
to hear excuses.
, Mr. MAYNARD. I was proceeding to say
in regard to the chairman and members of the
Committee of Ways and Means that there is
a standing order of the House authorizing them
to sit during the sittings of the House.
Mr. LYNCH. I move that the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means be excused.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have been so repeatedly
referred to by gentlemen in stating their cases
that I desire to reply in a few minutes. The
gentleman from Iowa desires to excuse himself
because of the bad example of others, and
takes especial occasion to say the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means was absent
the night before. It is true, and I w:ts nut
absent on business. I was absent while the
appropriation bill was under consideration wiili
my Ohio friends, who were here on a. visit. It
is the only day for recreation I have taken
during the whole session ; and if the gentleman
or any other gentleman will stand up here ami
work as hard as I do and be absent as seldom
as I am, then he will have followed a gou<l
example.
Mr. COX. I call for the regular order of
business. As some members may desire to ask
hereafter to be excused, I wish to get the floor
to offera resolution suspending all proceedings
under the call and remitting all the fines which
have been imposed. These fines never have
been collected before, and it operates in a way
to discriminate against some of our most virtu-
ous people. [Laughter.] I hope I may be per-
mitted to offer my resolution.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. COX. I move the previous question
on it.
The SPEAKER. It is not before the House.
Mr. CALKIN. I call for the regular order.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unanimous
consent to address a few words to the House.
Mr. CULLOM. We ought to po to work.
Mr. CALKIN. I object, and insist on the
regular order.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to ask the Chair
whether it has not been determirved by a res-
olution of the House this morning that gentle-
men who have excuses to offer should now
have an opportunity to offer them ?
The SPEAKER. Excuses from gentlemen
who were absent without leave are in order.
Mr. MORGAN. Then I rise to be heard
by the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is in order,
under the resolution of the House, if he rises
for that purpose.
Mr. MORGAN. On Thursday night last I
appeared on this ftaor with an understanding
that after the gen tie man from Maine [Mr. Hale]
bad finished I was to be heard on the naval
appropriation bill. I appeared in accordance
with that understanding. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofiei.d] rose in his place
and objected to debate, and asked that the
House should adjourn for the reason that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Dawes] was not present. In conseqaence
of the suggestion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, not wishing to take advantage of the
.absence of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of the Committee
.on Appropriations, I consented to the adjourn-
ment. Now, the fact is that there were not
eighteen members present at the time the
adjournment took place on Thursday night.
Mr. DAWES. I beg to Bay to the gentle-
man 
Mr. MORGAN. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman just now; he may be heard afterward.
Mr. JUDD. There were jast seven mem-
bers OB the floor.
Mr. MORGAN. And I was one of the seven.
On Friday night at seven o'clock I was sick in
my bed, and did not know of the call of the
Honse until Satnrday morning. I do not ask
to be exensed, but I want these facts to go
before the country; and I will say here that
certain gentlemen who have been most noisy
on the subject of the call are those who have
been most frequently absent from the House
and most derelict in their doty.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order if he does not ask to be excused. [Laugh-
ter.] Gentlemen who rise for the purpose of
asking to be excused are alone to be heard.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that tbe gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. MoboanI be excused.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker—
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman frotn
Massachusetts rise to ask to be excused?
[L&aghter.] -
