1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
At present appointments are made on the
recommendations of certain persons, Senators,
Representatives, and politicians of high and
low grade. If we pass this bill and nothing
more, appointments will be made on the rec-
ommendations of certain persons also, only the
ground is shifted to a certain extent. Will the
Senator from Illinois be good enough to tell
me, if this bill becomes a law, who those per-
sons will be on whose recommendation appoint-
ments are to be made then, because it is not
to be supposed that the President or the mem-
bers of tne Cabinet will hare time or opportu-
nity to go over the whole ground and select
candidates for offices themselves?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that other
channels of information will be accessible to
the President. The point of the bill is that it
is improper for the persons charged with the
legislative department of the Government to
be mixed up with this matter of appointments.
I tried to show when I introduced the bill the
reasons for that, which will occur without being
restated to the Senator from Missouri. Other
avenues of information will be sought by the
Executive, from the State authorities, who are
not holding the relations that we hold as mem-
bers of Congress to the Executive ; from the
officials of the Government itself. There are
postmasters scattered all over the United States;
there are marshals, there are various officers
in the employment of the Government from
whom information can be sought. Then there
are the State organizations, and there are the
people themselves, who ought to be heard in
reference to the .great mass of appointments,
such as postmasters and others. I know no
better way, and I would be willing, if the Con-
stitution permitted it, that an act should be
passed requiring the person to be appointed
postmaster in every locality whom the major-
ity of the citizens interested desired. There
■will be no difficulty in obtaining reliable inform-
ation upon which to act. The people them-
selves can present their statements, and offi-
cials in the locality can certify who those people
are, so that the Government may not be im-
posed upon. The evils to be overcome, in
my judgment, are so great that they will war-
rant some inconvenience in order to get rid of
them.
Mr. HOWARD obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator from
Michigan permit me a moment ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir, a moment.
Mr. SCHURZ. I hope the Senator from
Illinois has not misunderstood me. I.am
aware that the practice at present prevailing
is a demoralizing practice in every respect.
I am aware that it is highly improper for mem-
bers of Congress to meddle with the func-
tions of the Executive, and to put themselves
under obligations to the Executive Depart-
ments by the favors they ask and that are
granted to them. At the same time I believe
that if we want to reform the civil service of
this country we shall have to furnish a much
broader basis for that reform than this measure
affords. As the Senator from Illinois himself
states, it merely transfers the recommenda-
tions which are to be made from large poli-
ticians to small politicians; and I see reasons
to fear that the effect upon the civil service
itself may be a change from bad to worse.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I have re-
flected somewhat upon the subject of this bill;
and although I am as well satisfied as any one
that there are very serious inconveniences at-
tending the practice which has prevailed for a
great number of years, and although these con-
stant applications for office and favors at the
hands ofthc Executive Departments constitute
a very great burden upon members of the Senate
and members of the House of Representatives,
and that they obstruct legislation, impede the
discharge of our legislative duties, still I am
n1°.t prepared to go so far as is contemplated by
this bill. Somebody must advise the Executive
as to the fitness of persons who are to be
appointed to office. Itis impossible for him to
inform himself by his own personal exertions
as to their fitness in all cases, or in even many
cases; and in this I think the Senator from
Illinois will concur with me. He must rely
[ on some one or some set of persons to give
; him proper information as to the propriety of
' appointing A, B, C, or D to office.
Now, notwithstanding the great inconven-
ience and great abuse which exists in this prac-
tice, I have made up my mind that there are
no persons to whom he can so safely apply for
advice respecting the fitness of candidates for
office as members of thejtwo Houses of Con-
gress. If this necessity exists, and we all know
it does exist, why should we by an act like this
inflict upon ourselves penalties, severe penal-
ties, fines, and imprisonment, for merely vol-
unteering our advice to the Executive or to the
Executive Departments in reference to appoint-
ments? The practice is quite as old as the
j Gpvernment. It is older than the Govern-
: ment. It is as old as any and all Governments,
from the beginning of history down to the pres-
ent time. It must necessarily be so; and
although it is an evil, iu its abuses at least, I
do not see how we are to avoid it in the form
of this bill. I think we have got on tolerably
well for the last seventy years under the Con-
stitution and the old practice, And I do not feel
just now like introducing so serious an inno-
vation as this. I do not feel like imposing
upon myself fine and imprisonment because I
take it into my head to go and see the Presi-
dent, or the head of a Department, to advise
him that I think it proper he should appoint
A, B, C, or D to office. I do not think we can
go as far as that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word " Ter-
ritory" the words " or any judicial, military,
or naval officer of the United States so that
it may read:
That hereafter it shall be unlawful for any mem-
ber of either House of Congress, or Delegate from a
Territory, or any judicial, military, or naval officers
of the United States, verbally or in writing, to solicit,
recommend, &c.
I submit 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would ask the Sen-
ator a question right there. Would he debar
the commanding General from recommending
Army officers for promotion for service?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think that is the
mischief which the bill ought to reach, although
there may be quite as much reason in depriving
the commander of the Army of the right to
recommend men for promotion as there is in
depriving members of Congress of the right to
recommend persons for appointment. But I
desire to have this amendment so amended as
to provide that the same rule shall apply to
judges of the courts and to the military men
of the country and to naval officers of the coun-
try as applies to members of Congress; for
without wishing to express any disapprobation
of that course, it is a fact that recommenda-
tions for various offices in the country, discon-
nected from the judicial and the military depart-
ments of the Government, are made by judges
and by military men ; and there seems to be as
much propriety in depriving them of this power
in removing this temptation from them as from
members of Congress ; and if this rule is to
prevail I think that all the departments of the
Government, the legislative and the judicial and
the military, so far as it constitutes a part of
any department of the Government, should be
relieved from these solicitations to recommend
men to office.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon will please suspend his remarks.
The morning hour has expired, and the cen-
sus bill is before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
New York will let us go on with this bill and
finish it.
Mr. CONKLING. I have only to remind
the Senator of the frequency with which the
census bill has been surrendered to make my
apology for refusing to yield now. I must
insist now upon the consideration of that bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In that event, then, I
hope we may have it understood that as soon
as the Senator from New York is through with
the census bill we may be permitted to take
this up.
Mr, CONKLING. I have 110 objection to
that.
The VICE' PRKSIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois asks that this bill shall follow
the census bill, to be taken up immediately.
Mr. MORTON. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
New York will let this be finished. I think we
cannot be engaged in a more useful work than
to pass the substance of this bill. I think the
more we discuss it the better we shall like in.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to oblige
the honorable Senator, but I beg of him to
excuse me. We ought certainly to proceed
with the consideration of the census bill,
NINTH CENSUS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 424) to provide for taking the ninth cen-
sus of the United States is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, the pending ques-
tion being on the substitute reported by the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws. When
the Senate adjourned on Friday evening the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] had
demanded the reading of the original census
bill. It is in print—House bill No. 424. Un-
less the demand shall be withdrawn the bill
will be read in full.
Mr. CONKLING. I doubt the expediency
of reading this very long bill in full unless some
Senator now insists upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no Senator
insists upon it 
Mr. SUMNER. Under the circumstances,
it seems to me, the bill ought to be read. I am
sorry to feel obliged to require it. I should
rather proceed at once to the discussion, but
the bill is of such importance that I think the
Senate at least ought to go through the form
of listening to it. I do not know how much
attention it will receive during the reading, but
I think it ought to be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts has a right to demand the read-
ing,
Mr. CONKLING. It is a bill of thirty-four
pages, the reading of which nobody can hope
that the Senate will follow. Of course tne
Senator has a right to insist upon it. I only
make the suggestion for the convenience of
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The schedules may prop-
erly be omitted, but the enacting part of the
bill ought to be read.
Mr. CONKLING. On the contrary, if there
be any use in reading the bill, the schedules,
more than any other part, ought to be read.
The innovations are more largely there, and
they are very instructive schedules.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the House bill till he
reached the schedules appended to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thur-
man in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Massachusetts desire the schedules to be read?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not desire them read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the schedules will be omitted. The pending
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws, which was to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert:
That the Secretary of the Interior be directed to
so change the schedules and blanks to be used in
enumerating the inhabitants of the United State* in
1870 as to make tho samo conform to the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the rec-
ommendation of the committee is to let well
enough alone; by leaving where it is legislation
