64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
Ho. of Reps.
Foreign Relations—Mr. Moore.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
districts, and the number was augmented to
several thousands, still without adequate means
to carrying on successful warfare, yet the very
circumstances attending the origin of the up-
rising do really, in my opinion, indicate such
a want of grave and serious reflection before a
blow was struck, and the absence of such deep-
laid schemes of action, as to have then begotten
in the mind at least a doubt that it might be
premature, and after all terminate in an unre-
quited sacrifice of human blood.
And it appears that facts sustain the assump-
tion that at no time has it secured the hearty
sanction of the majority of the people of Cuba,
nor does it appear that at any time through-
out this whole conflict the majority of the in-
habitants of that island have desired the suc-
cess of the revolution as organized, or looked
upon its triumph as the harbinger of liberty
based upon law and order, and promising a
new era of assured peace and prosperity to the
whole people. I should not, however, regret
it, sir, if 1 were found to be mistaken in this
regard; and I would not for any consideration
do myself the injustice of misstating a single
fact or of appearing to desire to make out a
case against the facts of history. But I believe
that official information now in the State De-
partment, portions of which have already gone
before the public, justify each and every dec-
laration I have made.
It has been declared upon this floor that the
Cuban patriots have a capital and a govern-
ment in full operation; and yet Consul General
Piumb states in a communication to the State
Department, October 10th, that Libanica, a
hamlet, and Guarimaro, a village of five hun-
dred inhabitants, are the only places occupied
by the insurgents ; and at a later date he in-
forms the Department that both of these places
have been destroyed.
The Cuban insurgents now absolutelyhold no
towns, no cities, no fortresses. They have no
ports, no ships, no army. They do not presume
according to the rules of regular warfare to
offer or accept battle ; and according to the
most reliable information which the Govern-
ment has, so far as we know, been able to obtain,
the movement has not yet reached the propor-
tions of any of those conflicts in which govern-
ments have found themselves justified and
even constrained to treat during the existence
of hostilities. It may be possible, but I think
not at all probable, that in the lapse of time
the insurrection may become more formidable;
it may possibly yet rise to the dignity of a
revolution ; it may yet so demean itself as to
secure the support of the majority of Cubans ;
it may yet possess itself of organized and well-
disciplined armies; it may yet conquer cities
arid fortified towns, and become the de facto
government of the whole island.
Be it so ; it will be time enough then for this
Government to regard Cuba as a Power enti-
tled to belligerent rights, and to talk of recog-
nizing her independence. It is said that the
case in Cuba is analogous to that of other
Spanish colonies whose belligerent rights and
independence were acknowledged while in a
state of revolt by this Government. But I am
sorry to say that th e facts contradict this assump-
tion. Those revolted dependencies were almost
a unit in their action in favor of renouncing their
allegiance to the Spanish throne; at least so
overwhelming were the majorities that they at
once grasped the sovereignty of their States.
Negotiations were entered into with them after
campaigns had begun and ended, after battles
hadbeenwonandlost. They had organized, well-
disciplined armies, and governments support-
ing those armies. So, I am sorry to say, has not
Cuba. It has been said, I believe, on this floor
that they have approximated as nearly to a dis-
tinct nationality as had our people in the days
of our Revolution when we were fortunate
enough to secure the recognition of foreign
Powers. Such an assumption, however, is ab-
solutely preposterous and too manifestly absurd
to justify delay here to notice the facts of our
history as they then existed. Again, it has been
stated that it would be a favorable opportunity
for the United States to promote her own in-
terests by intervening between Spain and her
dependencies upon this continent; that it would
be a handsome feat to flaunt a banner of
thirty-eight stars in the face of the equator, and
to number among them that particular star that
should symbolize the island State. Truly this
is beautiful in a speech, but it is questionable
if it looks quite so handsome in diplomacy.
It would likewise have looked well a few years
ago, in the estimation of many, to have^ em-
braced the opportunity afforded on the inva-
sion of Canada by the fiery sons of Erin, to
have possessed ourselves of the undivided navi-
gation of the northern lakes, and the absolute
control of the St. Lawrence as an outlet to our
trade and commerce on either shore; and it
might not be uninteresting about this time to
sweep northward as well as southward, as there
is a speck of war in that direction, and flaunt
a banner of a few more additional stars in the
face of the northern tropic.
Yet I imagine that amid these splendid gyra-
tions we should somewhere be reminded of the
existence of diplomacy and international law,
notwithstanding they are such very bug-bears
in the estimation of gentlemen of line imagina-
tions. International law a bug-bear ! The pro-
found and splendid utterances of such minds as
Montesquieu, PufFendorf, and Yattel but vague
speculations! Who that has studied the history
of modern civilization has failed to realize the
incalculable, the unmeasured influence for good
which such minds have exerted in the affairs
of nations? Why, sir, our common sense cannot
fail in this enlightened age to suggest that as
there is a variety of nations, and always must
be, that hold intercourse one with another for
their mutual ad vantage, there must of necessity
exist laws universally accepted as binding by
which that intercourse must be regulated, and
the ruthless violation of which must eventuate
in the most terrible disasters. And these laws,
sir, constitute the law of nations. Law in gen-
eral, in thelanguageofPresidentMontesqueieu,
is human reason, and enlightened human rea-
son, correct conceptions of the fitness of things
as applied to nations, are the essence really of
those stern behests which arenevertobelightly
esteemed by a nation that would live always.
I admit, sir, that if a'ny material interest
vital to this nation impelled us to intrigue and
pounce upon a province of a neighboring nation
with which we hold amicable relations, we might
be sustained by that unquestioned maxim that
self-preservation is the first, the highest law
recognized among nations. But, sir, no such
fact exists among us. We are not smothering
for want of room. No material interests are
now languishing for the want of additional ter-
ritory. New accessions of territory are not
essential to our continued growth and pros-
perity, and I rather incline to the opinion that
our wisest policy at present would be to give
our attention to the development of that which
we already possess than to eagerly and ambi-
tiously seek for more. I am fond of believing,
sir, that the utterances of the Father of his
Country, in his Farewell Address, have still at
least a degree of significance, and that when
we have stretched southward as far as the
Isthmus of Panama, sweeping in our train the
Antilles, and have compassed the whole of the
British possessions at the north and a portion
or the whole of Greenland, as our whaling in-
terest may seem to demand, we might very
consistently surcease at least for a breathing
spell.
But, sir, there is another remark which I
desire to make in reference to our foreign af-
fairs. In the last message we have the declar-
ation that "this nation holds itself to be its
own judge when to accord the rights of bel-
ligerency either to a people struggling to free
themselves from a Government they believe to
be oppressive or to independent nations at war
with each otherand I venture the assertion,
in reference to pending difficulties upon our
southern border, that hereafter if any serious
and substantial reasons should arise sufficient
to justify a different line of policy from that
which has been adopted toward the insurgents,
the Government holds itself in readiness to act
efficiently and promptly.
But I apprehend, Mr. Speaker, that in any
event Cuba is to become free, and that mainly
through the influence of our Government. The
Government at Madrid unquestionably under-
stands that in this enlightened age, such is the
progressive spirit that rules the hour, that it
can no longer control and work that beautiful
island by the old system of slavery and oppres-
sion. If it attempts to adhere to it, then it is
inevitable that Cuba passes from her control.
If it wholly abandons the old policy, then a
free and liberal government is guarantied;
and it seems to me that the indications are
pretty clear that the enlightened general, poli-
tician, and statesman, whose great name, more
than that of any other, controls for the present
the destinies of Spain, does not for a moment
contemplate the perpetuation of such a policy.
I confess, sir, that I cannot deny the posses-
sion of some considerable regard for Prim and
his coadjutors who have expelled from the
Spanish throne the most illiberal, stupid, and
anti-progressive dynasty that held power any-
where among civilized men. Prim's great in-
fluence and power have ever been exerted in
favor of enlightened statesmanship and liberal
government, and I would be glad to see this
great man and his coadjutors do something
worthy of themselves. I would be glad, sir,
if they should find it possible to bring order
out of confusion, and that in that land, unsur-
passed in its natural loveliness, but which has
hitherto been so baflly governed, they might
be able so to remodel their Government and
institutions as to guaranty as much freedom, at
least, as is commensurate with the intelligence
and virtue of the people. Our Government,
as I understand it, is invited to give the assur-
ance to Cuba, upon the faith Spain plighted to
us, that as soon as the insurgents, who are now,
as it appears, carrying on only a sort of guer-
rilla warfare, shall lay down their arms, liberty,
law, and order shall be established upon that
island; and these favorable indications, and
the repeated pledges of the Spanish Govern-
ment, I am strongly inclined to believe have
begotten the hope expressed in the President's
message:
"That the good offices of the United States may
yet prove advantageous for the settlement of this
unhappy strife."
In the discussion of our foreign policy in
relation to Cuba it is maintained by those who
advocate immediate recognition that the Ala-
bama claims and our present complications
with the kingdom of Great Britain is the lion
in the path of Cuban emancipation. But these
views, as it seems to me, are utterly fallacious.
It is humiliating to believe that this Govern-
ment would refuse to do an act in itself just,
that it would forbear to extend its active sym-
pathies to a people struggling to throw off
oppression only through the dreaded apprehen-
sion that controversies pending between her-
self and a neighboring State might not be
brought to a successful termination.
Sir, I apprehend that this question of Cuban
recognition stands alone, and that the main,
and I might say the only consideration that
should occupy the attention of the Government
in relation thereto is simply as to whether or
not there is a war of such dimensions, such an
uprising in behalf of liberty and unquestioned
