4854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
13ut 1 hold in my hand here numerous specific-
ations made by him. setting forth the mistakes
that, Lave been made in measure and in weight.
As he expresses it, " it is Mullet against Mullet
ail the time the specifications do not agree
with the plan, and the contract does not agree
with the specifications.
Mr. COBURN. Who foots the bill?
Mr. PAKNS WORTH. Your constituents
and mine foot the bill; the tax-gatherer col-
lects the money from our people to foot the
bill.
Thus, as it seems to me, are the subordinates
of the Secretary of the Treasury allowed free
latitude to control matters of tins kind and to
rim mad on the subject of the public buildings
of the United States. As the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks] truly said, the
lecommendatious from that Department for
public buildings come in here by volumes, aud
lliey are all iu the same form. No sooner had
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads entered upon the investigation of these
contracts, during last winter, than there was a
perfect flood of recommendations coming to
Congress, recommending the erection of public
buildings in the district of every member who
v,'anted such buildings. Any member of Con-
gress could go to the Treasury Department and
procure a recommendation for an expensive
Government building in his district. Among
the public buildings recommended in this way
was one to be located at Paducah, Kentucky.
The architect of the Treasury represented that
the Government was paying §325 rent at that
place for the offices necessary for the transac-
tion of the public business—the immense annual
rent of §325! lie thought that this vast ex-
penditure ought to be saved, and therefore
recommended the Government to go to work
and erect a building which should cost, I be-
lieve, $250,000 ! lie proposed that we should
start, off with an appropriation of $15,000.
Mr. TRIMBLE. The estimate made by the
officers of the Government was that $3,225 was
the amount paid for rent of public offices at
Paducah. Ixlo not know what Mr. Mullet may
have stated.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. He named the
amount as $325.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Fur inclosing and putting in safe condition the
building for branch mint in Dalies City, Oregon,
510,00:).
M r. DEGENBIt. I move to amend by add-
ing to the paragraph just read the following:
I'or the erection, in the city of Austin, Texas, of a
budding to contain the accessary compartments for
th^ United States district court, tho post otlico, and
the internal revenue department, $j0,000: Provided,
That- the city authorities of Austin shall tarnish a
proper lot lbi the purpose, which shall bo ceded to
the Lhiited States, and that the lnonev be expended
under the direction ot the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DAWE3. I propose to raise a pointof
order on that; but I am willing to withhold it
till the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Degexec]
lias made his speech.
Mr. DEGENER. My friend from Massa-
chuseKs [Mr. Dawes] has to suffer the penal-
ties of Ins exalted position as chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations; like the rich
man, he is subjected to the appeals fiom the
poor who want, money. And what is it we ask,
from the little States of Arkansas and Texas?
Only tiie few dollars which may remain in the
Tieasury after the demands are satisfied for
the royul palaces for mail matters in Boston
and New York. I have voted for these exor-
bitant appropriations, because I believe that
our public buildings ought to be in harmony
Willi the purposes lor which they are intended ;
1 hoy ought to bo of such a character as to im-
press our citizens with the power and dignity
of she nation. On this ground I have voted for
these large appropriations; but, sir, if that is a
correct, rule, and be applied in this case, then
the building occupied by our Unilsd States
court in Texas falls far short of the stand-
ard. That court was, until recently, held iu a
third-story room, over a store, [laughter]—
such a locality as few gentlemen on this floor
ever saw, except they visited the office of a
backwoods lawyer. It is an indignity to compel
a Federal judge to sit upon the bench in such
a place. Recently the location of the court
has improved. It has been moved one story
lower down, and is now right over a livery
stable. [Laughter.] Do you believe that this
is a suitable place for a Federal court ?
I believe that the rent paid for the differ-
ent Federal offices named in my amendment
amounts to $3,000 annually. I ask an appro-
priation of S30,000 for the erection of a good,
decent building. I propose, in other words,
that we shall invest this amount of capital, and
save the sum we are now paying as rent, or ten
per cent, interest.
As regards the pointof order which the gen-
tleman from.Massachusetts proposes to raise, I
will say that in my judgment it has no applica-
tion to this case. Just before the rebellion
Congress made an appropriation of $30,000
for this purpose; so that the proposition, has
the sanction of existing law. I suppose it may
be said that the advantage of that provision has
been forfeited by the fact that the State engaged
in the rebellion ; but gentlemen on the Demo-
cratic side will probably not indorse that doc-
trine, and I presume I may count on their sup-
porting my proposition against a technicality
raised by my Republican friends. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] insist on his
point of order on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Texas, [Mr. Degexer?]
Mr. DAWES. I should be very glad to
withdraw the point of order ; but as I feel that
to do so would be opening the door to "arious
propositions of the same kind, I am afraid to
do so.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. TWICHELL. Is the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fahnswoutii]
withdrawn ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. TWICHELL. I want merely to say
that the gentleman from Illinois knows as well
as I know that there were no fraudulent con-
tracts relating to the Boston post office.
The Clerk read as follows :
For furniture for custom-house in Portland, Maine,
$15,0:10.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move
to strike that out. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether there was not ati appropriation for
furnishing that building a year ago? If my
recollection serves me, there was an appropri-
ation made in 18G9 for furnishing the post ollice
and custom-house at Portland, Maine.
Mr. DAWES. Not being on the Committee
on Appropriations then, I cannot, of course,
give the gentleman the information what appro-
priations were made.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I find, Mr.
Chairman, by turning to the statutes, that iu
18G8 an appropriation was made for a building,
to be used as a post office aud custom-house, at
Portland, Maine, of 350,000. There was also
an appropriation made in JSG0 for the custom-
house at Portland, Maine, of $00,000. In the
same year there was appropriated' for fitting up
the custom-house and post office at Portland,
Maine, $25,000. Now. in this bill I find, for
furniture^ for the custom-house at Poitland,
Maine, §15,000, and for furnishing the post
office at Portland, Maine, §10,000; making
$2t>,000 for furnishing the same building for
which we appropriated §25,000 in 1SG9.
Mr. 1) A\Y ES. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri will recollect there was a great fire in
Portland, Maine, which burned up the cus-
tomhouse and post office building in that city,
and it became necessary to fix up a temporary
building Jor the use of the Government offices.
ilr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. When was
that five?
Mr. DAWES. About three years ago.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. The whole
building was built np sincc.-
Mr. DAWES. One building was burned down,
and we have since been putting up another.
Mr, McCORMICK, of Missouri. In 1868
we appropriated $50,000 for , the purpose of
building a-custom-house and post office in the
city of Portland, Maine. Jn 1869 Congress
appropriated $60,000 to complete that build-
ing, and in addition we appropriated the same
year $25,000 for furnishing that building.
Mr. DAWES. We appropriated $60,000
for the new building, which is now going up
there in place of the one which was burned, and
this is for the purpose of furnishing that build-
ing.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. In 1859
the statutes show that we appropriated $25,000
for furnishing this building, if my recollec-
tion serves me right Representatives fro.n Maine
here at that time said it was enough. We are
now asked for anotherappropriation of $25,000
for the same purpose.
Mr. PETERS. The money has been spent.
This furniture has been bought and paid for ;
and the question is whether wo shall cheat the
people who sold it to the Government.
Mr. DAWES. I object to its being put on
that ground. It is a necessary expenditure,
and therefore the appropriation has been made.
Mr. PETERS. 1 wish to say that the money
has been already expended upon the faith and
credit of the people of Portland, who bought
the furniture or gave their indorsement that if
the Government did not pay for it they would.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think it is any the
better for that. It is one of the cases in which
the supervising architect of the Treasury De-
partment does as he has a mind to. It is not
a good ground for making the appropriation
that the money has been expended, and I pro-
test against it. If we were to adopt such a
theory, then we will have to indorse all that
this supervising architect has done, for he does
not seem to wait for the law at ail. I do not
go for this appropriation on any such ground,
but because it is necessary that this building
should be furnished.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I wish to
say, in reply to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, that it was my understanding that the
appropriation of §25,000 made in 1869 was all
that was required for furnishing the custom-
house and post office building at Portland,
Maine. It was distinctly urged on that occa-
sion that $25,000 was a very large amount to
pay merely for the furniture of such a building,
yet that amount was then appropriated. We
are now called upon to appropriate the same
amount this year for precisely the same pur-
pose. There are two separate'items in this
bill, making altogether §25,000. As I under-
stand, the appropriation is for one and the same
building. It seems to me to be a reckless
expenditure of the public money.
Mr. MclvENZlE. Mr. Chairman, it seems
to me that these appropriations for furnitiue
are most outrageous. 1 recollect during the
last war 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must
move an amendment.
Mr. McKENZIE. Well, sir: I will move
to make it §5,000.
_ I desired to say that during the war, when I
visited General Halleek, and found liioi iu a
plain two-story building, above the War De-
partment, iu a room in which three or four
chairs and a plain table were all the furniture,
I lelt pleased to think that we had got back to
the eld times of republican simplicity. But
when 1 got into the quartermaster'sdepartment
I found the officers there roiling in luxury.
Just look at ic. Fifteen thousand dollars for
the furniture of a house! Why, that is enough
to build a church with. [Laughter.] Such an
expenditure. I think, is outrageous, and 1 am
astonished that the chairman of the Committee
on Appropn.itions should agree to anything of
