mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
41st Cong....2dSess.
Contested Election—Mr. Bowen.
IIo. of Reps.
rights withheld and trodden under foot, as to
make it imperative upon this country, in view
of the claims of justice and humanity, to inter-
vene, and whether the time and occasion have
come when, without a violation of our tra-
ditional policy, we may so intervene.
The settlement of the Alabama troubles is
quite another and distinct question, and one,
too, which I imagine must stand and be adju-
dicated on its own individual merits. It is a
question with us of the very gravest magnitude
and importance, and is not to be met or ignored
according, as in the judgment of her Majesty's
Government, we may or may not square our
actions according to its own conceptions of our
duty. We have been the recipients of wrongs
at the hands of the British Government of the
most grievous character, under which our peo-
ple everywhere are most keenly sensitive;
wrongs which can never be forgiven till ade-
quately requited; and I believe, sir, that the
unanimous and imperative voice of the people
of this country demands of this Government
of ours, in the interests of our national honor
and of stern, relentless justice, a full, frank,
and ample reparation of these wrongs, so ruth-
lessly, so recklessly, and so faithlessly im-
Sir, these wrongs are the more difficult to be
endured by our people for the reason that they
have been inflicted by a nation with whom we
were at peace and to whom we were related
by the ties of a common origin, a common
language, and a common Christian civilization;
and because they were inflicted at a time when
we were sacrificing that which was dearest to
us in defense of our national life, threatened
by a foul conspiracy organized in the interests
of human slavery; and no Administration, in
my estimation, can meet with the support and
sympathy of our great people that does not
hold a firm and steady hand upon this question.
The remembrance of the haste with which bel-
ligerent rights were conceded to the insurgents,
even before a single battle had been fought or
a drop of blood shed, and before a single con-
ference had been had with our Government in
reference to the serious and vital questions at
issue; the willingness and facility with which
the arsenals and dock-yards of Great Britain
were made subservient to the demands of our
enemies; the thronging of the high seas with
rebel cruisers manned by British guns and
British subjects; the destruction of our mer-
chant marine by the connivance and tacit con-
sent of a Power from whom we had every
reason to expect the highest consideration,
contributing to magnify into importance a strife
which might else have been terminated in a
comparatively short period, and at a compar-
atively small expenditure of blood and treas-
ure ; the indirect slaughter of hundreds of thou-
sands of the flower of our land, are incidents in
the unfriendly and unwarrantable course of the
British Government that so intensify the peo-
ple's sense of enormous injuries that nothing
short of a full atonement on the part af Great
Britain can ever heal the wounds so ruthlessly
opened.
And, sir, it seems to me that in this contro-
versy we have fortunately the vantage ground.
We are not the injurers, but the injured. We
have been the recipients of injuries confessed
throughout the civilized world, and ourpursuit
of justice must in the light of consistent rea-
son, be considered as a necessity arising from
the peculiarity of our surroundings; and the
consistency of our past character as a nation,
dealing with other nationalities, serves an ex-
cellent purpose at such a time as this. And,
sir, I am persuaded that had the brilliant suc-
cess with which we have emerged from our
recent enthrallment been clearly foreseen the
wrongs had not been inflicted; had not the
anticipation of the dismemberment of our grand
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 5.
fabric of free government been fanned into
flame by the unkind desire to witness such a
consummation the Alabama claims would not
be on the slate to-day for adjustment.
I realize, sir, that a conflict between the two
most considerable nations of the earth would
be a dire calamity to the civilized world. But,
sir, it is felt by the people of this country, not
only in the busy marts of trade, but alike in
distant hamlets, that no more dire calamity
can befall a nation than the loss of its national
honor; and the irresistible decree that this shall
be maintained and that our national wrongs
shall in some way be atoned for or avenged
meetsnot a dissenting voice amid all the teem-
ing millions of our free people.
But, sir, happily as it seems to me, the indi-
cations are measureably clear that upon the sub-
ject ofgrievances amicable and satisfactory con-
clusions may be reached without the augmenta-
tion of additional bitterness and strife. Our
position is taken, and I apprehend we are not
misunderstood. We can wait for the payment
of the bond as long as her Majesty's Government
can permit her national affairs on this subject to
remain unsettled. She will not likely embark
upon any new and important enterprises ; she
will not likely propose to intermeddle materi-
ally with the affairs of other nations ; she will
not, perhaps, risk much on land or upon the
sea in a belligerent attitude with the great ques-
tions nowat issue between that Government and
ours unsettled.
We, on our part, have no desire to witness
the humiliation of the British Government, and
our sincere wish is to reach the settlement of
these questions on such a basis, if possible, as
shall preserve the honor of both and leave us
upon terms of permanent peace and friendship.
Wedesire, asl understand, tomakenodemands
not consonant with the strictest principles of
international jurisprudence. Though still suf-
fering on account of injuries resulting from
unfriendly interference, yet conscious of our
dignity and strength and the justice of our cause,
and proud of our past record and the splendor
of our recent triumphs in the absence of the
sympathy of those we had every reason to expect
would be our friends, we are prepared to ap-
proach all matters affecting our relationship
at home and abroad with calmness and com-
posure. And if we move right onward in the
path of the same wise and dignified policy which
has characterized us from the inception of our
Government, shortly I believe a most amicable
adjustment of all disputes in this direction will
be honorably agreed upon.
The time, too, is auspicious, as it seems to
me, for framing such definite understandings
between this country and Great Britain as
shall result in a permanent settlement of
doubtful questions touching the rights of neu-
trals ; and it is to be hoped that during the
pendency of the controversy between these
two great Powers such conclusions may be
reached as that complications contributing to
break up friendly relations between Powers
having so many stupendous interests in com-
mon cannot hereafter possibly arise to disturb
the public tranquillity, and that such broad,
liberal, and just measures ofinternationalpolity
shall be adopted as shall meet the approval
and become the rule of all civilized nations.
Such a result, sir, would be a public blessing
to mankind and add additional splendor to
these two great nationalites.
That such a consummation may be reached;
that no act of ours toward foreign States may
in the least complicate our affairs; that we may
husband our strength and the substance of our
people, and be in an attitude to lift from their
shoulders as speedily as possible the enormous
burdens imposed by a long and fierce conflict
waged for the life of the nation, is, sir, my
apology for obtruding these thoughts upon the '
consideration of this House. Conscious in the
mean time of their incoherency and very im-
perfectness, I nevertheless indulge the hope
that they may not be wholly without interest
to the country.
Contested Election.
SPEECH OE HON. C. C. BOWEN,
of south carolina,
In the House op Representatives,
January 27, 1870,
On the contested-election case of Wallace vs. Simp-
son, from the fourth congressional districtof South
Carolina.
Mr. BOWEN. Mr. Speaker, representing
as I do in part the State from which this case
arises, I feel a strong interest in the action
which shall be taken upon this question by this
House. Sir, it is a question for this House to
decide whether by their action to-day a pre-
mium shall be offered upon fraud, violence,
and intimidation in the election of Representa-
tives to the Congress of the United States. In
every relation and aspect in which it can be
viewed it is indeed of the utmost importance.
It is important not only to the Republican but
to the Democratic party, inasmuch as you value
the judgment which posterity shall pass upon
the proceedings of this day ; it is important to
our country as she estimates her character for
sound, dignified, and impartial justice in the eyes
of the j udging world. The little busy vortex that
whirls immediately around the scene of action
may consider these proceedings merely as
adjudicating and deciding the case between W.
D. Simpson and A. S. Wallace, and gaze upon
them as the only persons interested in the re-
sult of this contest. But, sir, this is a false and
mistaken view of the case. It is not merely
an adjudication between the contestants. It
is in reality a trial between W. D. Simpson,
who it is charged, with fraud, force, and vio-
lence, prevented a large portion of the people
of the fourth congressional district of South
Carolina from exercising their just and lawful
rights as citizens of the United States and voters
of South Carolina. It is a question between
W. D. Simpson and the United States as to
whether or not a fair election can be held by the
people.
Sir, the people are the parties who are the
most interested in a just and honest decision
of this case. The first object, then, for our
inquiry in this case is to ascertain with preci-
sion what are the real grounds and causes
alleged against W. D. Simpson, that he should
not be entitled to a seat as a member in this
House.
First, Mr. Speaker, it is charged that he, W.
D. Simpson, was a member of the General
Assembly of the State of South Carolina during
the years 1858 and 1859; that before taking
his seat as a member of that General Assembly
he took an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States; that in the year 1860 he
was a member of the General Assembly of the
State of South Carolina that called the conven-
tion to frame the ordinance of secession for that
State, and voted for the calling of said conven-
tion ; that in the year 1861 he voluntarily en-
tered the army of the confederate States with
the commission and rank of a major, and was
afterward made a lieutenant colonel, and that
he served in that capacity until the year 1863.
And at the time of receiving said commission
he took an oath to support the constitution
of the so-called confederate States ; that on
the 28th of January, 1864, he was commis-
sioned as a member of the confederate con-
gress from the fourth congressional district
of South Carolina, the same district which he
now seeks to represent in the Congress of the
