1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4855
the kind. We agreed the other day to appro-
priate $1,000,000 for fortifications, which we
might just us well have thrown into the Poto-
mac. I thought it outrageous. I wanted
$10,000 for a little "light-house at Ragged Point,
but 1 did not ask for it this session, because I
wanted to be able to say to the people that our
party was an economical party. 1 ask how it
is that $15,000 can be wanted for the furniture
of this building; or $10,000 for furniture for
the court-house in Portland; or $10,000 for
furniture for the court-house in Madison ; or
§10,000 for furniture for the custom-house in
Cairo? What, is the use of all this except to
pleasesomeofthosestuck-uppeople? [Laugh-
ter.] We profess to be a plain, republican
people, but I grieve to find that we are fast
running into all sorts of extravagance. Unless
a different course is pursued our party must
inevitably go down. And I say that it ought
to go down if they are not economical.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I know there
have been claims, on the part of Portland in
appropriation bills for some years. On the
4th July, 18156, that city was visited with a
most destructive fire, and all the public build-
ings were virtually destroyed. There was an
attempt made to save the public buildings,
and quite a large suin of money was appropri-
ated 1'or that purpose. But the attempt turned
out a failure, and the custom-house, which had
been erected at an expense of hundreds of
thousands of dollars, had to be taken down.
A new custom-house and post office had to be
erected, and they are now in course of com-
pletion.
Portland has become a,very important port
of entry. It has as many foreign entries now
as the port of Boston. It does a very large
foreign business, being the outlet of the Grand
Trunk railway from Canada. And the Gov-
ernment, from time to time, from a regard to
its own dignity and the importance of the busi-
ness at that port, have put into those public
buildings a very large amount of money. Tliey
now ask for §15,000 to furnish it. I may say
that the building contains the custom house
and tooius for other public offices. I have
been informed that what is here asked is not
an extravagant amount. Although my friend
on my right [Mr. Dawes] rebuked me a little
for saying so to the House, it is the truth that
the furniture and the fittings have been pur-
chased and placed in the building; and I have
received letters from time to time from the
parties who furnished the building asking when
the appropriation was to be made that they
might get their pay, and saying that the interest
they were losing is much more than the profit
they will derive on the atticles they have fur-
nished.
Mr. STEVENSON". Why was this furniture
purchased when the money was not appropri-
ated ?  
Mr. PETERS. It was because it was needed
before Congress could make the appropriation ;
and the purchase was made on the credit of
some of the prominent citizens there, given on
the assurance that Congress would grant what
was necessary and usual. The same thing has
been done in numeious other cases. This is
no exception. No doubt was entertained that
Congress would be willing at least to appro-
priate such a sum of money as the Committee
on Appropriations might say was economical !
and absolutely necessary to pay for the furniture j
and fittings of that splendid public building
which the Government have given to Portland.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PETEIIS. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman. who purchased the furniture?
Mr. PETERS. I do not exactly know. I
suppose that it was purchased by the collector,
or by somebody acting for liim; and we all know
what an economical gentleman he is
The
who li.id seals with Mr. Washburn ou thin
floor will remember him as a thoroughly honest
and careful public servant,. And [ am satisfied
that it will be found that not a dollar of money
has been improvidently spent in furnishing that
building, which has cost us from half a million
to a million dollars to erect.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to wait
for half an hour. There are reasons why we
should contimm in session a little longer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. McKexzie] by striking out §5,000 and
inserting $4,000. I understand that.it is not de-
nied that an appropriation was made in 18G9 of
$25,000 for furnishing these public buildings.
Now, we have but two public buildings in Port-
land, Maine, and here is au appropriation for
$15,000 for furniture for the custom-house, and
another appropriation of §10,000 ior furniture
for the court-house. It is proposed that we
shall appropriate the same amount that we
appropriated last year for this same purpose.
It seems to me, sir, that these appropriations
are too large, that there is something wrong or
extravagant in regaid to them, and 1 think that
unless the matter can be more fully explained
the amount ought to be reduced or the whole
appropriation voted down.
Mr. CALKIN. I oppose the amendment
of my colleague, for the purpose of saying a
word in behalf of the appropriation contained
in the biil. It was my privilege during the last
summer to visit the city of Portland while
engaged on the Committee investigating the
Causes of the Decline of American Commerce.
We visited this custom-house; and I wish to
say that it, was the most miserable looking and
poorly furnished public building I was ever in
in the United States. There was hardly a
decent chair to sit upon. I shall cheerfully
vote for an appropriation to furnish it, and
shall bo happy to record my vote in favor of
the appropriation as it stands in the biil.
Mr. DAWES. In the time of the gentleman
from New York, let me say that the former
appropriations were not for furniture, but for
fitting up. They had to change the old build-
ings, alter partitions, &c., in consequence of
fire, and that is what is called fitting up; but
these appropriations are for furniture.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. McKu.vziu's
amendment, and it was disagreed to—ayes
t\v eutj'-one, noes not counted.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I shall not
press my motion to strike out the paragraph,
as I perceive the House is adverse to it.
Mr. DAAVES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of line
three hundred and ten :
X^or construction of three riornianent ILsrhts on
Provictcnee river, Rhode Island, above iS.ibincs
Point, &20.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. REEVES. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend by inserting after line three hundred
and nineteen, and before line three hundred
and twenty, on page 11, the words:
For a lighted beacon on Long Beach bar, at the
entrance to laconic bay, eastern cad of Long Island,
SlT.OtiO.
For two consecutive years the Light-House
Board have recommended an appropriation for
this purpose, and the sum named in the amend-
ment is that fixed by The board after consult-
ation with the inspector in charge of the third
district, Commodore A. Ludlow Case, now
chief of Bureau of Ordnance in the Navy De-
partment. Hitherto, in almost every instance,
I have stood by the recommendations of the
Committee on Appropriations, having been con-
vinced that they were honestly endeavoring to
keep down expenditures in the interest ot" e-eon
oiny, without at the same time sacrificing effi-
ciency and utility in the public seryice; but I
am compelled to protest against their action
in this case as a clear depariure from t.he above
rule. There is neither efficiency nor economy
in refusing to follow this twice-repeated recom-
mendation from the Light-House Board, and I
am satisfied that if the committee had fully
appreciated the reasons that call for a light-
house on Long Beach bar they would not have
hesitated a moment. Those reasons relate to
both general and local commerce.
Long Beach bar is a spit of sand, covered
with a few feet of water, and running out into
the eastern part of Peconic bay near its
entrance. The main channel leading into the
bay, which is elsewhere ample in width and
depth of water, narrows and becomes crooked
opposite the end of this bar, up to which the
water shoals suddenly. By reason of its posi-
tion it commands the approach to the whole
upper bay, as in thick weather or on dark
nights vessels bound up the bay run great dan-
ger of stranding on the bar, which in fact some-
times happens even when they are guided by
pilots familiar with the locality. There is
nothing now to mark it but a common spar
buoy, which, by reason of the swiftness of the
tide, is often buried entirely or shows so little
surface above water as to be of no use what-
ever, while in winter it is not unfrequently
carried away by ice, and gone for weeks to-
gether. Now this bay, to which Long Beach
bar thus obstructs the entrance, is a large and
important sheet of water, washing the shores
of four towns, with a population of some twenty
thousand, and having a local tonnage of about
eleven thousand tons of shipping, owned at
various ports on the bay, ail of which has fre-
queut, and much of it constant, occasion to
pass up and down by the bar.
Moreover, on this bay, within a few years
past, an extensive and extending business lias
sprung up in connection with what is known
as the Menhaden fishery. Last year, for a
period of over six months, more than one hun-
dred vessels, ranging from ten to forty or fifty
tons burden, were engaged in prosecuting this
fishery on Peconic bay, giving employment to
over three hundred men and yielding prod nets
of oil and guano exceeding in value half a mil-
lion dollars, besides furnishing labor to one
hundred and fifty or more men at work in the
factories which render the fish. Here, then,
is a single interest which occupies for the best
part of the year nearly five hundred men, and
which produces a direct yearly value of over
five hundred thousand dollars. It urgently
needs the assistance I have pointed out, and,
in its name, I ask and implore of Congress the
small sum required to protect it from a dan-
ger to which it is daily exposed. The fleet of
fishing vessels, numbering last year over one
hundred, and still more this year, pass by this
exposed point almost every day, some of them
every day and several times a day, and if one
of them loaded with fish is belated until after
dark, when she gets up to the bar she must
pass it at the imminent risk of going ashore or
must anchor and remain until daylight, thus
sustaining loss of time and detriment to the
fish. If there were no other reasons than these
local ones for a light on Long Beach bar I
might properly appeal, as I now do, to the
committee to grant, this small boon to a most
deserving body of men whose toil adds so
largely lo the aggregate wealth of the country.
But there are equally strong considerations of
a geneial character, affecting outside com-
merce, which demand the attention of members.
The harbor of Greenport, which lies on the
bay a few miles above this bar, is in many
respects one of the best on the entire Atlantic
! sea-board, having excellent anchorage, suf-
! ficieut protection from gales, plenty of space,
and a depth of water that would admit the
Great Eastern to discharge cargo at the head
of its main wharf. Nothing but the conform-
ation of the island, here only a mile wide, and
