1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3911
got here in this District, as I have already said,
twelve police justices who are doing that, and
binding parties over to the supreme court.
These justices of the peace are all abolished
by this bill. One justice will hold this court.
The other justice will be out of court, or in
chambers, if you please, hearing the prelimin-
ary examinations. I do not see how it is pos-
sible when you take away all the jurisdiction
from the justices of the peace—and I am very
sure too many of them here are incompetent—
and put that jurisdiction into this court, to get
along with less than two judges.
1 wish to say also that this is a bill for the
District. It is prepared by the people of the
District. They pay the expense; and they
have considered it as well as the committee;
and they are all of the opinion that it is wiser
and better and cheaper that there should be
two judges. Indeed, one cannot do the work
if you take away the jurisdiction from the jus-
tices of the peace, as this bill proposes.
Mr. BOREMAN. I did not propose to offer
any amendment at all; I simply wished to un-
derstand how this matter stood. I know that
in a city in my own State, much smaller how-
ever than this, they have but one court which
tries all these smaller offenses, and they have
no subordinate officers for examining into eases
of this character. The explanation of the
Senator, however, is satisfactory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further amendments offered, the question is on
concurring in the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and-the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
district notaries public.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 571, concerning notaries public in
the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me say to the Senate
that the original bill which was presented to
the Committee on the District of Columbia is
a transcript of the existing law, repeating the
powers and duties of the notaries public,
and——■
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator will now
call up the bill in regard to the government of
the District.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wanted to dispose of two
or three little bills first. I assure the Senator
that I will call it up in the course of the even-
ing. There are two or three bills which 1 sup-
posed would lead to no discussion, and I wanted
to get them out of the way. I assure the Sen-
ator I will keep the best of faith with him. The
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] suggests
that he desires to offer an amendment to this
bill in regard to the notaries public; and I
ask that it be passed over for the present.
The VICEPRES1DENT. It will be passed
over, if there be no objection.
national junction railway.
Mr, HAMLIN. I now move that the Senate
take up House bill No. 572, to amend an act
incorporating the National Junction Railway
Company.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill. It proposes to amend
-the second section of an act to incorporate
the National Junction Kailroad Company, ap-
proved March 29, 1869, so as to authorize and
empower that corporation to survey, locate, lay
out, construct, collect tolls upon, maintain, and
enjoy a railroad line, with appurtenances and
machinery necessary for one or more tracks,
within the District of Columbia, either upon
the* route specified in that section or in the
following manner : commencing at the north-
era terminus of the aqueduct bridge, in the city
of Georgetown ; thence in an easterly or north-
easterly direction, by the most feasible route}
to Rock creek; thence along the creek, or par-
allel thereto, to its junction with the Potomac
river; thence along the river bank, or parallel
thereto, to the foot of Twenty- sixth street in
Washington city ; thence on the south side of
the Chesapeake and Ohio canal to its terminus;
thence by the most direct and eligible route,
avoiding the public grounds, to the intersec-
tion of Virginia avenue and South Capitol
street, conforming to the grade of such streets
and avenues as the road may pass over; thence
to the eastern branch of the Potomac river, at
or near the navy-yard, at a point to be indi-
cated by the Secretary of the Navy; together
with a branch road from the main line, com-
mencing at the intersection of Virginia and Del-
awareavenues; thence to apointon Firststreet
east, on city grade ; thence under that street,
by an underground excavation or tunnel, to a
junction of the Metropolitan and Washington
branch of the Baltimore and Ohio railroads.
Also the privilege of location and construc-
tion of a union depot on the main line of the
road ; the power to condemn ground for the
location of the same, granted in the seventh
section of that act, being restricted to two acres
in area. Also a depot at some convenient point
in Georgetown near the aqueduct. Whenever
the railroad shall cross the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal, or the Washington canal, or branches or
connections of either of them, such bridges are
to be constructed by the railroad company as
shall not impede or obstruct the navigation of
the canals oreither of their branches.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the bill
in the first section, nineteenth line, by inserting
after the word "route" the words " southerly
of and;" so that the clause will read, ''Thence
by the most direct and eligible route southerly
of and avoiding the public grounds."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend the bill by
adding as an additional section the following :
And be it further enacted, That the right_ of way
hereby granted shall be so located as to coincide with
the grade of any railroad to which the right of way
has heretofore been granted.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
ciiullcii property and corporations.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now ask the Senate to
resume the consideration of the bill (II. It.
No. 2005) exempting from taxes certain prop-
erty in the District of Columbia, and to amend
the act to provide for the creation of corpor-
ations in the District of Columbia by general
law, which was passed overearly in the evening.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Vickers, to
insert the word " parsonages " after the word
" churches" in the third line of the first sec-
tion.
Mr. HAMLIN. There are several Senators
now present who were not present when this
bill was taken up before, and I wish to say
that it exempts churches and school-houses
and appurtenant grounds from taxation. ^ The
bill, as presented to the Senate committee,
also included parsonages, and the Senate com-
mittee were in favor of exempting parsonages
also : but the same bill was submitted to the
House committtee, and they have amended
it and stricken out parsonages," and the bill
conies to us in that shape. The District Com-
mittee of the Senate, in considering it, deemed
it wise to take the House bill as they had acted
upon it and had stricken out the word par-
sonages." That is the whole case. I was and
am in favor of exempting parsonages, and I
think they are a part of the churches; but inas-
much as the House had stricken them out I
thought we had better take the House bill, and
I think so now.
Mr. FOWLER. Let me ask the Senator,
if we pass Senate bill No. 594 will it not
obviate the necessity for a great deal of thir
legislation ?
Mr. HAMLIN. "It might; but then this
bill will take but a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mob-
rill, of Maine, in the chair.) The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. VICKERS. The churches are now ex-
empt from taxation aud there is no necessity
to include them in this bill; but inasmuch as
they are exempted, I think parsonages should
also be included. They are a part of the
churches. Whether they would be included
in the general term "property appurtenant
thereto" I do not know.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator is certainly
mistaken; the churches are not now exempt.
Mr. VICKERS. I was told so by one of the
trustees of a church in the city. He said it
was unnecessary to include churches because
they were already exempt from taxation. That
is all I know about it.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator is partly right.
The city authorities formerly taxed them. They
taxed a part and they let a part go. The city
authorities have exempted them from taxation ;
but there has been no law of Congress exempt-
ing them. If Congress passes such a law it
takes away the authority from the city govern-
ment and they cannot tax them hereafter, and
the exemption becomes permanent.
Mr. VICKERS. That may be so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
" noes" appeared to have it-
Mr. VICKERS. I ask for a division.
The question being put, on a division, two
Senators rose in the affirmative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator demand a further count?
Mr. VICKERS. No, sir. I do not think
there is a quorum present, but I will not press
the amendment any further.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is one amendment
which I will propose to this bill, and 1 will state
to the Senate in a word what it is. Wc have
passed a bill authorizing the creation of cor-
porations in the District. I thought it was
guarded when we passed it. I thought it was
not broad enough in its terms, and yet to be
careful and not overstep the bounds we took
the bill that was reported in the House and
passed there and passed it in the Senate, and
that bill provides—I am now reading a part of
the bill as it passed—
"That no corporation established a? aforesaid shall
be allowed to hold more land at any one time than
shall be necessary tor the purposo of education, as
set forth in its artielesof association, unless the cor-
poration shall have received the same by gift, grant,
or devise, and in such ease the corporation shall be
required to sell and dispose of the same within ten
years."
Now this case has arisen 
Mr. HOWARD. Is there no limit as to the
amount and value of the real estate which
those corporations are allowed to hold?
Mr. HAMLIN. The clause I am reading
relates to institutions of learning.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, no matter what they
are.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; that which is
necessary for the schools without limitation.
Mr. HOWARD. Who is to judge of it?
They arc to judge them*
Then they can hold to any
Not quite so; because it
Mr. HAMLIN,
selves.
Mr. HOWARD,
amount.
Mr. HAMLIN.
says 
Mr. HOWARD.
iu.1. It is usual-ill such char-
ters to fix a limit in point dt value beytnitl
