1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2967
done, and a motion instantaneously made for
the House to adjourn. I attempted to persuade
the few gentlemen who were here to remain, say-
ing ihat members were coming in; at any rate
to wait ten minutes. But the adjournment took
place at once, so that the credit to be given to
any member, if any, should be a limited
amount.
Mr. DAWES. I now move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawks] that owing to a misapprehension of
the Chair the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] who offered the resolution was
deprived of saying anything upon it.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw my motion
to lay on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was very much sur-
prised when the floor was assigned to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
because I had intended to hold the floor for a
few remarks and then call the previous ques-
tion. I think the reason given by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] for his absence
is full and complete. Although he does not
ask to be excused, I suppose this House is not
going to set the ridiculous precedent before
the country of fining for non-attendance a
member who was sick in his bed. Although
the gentleman has too much pride, too much
spirit, and too much feeling to ask this House
to excuse him, I for one do not wish to impose
a fine upon him when he has announced to
the House that he was sick in bed at home.
Though he may feel some indignation that
when he was here on Thursday night no quo-
rum was in attendance, and although he may
feel that to have his name published as an
absentee on Friday evening is an occasion for
indignation, there is no reason why we should
stultify ourselves by imposing a fine upon him
for absence at a time when he lay at home sick
abed. I hope, therefore, the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will not insist
upon his motion to lay the resolution on the
table. I know that the gentleman from Ohio
has been very constant in his attendance upon
the sessions of the House, and I know also 
Mr. SCHENCK. -If the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him, I wish to ask whether my
colleague [Mr. Morgan] stated that he was
sick on Friday evening?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. He says he was sick in
bed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I think he ought to
be excused.
Mr. MORGAN. I was sick in bed at seven
o'clock on that evening, but I am content to
stand with other gentlemen. I do not ask to
be excused.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The fact that the gen-
tleman, in hi3 pride or spirit, does not ask the
House to excuse him is no reason why the
House should inflict a fine upon him for ab-
sence occasioned by the act of God in confin-
ing him to his bed with sickness.
I wish to say one word further, and then I
will call the previous question.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me a moment before calling the pre-
vious question?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to move
an amendment to the resolution so as to pro-
vide that all fines be remitted, and that further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
I think this matter has gone far enough; that
the absentees are sufficiently punished by hav-
ing their names published in the Globe. It is
an unheard-of proceeding during my experi-
ence in Congress to collect any fines imposed
in this way. We cannot act in this matter so
as to do justice.
Mr. DAWES. I call the gentleman to order.
I thought I had the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] holds the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is out of order.
I am on the floor by permission of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin.
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not know how the
gentleman from Wisconsin got tho floor away
from me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Some members who
were here on Friday night happened to get in
just upon the eve of the closing of the doors,
thus escaping by only a few m oments from being
counted as absentees, while others included
among the absentees were within perhaps ten
feet of the door when it was closed. Under
these circumstances it is impossible for us to
apply any rule which will operate justly.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I rise to a point
of order. I submit that the gentleman is not
discussing the pending resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am discussing my
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware
of any amendment pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I had moved to
amend the resolution so as to remit all fines
which have been imposed, and to suspend fur-
ther proceedings under the call.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be enter-
tained as an amendment to the pending res-
olution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Chair did not
inform me of that in time, or I might have
been saved the trouble of making these remarks.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Strader.]
Mr. STRADER. As I was one of the ab-
sentees on Friday night, I wish to remark that
I was at that time saying good bye to some of
our friends of the Ohio legislative delegation
who had been enjoying themselves here in
Washington. 1 do not ask to be excused.
Mr. COX. I think the gentleman ought to
6ZCU86(i
Mr. ELDRIDGE. As I have promised, I
will make but a single additional remark before
calling the previous question. I know it is the
fact that among the gentlemen who were fined
here on Friday night were some whose attend-
ance has been as constant as that of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] or any other
gentleman on this floor, but I am not aware
that they are asking to have their fines remitted,
or that it is necessary to embrace their cases in
this resolution. Here is a clear case, in which
a gentleman was confined to his room by ill-
ness, and this House, 1 submit, would stultify
itself if it should impose a fine on him. There
are many gentlemen who like the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Knott] have been faithful
in their attendance, and yet have had fines im-
posed upon them. But I do not ask to have
their cases embraced in the resolution, although
I was one of the persons fined for non-attend-
ance on Friday evening. I now demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof Mr. Eldridge's motion was
agreed to.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I move that Mr.
McCrary be excused.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Iowa has paid his fine.
Mr. STRICKLAND. What has that to do
with the question of excusing him?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that Mr. Stra-
der be excused.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order,
whether, under the resolution of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] it is competent to
make any motion to excuse a member unless it
is founded on some good excuse offered by the
member himself?
The SPEAKER. The literal readingof the
resolution might bear such a construction, but
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] who
offered the resolution followed its adoption
immediately by moving to excuse a member
who did not make any application himself to
be excused.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a privileged question,
to move that I also be excused.
The SPEAKER. A motion is now pending
to excuse Mr. Strader.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
say, as we all know, that the Legislature of
Ohio was here on a visit to this city; they were
, tendered admission to this Hall; they were re-
ceived as guests of this city, and finally, when
they came to depart, my colleague went to the
depot to see them off. In doing so I think he
was in the performance of a public duty just as
my colleague, the chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee, was the day before ingoing
to Mount Vernon.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr.* Speaker, it was not my
purpose to offer any excuse for my absence on
Friday evening, but the gentleman from Illi-
nois, the gentleman from Ohio, and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts having been excused,
I think I have as good reason for asking to be
excused as those gentlemen. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] says that he
was in the House on Thursday evening at the
time the House adjourned.
Mr. DAWES. I was not in the Hall, but I
: was in the Capitol.
! Mr. LYNCH. That was precisely my case
I on Friday evening, and the gentleman from
| Massachusetts and others having been excused
: by the House I have been encouraged to ask
I that I also shall be excused.
I Mr. DAWES. They have not excused me.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman offered an
excuse for not being here on Thursday even-
ing. Now, Mr. Speaker, during the time I
have been a member here I have never before
been absent during a call of the House. I
have very often been present when I would
gladly have paid the fine to have been allowed
to be absent. On the present occasion I was
detained by the call of a constituent of mine,
on my way to the House, intending to be here;
but was delayed a half or three quarters of an
hour. When I arrived here the doors were
closed, and I could not gain admittance; but
! I understood the gentleman from Massachu-
| setts, [Mr. Dawes,] on account of whose ab-
| sence the House adjourned the night previous,
was sitting as judge here, and the gentleman
from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, who was absent on a pleasure
excursion the day before, was acting as prose-
cuting attorney in arraigning members.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is not true.
Mr. LYNCH. Seeingthatlcouldnotgainad-
mission here, I retired to the committee-room,
and went to work upon matters I had iu hand,
holding myself in readiness, at any time when
there was a disposition to proceed to business,
to come here and attend to it; but as the even-
ing was given up as usual, when there is a call
of the House, to amusement, I felt that my time
could be better occupied, and my constituents
better served by the work I had in hand and
was then performing. A word in regard to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, who seems to be somewhat sensitive
because of my allusion to him. I know that if
the House had been for any length of time in
session on Thursday evening he would have
been present at his post, as he always is, urging
that business be proceeded with.
I Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him, as he again refers to me?
I was absent, as I have said, on Thursday; and
had there been a call of the House that night
I should have paid my fine, for I bad no suffi-
cient excuse; and I would not have whined
about it. That is my position, and I have never
taken any other.
Mr. LYNCH. I have no doubt that the gen-
