66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. of Reps
Contested Election—Mr. Bowen.
41st Cong.,..2d Sess.
United Stales; and here, Mr. Speaker, it may
be added, voted for by the same people who
elected him to the confederate congress in 1864 j
that as an officer of the confederate army
lie engaged in open insurrection and rebellion
against the Government of the United States;
that as a member of the confederate congress
he gave aid and comfort to the enemies thereof,
and that he was disqualified by the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States from hold-
ing any office of trust or profit, either State or
Federal, at the time he was voted for as a can-
didate for Congress from the fourth congres-
sional district of South Carolina on the 3d day
of November, 1868.
That this disqualification was known to the
electors of that district no one will for a mo-
ment deny, many of whom served with him in
the confederate army; and nearly all who sap-
ported him in November, 1868, had on two
separate previous occasions voted for him to
represent them in the congress of the confed-
erate States.
_ These, Mr. Speaker, are some of the allega-
tions made and given as reasons why W. D.
Simpson should not be allowed a seat in this
Congress. All of these allegations are admit-
ted by Mr. Simpson to be true. He says he
was a member of the General Assembly of
South Carolina in the years 1858, 1859, 1860,
firsfr of the lower house and lastly of the
Senate; that he took the oath to support the
Constitution of the United States; that he
voted for the call of the convention which
passed the ordinance of secession; that he
voluntarily entered the army of the confeder-
ate States of America; that he held in that
army at different times the commissions of
major and lieutenant-colonel; that he took an
oath to support the constitution of the confed-
erate States ; that he continued in said army
until the close of the year 186S, when he was
elected to the confederate Congress, first to
fill an unexpired term, afterward for a full
term, and that he continued as said member
until thecloseof the war; that while an officer
he did engage in war against the Government
of the United States; and as a member of the
confederate Congress did all that he could to
advance the cause iu which he was engaged.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us inquire as to what
are the facts concerning this case, and having
ascertained them, then let us apply the law as
a test. Sir, on the 8d day of November, 1868,
an election was held in the fourth district of
South Carolina, comprising the counties of
Fairfield, Chester, York, Spartanburgh, Union,
Laurens, Greenville, Pickens, and Oconee.
That W. D. Simpson was the candidate of the
Democratic party, and A. S. Wallace, the con-
testant in this case, was the candidate of the
liepublicans; that through threats, fraud, vio-
lence, and intimidation on and before the day
of election, by which, according to the last regis-
tration returns from that district, 7,300 .Re-
publican voters were excluded from the polls
and kept from exercising their rights and priv-
ileges guarantied them by the Constitution and
laws of the United States and of South Caro-
lina, thus giving to Simpson 14,098 votes and
to "Wallace only 9,807 votes, when he should
and would have had, upon a fair expression of
the people's free will, over 17,000, which would
have given him a majority over Simpson of at
least 3,000 votes.
Sir, these are the facts of the case ; and the
reading of the testimony, were this case put
upon its merits, would convince you and this
House that the most high-handed outrages were
committed upon the newly enfranchised voters
ot the fourth district that were ever perpetrated
upon any people upon the face of the earth.
They cry for peace, peace, peace ; but, alas !
there is no peace.
But, Mr. Speaker, as this is only a question
of prima facie right to a seat, and having
already shown that W. D. Simpson is and was
disqualified at the time of the election, by.the
third section of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, which says
that "no person shall be a Senator or Repre-
sentative in Congress, or elector of President
and Vice.President, or hold any office, civil or
military, under the United States or under any
State, who, having previously taken an oath as
a member of Congress, or as an officer of the
United States, or as a member of any State
Legislature, or as an executive or judicial offi;
eer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the same, or
given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof;"
bht Congress may, by a vote of two thirds of
each House, remove such disability. There
being no record in this case showing that Con-
gress has ever removed the political disabilities
ofW. D. Simpson, he stands to-day disqualified
from holding the office to which he claims to be
elected. Then let us proceed to consider the
law.
Sir, I contend that Mr. A. S. Wallace was the
only legal candidate for member of Congress
from the fourth congressional district of South
Carolina for the suffrages of the electors of that
district at the election on the 3d of November,
1868, and that he is entitled to his seat in this
Congress from that district by virtue of having
received a majority of the legal votes cast at
that election.
First, I have already shown that W. D. Simp-
son was ineligible under the third section of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, and consequently under
the act of Congress of July 2, 1862, prescrib-
ing the oath of office.
And now the second proposition is: had the
electors of the fourth district of South Caro-
lina notice or good reason to believe him inel-
igible when they cast their votes? And, third,
if the first and second propositions are estab-
lished, is not A. S. Wallace, who received the
next highest number of votes, entitled to his
seat? In support of the first proposition, Mr.
Simpson admits that he was a member of the
General Assembly of South Carolina iu the
years 1858,1859, and I860, and as such took an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States ; that he voted for the call of the con-
vention which passed the ordinance of seces-
sion ; that he voluntarily entered the army of
the confederate States, and in that army held
the rank of major and lieutenant colonel; that
while holding such positions in the army he
took an oath to support the constitution of the
confederate States, and that he remained in
that army until the close of 1863, when he was
elected to the confederate congress, where he
remained during the continuance of the war;
that he was engaged in open war against the
Government of the United States, and did all
he could to advance the confederate cause.
The establishment of the second proposition
is reduced to the fact that he is and was a res-
ident in 1858, 1859, and 1860, of the same
district wliich elected him to the General As-
sembly of South Carolina, afterward to the
congress of the confederate States, and from
which he now claims to be elected to the Con-
gress of the United States. Many of the elect-
ors of that district served with him when he
was an officer in the confederate army, and a
majority of those who voted for him in Novem-
ber, 1868, to represent them in the Congress
of the United States, had during the war on
two occasions voted for him to represent them
in the congress of the confederate States. The
disqualifying section of the fourteenth amend-
ment, which in itself was not only notice to the
voters of the fourth congressional district but
to the people of the whole United States, pre-
cludes any plea of want of notice, if, indeed,
any had been made.
Therefore it only remains to establish the
third proposition, which is purely a question
of law. In supportof this I submit to this House
the following points, namely:
First. If W. D. Simpson was ineligible, and
the voters knew it, all votes cast for him were
thrown away; and
Second. The election was void so far as it
affected Simpson.
Third. That A. S. Wallace having received
the highest number of legal votes, is therefore
duly elected, and the electors who voted for
Simpson are to be presumed as having con-
sented to the election of Wallace, as they vol-
untarily threw away their votes.
If the first two questions of fact are estab-
lished by the proofj namely, that he was ineli-
gible to hold the office to which he claims to
have been elected, and that the electors had
sufficient notice of his ineligibility to said
office, and the law and authorities which I
shall introduce sustains the third proposition,
I shall contend that A. S. Wallace is entitled
to the seat.
In support of the doctrine that when a can-
didate is ineligible at the time he is voted for all
votes given for him are illegal and absolutely
void, and that the next highestcandidatewhois
eligible is entitled to the seat or to the office,
in all cases where the electors had notice of
the eligibility or disqualification of a candidate,
the following authorities are relied upon.
Hayward on County Elections, page 535, on
this subject says:
" It must be remembered, however, that in case a
candidate laboring under disabilities should be
returned, the election will be avoided on petition,
and that if before the election comes on, or a majority
has polled, sufficient notice has been publicly given of
his disability, the unsuccessful candidate next to him
on the poll must ultimately be tlie sitting member."
Also, Roe on Elections, page 256:
, "If there be no other candidate than the person
incapacitated the election will necessarily be void;
but if besides such incapacitated person there be also
one or more candidates it is a very important ques-
tion whether in consequence of the incapacity of tko
former the electors are to he called upon to recon-
sider their choice, or whether they are to be repre-
sented by the second in number upon the poll, he in
reality being regarded the first, by reason of the
nullity of the franchise given to the other candidate.
It wili be seen that the latter proposition is that
which constitutes the la-win oases wheremisapplica-
tion of the franchise by the electors was willful, and
therefore made in their own wrong."
Also, Male on Elections, page 336 :
. "If the election is_ made of a person or persons
ineligible, such election is void either in toto or of
one only, according as the ineligibility applies to nil
or one only, where that ineligibility is clear and
pointed out to the electors at the poll. It has been
held that the votes given to such ineligible candi-
date, after notice, are thrown away and a competi-
tor, though chosen bythestnallernumberof electors,
has in such ease been held duly elected. But such
ineligibility ought to be clear and grounded upon
some known and settled rule of law. The same doc-
trine holds at law in the election to offices in which,
after notice of the ineligibility of any particular
candidate, the votes given to him are held to he
thrown away."
Also, Rogers on Elections, pages 221-2: Lord
Bllenbc^ough, in pronouncing the judgment
of the court of the King's bench, which judg-
ment was affirmed upon appeal to the House
of Lords, (2 Dow, p. 124,) in case of The Iting
vs. Hawkins, (10 East., 211,) said:
"The general proposition that votes given for a
candidate, after notice of his ineligibility, are to be
considered the game as if the persons had not voted at
all, is supported in the cases of the Queen  «. Bos-
cawen, (E.T.13 Anno,) King es. Withers, (B. T. 8, G.
2,) Taylor m. Mayor of Bath, and King es. Monday.
In the first, Boscawen and Roberts, the two candi-
dates, had an equal number of votes, but because
Boscawen was incapable the votes given for him were
considered as thrown away and theother duly elected.
In the second case, Withers had five votes out ot
eleven, and the other six refusing to vote at all, the
court held withers duly elected, and that the six who
refused to vote were virtually consenting to the elec-
tion of Withers. In the third case, Taylor, Big£- , and
Kingston were the candidates. Biggs was objected
to as a disqualified person; notwithstanding which
Biggs had fourteen votes, Taylor thirteen, and King-
ston only one. Then Lord Chief Justice Lee, at nisi
pri%t8, directed the jury if they were satisfied that
