3912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
which they shall not possess and hold real
estate. That is the case in my own State, and
I think it is the ease in other States.
Mr. BAYAIiD. That is to keep it out of
mortmain.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will not offer the amend-
ment. Let it go.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT NOTARIES PUBLIC.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now, I ask the Senate to
consider one more bill, and then I shall call up
the bill to which the Senator from Kentucky
has referred. I move to take up the bill (S
No. 571) concerning notaries public for the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me state to the Senate
that the bill, as referred to the District Com-
mittee, is a transcript of the existing law. It
defines the duties of the notaries public and
specifies their fees, and then provides for an
increase of ten. The committee thought that
entirely unnecessary, and they move to strike
out the whole bill and simply to insert this :
That appointments of notaries public in the Dis-
triot of Columbia, by the supreme court thereof,
may be made to a number not exceeding thirty-five,
instead of twenty-five, as provided in section ono of
an act entitled "An act concerning notaries publio
for the District of Columbia," approved April 8,1864.
That amendment will give an increase of eight.
It is said that more than the number of eight
of the existing notaries public who are in com-
mission are not in active business; that they are
old and away, and there are certain localities
where a notary is very convenient. He is a
handy officer. It is a little distribution of the
duties, and the only objection I ever heard from
anybody was from the existing notaries, who
are not willing to have any more, as it would
take some of their fees away. I believe that
is the whole case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thebill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HOWE. I have been advised that there
is no necessity for the appointment of any more
notaries public; and at the time it seemed to
me that twenty-live must be enough to do the
business of this city. In 1864 that was the
judgment of Congress. The power of appoint-
ing notaries public had been abused. Any
body who asked for an appointment could have
one._ The consequencc was that nobody felt
any interest in keeping an office or holding
himself ready to do the public business. It
was then thought best to limit the number to'
twenty-five. That act was passed; but the act
provided, of course, not for turning out any
who held a commission at that time, but that
there should be no more appointed until the
number was reduced to twenty-five; and then,
as vacancies occured, they might be filled by
appointment by the supreme court of the Dis-
trict. Now, the number is not yet reduced to
twenty-five. The Senator from Maine just now
stated that there were a number of notaries
public who were not in the exercise of their
duties, not in good running order, as my col-
league happily suggests. If there are such,
undoubtedly they would resign upon an invi-
tation, and then " they would be reduced to
twenty-five, and additional appointments could
be made; but the fact that these resignations
are not tendered seems to me to be pretty con-
clusive that they are willing to run if they had
any business to do, if they'had anywhere to
go. _ That fact seems to me to be pretty con-
elusive, that instead of having too few we have
too many.
The Senator says there are some localities
in the city where they have not enough, notaries.
You cannot by law confine a notary to keep
an office in any particular place. He will keep
an office where there is business to be done.
That is very sure. The whole community is
here in a very small space. I think it is very
hard upon those who have offices and really
want to do some business, and are willing to
do some and accommodate the public, to bury
them under a multitude of appointments; and
therefore I am inclined to move the indefinite
postponement of the bill. I hope the Senator
from Maine will agree to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Maine, in the chair.) The Senator from
Wisconsin moves the indefinite postponement
ofthebilh *
/ The motion was agreed to.
^ district territorial government.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
594, to provide a government for the District
of Columbia. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section one, line five, to strike out the word
"territorial" before "government;" so as to
read "created into a government by the name
of the District of Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIAMLIN. The next amendment is a
new section, which gives to the Governor, in the
precise language of the Constitution, the veto
power.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Cleric. The committee report
to insert the following as section three:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That every bill
which shall have passed the council and house of
representatives, shall, before it becomes a law, be
presented to tho Governor of the District of Colum-
bia; if he approve, ho shall sign it; but if not, he
shall return it. with his objections, to tho house in
which it shall havo originated, who shall enter the
objections at lar^e on their journal, and proceed to
reconsider it. If, after such reconsideration, two
thirds of the house shall agree to pass the bill, it
shall be sont, together with tho objections, to the
other house, by which it shall likewise bo reconsid-
erod; and if approved by two thirds of that house,
it shall become a law. But in all such cases tho
votes of both houses shall bo determined by yeas
and nays, and the names of the persons voting for
and against the bill shall be entered on tho journal
of each house respectively. If any bill shall not be
returned by the Governor within ten days, (Sundays
excepted,) after it shall have been presented to him,
the same shall be a law in like manner as if he had
signed it, unless tho Legislature by their adjourn-
ment prevent its return, in which case it shall not
be a law.
Mn DAVIS. I move to amend that section
by striking out 11 two thirds " and inserting in
lieu thereof "a majority of all the members
of both houses " in the proper place.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no objection to that
amendment. If we require a majority of the
whole, it is about equal to two thirds of those
who might act. I have no objection to the
amendment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The Senator from Kentucky
moves to amend the amendmentin line eleven,
by striking out the words "two thirds" and in-
serting "a majority of all the members elected
to that house."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I prefer
the two thirds.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not willing to give so
extensive a power as a power equivalent to two
thirds of both houses of this Legislature to the
Governor. I do not think there is any sufficient
analogy between his position and that of the
President of the United States which should
require the same principle to apply. It con-
forms in principle to every State constitution,
I think, that a majority of all the members
shall be required.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Not at all ;
the State of Maryland requires two thirds.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
theDistrictof Columbia was in section [three]
four, line thirteen, to strike out "two,'' and
insert " four;" so as to read, " four copies of
the laws to the President of the Senate and to
the Speaker of the House of Representatives.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line sixteen, after the word "resignation "
to insert "inability."
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to change that
word to "disability."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made, and the question is on
the amendment as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to make the same
change in line nineteen, to change the word
"inability" to "disability."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The Chair hears no objection, and the amend-
ment is agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in the same section, line twenty-nine, to strike
out the word "or " and insert " and." #
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section [four] five, line five, to strike out the
word " general" before " election."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [five]
six, line five, to strike out " thirteen " before
"members" and insert "eleven;" so as to
read:
The council shall consist of eleven members, hav-
ing the qualification of voters as hereinafter pre-
scribed, whose term of office shall continue two
years.
.The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [five]
six, line eight, to strike out " twenty-six " and
insert " twenty-two ;" so as to read :
The House of Representatives shall consist of
twenty-two members, possessing the same qualifica-
tions as prescribed for members of the council.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me the number
ought to be much larger. I would rather put
it at three times the number of the council
than to make it less.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is large enough.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve of
section [five] six, to strike out "thirteen"
and insert "eleven;" and in line thirteen to
strike out "twenty-six" and insert "twenty-
two so as to read:
An apportionment shall bo made as nearly as
practicable into eleven districts for the election of
the council, and into twenty-two districts for rep-
resentatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-eight
of the same section, to insert after the word
"meet" the words "on the first Monday in
November"annually;" and in line thirty-nine,
after the word "place" to strike out "and
on such day;" so as to read :
And the persons thus elected to the legislative
assembly shall meet on the first Monday in Novem-
ber at sueh place as the G-overnor shall appoint.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Ihe next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line forty-three, after the word u law"
to strike out " as well as the day of the com-
mencement of the regular sessions of thelegis*
lative assembly; provided, that," and to insert
the word and j" so as to read :
Thereafter the time, place, and manner of holding
ail elections by the people, and theformation of the
districts lor members of tn& council and house of
representatives, shall be prescribed by law, and no
