1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
miles square and inhabitants not over three
thousand additional compensation was permit-
ted not exceeding four dollars for fifty names,
and where forty miles square and only three
thousand people, six dollars for fifty names.
In 1889 two dollars per hundred names in
the country, and for the first three thousand in
cities, and two dollars for each three hundred
above three thousand. In sparse regions further
allowance not exceeding $2 50 for fifty names
was permitted. The same rates as in 1880
were provided for counties and parishes twenty
and forty miles square with only three thousand
inhabitants.
In 1850 the compensation was "after the
rate of two cents for each person enumerated
and ten cents a mile for necessary travel, to be
ascertained by multiplying the square root of
the number of dwelling-houseB in the division
by the square root of the number of square
miles in each division, and the product shall be
taken as the number of miles traveled for all
purposes in taking this census.'' This measure
of compensation may be more simply stated
thus: ten times the square root of area and of
number of dwellings multiplied by each other.
In addition ten cents for each farm was allowed
and fifteen cents for each establishment of pro-
ductive industry. For social statistics two per
cent, of amount allowed for enumeration of
inhabitants, and two cents for each name of a
deceased person was prescribed.
For cost in 1860 vide preliminary report.
In 1860 the number of marshals employed
was 64; assistants, 4,417. Amount paid these
officers, as per preliminary report, 1860, $1,-
045,206 75; suspended accounts from disloyal
sources, $247,000; total cost, $1,292,206 75.
7. Apportionment of members of the House
of Representatives was never until 1850 in-
cluded in a census act"; nor did Congress until
1850 ever fix by law the number of members
of which the House should consist.
Six successive acts at intervals of about ten
years fixed the number of constituents who
should be entitled to a Representative, and left
the result to arithmetic. In 1792 and 1802 the
ratio of representation was 33,000; in 1811,
35,000; in 1822, 40,000 ; in 1832, 47,700 ; in
1842, 70,680.
In 1850, by section twenty-five of the eensus
act, the number of Representatives was fixed
at 233 and the Secretary of the Interior was
directed'to distribute them.
On July 80,1852, a separate act was deemed
necessary to effect the apportionment.
In 1862, in an act by itself, the number of Rep-
resentatives was fixed at 241; eight more—
being one for Pennsylvania, Ohio, Kentucky,
Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota,Vermont, and Rhode
Island.
These results and collations from the legis-
lation of the past may spare Senators some
research.
It is not my purpose, Mr. President, to assail
the House bill for the sake of assailing it; far
from it. The bill was accepted, if not prepared,
by those whose judgment is entitled to consid-
eration and respect. I will not treat the bill
disrespectfully. It is, however, the antagonist
or the alternative of the views of the commit-
tee, and its innovations are of such character
and extent that to authorize them now would
not, in the judgment of the committee, be dis-
fereet or excusable.
The reasons for this-conclusion; in part at
least, will be expected by the Senate.
The House bill, discarding marshals altd-
gether, proposes a new body of officials through-
out. In each congressional district and in each
Territory it is proposed to appoint a superin-
tendent of the census. Of congressional dis-
tricts and Territories there are, say, two hun-
dred and fifty. The district superintendents
are to be appointed within thirty days, which
in practice means at once upon the bill becom-
ing a law, and they are to hold office at all
events until the 1st of September. The con-
tinuance of these officers will reach September,
even if every installment of the work is done
in the time prescribed, which we are forbidden
by reason and experience to expect. The
month fixed as the time in which the enumer-
ation shall be made will prove inadequate, and
a prolonged term of office will result to the
district superintendents, carrying their exit
beyond the 1st of September. Let me, how- :
ever, assume the 1st of September astheendof !
the term. There would be, then, seven months, j
or, say, two hundred days of compensation.
The salary being eight dollars a day, this item !
of cost would amount to $400,000. Section :
four gives four dollars a day as clerk hire,
which would result in a total not less than \
five or six hundred thousand dollars. i
The duty thus to be paid for is in lieu of that
forwhichin 1860 the marshals received $41,000,
and in 1850 about thirty-four thousand dollars, j
I need not be told that cost is not the sole crite-
rion. If with marshals as instruments the work
will fail, and with this more expensive instru-
mentality the work will succeed, the considera-
tion of cost must yield. It will be for the Senate
to judge of the usefulness of such an expendi-
ture. How the committee judged I will en-
deavor to show as I proceed.
Such a change as is proposed in the officials,
had it occurred at the end of any past decade,
would have brought into existence a second
set of officers ; it would now bring in a fifth
set. Heretofore marshals were the only exist-
ing agents upon whom conveniently this work
could be devolved. Now we have not only
marshals, but in every congressional district
a collector of internal revenue, with his depu- j
ties, clerks, and official surroundings ; in every j
congressional district an assessor of internal
revenue, with his assistants and clerks; and
we have also in every congressional district a
register in bankruptcy. District superintend-
ents, therefore, if they are to be, must consent
to rank at most number five in the schedule
of Federal officials. I will not stop to inquire :
whether collectors and assessors of internal .
revenue, with the official staff surrounding
each of them, with official accommodations
already provided and equipped, with their
local familiarity, with their already amassed ,
information touching many of the topics to be
inquired after, would be effective agents in ;
counting and classifying persons, property,
and productions. I will not canvass registers
in bankruptcy as overseers of such a work;
but where, after a trial of seventy years, is the !
proof that the marshals are incapable? Prac- j
tice and experiment is better than conjecture;
here we have it. • [
It is said that the work to be done is greater
than itwas in 1860. Yes, sir, and the number |
of marshals is greater than it was in 1860 also.
Again, the House bill contemplates an array
of "enumerators" or "census-takers," un-
known in the past, and needless for any pur-
pose known in the past.
The scope of inquiry and the haste enjoined
are double multipliers. The staff which could
collect ordinary statistics within the month
prescribed could not so quickly collect statis- ;
tics such as these; the staff which could gather
even these statistics within the time heretofore
allowed could not within a month gather
returns even less complex and multiplied than
these now suggested.
It will be remembered—I refer to it in pass-
ing—that nothing breeds error and uncertain-
ties so much as the multiplication of officers
and the increase of haste. By enlarging the
number of hands through which the blanks are
to pass and the number of copies and tran-
scripts to be made, and shortening the time for
making them, you summon a host of mistakes.
I intend this statement to be only of outline,
and will abstain from much detail until detail
becomes necessary. I ought not, however, to
neglect the fact that the changed mode of com-
pensation proposed would reward diligence
and sloth, good work and slack work, all alike, j j
I have heard it said that the act of 1850 is i'
inadequate in provision for compensation. It
has been said here that $1 87 per head was the
recompense prescribed for gatherers of the
census. I know not whence the idea came.
No per diem finds a place in the act of 185o!
I have data showing that in 1850, under the
law of that year, from four to six dollars a day
were earned by enumerators. Instead of per
diem wages the act of 1850 provides compens-
ation by a curious rule, which I am sure will
interest Senators. Mr. Underwood, then a
Senator from Kentucky, bethought himself of
an ingenious contrivance to be found in one
of the truths of mathematics. He suggested
taking an orchard for illustration, that a pro-
cess of arithmetic will tell the distance to be
traveled to visit every tree in the orchard or
every hill of corn in a field. The process is
this: take the area of the orchard and the
number of trees and multiply the square roots
together, and you will have exactly the distance
to be trodden to visit every tree.
Accordingly, the act of 1850 provides that
two cents shall be paid for each person enum-
erated, and that ten cents a mile shall be paid
for every mile traveled. But how shall the
miles be ascertained so as not to be exagger-
ated? The act answers, by taking the square
root of the area and of the number of dwell-
ings and multiplying them by each other. It
is said that at the Interior Department, before
the account of an enumerator in a far distant
locality was presented, they could calculate,
and did calculate, so as to tell as nearly as he
himself could tell, the compensation he de-
served. I think this one of the excellent fea-
tures of the present statute, which it is proposed
to supersede by a simple per diem, four dollars
a day to all alike, be they diligent or be they
remiss. Were a certain sum paid simply for
each person enumerated inducement to exag-
gerate the enumeration would be offered. VVere
the pay undetermined mileage, it would offer a
reward to exaggerate the distance traveled.
Were compensation measured by time, it would
offer reward for delay; hence, to borrow a
time-honored phrase, a plan of checks and
balances was introduced into the act of 1850;
and I take leave of the provision by saying
that I understand its wisdom and utility found
full vindication in the trial to which it was put
in 1850, and again in 1860.
I now invite attention to the first mission
proposed for this array of office-holders. It is
a twenty days' visitation to the habitations and
places of business of the land, distributing
schedules and explaining the obligations con-
nected with them. The enumerators, like the
apostles, are to go forth preaching the gospel,
in this instance the gospel of schedules, to all
nations. This may seem a very harmless thing;
it may appear cheap. Supposing it could be
accomplished in twenty days, it would cost
$1,720,000. The magnitude of such a sum
would once have commanded consideration—it
may arrest attention now; and I will give the
elements of which it is made up.
The population of the country is, in round
numbers, 40,000,000. By the accepted rule
of division into families the number of families
must be one fifth, or 8,000,000. Of farms there
are 2,044,077. Adding the manufacturing and
trading establishments, mines, and other repre-
sentatives of industry specified in the House
bill, the number of blanks required for this
preliminary purpose, including waste, would
be 12,000,000, As the blanks must be on
letter paper, that tbey may be written upon
with ink, and on folio post, in order to permit
the columns, they would cost one cent each—
I am instructed more, but certainly one cent—
which would be $120,000 for the advanced edi-
tion of blanks. If we assume that a single
enumerator would answer for 2,000 persons—
and let me say in parenthesis this is an assump-
tion which will prove the measure of compen-
sation fixed by the act of 1850 ample—it w®
assume that each enumerator can return 2,000
persons, a pretty liberal supposition, 20,000
