4856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
the absence of material for profitable freight-
age, has prevented its becoming the seat of
an extensive foreign trade. But many vessels
from outside do now, for various reasons,
come up to Greenport harbor, and many more
would avail themselves of its safe and spacious
basin as a refuge from storms or head winds
if they could pass this bar with ease or safety.
Vessels from eastern and southern ports often
come near the mouth of this bay, and are only
stopped from taking advantage of the perfect
security it affords because they dare not en-
counter the unlighted perils of the navigation
past Long Beach bar. I hold in my hand the
certificate of the master of a Boston schooner
of two hundred and twenty-five tons, which in
a gale last fall dragged her anchors and went
ashore on this very bar, involving a delay of
some two weeks and an expense of §2,000
before she was got afloat again, that had there
been a light on the end of the bar he could
easily have gone up and rode out the gale at
anchor in perfect safety. Steamers, also, that
ply between ports on the bay and New York
have several times grounded on this bar.
Besides, as shGwing the increasing commerce
that requires a light at this point, I may cite
the fact that last year the Mapes' Superphos-
phate of Lime and Guano Company, whose
factory is located near Greenport, manufac-
tured of their fertilizer some six thousand
tons, almost every pound of which was shipped
to Charleston, Savannah, and other southern
ports to be sold to planters for use on cotton
fields, for which crop it is found to have a supe-
rior efficacy, so that the demand far exceeds
the capacity of their works. The transporta-
tion of these six thousand tons, averaging two
hundred and fifty tons to a vessel, would em-
ploy twenty-four vessels, all of which must
pass the bar, and several of them brought back
to the works cargoes of various ingredients used
in compounding the fertilizer. Anotherestab-
lishmont for manufacturing the same article has
been built this spring, of a capacity designed to
equal some ten thousand or more tons a year,
by the proprietors of the Atlantic Works, one
of the largest oil and guano factories on the
bay; and one of those proprietors, Hon. Lewis
A. Edwards, has sent me the paper which I
now ask to have read from the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Orient, Long Island, November 29,1869.
The Atlantic Oil and Guano works, located on
Long beach, Peconic bay, have employed during
the past season three gangs ot" puise-net fishermen,
and have taken a large number of fish from other
gangs, shore seinecompanics, &e., giving permanent
occupation in the fishery to from thirty-five to forty
men. These woiks have been in operation seven
years, and have on an average rendered seven mil-
lion fish each year, yielding from thirty to forty
thousand gallons of oii and about seven hundred
teas of fish guano. In prosecuting this important
branch of the fisheries the company employ twelve
vessels, ranging from fifteen to fifty tons, all of which
are daily or nightly passing from their works out
around Long Beach point or bar into Gardiner's
bay or Long Island sound,
The company would earnestly invite the especial
attention of the proper authorities to the great need
of a light on this dangerous point or bar, which ob-
structs the approach to the important harbor of
Greenport and all other harbors on the bay, making
navigation past it very difficult and dangerous in
dark or thick weather. The largo amount of ton-
nagedaily passing this dangerous point would fully
warrant our Government in erecting thereon a good
substantial light-house; and it is hoped that our
Representative and the commercial press will remit
no effort to have action taken in the matter.
Rcspcctfully,
LEWIS A. EDWARDS.
Mr. REEVES. If they succeed in their
present expectation of making ten thousand
tons of fertilizer annually, its transportation
to southern ports would, at the rate of two
hundred and fifty tons to a trip, require forty
vessels, which, added to the annual production
of the Mapes company, makes over sixty ves-
sels that would be needed to carry away past
Long Beach bar a single product of this bay.
During last season the various factories on the
bay made a total of seven thousand one hun-
dred and five tons of guano and eleven thou-
sand four hundred and sixty barrels of oil, of
which all the oil was shipped to Boston, New
York, or Philadelphia, while some five thou-
sand tons of the guano were shipped to Wood's
Hole, Massachusetts, to be manufactured' into
a fertilizer by the Pacific Guano Company,
whose works are located at that place. The
tonnage required for transporting this amount
of oil and guano would be equal to twenty-five
or thirty vessels carrying two hundred and fifty
tons each. Here, then, we have nearly one
hundred vessels, of a carrying capacity of two
hundred and fifty tons each, which are now
needed in connection with one branch of busi-
ness on this bay, to say nothing of the lumber,
brick, cord-wood, grain, vegetables, &c., which
are shipped to and from ports on the bay.
Lest the amount asked for should seem so
small as to argue, by comparison, against the
necessity or advantage of a light at the point
in question, it should be stated that a structure
sufficiently high to enable the light to be seen
for a distance of six or eight miles would
answer every purpose, and could be built of
granite in the most substantial manner, fitted
complete, and provided with a Fresnul lens of
the fourth or fifth order, within the sum named.
And, what is an important consideration, the
work could be proceeded with immediately
after being authorized, without those delays
to settle questions of title in the land, or on
other accounts, which sometimes postpone the
commencement of similar works for months,
or even years after the appropriations are
made, and thereby swell to enormous dimen-
sions the unexpended balances in some of the
Departments. Let this §17,000 be added to
the bill, and within a few months the cheering
and informing radiance of a nightly illumina-
tion will stream across the waters of the upper
and lower bay, carrying comfort to the hearts
of many mariners, and impressing upon their
minds a fresh proof of the vigilant care and
constant protection which a just and wise Gov-
ernment extends to them in all their lawful
pursuits.
In corroboration of what I have said on some
points of my appeal for this appropriation, I j
might cite a report from the Light-House
Board, submitted in response to a communi-
cation from myself, addressed to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, which fully recognizes
the necessity of a light-house on this bar, and
shows how as well as why it should be built;
but niy statements are not questioned by any
one, not even by the Committee on Appropii-
ations, who, I am sure, would willingly have
assented to the claim but for their having
adopted an arbitrary rule to recommend no
appropriations for the Light House Board ex-
cept such as that board had designated as first
in the order of importance. The board, find-
ing that only a small part of their estimates
would be agreed to by the committee, scaled
the estimates by dividing them into five classes,
according to their relative consequence with
respect to saving life first and property after-
ward. Long Beaeh bar being an interior point,
and not on the outer coast, was included in
class two, and as the committee decided to
appropriate only for class one, this in common
with ail the other estimates, although conceded
on all hands to be most meritorious and im-
portant, was rejected.
I am therefore compelled to appeal from
the Committee on Appropriations to the Com-
mittee of the Whole to insert the small amount
estimated by the Light-Honge Board for a
lighted beacon on Long Beach bar. It must
not be thought that other appropriations on
account of the light-house establishment at
other points within my district are so large that
the board judged it inexpedient to increase ,
them by adding this $17,000, and therefore i
failed to classify it as of first importance. The
fact is that in the Long Island part of the dis-
trict, with a coast line of nearly five handled
miles—not reckoning the bays and other in-
dentations of the shore—less than $20,000 is
appropriated, none of which sura is for new
work, but all for repairs and the preservation
of existing structures, while on Staten Island,
which forms the rest of the district, and con-
tains the general depot in and for the third
light-house district, with a coast line of thirty-
eight miles, the further sum of $3-5,000 is ap-
propriated for shed and wharfs at the depot.
I close by quoting, as "proof that the com-
mercial press have given attention to this sub-
ject, the following extract from an article in
the New York Herald of December 15, 18C9,
and by adding that other papers have spoken
in terms equally decided of the great import-
ance of the measure:
"The one great desideratum which the people of
this part of the island most anxiously look for to the
General Government is the erection of a light-house
on Long Beach bar—the only difficult or dangerous
place the fishermen have to pass on their trips up
and down the bay. The expense which the national
Government is asked to incur in affording safety to
the poor mariners who carry their fortunes in their
humble fishing crafts up and down the bay, through
alt kinds of weather and at all hours of the day or
night, is of comparatively small amount. The erec-
tion of a light-house would involve no engineering
difficulties whatever. A solid foundation can be
found a few feet below the surface of the tide. A
light, easting its friendly radiance across the waters
at this pointin years past, inighthave been the mean3
of saving many a gallant littlo craft and kept the
black shadow of desolation from many a home. The
national Government was never before called upon
to appropriate money for a more laudable purpose
than this. If the people have any reason in catling
the Government under which they livewise and pa-
ternal, it is in just such instances as this, where the
mcan3 of the national Treasury are given to con-
summate n, work which inures to the general good,
and which the means of the community itself arc in-
sufficient to secure. Any one who looks at the map
of Long Island will notice the very many creeks,
bays, and inlets of the sea which mark its eastern
boundary. It may be easily inferred that consider-
able risk is oftentimes run in navigating thereabouts
when it is both dark arid boisterous and no visible
guide on coast or promontory% The light-house,
which it is the anxious desire of the people to seo
erceted, would poiut the way to other boats than
those sailing directly in line with it and save many
times more thau the cost of its construction.
" Still another great purpose which will be served
by the erection of a light-house on Long Beaeh bar
will consist in the fact that a splendid haven—at
present useless, because almost inaccessible—will be
secured undercoverof Shelter Island. Vesselscom-
ingto SewYork throughthesoundfrequently,when
bad weather arises, have to put back for a harbor to
Newport or Holmes's Hole. In entering thesound
the usual channel is through Plum gut. and the dis-
tance to be retraced to secure a harbor at either of
the havens last named involves a great loss of time.
The tide sets through Plum gut an hour and a half
earlier, and the channel past Long Beaeh point has
a uniform depth of thirty feet. Vessels, therefore,
by acomparatively slight deviation from their course,
could, if the navigation of Long Beach inlet were
facilitated by a light, secure a good, safe anchorage
ana easily resume their course with the early tide in
their favor, saving a_considerablo time and sailing
distance."
Mr. DAWES. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that he has a communication from
the Light-House Board recommending this
appropriation ?
Mr. REEVES. I had one, but I have not
got it with me. The substance of it was that
this appropriation is earnestly recommended
by the board. If the committee will allow me
a moment, I think I can explain satisfactorily
why it was not put in by the committee. I
understand that the committee adopted an
arbitrary rule that tbey would only recommend
appropriations for those works which were
classed as "number one" in the order of
importance, meaning thereby points exposed in
respect to life as well as property. This point
being on interior waters, there is not as much
exposure in respect to life as there is in respect
to property. It is for the protection of prop-
erty rather than of life that this appropriation
is asked. The committee have recommended
only those things in the estimates of the Light-
House Board which relate to the exterior line
of the coast. They would have recommended
this but for that single fact.
Mr. DAWES. The Light-House Board sub-
mitted to Congress their estimates, and then
we called before the Committee on Appropri-
ations the head of that bureau, and went over
all the estimates with him, and got him to
mark them No. 1, No, 2, or No. 3 according
to their relative importance, those absolutely
