2968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2o,
tleman would have shown all that pluck which
is one of his characteristics.
Mr. SCHENCK. You referred to me in
order to justify yourself.
Mr. LYNCH. I did not refer to the gentle-
man to justify myself, but only alluded to the
fact that the gentleman having been absent the
day before on a pleasure excursion took the
lead in proceeding on Friday night against those
who were absent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did notmakethe motion
for the call on Friday night. When I came in
I found it going on.
Mr. DAWES. I beg to ask the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Lynch] what reason he has
for saying that I was here acting as judge on
that occasion ?
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman was here as
Speaker pro tempore, receiving the excuses of
members who were absent from the call. And
this struck me as very ludicrous, considering
that the evening before the gentleman was
absent, and that the House adjourned on
account of his absence.
Mr. DAWES. After thegentleman has been
informed over and over again that in that state-
ment he does not conform to the fact, and when
he knows that I did not put myself in the posi-
tion of a judge, I ask has he, in repeating such
statements, any respect for what belongs to a
gentleman? [Cries of''Order!"]
Mr. LYNCH. I have great respect for the
gentleman himself, and in that regard have
respect for what belongs to a gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me that the gen-
tleman has not proper regard for what belongs
to his own position.
Mr. LYNCH. I shall try to take care of
my own position. The gentleman says that
he was not absent on Thursday evening. I
send to the Clerk's desk to be read the Globe's
report of the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] on that occasion.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I rise to a point of
order. I. desire to know on what question the
gentleman from Maine is speaking. He has
expressly stated that he does not ask to be
excused.
: Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman is mistaken.
I stated that I would not have asked to be
excused if other gentlemen who are similarly
situated to myself had not asked to bo And had
not been excused. But I do not ask to be
excused. I am only explaining why I was
absent.
■ ; Mr. VAN WYCK. Then I raise the other
point of order, which has been decided time
end again by the Chair, that what took place
on Thursday evening is not proper matter for
discussion to-day.
The SPEAKER. The .Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman must confiue
himself to giving reasons for his request to be
excused.
Mr. LYNCH. I offer what I have sent to
the Clerk's desk as pae of my reasons for being
absent.
The Clerk proceeded to read as followa:
" Mr. Scofield. Tie chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations"——
Mr. VAN WYCK. I again raise the point
of order, that what took place on Thursday
evening is not relevant to the question before
the: House. •
The 8PEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. LYNCH. Do I understand the ruling
of the Chair to be that I have not a right to offer
to be read what is printed in the Globe?
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
gentleman has no right to have read from the
Globe what he would not be in order to state
from bis place. And the Chair rules that any
gentleman asking to be excused must confine
himself to the reasons which he deems it proper
to present to the House for being excused.
Mr. LYNCH. Preciselyso; and oueof my
reasons is, that as there had been a regular
meeting the previous evening, and as those
gentlemen whose special business it was to be
here, the special order for consideration being
a bill reported from their own committee, were
absent, I had no reason to expect that there
would be a business meeting of the House next
evening. I knew that when an important bill
like the naval appropriation bill wa to be dis-
cussed the chairman of .the Committee on
Appropriations was absent—it so appeared in
the Globe of the next morning—and I knew
that the Ohio delegation were still here, and
that the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means might be absent with them as he
was before. And I submit that this was a good
reason for my supposing that there might be
no meeting of the House on Friday evening.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand the gen- (
tleman to say that if I should be in fault he
would be weak-minded enough to follow a bad
example?
Mr. LYNCH. Does the gentleman think I
would be weak-minded in following an example
set by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means? I thought he was the safest man
in the House to follow except, perhaps, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations.
I thought that if I followed the example of
those gentlemen I could not go wrong. I
desire the extract from the Globe which 1 sent
to the desk to be read.
The SPEAKER. Whatever might be shown
by what the gentleman desires to have read,
the Chair would be compelled to rule that the
derelictions of one member at one time are
no excuse for those of another at some other ,
time. Therefore, if the gentleman from New
York does not withdraw his point of order, the
Chair could not permit the extract to be read.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I cannot withdraw the
point of order. I do not wish that our pro-
ceedings here to day should be such as to be
a justification to gentlemen for withdrawing
themselves at any time from their duties here
during the remainder of the session. This has
become mere trifling. Time is being wasted
and the public business ignored.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Van. Wyck] does well to array
himselt alongside of these other gentlemen, a
gentleman who is not always present.
Mr, LOGAN. I seethe difficulty the gen-
tleman from Maine is in. I presume he intends
! to plead the dereliction of others in mitigation
! of his own offense.
| Mr. LYNCH. I decline to yield. I prefer
j to speak for myself.
Mr. LOGAN. I make the point of order
that the gentleman has a right to offer that in
mitigation of damages, and I move that he be
fined only nine dollars and a half. [Laughter. ]
Mr. LYNCH. I have usually been attentive
on the sessions of the House. But I do con-
fess that I was a little tardy in getting here on
Friday evening for the reason that 1 did not
expect the House was intending to prosecute
any business or to do anything more than
attend to speech-making; and this business
has become somewhat stale. But, to be serious
about this matter, I do not find fault with the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and MeanB
for being absent on Thursday taking some
recreation. "I think be deserved it. Having |
attended to his arduous duties here so con- j
stantly day and night he was entitled to be !
excused for a day, and if there had been a call
of the House on Thursday I would have voted
with great pleasure to excuse him. I only
wonder he has been able to perform the labor
which has devolved upon him in the discharge
of his duties here. I thought the Friday even-
ing; effort rather spasmodic, and what I have
sulci in regard to the gentleman's absence I
hope will not be taken very seriously.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a. question?
Mr. LYNCH. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to ask him
whether he himself was here on Thursday
night?
Mr. LYNCH. I did not get here. I was
in the same predicament as the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] 1 was in
the Capitol or the way here, but not in the
Hall at the time of adjournment.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Maine a question.
Mr. LYNCH. No, sir ; I think I will not
take up any more of the time of the House. I
only desire to call attention to the consistency
of gentlemen who are so anxious to press
business. I will end this matter here. I with-
draw my request to be excused and am willing
to pay my fine.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the House to excuse
my colleague, Mr. Garfield, for non-attend-
ance on Friday evening for the reason that
he was compelled on that evening to give
attention to some eighteen of the members of
the Legislature of Ohio and their wives,who
were at his house. I move that he be excused,
Mr. FITCH. I make the point of order
that gentlemen have no right to vote upon
this question unless they have paid their fines.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
rule upon that subject read.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Until a member has paid the fees assessed against
him be is not at liberty to address the Chair or make
a question of order."
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it
does not deprive a member of the right to vote,
which is a constitutional right, and a right that
pertains to his constituents. The right to the
courtesies of the floor, such as being recog-
nized by the Chair and raising points of order,
are the deprivations which the rule inflicts on
members who have been fined and have not
paid their fines. But they do not attempt—as
the rules could not do—to deprive the member
of his right, to vote.
The question was put on Mr. Bingham's
motion; and there were—'aveg 80, noes 36.
So the motion was agreed to 5 and Mr. Gak-
fiei.d, of Ohio, wag excused.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to state in behalf
of thegentleman from Nebraska, [Mr. Taffe,]
who happened to be absent when the doors
were closed on Friday evening, and who is
laboring under snch a severe cold that he can
scarcely speak above a whisper, that he was
not here at the time when the call of the
House began, but did come in a few minutes
afterward; but suffering with a severe cold he
left the House and went to his room. 1 desire
to state further in his behalf, as he cannot speak
for himself, that he tells me, and there is no
doubtabout the truth ofit, that during the three
years he has been in Congress this is the first
time he has been absent from its sessions. The
gentlenjan does not himself ask to be excused,
but I move that he be excused, as he was too
unwell to be in his seat. The gentleman serves
with roe on. the Committee on the Territories,
and there is no man here more prompt in the
discharge of his duty than Mr. Taffe.
The question was put on Mr. Cullom's
motion, and it was agreed to ; and' Mr. Taffe
was excused.
Mr. HAMILTON. I moye that Mr. Lynob
be excused; and on that motion I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; 'and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion, was agreed to—ayes 71,
noes 49.
So Mr. Lynch was excused..
t Mr. CULLOM. I desire, to offer a resolu-
tion.
Mr. HOOPER, of Maasachusett I call
for the regular oraer.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing resolution, upon which I call the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the fines imposed upon members
of this House for non-attendanoe 00 the 22d instant
be remitted upon the payment of fees for tpeir arrest
respectively.
i Mr. DAWES. There are no fees.
