1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2969
The SPEAKER. The resolntion will require
unanimous consent.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to move that the
rulea be suspended in order that I may offer a
resolution.
The SPEAKER. That would not now be in
order, as there is already pending a motion to
suspend the rules.
land-grant bills.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
resolution offered by the gentleman from Ne-
vada, [Mr. Fitch,] and which was pending at
the adjournment of the House on Monday last.
The Clerk read as follows:
llmolved, That the rules be so suspended that on
Thursday, April 2S, at half past one o'clock p. m.,
all pending business and prior orders bo suspended,
and that the House then proceed to the considera-
tion of reports from the Committee on the Public
Lands, and continue the consideration of the same
until adjournment on that day.
Mr. FITCH. On that resolution I call the ,
previous question.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not debatable.
Mr. DAWES. Will not that cut off the con-
sideration of appropriation bills?
The SPEAKER. It cuts off everything.
Mr. CULLOM. And gives away the pub-
lic lands by hundreds of thousands of acres.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 52, noes 70.
So (the affirmative not being two thirds) the
motion to suspend the rules was not agreed to.
kesiission op fines.
.Mr, CULLOM. I move that the rales be
ao suspended aa to- adopt the following resolu-
tion:
Itaohed, That .all fines imposed by this House upon
members on accountof their absence from itssession
on Friday evening, the 22d instant, be, and the same
are hereby, remitted.
The question was taken; and upon & division
there were—ayes 82, noes 48.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. CULLOM called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and ilr. CcLLOit and
Mr. Sciiexck were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers ;
reported that there were—ayes 79, noes 38. .
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. DAWES called for the jeas and cays. j
Mr. SCHENCK. I want to move an amend- I
ment to the resolution. i
The SPEAKER. A motion to saspendthe
rules is neither debatable nor amendable.
The question was taken upon ordering tlie
yeas and nays; and there were forty in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the last vote) the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does the same vote '
that suspends the rules pass the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. That is the form of the
motion; but one vote is required.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 86, nays 63, not
voting 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Ayer. Bar-
naul, Barry, Beainan, Beck, Bennett, Bingham,
Bird, Booker. Buck. Buckiey, Buffinton, Burcbard
Burdett Cake, Calkin, William T. Clark, Clinton
L. Cobb. Cook. Cox, Cnilom, Dickinson, Dixon,
Farnsworth, .Fisher, Garfield. Gibson, Gilfillan,
Haight, Hamill, Hamilton, UefliB, Hill, Hoge, Hotch-
kiss, Jenckes, Alexander H.J ones, Thomas L. Jones.
Judd, ICellogg, Knott, Lawrence, Logan, Lynch
Marshall MeCormick.kcKec.ncKenjle,Merely
Mercur, Ehakmll. Moore, Morphis, Samuel P. Mor-
rill. ^egley, Ni black, Palmer. Peters, Phelps, Pon -
ffii, w?n- Randall, Kice, Sawyer, Lionel A.
bhefdon^ William Sinyth. Stevenson, Stiles, Strader,
bwann. Sweeney, lafle. Tanner, Tillman. Trimble,
i^f?* W."1®' VwWyck, Wheeler. Whit-
Woodward—80 ""Chester, Witcher, and
NAYS —Messrs. Arnell, Asper. Atwood, Beatty:
Benj am in, Ben ton, Blair, George M. Brooks. Cessna,
Sidney Clarke, Conger, Conner, Dawes, Degener,
P'W1, | err£s. Finkelnburg Getz.Hale, Ilaw-
loy, ilay, Heaton, Hoar, Holman, Hooper, Johnson,
Kolley, Kelsey, Kerr, Lafliti, Mayuard, McCarthy,
William Mooro, O'Neill, Orth, Paokard, Packer,
Perce, Rogers, Schenck, Scofield, Starkweather,
Stovons. Stone, Strong, Taylor. Townsend, Twichell,
Tyner.CadwaladerC. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, and Williams—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Arohor, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Biggs, Boles, Bowen,
Boyd, James Brooks, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Churchill, Cleveland, Amasa
Cobb.Coburn, Covode, Cowlos, Crebs, Davis, Dickey,
Dockery, Duval, Dyer. Ela. Eldridge, Ferry, Fitch,
Fox.Griswold.Haldeman.Hambleton, Harris, Haw-
kins, Hays, Ineersoll, Julian, Ketcham, Knapp,
Lush, Loughridge, Mayham, McCrary, McGrew,
Milncs, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell,
Morrissev, Mungen, Myers, Paine, Peck, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Pottor, Reeves, Ridgway. Roots, San-
ford, Sargent, Sohuinaker, Shanks, Porter Sheldon,
SherMd. phobor, Sloeum, John A. Smith, Joseph S.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stokes, Stoughton. Strickland, Upson, Van Horn,
Voorhces, Ward, Wells, Wilkinson,Eugene M. Wil-
son, JohnT. Wilson, and Wood—83.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
motion to suspend the rules was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. DAVIS said: I wish to inquire whether
the effect of this resolution is to refund the
fines to those who have paid them.
The SPEAKER. It would have that effect.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I decline to vote.
Mr. SCOFIELD. A case of conscience!
[Laughter. ]
The result of the vote was announced as above
stated.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I have risen
for the purpose of submitting a motion to sus-
pend the rules, in order that the House may
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the special order. Before the question is taken
upon that motion I wish, with the permission
of the House, to give notice that I shall begin
to-morrow morning, and continue as long as it
may seem to be necessary, to ask for a eall of
the House immediately after the reading of
tlie Journal every day. My objeet is not to
press the matter aqy further than to have the
roll called, and then if there be a quorum pres-
ent move to dispense with further proceed-
ings. This will show everyday whether we
have present a sufficient number to do business,
and if so, who they are. I find that gentlemen
plead in excuse of their absence the delinquen-
cies of others. Mr. Speaker, before press-
ing my motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole, I am willing to yield to several gentle-
men who wish to present matters which I under-
stand will consorae but little time. I yield in
the first plaee to the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Dixon.]
1'ur-bea.hing animals hi alaska.
Mr, DIXON. For the purpose of bringing
before the House a: subject to whioh the atten-
tion of Congress has been called by the Presi-
dent of the United, States and by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and in order to secure action
upon a matter which is of great interest to the
Governmental in relation to which immediate
legislation is necessary, I move a suspension
of the rules, for the purpoaq of authorizing the
reporting by the Committee on Commerce aad
the immediate passage by the House of a sub-
stitute which I am directed to report for Senate
bill No. 3?, to prevent the extermination of
far*bea?iqg animals in Alaska.
Mr. SCHENCK- If I yield for the considera-
tion o'f this bill it is with the understanding that
the gentleman will call the previous question.
_Mr. DAWES. I hopethe previous question
will not be. called. I wish to offer a substitute
for that bill. I agree that there ought to be
some legislation upon the subject; but I hope
the gentleman will not cut off amendments.
Mr; RANDALL. ■ Mr. Speaker, if the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] yields, must
he not yield absolutely ?
The SPEAKER. He does yield absolutely;
• but the Chair will inform the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mt.Randaix] that it makes no
difference, because after this question is dis-
posed of the Chair will feel bound to recognize
the gentleman from Ohio in preference to any
other member oti the floor. Does the gentle-
man from Rhode Island [Mr. Dixon] move to
suspend the rules in order to pass the bill at
once?
Mr. DIXON. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. That will prevent the bill
from being amended.
The SPEAKER. The bill, as amended by
the committee, will be reported in full.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howie of Represent-
ative) of the United State* of America in Congrene assem-
bled, That it shall be unlawful to kill any fur seal
upon the islands of St. Paul and St. George, or in
the waters adjacent thereto, except during tho
months of Juno, July, September, and October, in
eaoh year; and it shall be unlawful to kill such seals
at any time by the use of firoarms.or use other mean.s
tending to drive the seals away from said islands :
Provided, That the natives of said islands shall have
the privilege of killing suoh young soala as may bo
necessary lor their own food and clothing during
other months, and also such old seals as may be re-
quired for their own clothing and for the manufac-
ture of boats for their own use, which killing shall
be limited and con trolled by such regulationsasshall
be presoribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sue. 2. Awl be it further enacted. That it shall bo
unlawful to kill any female seal, or any seal less than
one year old, at any season of the year, except as
above provided; and it shall also be unlawful to kill
any seal in tho waters adjaoont to said islands, or on
tho beaches, cliffs, or rocks where they haul up from
the sea to remain; and any person who shall violate
either of the provisions of this, or tho first section of
this act, shall bo punished, on conviction thereof, l'or
each offense by a fino of not less than $200 nor more
than $1,000, or by imprisonment not exceeding six
months, or by such fine and imprisonment both, at
the discretion of the court having jurisdiction and
taking cognisance of the offense; and all vessols,
their tackle, apparel, and furniture, whosecrewshall
be found engaged in the violation of any of the pro-
visions of this act shall bo forfeited to the United
States.
Sec. 3. And be it, further enacted, That for tho period
of twenty years from and after tho passage of this
aot tho number of fur-seals which may bo killed for
their skins upon tho island of Saint Paul is hereby
limited and restricted to seventy-five thousand per
annum; and the numbor of fur-seals which may bo
killedfortheirskinsuponthe island of Saint George
is hereby limited and restricted to twenty-fivu thou-
.sand per annum; Provided, That the Secretary of
tho Treasury may restrict and limit the right of kill-
ing, if it shall become necessary for the preservation
of such seals, with such proportionate roduction of
the rents reserved to the Government as shall bo
right and proper: and if any person shallknowingly
violate either of the provisions of this soction ho
shall, upon due conviction thereof, be punished in
thesamoway as is provided herein for a violation
of the provisions of the first and second,ssctions of
this act..
! Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That immediately
j after the passage of this act tho Secretary of tho
Treasury shall lease for the rental mentioned in sec-
tion six of this act, to proper and responsible parties
to the best advantage of the_Unitefl States, having
due regard to the interests of the Government, the
: native inhabitants, tho parties heretofore engaged
in the trade, and the protection of the seal fisheries,
for a term of twenty years from the 1st day of May,
•1870, the right to engago in the business of taking
fur seals on the islands of St. Paul and St. George.
: and tQ send a vessel or vessels to said islands for the
| skins of such seals, giving to tlie lessee or lessees of
: said islands a lease duly executed.in duplicate, not
! ..transferable, and taking from the lessee or lessees of
said islands a bond with sufficient sureties in a sum
not less than $500,000, for the faithful observance of
: all the laws and requirement! of Congress and of tho
1 "regulation of the Secretary of the Treasury touching
the subjcct-matter of taking fur seals, and disposing
| of tho same, and for the payment of all taxes- and
j dues asereing to the United States connected there-
with. And in making said lease the .Secretary af the
Treasury shall have due regard to tho preservation
of the seal-fur trade of said islands, and the comfort,
maintenance, and education, of the.natives thereof.
The said lessees shall furnish to the several masters
of vessels employed by them QefUified copies of tbo
i lease held by them respectively,- which shall be pre-
I sentcd to the Government revenue ofiicer for tbo
time being who may be in charge at the said, islands
as tho authority of the party for landing and taking
skins.
Sec. 5. And be it further enasted. That ftt the ex-
piration of said term of twenty years, or on surrender
or forfeiture of any lease, other leases may be made
in manner as aforesaid for other terms of twenty
years: but no persons, other than American eitizens
I shall be permitted, hy lease or otherwise, to occupy
j said islands, or either of them, for tho purpose of
• taking the skins of for seals therefrom, nor shall any
! foreign vessel be engaged in taking such skins; and
j. the Secretary of the Treasury shall vacate and de-
. clare any lease forfeited if the same be. held or
i operated for the.nse, benefit, or advantage, directly
or indirectly, of any person or persons other than
j-American citizens. Every lease thai I contain a cot-
enant on the part of the lessee that he will not keep,
sell, furnish, give, or dispose of any distilled spirits
or spirituous liquors on either of said islands to any
of the natives thereof, such person not being a physi-
oian and iurnishing the same for use as medicine;
