1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
1081
enumerators will be required, and each one
devoting twenty days to a preliminary distribu-
tion of blanks, they will devote together
400,000 days. The compensation for this will
be $1,600,000. Adding the cost of the blanks
we have $1,720,000, saying nothing of postage
or cost of transmission in the mails.
The entire cost of obtaining the census of |
1860, from beginning to end, was $1,292,206 75,
and this sum includes $247,000 which has never
yet been paid, because it consists of suspended
accounts represented by southern claimants
of suspected loyalty. The Senator from Ala-
bama [Mr. Warner] whispers they were not
* all disloyal. I do not say they were. I only
say the accounts have been suspended by the
Department because they have been treated
as accounts of disloyal claimants.
I have said that $1,292,206 75 was the cost
of the census of 1860. Of course I do not in-
clude the publication of the census after it had
been obtained. I do embrace, however, every
item of expense in collecting the facts and the
figures, from the emission of the blanks-to the
return to the Department of the Interior of the
last item which the census contains. Yet it is
proposed to expend in a single " note of prep-
aration "—a blast upon the official bugle to
give warning that business will soon begin—a
half million more than was found necessary
to finish the entire work at the end of the last
decade.
I say again, Mr. President, as I said of the
preceding new item of five or six hundred
thousand dollars proposed, that cost is not the
sole criterion. If the Senate shall judge that
the improvement of the census by this tenta-
tive proceeding will bo so great that value will
be returned for such new outlays tho objec-
tion based on cost will be diminished, if not
dissipated entirely. This britigs ns to the ques-
tion, excluding the expense from our view,
whether accuracy and fullness will be gained
ior the census by leaving with families and
business men such schedules as are suggested
and inviting the people to fill them up in ad-
vance.
We are a remarkably intelligent people. We
plume ourselves upon the universality of edu-
cation. There are eight million peopleamong
us, however, who cannot read and write.
There are, therefore, at least eight millions who
could not even calculate an eclipse, and who
certainly could not write up the schedules
served upon them, with all their interesting
private details and all their sometimes redun-
dant and ambiguous inquiries. But passing
over those who could not comply with this
winning invitation, let me come to those who
could comply if they chose. Take the farm-
ers ; intelligent and patriotic as they are, think
you that after being plied as they have been
by tax-gatherers and official visitors for the last
few years they will be so meek and docile £ts
to volunteer to write otit in advance all the
information fished for in a catechism compris-
ing eighty-three separate heads and divisions
of interrogation ? Think yon that they will go
to all the pains to respond to inquiries some
of whieh cannot fail to be regarded as ptying
and offensive ?
I ask whether a farmer can be expected,
taking a blank schedule like this, [exhibiting a
large schedule to the Senate!,] to sit down in
advance and write out personal and family
biography, a complicated statement of things,
private some of them in their nature and trouble-
some in their requirement, in order to realize
the dreams of theorists and enthusiasts who
seek to outstrip all other gleaners in the field
of statistical investigation? Here is a schedule
not drawn out in full according to the bill; I
wish it was. It does contain, I believe, spaces
for berries and beeswax, peanuts and hen's
eggs, but it does not give places for all that the
House bill proposes. Survey its dimensions,
look at its intricacies, observe its maze of rows
and headings. Let it be carried to the domieils
ofbusy men, with an invitation, however gently
insinuated, however dressed in authority, that
they sit down and unravel and decipher it, and
then fill up and completeit, and keep it till called
for; what will be the result as a general rule ?
That it will be done and done thoroughly is a
probability the remoteness of which suggests
itself, and in place of arguing myself I will
present the comments of a more competent
reasoner. I will have read the opinion of one
well kuown to some members of the Senate,
to whom the House bill was submitted for
consideration.
In introducing his name I may fitly speak
of him as a man distinguished by_ the work he
has done in the domain of statistics. He is no
theorist, but a tried expert, who has ably
administered such affairs. I refer to Doctor
Snow, of Rhode Island; and after reading one
of his observations I will send his letter to the
Secretary, asking that other portions marked
may be read. He says:
** I may remark, generally, that the act as a whole
as passed by the House of Representatives seems
to do extremely unsatisfactory and poorly calcu-
lated to obtain What we all so much desiro, a com-
plete and accurate account of the statistics of the
country. The act is unsatisfactory both on aecount
of some of the provisions it contains, and also on
account of the omission of some important provis-
ions. Some of these faults of omission and of com-
mission seem to me not only to endanger the highest
success of the census, but also to render it doubtful
whether it would be possible, under the act, to take
i the census at all within tho time prescribed by it."
! I now send the letter to the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"For myself lam unable to see that the provisions
of this section the previous distribution of schedules
will have any marked effect in increasing the fullness
or the accuracy of the census returns or in facilitating
its operations. On the contrary, Iamsatisfied that tho
scction would be the cause of numerous errors in the
statistics and of an enormous and comparatively
useless exponse. The only practical value that I can
see in the provisions of this section is that it will
serve to make the people familiar to some slight
extent with the blanks and with what is desired of
! them in the census. This result has some value, and
1 would have much more if we had a bureau of statis-
j tics which would call upon the people at frequent
I intervals for information, and thus educate them to
the duty of filling up blanks.
! " I have had an extensive acquaintance with this
j subject during the last fifteen years, an da constant
daily observation of the manner in which statis-
i tical blanks arefilled by the people. My experience
| has also been in a community probably equal if not
' superior in intelligence to tho average for the whole
country. What is the result? The marriage blanks
are filled by clergymen who certainly are above the
average of the whole people in respect to qualifica-
tions for this work. And yet, notwithstanding their
qualifications, notwithstanding their experience, I
find some error or some defect in more than half of
all the mamage returns.
" The returns of deaths made by undertakers, who
have constant daily experience in filling blanks, are
still worse than the returns of marriages. Probably
three fourths of the returns of deaths have some de-
fect or some error in direct violation,af the printed
directions on the blank itself.
" With regard to these and other blanks filled by
the people in general it is my experience, as well as
that of my assistants who have collected statistics
forme, that they would be of no value whatever. It
is easier for the person collecting the statistics to
ask the questions andfill out the blanks himself, and
the information obtained is far more accurate. Let
us now look at- the practical operation and results
of the previous distribution of blanks, as provided
in .section ten. Let the enumerator distribute the
blanks as required to every family, farm, manufac-
turing, mechanical, and mining establishment; to
every store and .trading establishment, and to each
^fishery. If he stops to explain each blank, as required
by the act, he will need twenty weeks jrather than
twenty days to distribute them. When the time
comes for taking the census he will find only a small
portion of the blanks filled at all. The greater portion
of the people will not make the attempt.
" It must be remembered that many of these blank
schedules, especially as reported in the act, are quite
intricate and difficult to understand. It will require
pages of explanations and directions to make them
understood by the district superintendents and the
enumerators. The Superintendent of the Census
may consider himself extremely fortunate if he does
not find that a considerable percentage of his dis-
trict superintendents and enumerators are unable
to understand the subject well enough to fill out all
the blanks correctly.
" It is my deliberate opinion that not more than
one in ten of all the blanks distributed will be filled
with sufficient correctness to be accepted and used.
I am inclined to believe that the proportion would
be much less than this.
" A certain number of the blanks may be accepted
as corrcct. But they are on loose sheets of paper of
different sizes, more or less injured and soiled. They
eannot be used in this form and must all be copied
on to the blanks in book form, as furnished to tho
enumerators. But the blanks arefilled with an infi-
nite variety of handwriting, much of it difficult to
read. In fact illegibility to a greater or less extent
will bethe rule in blanks filled in this manner. The
enumerator will find it impossible to copy them cor-
rectly, and a multitude of errors will inevitably l>e
made in the attempt, enough probably to seriously
injure the value of the whole census.
" Let us recapitulate:
"1. Nine tenths ormore of tho blanks will be lost.
"2. Those that are filled must all be copied, re-
quiring nearly as much time of the enumerator as
would be required to obtain the information himself.
"3. The copying of blanks filled in this manner
will bethe source of numerous and important errors.
" Finally, the conclusion is, and I give this opinion
deliberately,that the previous distribution of blunks,
as provided in section ten of tho act, will be of no
practical valuo whatever in promotingthe fullness
or accuracy of the census, or in facilitating its opera-
tions, but, on the contrary, will be the sourcc of
numerous errors, and on the whole will be a greater
injury than benefit.
" The whole benefit from this section will bo in the
distribution of the blanks among the people, and it
would be better for the census not to collect them
at all.
" Let us now look for a moment at tho expense of
this previous distribution of blanks.
"First, tho blanks themselves.
" A blank is to be delivered to every family, farm,
manufacturing, mechanical, and mining establish-
ment, store, &c., in the country. If the population
of the country is 40,000,000, the number of families
will be in round numbers, 8,000,000. The number of
farms in 1860 was 2,044,077. If to these we add the
manufacturing, mining, trading, and other sched-
ules, and make a proper allowance for waste, tho
whole number of blanks needed will be at least
12,000,000. These blanks must be on writing paper
of different sizes, carefully ruled and arranged, and
printed on both sides.. If they cost half a cent each,
we have $60,000 for the expense of the blanks alone.
But this is only a small item in the expense of this
tenth section of the act.
" Second, the distribution of the blanks.
"How many enumerators will bo needed to take tho
census in the whole country? If we examine the
population schedule it will be evident that much
time will be necessary to obtain the information
required from each family. It must be remembered,
also, that the same enumerators are to collect all the
agricultural, manufacturing, and other statistics
within the month designated. The items in some of
the schedules have been increased beyond all reason,
and the collection of this information will require
much time, and will interfere very much with the
enumeration of the population.
"Looking at these things, and judging from my
experience in this matter,! am confident that it will
befound necessary to employ on an average through-
out the country at least one enumerator to each
two thousand of the population, and probably more.
If theirduties wereconflned to population alone, they
would of course be able to do far more than this.
"If, then, the population of the country is 40,000,000,
it will be necessary to employ at least 20,000 enumer-
ators. These 20,000 enumerators are each to be paid
for 20 days' labor, equal to 400,000 days, at four dol-
lars per day, for this previous distribution of the
blank schedules. We find, then, that this provision
in section ten will cost the country the enormous
sum of $1,600,000 in addition to the bagatelle of
$80,000 for the blanks-themselves.
"A total of $1,660,000 would seem to be altogether
too much to pay for an untried experiment of very
slight value, if any, and probably of much more in-
jury than benefit to thecensus. I call it an untried
experiment because it is so in this country in our
national census, and although the plan of previous
schedules has been tried in England, it has been
under such different circumstances that the results
there afford no go<jd ground for judging of theresults
here."
Mr. CONKLING. Such is the testimony of
a competent judge who has tried like experi-
ments as to the usefulness of this provision with
and without reference to its eost; and yet the
argument was in the House, the argument of
theHouse committee is,that so varied and multi-
plied are the inquiries that without the proposed
preliminary process it would be impossible to
execute the work. I ought also to say that
one of the features of the plan is to distribute
the same schedules everywhere. A schedule,
including questions about sugar and rice, is to go
to Maine and Minnesota, and a schedule inquir-
ing about winter wheat and spring J'keat and
buckwheat is to go to Florida and the unit,
However, I take leave here of this prominent
and, as is said, essential feature of the plan
sent us by the House.
Speaking of the plan as a whole, 1 must
describe it as cumbrous. It attempts-'too
much. Before we reach the schedules w& ate
confronted by eight pages of closely-printed
inquiries; then come the schedules, seven in
number, containing one hundred and eighty-
eight distinct divisions. Lest I may b& tempted
