1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4857
necessary being marked No. 1; those marked
No. 2 and No. 3 being very desirable to com-
plete the general system which they had in
their minds; and this one is not found in either
of those classes.
Mr. REEVES. The gentleman is mistaken;
it is to be found in class No. 2.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Reeves ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 28, noes 49 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawks and
Mr. Reeves were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 52, noea 51.
Mr. DAWES. I will not insist upon a
further count at this time, for I can have a
separate vote in the House. Let the amend-
ment be declared adopted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For building a light-house at Paul Gair.iol's hill,
or vicinity, about midway between Cape llenry and
CapeHatteras, $60,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the word
"vicinity" and inserting the words "at or
near Bodie's Island."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. I move to
amend by inserting, after the paragraph last
read, the following :
For building a third or fourth order Ji^lit-housc
at False cape, or vicinity, North Carolina, the sum
of $30,000.
In the last report of the Light-House Board
it is suggested that three light houses should
bo built between Cape Henry and Cape Hat-
teras. The Committee on Appropriations
have reported in favor of building but one.
This is a matter which does not so much
concern the people of my district; in fact it
does not concern the people of my district at
all; nor does it concern the people of the
State of North Carolina to any very^great degree.
In asking an appropriation to build this light-
house I am speaking for the commercial in-
terest of the whole United States, from Port-
land, Maine, to Galveston, Texas.
It is a geographical fact, well known to every
gentleman on this floor, that the coast of North
Carolina is perhaps the most dangerous por-
tion of the whole sea-board. And in a letter
which I have received from the secretary of
the Light-House Board within the last thirty
minutes he urges the construction of a light-
house in the position indicated in my amend-
ment. All thevessels passing along the Atlantic
coast go within a mile and a halt of this point.
I do not think it necessary to say much fur-
ther in support of this amendment. It is a
matter not specially needed by the people
belonging to my district, but it is important to
the whole United States. I regret I have not
now here the data, which were in the posses-
sion of my deceased colleague, [Mr. Heatox,]
giving a detailed account of the loss of lite
and property along this coast during the last
six months.
Mr. DAWES. It was originally thought by
the Light-House Board that it was best to build
three small light-houses, as indicated by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cobb.]
But they afterward reconsidered their opinion,
and recommended the one large light-house
which the Committee on Appropriations have
repotted in favor of in place of the three small
ones.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. Ihe dis-
tance from Cape Ilatteras to Cape Henry is one
hundred and twenty miles ; the distance from
the proposed light-house to Cape Henry is about
sixty miles.
Mr. DAWES. The idea they finally adopted
was to build this large one this year and a larger
one next year—to build two large ones m place
of three small ones.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. After a
dozen vessels and many lives have been lost.
Mr. DAWES. That was their view.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. I hope my
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. DAWES.' They first proposed three
small light-houses, at §20,000each. We have
proposed one large one at $00,000 ; and hav-
ing got that, they want the other two.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. How far
can these lights be seen on the water?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know as well as the
Light-House Board.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and on a division there were—ayes 35, noes 34;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Codb, of
North Carolina, and Mr. Dawes were ap-
pointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes forty-seven,
noes not counted.
So amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For two lights with breakwater, now being built at
Buffalo, New York, $30,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out " with " before
•'breakwater" and inserting in lieu thereof
" on the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For beacon-liirht at Pere RXarquctte h'lrbor, L'ike
Michigan, $<3,000.
Mr. FERRY. I move to amend by inserting
after the paragraph just read, "for beacon-
light at Black Lake harbor, Michigan, $0,000."
Mr. Chairman, my desire to cooperate with
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions in cutting down the expenditures of the
Government as low as practicable led me to
withhold piessing before the Light-House Board
the necessity of an appropriation for a light-
house at Black Lake harbor this season. On
this account I had withheld any pressing claim
before the Committee on Appropriations, elect-
ing instead the transpiration of this season
before urging a suitable appropriation for n,
light-house at that point. Since the committee
have formally made their report, I have learned
that that harbor has been so much improved
through the efficiency of Colonel Faiquhar, the
engineer in charge of public expenditures for
harbors on the western shore of Michigan, that
it has now become neccssary that a light-house
should be built. I take pleasure in here staling
that under this active and efficient officer the
appropriations that Congress has made for
harbors on that coast are being so judiciously
and faithfully expended that all those harbors
are rapidly becoming better, and accessible to
the larger class of vessels and steamers that
navigate the lakes.
My information is that the obstructions re-
moved and improvement made at the haibor
of Black Lake have been eariied to such extent
that the depth of water has been increased to
over ten feet. I invite the attention ot the
committee to this fact, to satisfy them of the
real benefits of these harbor appropriations,
and as confirmatory of the wisdom of the policy
of harbor improvements, which some gentle-
men have thought I have too strenuously ad- I
vocatctl. Take this harbor as an illustration j
of all in mvdislrict. Before Government had j
made any improvement, there, three to four !
feet depth of water was all that could be found j
at the mouth of an inland lake of miles in ]
length and width and great depth, while now, j
after the expenditure of what appropriations j
Congress has made for that place, there is a •
depth of over ten feet, rendering egress and :
ingress easv and secure. I desire to state this '
much in full justification and vindication of j
my pertinacity in demanding adequate protec- I
tion, by way of improvement of harbors, to the |
commerce and lives upon our inland chain of \
lakes. |
Now that Black Lake harbor has become
useful its commerce is rapidly increasing, and 1
will become of very great importance. This
month that point—the city of Holland—has
been reached by the completion of a railroad.
Open now by land and by water to the gens
eral commerce of the country, it will be readily
appreciated how the locality must rise in im-
portance. The arrival of the locomotive was
the sequence of the entrance of sail and steam
prow. Both now, amid the shouts and con-
gratulations of that thriving people, combine
to give character and dignity to the city and
harbor as one fully justifying the liberal policy
of the Government.
I desire furthermore to state that that city
of Holland and vicinity has been built up ori-
ginally by emigrants direct from Holland, in
Europe, and the large majority of the citizens
of the locality is made up of these industrious,
enterprising, and worthy people. Plying the
ax, the hoe, and the oar with their accus-
tomed vigor, based upon frugal habits and
strict integrity, they have risen to strength in
numbers, opulence in wealth, and general re-
spect for iheir zeal, morals, and Christianity.
Will the committee now refuse to so far rec-
ognize this worth by denying the small appro-
priation asked for a beacon light-house at the
harbor? I cannot believe it. While I have
endeavored to be as prudent as possible in the
way of expenditures, so long as the burdens of
the people are not materially lightened by tax-
ation, members will bear me out in the remark
that for all necessary works of the Government
I have not withheld my voice for their com-
pletion. While co in bating the manner in which
the contracts had been let for the erection of
the N ew York and Boston post office buildings,
as wrongfully taking excessive amounts from
the Treasury, as soon as those contracts were
set aside none have been more prompt to vote
proper amounts for the construction of those
buildings under a just expenditure than I have.
I also accord fully with the remarks of thegen-
tlemau from Texas when he said that Govern-
ment works should correspond with the great-
ness and strength of the nation. It is my view,
sir, that when we believe the interests of the
nation demand public works and improvements
they should comport with the dignity and abil-
ity of this vast country.
I therefore ask for a tithe of the same just
and liberal policy in granting the small sum
that I ask for this harbor. It is not merely the
expenditure of so many dollars that should be
considered, but it is the necessity to commerce,
and, beyond all this, the protection to life.
The activity that the improvement of this
harbor will give to its shipping must neces-
sarily involve greater risk of lives. It cannot
be that the small sum of $0,000 will be with-
held when the refusal to erect a light-house
there must inevitably imperil the lives of
sailors and commercial men passing to and
from the various ports in the prosecution of
their business. It is a question of safety to
life and property, and I do not think t'hateven
the economic chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations will object to my amendment
asking for this appropriation.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me that this
matter had better wait till the next session of
Congress, when it will come in regularly with,
the other estimates. It was not in the esti-
mates submitted at ihe present session; so that
it does not appear to have been considered
necessary when those estimateswere prepared.
Mr. FERRY, i beg to reply to the chair-
man that I trust he will not let his almost con-
stitutional instinct of economy oppose this
appropriation. The reason it was not in the
estimates I gave when I remarked that it,
was r.ot known that the harbor was in such
condition of forwardness as to need a light-
house this season. The Light-House Board
so regarded it. and I could not then press the
necessity. But since then I have learned of
its better condition and greater necessity; and
though too late to be formally considered by
the Committee on Appropriations, it is not
