4858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
now too late to do justice to what I am confi-
dent should be granted.
The amendment of Mr. Ferby was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To establish a, light to mark the pier .at the harbor
of Plymou th, Duxburv, and Kingston, in the State
of Massachusetts, $17,931 43.
Mr. AlcCORMIOK, of Missouri. This seems
to be a very large appropriation for a single
light.
Mr. DAWES. It is to establish a new light
at a very perilous point. This appropriation
is one of those which were marked "No. 1."
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I do not
oppose the establishment of this light; but it
seems to me the amount proposed to be appro-
priated is enormous.
Mr. DAWES. The gentlemen will see right
above it an appropriation of $"20,000. The
sum embraced in the paragraph is what the
Department estimated as the lowest figure.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. DA WHS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Buffinton re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, having had under consider-
ation the Union generally, and particularly the
bill (H. R. No. 2165) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
tile year ending June 80, 1871, and for other
purposes, had come to no resolution thereon.
AMENDMENT OF PATENT LAWS.
On motion of Mr. JENCIvES, by unanimous
consent, Senate amendments to the bill (If.
E. No. 1711) to revise, consolidate, and amend
the statutes relating to patents and copyrights,
were taken from the Speaker's table, non-
concurred in, and a committee of conference
ordered.
BRIDG13 ACROSS NIAGARA MVUU
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Commerce
Senate amendments to the bill (II. K. No. 489)
to authorize the construction and maintenance
of a bridge across the Niagara river, with a
recommendation that the amendments be con-
curred in.
The Cierk read the amendments of the Sen-
ate, as follows:
In section one, line nine, after the word " Legis-
lature'' insert "now in force."
Iti line twenty-three, after " Secretary of War,"
insert" but not to be located south of Squaw lb bind;''
so as to read:
Tli-it the location of any bridge the construction
of which is hereby authorized shall bo subject to the
appiova.l of the Secretary of War, but not to be located
south of Squa\~ Island.
Ktrike out in line twonty-five " two hundred" and
insert "one hundred and sixty;-' so as thread:
That such bridge shall have at least two draws of
not less than one hundred and sixty feet in width in
the elcar between the piers.
In lines twenty-sei'enand twenty-eight, strike out
the words "and the location and plan of the same
f,h:ill be subject to the approval of the Secretary of
War," and insert "and the piers of said bridge shall
bo parallel to the current of said river.''
Insert in section two the following:
Ami be it further enacted. That the bridge herein
named shall be subject in its construction to the
supervision of the Secretary of War oi the United
States, to whom the plans and specilieations relative
to its construction shall be submitted lor approval;
and all railway companies desiring to use said bridge
shall have and be entitled to equal rights and privi-
leges in the passage of Hie same and in iheusecf the
machinery and tixtures thereof, and of all the ap-
proaches thereto, under and upon such terms and
condition? as shall be piescribcd by the district court
of the United States for the northern district of New
Yoik, upon hearing all the allegations aadprooisof
the parties, in case they shall not agree.
Insert as section three the following:
And he it further enacted. That the right to alter or
amend this act, so as to prevent or remove all mate-
rial obstructions to the navigation of the said river
by the construction of the said bridge, is hereby
expressly reserved.
Mr. MATNAUD. Does this come from the
Committee on Commerce?
The SPEAIyliB. The gentleman from New
York has so stated. lie reports back the bill
with the Senate amendments, with tho recom-
mendation that they be concurred in.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. BENNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Sena-te were
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BARK BUSY.
On motion of Mr. PLATT, by unanimous
consent. Senate joint resolution No. 191, grant-
ing an American register to the British-built
bark Busy, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ELDR1DGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was referred
to the Committee on Commerce ; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DECEASE OF HON. DAVID JTUATOX.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker,
I rise in the discharge of a most painful duty,
and that is to announce to the House the
death of my colleague and friend, Hon. David
Heaton, a member of this House from the
second congressional district of the State of
North Carolina. The death of Colonel Hjsaton
was not entirely unexpected; for an insidious
and fatal disease, consumption, had taken deep
hold of his vitals, and to-day it claims him as
its victim.
Sir, the sorrow which I express is not the
stereotyped formality which my position as a
colleague upon this lloor would naturally sug-
gest; but I feel in his loss I have indeed lost a
friend, a true and valued friend. Although I
had not known him long, my acquaintance with
him beginning on my entrance into public life
here as a member of the Fortieth Congress,
still I can say that he was my valued friend,
one wliotn I had tried and found true.
Mr. Speaker, we are too apt to discover the
faults and errors of men in public life and to
parade them before the world, and when they
are dead and gone to bury their errors and
faults with them and only remember what was
good. I leel, in saying there was much that
was good and nothing that was ill in David
Heatox, that I do not transgress the bounds
of truth and propriety.
And, sir, it to-day the many who knew him
in the three several States in which he acted in
public life should go and stand before his life-
less remains, I would dare any one of them to
point to the motionless body and assert that
the deceased had ever done him wrong. The
integrity of his heart, the purity of his char
actor, the sweetness of his disposition, and the
correctness of his life endeared him to many,
very many friends all over this country, if
he had an enemy, I have yet to discover the
fact.
Colonel IIeatox at the time of his death was
but forty-seven years old. Born in the State
of Ohio, at an early age he was honored with
a seat in the senate of that State. But failing
health carried him to the milder climate of
Minnesota, where he was three limes succes-
sively elected to its State senate. In the year
1803 he was called by the 110w Chief Justice
of the United States, Mr. Secretary Chase, to
be a special Treasury agent for the State of
North Carolina. I did not know Colonel Heaton j
at that time. But I have met and conversed
with many whose business associations threw
them into daily contact with him, and from
every one of them I have received the unan-
imous verdict that, charged as he was with
the disbursement and receipt of large sums of
money, his honor, his character, his integrity
remained throughout unsullied.
After the war had closed the people of Fre-
mont county, in which be had settled, sent him
to the State convention which had been funned
to reorganize our constitution and assist in the
reconstruction of the State of North Carolina.
In that body he was honored with the chair-
manship of the committee on the bill of
rights, and the duties he performed in that
capacity earned for him a name that may be
envied by any one in the State of North Caro-
lina. Aft er that lie was nominated and elected
to the Fortieth Congress, and again to the
present Congress; and since he has been finally
confined by the disease which has proved fatal
he was unanimously renominated by the people
of his district for reelection to the Forty-Sec-
ond Congress. I doubt if any adopted citizen
of the Slate of North Carolina—or I might,
perhaps, say any native citizen of tbat State—
enjoyed in a higher degree the conSdenee of
the people of all classes, all parties, and all
races more than our deceased friend; and
perhaps no higher tribute could be paid to his
worth, to his honor, and to his integrity than
to say that, living as he did in the course of
his public life with responsibilities of a high
order resting upon him at all times in the three
several States in which he had resided, he
died—and I hope I am not invading the sanc-
tities of private life when I say it—he died a
poor man. After having had many millions
of dollars at his disposal, at the termination
of his public life he was comparatively poor.
Perhaps it may be not unprovidential, when
wc have so much of intense personal bitter-
ness in our politics, that we sometimes sus-
pend and neglect real legislation to engage in
crimination and recrimination—perhaps it may
be not unprovidential that one of the best and
purest of us is taken away. It may, sir, be a
wholesome lesson to us. It may teach us that
there is a higher tribunal than this House ; that
there is a higher bar than that of public opin-
ion, at which we must all finally stand, and be
judged by a Judge who knows only right and
justice. I sincerely trust that if you, sir, or
1 shall be the next to be called away, or who-
ever it may be, I trust we may be as ready to
meet the summons as was my departed friend.
Soon his seat will be filled by another; and
I indulge the hope that that other may possess
the same integrity of heart, the same honesty
of purpose, the same conscientious patriotism
that my departed colleague and friend, Dayid
Beatox, possessed.
Mr. Speaker, I move the adoption of the
following resolutions:
llezolvcd. That tho House hears with profound
regret, the death of Hon. David Heatox, member
from tho second district ot North Carolina.
Keiolved, That as a testimony of respect for the
memory of the deceased, tho members and officers
of this House will wear the usual badge of mourn-
ing for thirty days.
Jle*olued, Tbat the Speaker appoint a committee
of live members of this House to accompany tho re-
mains to the national cemetery at Newborn, North
Carolina.
lle&olved. That the proceedings of the JInuse in
relation to the death of Hon. David 1Ii:iton' b 
communicated to his family by the Clerk.
liewtoci, That, as a luriher mark ot respect for
tho deceased, the House do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to second the resoluiious offered in
regard to my departed and much-esteemed and
respected colleague, David Heatox.
Residing in one extreme end of the State
and I in the other, I had not the pleasure of
Mr. Heatox's personal acquaintance until the
autumn of the year 1800. It was ray good for-
tune to meet with him at that time in the first
Republican mass convention that ever assem-
bled at the capital of my native and his adopted
State. Although not having met in person
prior to that occasion, we knew each other's
views in reference to the great questions that
were then agitating the country. Our first,
meeting was ot the most pleasant character.
Associated with myself as the presiding oifieer
of that mass convention, acting as vice pres-
ident, he rendered valuable services by aiding
myself in the discharge of a duty in a capacity
which. ;ii i or to thai occasion, was quite limited.
J he Republicans of North Carolina are in-
debted to David Heatg.n', as tho author and
