3914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Mr. BAYARD. In section twenty-two, line
nine, there is a provision for the pay of mem-
bers of the Ipgislative assembly during their
attendance. I move to put in the word '' actual''
between "their" and "attendance."
Mr. HAMLIN. That is well enough.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. By the eighteenth section
power is given to the legislative assembly to
" create, modify, repeal, or amend within said
district corporations, aggregate," &c. I pre-
sume that this power is intended to apply only
to corporations created under this legislative
assembly, and not to corporations created here-
tofore by act of Congress. The power here
seems to be general to repeal and modify all
acts of incorporation. I should like to qualify
it by inserting at the end of the section:
Provided, That the power herein given to modify,
repeal, or amend private acts of incorporation shall
not extend to such corporations heretofore created
by Congress,
Mr. HAMLIN. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
election officers.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Committee on the'
District of Columbia have had under consider-
ation the bill (S. No. 948) amendatory of act
approved February 5, 18G7, and joint resolu-
tion, approved March 29, 3807, relative to
judges and commissioners of elections in the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, District
of Columbia, and have instructed me to report
it back with a recommendation that it pass;
and I ask for immediate action on it.
By unanimous consent, the' bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the act approved February 5, 1867,
entitled "An act to punish illegal voting in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes,"
and the joint resolution approved March 29,
1867, entitled "A joint resolution relativeto the
payment of expenses incurred by judges of elec-
tions in the cities of Washington and George-
town, District of Columbia," be amended so as
to prevent any officer or employ6 of the corpor-
ation of the cities of Washington or George-
town from serving either as a judge or commis-
sioner of election.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire how that
will probably affect the approaching election.
I understand it is to prevent any officer of the
city of Washington from acting as a judge or
1 officer of election.
ilr. PATTERSON. It provides for what
is in itself right and proper. How it will affect
the coming election is more than I know.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not speak of the result
of the election, but I speak of the organization
Cor holding the election. Will it not probably
affect some of these offices and embarrass the
authorities in filling these vacancies?
Mr. PATTERSON. I think not. Itisvery
much desired by citizens of Washington who
are most interested in the coming election. I
understand that some of the officers of the cor-
poration are acting on these boards, holding
two offices. At the same time that they are
corporation officers they are managing the
enrollment. The president of the board of en-
rollment is one instance of this kind, I think.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that this matter
should go over until to-morrow, and I there-
fore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope my friend will with-
draw that motion. I wish an executive session
for three minutes.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that the Sen-
ate now proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Several. Senators. Oh, no; let us adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I simply wish an executive
session that an order may be made to print
some papers.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 28, 1870.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. VICKERS presented the memorial of a
committee appointed at a meeting of the citi-
zens of Cambridge, Maryland, held on the 19th
of May, 1870, praying an appropriation for the
improvement of the harbor at that place; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition from
the American Cable Company, a corporation
established under the laws of New York, in
which they set forth that they propose to lay
a cable from New York to the Azores islands;
from the Azores islands by one branch to Lis-
bon, in Portugal, and by another to Land's
End and London, in England, and from Land's
End to Havre and Amsterdam ; and they ask
the consent of Congress and such aid as Con-
gress is willing to afford them in this enterprise.
1 move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition from
colored citizens of Maryland, in which they set
forth that the agents of slavery yet live and
act and hurt; that they are exposed to slave-
ocrafcic proscription when they travel by water
or laud; that they are treated in accordance
with the infamous decision of the late Chief
Justice; that even as near the doors of Con-
gress as the Chesapeake they are denied com-
fortable lodgings when they are in transitfrom
one place to another, and are assigned quar-
ters under the cattle's feet, where they actually
experience bodily harm. They ask for a rem-
edy to be supplied by Congress. This whole
subject is now pending before the Committee
on the Judiciary on a bill which I have intro-
duced myself, and I move the reference of this
petition to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
rep0uts of committees.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 928) to settle the claims of
the Foundry Methodist Episcopal Church, and
for other purposes, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1926) to in-
corporate the American Union Academy of
Literature, Science, and Art, reported it with
an amendment.
military road in oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a petition of
certain citizens of Oregon, have instructed me
to report a little bill, and I should like to have
it passed now. I do not believe it will take
more than a minute. It is simply to change
the name of a place in a wagon-road act. It
amounts to nothing except a mere formal mat-
ter, and I should like to have it acted on now.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 952)
to amend an act entitled "An act granting
lands to the State of Oregon to aid in the
construction of a military road from Albany,
Oregon, to the eastern boundary of said State,"
was read ihree times, and passed. It proposes
to attend the first section of the act mentioned
by striking out the words "by way of Canon
City," and inserting the words "by way of
Camp Harney."
public building in trenton.
Mr. SIOCKTON. Iasktheunanimouscon-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
892, reported some time since from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
892) to provide for a building suited to the use
of the post office, the pension and revenue offi-
cers, and the judicial officers of the United
States, in the city of Trenton, New Jersey,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to cause to be constructed
a suitable building, fire-proof, at Trenton, New
Jersey, for the accommodation of the post
office, United States circuit and district courts,
pension and internal revenue offices; and for
this purpose appropriates $100,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, who is to cause proper plans and
estimates to be made, so that no expenditure
shall be made or authorized for the full com-
pletion of the building beyond the amount ap-
propriated ; but no money hereby appropriated
is to be used or applied for the purpose until a
valid title to the land "for the site of such build-
ing shall be vested in the United States, and
until the State shall also duly release and re-
linquish to the United States the right to tax
or in any way assess the site, or the property
of tho United States that may be thereon, dur-
ing the time that the United States shall be or
remain the owner thereof.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
southern pacific railroad bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The morning
business is now concluded.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask that the reso-
lution I offered two or three days ago may be
read.
Mr. RICE. There was a resolution intro-
duced a few mornings ago, in regard to making
the Texas Pacific railroad bill a special order,
that I should like to have acted upon now.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will create some
debate and interfere with the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would rather not give
way if it is to lead to debate.
Mr. RICE. If it leads to debate I will not
press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the first resolution providing for a
special order is the resolution of the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to make the bill
(S. No. 890) to reduce taxation a special order,
and he desired that to be the first of the special
orders made.
Mr. RICE. I have no objection to that
being done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
not make any special orders now. The Sen-
ator from Michigan has got the floor, and I
think he ought to be allowed to proceed with
his remarks.
Mr. RICE. The Northern Pacific Railroad
Company have got their bill through, and I do
not see why the Southern Pacific should not
have a right to be heard in the Senate. I think
it is entirely proper that the bill should be
made a special order. No one made any
objection to the Northern Pacific railroad bill
being made a special order, or to the bill being
passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Michigan yields the floor, the Senator
from Arkansas can move to pass over all the
other resolutions in regard to snecial orders to
take up his.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
not press the motion, if it is to be debated. I
will give way if a vote can be taken upon it.
Mr. RICE. If the Senator will give way for
action on this motion I will make a motion to
pass over all prior orders for the purpose of
acting on that resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. Evidently there is not a
majority of the Senate present, and I do not
fclimk we ought to make a special order in so
