2026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
proof that this bill should not be passed at all,
either with or without the Bingham amend-
ment.
But I know the world moves. Our Demo-
cratic opponents are learning to realize that
the right of suffrage is an assured and endur-
. ing right for all male citizens. Their leaders
are learning wisdom. The keen sagacity of
ex-Scnator Hendricks has recently led him to
give some sound advice to his allies in the
South. Others will follow in his track ; and
the great contest in the future in the South
will not be waged by the Democrats for the
destruction of the political force existing in the
votes of colored men, but for the control of
that force.
I remember not long since in my own State
there were sections in which to vote or talk as
a Republican was dangerous, and where now
the people would not think of molesting any
man for either. The people do not like our pol-
itics. How should they ? They were rebels; we
were loyal. They have lost all by their political
action; we are with the winners in this great
game. They wish us no good. In my State
the Democrats have learned that the State gov-
ernment can make itself felt, and that it is de
facto the power which rules, and their effort
is to obtain control of that government by the
votes of all the people. If the government, of
Georgia is less efficient, or if in the next nine
months it shows that it is not able to control
the unruly elements which compose Georgia
society, then it will be an evidence that the
administration should be changed, or that, the
State isin no condition to be released from mil-
itary law. If, however, the State of Georgia is
in sueh a condition that she should be admitted
to her rights as a peer among the States of this
Union, and if a clear majority of her legal
voters shall be opposed in the election of 1870
to the continuance in power of the present
State administration, the imposition by Fed-
eral power of that administration upon her
people for two years more would be an outrage
scarcely second to the attempt to impose the
Lecompton constitution upon the people of
Kansas. One or the otherliorn of the dilemma
must be accepted ; keep her entirely under the
control of the United States, rule her by the
strong arm of Federal power, or allow her
constitution to bo the rule of her conduct and
her people to select their rulers under it. If
desperate men attempt to interfere with tin;
legitimate exercise of the right of suffrage let
her Executive call upon the United Slates for
force to suppress this practical rebellion,unless
he can command the power to control it by
the loyal people of the State. Congress, the
Executive, the people of the United States,
will heartily indorse any measures by the Gov-
ernor of Georgia lawfully taken to secure a
fair election; and if these fail there need be
no fear that calls for aid to effect this lawful
purpose will be unheeded by the patriotic and
loyal Executive of the United States.
The striking out of the Bingham amendment
would, I insist, be a practical enactment of a
violation of the constitution of Georgia. If
Georgia bo yet in our handst.his should be pre-
vented. If Georgia be not in our hands why
is this bill here?
I hear the cries of murder, violence, oppres-
sion, which come from Georgia. I feel the
woes which afflict suffering men and women
in that State. I know the desperate and brutal
character of large numbers of men whose acts
against our Republican friends in Georgia
rival in atrocity the blackest deeds history
records. Are they so general, so widespread
as to constitute a rebellion against the govern-
ment which has been set up in the State and
against the United States? If so, this is no
time to consider a measure of this charac-
ter. Or are they exceptional and of such ex-
tent that a legitimate State government should
control them ? Why, then, set up an excep-
tional, an illegitimate State government?
Let us not deceive ourselves. Pass this meas-
ure without the Bingham amendment and we
shall ere long have the "Georgia question"
before us again. Can it be supposed that bit-
terness, party strife, outrage, and violence will
be decreased by a measure which isin palpable
violation of the organic law you have approved
and enacted for Georgia? Will Democratic
citizens of Georgia be induced to join the Re-
publican party because, having just punished
them for infractions of that constitution, you
now permit, nay enact, a violation of its spirit
and purposes by our own political friends?
I do not anticipate any very happy state of
political affairs in Georgia under any legisla-
tion at present. Too many elements of discord
exist, too much passion and prejudice; the evil
spirit of the past is yet too flagrant to allow us
to expect the early creation—I do not say res-
toration, for you do not restore what never
existed—of a wholesome regard by many of
the people of Georgia for the rights of man,
and especially the rights of colored men and
loyal men. This can only come by the influ-
ence of time in cooling passion, in wearing
away prejudice, in educating the ignorant, in
civilizing the barbarous. The strength of a
vigorous State government, which shall reflect
the opinions of the best people of the State and
which shall exist by virtue of and in accordance
with the constitution of Georgia and the Con-
stitution of the United States, may do much to
reduce to order and subjection the discordant
elements.
If Georgia be not in a condition to elect
State officers who will do all that such officers
can properly do for the reign of order and law,
then let us hold her under the power which
the rebellion of her people has rendered para
mount to all other power as she is now placed.
One word as to the point whether the prcs-
est State government of Georgia is provis-
ional. Not that I mean to discuss that ques-
tion. The eloquent Senator from Indiana is
satisfied that it is "provisional." The elo-
quent Senator from Vermont is satisfied that
it is not. When such doctors of the law dis-
agree what shall those say who have never
worn the judicial robes, who make no pre-
tense—
" To sever and divide
A hair 'twixt north and northwest side?"
But I wish to ask the Senator from Indiana
a question. Since the government of Georgia
for two years past has, as he says, been pro-
visional, and since the general commanding
has exercised under the reconstruction laws
the power of removal and appointment of State
officers, and since it is alleged that protection
to life, liberty, and property has been pre-
vented, and is now prevented, by the character
of the judges and other State officers, why was
not the general commanding, either of his own
motion or impelled so to do by the advice of
the Governor, displaced these judicial obstruc-
tions in the way of justice and liberty, and seated
in their places the friends of the oppressed, the
true men of Georgia? Would not General
Terry have promptly responded to a icquest
of Governor Bullock for such removal if just
cause had been shown ? Do we not know Gen-
eral Terry's devotion to the cause of equal
rights? lias it occurred to Governor Bullock
to aid his people by this use of his influence ?
This provisional government system is very
flexible. It bends and yields almost any way
to suit the will of the master that controls it.
It is to be regretted that its powers havo not
been more freely used in Georgia to save our
oppressed and suffering political friends from
the cruel wrongs which have undoubtedly been
imposed upon them. Arid since this govern-
ment has been treated as provisional, and as
in all respects subject to be modified and con-
trolled by our military commandant, and since,
from the nature of the case, the Governor of
the State and that commandant, having com-
mon purposes and being equally desirous of
accomplishing those purposes, would he in-
clined to draw together, I confess that it is
matter of surprise that so many unjust judges,
so many disloyal magistrates and sheriffs, are
exercising power in the provisional State of
Georgia. Or is it barely possible that Gov-
ernor Bullock has but recently discovered this
"provisional" jewel in the crown ofhisState?
Mr. President, 1 am aware that it is an un-
gracious task to oppose men who call upon us
for a particular measure of relief. 1 listened
to the eloquent appeal of the Senator from
Mississippi yesterday, and wished in my heart
I could vote with him on this bill. I feel all
he feels. I know as well as he does the evils
which he so eloquently depicts. My instincts,
my sympathies are ail on his side. I will go
just as far as he will in any measure which
seems to me to be a lawful, a constitutional,
a fit measure for affording safety and protec-
tion to that race of which he is so worthy, so
able a representative. 1 know their excellent
qualities; I saw their praiseworthy conduct,
their humane, their magnanimous conduct
during the trying times of the rebellion. I
have seen their law-abiding, their docile, their
manly, their magnanimous course since. I
shall stand by and defend their rights just as
long as my life lasts, just as long as I stand by
my own. But I cannot consent to do for them
what I would not do for my own race. I can-
not consent for them to violate what seems to
be correct policy, not for Georgia alone, but
for the whole country. Men, arms, money I
will vote to defend the privileges of all classes
in Georgia. To take from the people of Geor-
gia a right plainly given in their own constitu-
tion, a constitution approved by Congress, and
to do this in violation of the spirit of our agree-
ment with them, is a sacrifice of principle too
great to make. The end sought by the Senator
from Mississippi is a good one; the means by
which he proposes to accomplish it I do not
think can be justified, nor do I think thgm
efficient for the end sought.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I do not
wish to darken counsel by words on this sub-
ject without knowledge, and hence 1 fear to
add anything to what has been said on this
Georgia question. It is not very transparent,
and is considerably mixed 
Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator
from Kansas will give way to a motion that we
go into executive session I will make that
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Kansas
yield?
Mr. POMEROY. If it is the pleasure, of the
Senate to have an executive session I will not
stand in the way of it.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I hope we
may go ou with the Georgia bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Missouri.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 21, noes 19.
Mr. STEWART. I,call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays2o; as follows:
YEAS—Mesoi'j:. Borcman, Brownloiv, Casserly,
Chandler, Cole, Drake, Font on, Hamlin, Iinrljn,
Harris, Howard, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, Mor-
rill oi Vermont, Morton, Noiton, Pomcroy, Pool,
Pratt, Kamsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Spruguc.
btoekton, bumner, xipton, Vickers, Warner, and
tates—3L.
Jlessrs. Abbotfc, Buckingham, Carpenter.
Conkling, Havis, Edmunds, Perry, i'owler, Gilbert,
Howe, AlcOrecry, -McDonald, Nye, Obborn, Revels
iiice, ltosd, Sehurz, Spenccr, Stewart, Xhunnan,
lrurabulj! AViUey, Williams, and Wilson—:!5.
AL&iiijNx—jncssrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
CatteH, Corbott, Cragin, Hamilton, Lewi?, Morrill
ot Maine, Patterson, SauUbury, Sherman, and
Thayer—13.
So the motion was agreed to 5 and the Son-
ate proceeded to the consideration of execu-
tive business. After some time spent in ex-
ecutive session, the door.? were reopened, arid
the Senate adjourned.
