18Y0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
41st Gong. ... 2d Sess.
Admission of Virginia—Mr. Thayer.
Senate .
nation, through whatever channels it may flow
into the Treasury, and they are properly jeal-
ous of the disposition of the treasure thus con-
tributed ; and it becomes us, as their Repre-
sentatives, to guard every possibility of leakage
to the detriment of the people's interest. Let
economy be our study; let us apply the test
everywhere, and I know of no more appro-
priate point to commence anew this work than
by the passage of this bill, which while it
reduces all to equal postal facilities saves mil-
lions of dollars and will lead to other econo-
mies in expenditures, and, better than all,
paves the way eventually for the adoption of
that great boon to the people, popular 'penny
postage.
It has been proposed in some of the bills
offered that stamps or money be substituted
for the use of members instead of the frank.
I hope not. That would cause an evil second
only to the use of the frank. Our constituents
will soon understand the necessity of paying
postage on everything that pertains to their
personal interest; and I am sure if any of them
desire public documents they will willingly and
cheerfully pay the postage on them. Members
will therefore be put to very little expense for
postage, and with their present salary this out-
lay will not be a heavy tax upon them. I re-
member, when a member of the State Legisla-
ture, that the wife of one of the members went
to a store and purchased a silk dress with post-
age stamps received by her husband while a
member of that body. The system became a
great evil there, and if inaugurated here I fear
would become as great a one if not worse. I
say, therefore, no postage stamps or money;
but let us stand on a clear, clean footing of
economy, saving all the expense we can for
the Government and for the people.
This bill if passed is to take effect the 1st
of July nex^, which will give all time to clear
out the documents they may have on hand. It
will also empty some of the rooms in the Capi-
tol now filled with documents, and thus make
more room for committees, which is nowgreatly
needed.
Mr. Speaker, I hope this bill will pass,
and that not one member will be found to
vote against it. I do not always expect to be
a member of Congress with the privilege of
the frank; and when I retire from these Halls
and from among the great and learned men of
our country to private life I want to enjoy with
my fellow-citizens and the masses of the peo-
ple lighter taxes and cheap postage ; and while
I remain hero I shall do all in my power to
bring about these ends, and shall now vote fot
this bill.
Mr. BENTON. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. I wish to know who are
the members of Congress who have disposed
of their public documents in the way he de-
scribes ?
Mr. HILL. I desire to explain that those
to whom I have referred are ex-members—not
members of the present Congress. [Laughter. ]
Admission of Virginia.
SPEECH OP HON. J. M. THAYER,
03? nebraska,
In the Senate of the United States,
January 17 and 18, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 783) to admit the State of Virginia to rep-
resentation in the Congress of tho United States-
Mr. THAYER said:
Mr. President : It is difficult for me to
believe that the Senator from Nevada who
has charge of this bill [Mr. Stewart] is anx-
ious to bring it to a vote. He has on several
occasions entreated the Senate to pass it, and
then when we were about to vote on import-
ant amendments pending he has interposed a
speech, and when we were coming to a vote,
according to agreement, then again he has sub-
stituted the House bill and interposed another
speech. By doing that he is drawing a speech
from me which I should not have made.
The very tenor of the remarks of the Senator
from Nevada evinced to my mind the extreme
distrust which he enfertains of the State of
Virginia after this bill shall pass, if that is to
be the decision of Congress. He wants the
finishing stroke put upon the ratification of the
fifteenth amendment within a week. Why have
he and other Senators urged the Governor of
Nebraska, who happens to be sitting in the
Chamber, to convene the Legislature of that
State within ten days from to-day in order that
she may ratify it? Why this urgent haste?
Because they fear, and almost, I would say,
believe that Virginia will attempt to undo the
ratification of the fifteenth amendment; that
Virginia may trample under foot the laws of
Congress which have been passed for the pro-
tection of the loyal people of Virginia.
The Legislature of Nebraska I can say, and
I do it by authority, will be convened during
the month of February, and that she will ratify
the fifteenth amendment is beyond a doubt;
for there is but one Democratic State Senator
in the Senate and but four Democratic mem-
bers in the House. That is the way we make
Republican States in the West.
1 need hardly recall the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact that Nebraska applied here for
admission, and that conditions were imposed
upon her to the effect that there should be uni-
versal suffrage in the State of Nebraska. We
did not regard it as a degradation upon that
State, but accepted the condition in good faith.
I do not propose to vole for the admission of
Virginia upon the naked bill of the House of
Representatives after having submitted to the
imposition of conditions upon the State of
Nebraska. How is it that the Congress of the
United States, after three years more of pro-
gress, can now propose to admit this State
without conditions or guarantees ? Mother of
States, was she! One of the mothers of seces-
sion and treason ; for the abominable monster
of treason required more than one mother.
She, with her record red with human blood, is
now to pass through Congress without a condi-
tion and without a guarantee. Why is this? I
have heard the question asked repeatedly dur-
ing the progress of this debate, why is it that
conditions were required of a loyal people when
assuming the obligations of statehood and
which are not required of a State which swung
from her moorings in the Union, joined the
southern confederacy, raisedarmies, andfought
through four years to destroy the Union?
This bill has been pushed forward with most
extraordinary energy, most extraordinary de-
termination, and with most unprecedented
haste. Virginia has been eight years out of
the Union. Where is the extreme necessity
for the haste which has been manifested in
pressing forward this bill ? Not a day nor an
hour could be given for investigation, for
examination into the facts, or an examination
into the allegations which were made here by
citizens of Virginia over their own signatures.
1 know not who they are nor what they are;
but the memorial came in a form which enti-
tled it to respect and consideration. Not an
hour could be given, and they, professing to
be the loyal people of Virginia, were met in
the Senate ofthe United States with contumely,
denunciation, and abuse from Republican Sen-
ators. I know not what illusion may have come
upon honorable Senators; whether they are at
fault or whether I am at fault and those who
vote with m e; whether lam laboring under a de-
lusion or are they; but I do say that thesa scenes
are most extraordinary. We have heard de-
nunciations in this Chamber from Senators
which have created a feeling of surprise. We
had been accustomed to hear such denuncia-
tions during the last three years from Senators
of an opposite political faith on this floor.; but
during the progress of this debate those Sen-
ators have been silent; others have done their
work; others have fought their battle.
_ Now, Mr. President, let me call your atten-
tion to another fact. More than one, two, three,
four, or half a dozen, or a dozen Senators who
favor the passage of the bill for the admission
of Virginia have frankly confessed that they
do it with extreme reluctance and extreme dis-
trust. They frankly admit that they fear the
consequences; that they fear Congress will
within a twelvemonth be called upon to take
action in regard to Virginia for the violation
of the conditions of her admission or for the
violation of the fifteenth amendment. Seeing
the danger, they rush madly on; seeiDg tho blun-
der, they make haste to repeat it. A vessel
strikes upon a sunken rock and sinks beneath
the waves; the master of another in full view
puts on all steam, crowds all sail, and drives
his ship upon the same sunken rock and sinks
beneath the waves. Where is the prudence,
the common judgment, which would influence
Senators in the ordinary affairs of life, that, con-
fessing the danger, this bill is thus pushed for-
ward through the two Houses of Congress?
Where is the statesmanship of this policy?
I read in the public prints that on the
announcement of the vote in the other House
on the passage of the bill admitting Virginia
it was received with rapturous applause. It
recalled to my mind the fact that on the pas-
sage of the ordinance of secession there was
one shout of joy that went up through all Vir-
ginia at the severance of her relations with the
Union. The measure may meet with that same
applause in this Chamber if it is to go through;
but I call to mind the fact that there are thou-
sands and thousands of men and women in
Virginia whose hearts to-day are full of the
gravest apprehensions at the gloomy prospect
that is before them. There are thousands and
hundredsof thousands of people in the State
of Virginia, every sentiment of whose soul has
beat in unison with love for their country since
that ordinance of secession passed until this
hour, who dread the passage in its present
form of the bill to restore Virginia to the
Union; and yet their appeal in this Chamber
is met with ridicule and derision.
I question no Senator's motives; I concede
to every one the same sincerity of purpose, the
same honesty of intention which I claim for
myself; but I must be permitted to say that
after the experience of the past eight years,
after the experience of the last three years in
the work of reconstruction, I have been amazed
at what has transpired in Congress during the
last week, and I am amazed at the exceeding
hot haste with which Senators have attempted
to crowd this measure through Congress.
There is another feature of this debate to
which I desire to call attention and which has
been exceedingly interesting to me. I have
remarked that a portion of the members of this
body, those who belong to the opposite polit-
ical faith, have remained entirely silent. I
could not but notice the satisfaction which
seemed to settle upon their countenances as
this debate progressed. They seem to be as
serene and composed as a summer's morning;
or, to be still more poetic, as calm and unruffled
as the waters of a moon-lit lake. There has
been nothing except an incidental allusion to
the record of the Democratic party to call forth
the impetuous eloquence of my honorable
friend from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbuuy ;] noth-
ing to invite constitutional dissertations from
my honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
