1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3915:
thin a Senate. I expect to vote for the South-
ern Pacific railroad bill; but I do not think
we ought to make it a special order when there
is not a quorum present; and especially when
the Senator in charge of the bill is absent, and
when the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Dkake,]
who has a motion pending connected with the
same matter, I think, is also absent. I assure
the Senator from Arkansas that I expect my-
self to vote for the Southern Pacific railroad
bill; but I uo not think it should bo made a
special order now.
Mr. ABBOTT. I suggest to the Senator
from Arkansas that the chairman of the Com-
mitlee on the Pacific Railroad is absent, and I
believe it is his intention to bring up first the bill
in relation to the Atlantic and Pacific road.
Mr. RICE. _ In answer to that, 1 will say
that the committee instructed the chairman to
have this bill made a special order. He has
already made the motion, and the motion is
simply lying over because it was not in order
to be considered the morning it was made. It
is now in order.
Mr. ABBOTT. I had a conversation with
the chairman of the committee yesterday in
regard to the matter, and I understood him
that yesterday or to-day he was going to make
an attempt either to make the bill in relation
to the Atlantic and Pacific road a special order,
or else to get it up to-day for action.
Mr. RICE. This motion does not interfere
with getting up the Atlantic and Pacific bill at
all. It is simply to make the Southern Pacific
railroad bill a special order, so that when it is
reached on the Calendar of special orders it
shall have its place.
Mr. ABBOTT. In my opinion the Atlantic
and Pacific bill should be made a special order
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the oraeriti which these resolutions stand
oil the Calendar of resolutions laid over, by an
arrangement made when they were all offered.
The first is the resolution of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to place the bill (S. No.
890) to reduce taxation upon the Calendar of
special orders. The next is the resolution by
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] to
place the bill (S. No. 647) to aid the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from Mar-
shall, Texas, to San Diego, California, with
branches and connections, upon the Calendar
of special orders. The third is a resolution by
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] to
place the bill (S. No. 401) to amend an act
entitled "An act granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph through
the States of Missouri and Arkansas to the
Pacific coast, by the southern route," approved
July 27, 1866, upon the Calendar of special
orders; and the next is the proposition of the
Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. RICE. No, sir; the second one that
the Chair has read is the one I am trying to
call up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the reso-
lution in regard to the bill to reduce taxation
is the only one that has priority over it on the
Calendar of resolutions laid over.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 can assure the Senator
from Arkansas that there will be no great
advantage in having this bill made a special
order. I have had a bill a special order for two
or three months, and have not been able to
get it up yet.
Mr. Ill013. My bill is popular and that is
not ; that is the difference.
Mr. RAMSEY. That remains to be seen.
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the motion of
the Senator from Arkansas?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Michigan yields, the motion of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas is to pass over the res-
olution of the Senator from Ohio, to make the
bill to reduce taxation a special order, for the
purpose of reaching the resolution to make the
bill in regard to the Southern Pacific railroad
a special order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I only'yield on condi-
tion that my resolution is to be informally
"passed over, and that the vote on this matter
is to be taken without debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I trust that there may
be some way of getting the bill to which the
Senator from Arkansas refers, which is the
Transcontinental Pacific railroad bill, before
the Senate without inconvenience to other
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will put the question first
on the resolution of the Senator from Ohio, to
place the bill to reduce taxation on the Cal-
endar of special orders. Is there objection ?
The Chair hears none. The next is the prop-
osition of the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to making any
bill a special order with this thin attendance.
By our rules, to make a special order there
must be a two-thirds vote. lam in favor of
the bill of the Senator from Arkansas ; but,
then, this morning is set apart for my friend
from Michigan, and I think it ought not to be
taken up by these other matters.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts object to the other propo-
sition, to make the bill of the Senator from
Ohio to reduce taxation a special order?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes. I object to that also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Both are objected
to, and the Senator from Michigan is entitled
to the floor.
message from tiiij house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,"
announced that the House had concurred in
the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 1293) to enforce the lights of
citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of this Union who have hitherto
been denied that right on account of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (II. R. No. 301)
to correct an error in the enrollment of a joint
resolution therein named, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R- No. 1293) to enforce the rights of
citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of this Union, and for other
purposes; and it was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
american siiii'i'ing.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Secretary to
read the resolution submitted by me on the
25th instant.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
strutted to inquire and report as fo the most feasible
and effective method for restoring the foreign com-
merce of the Unueci States to American vosseis.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER proceeded to address the
Senate upon the resolution, [liis speech will
be published in the Appendix.]
error in enrollment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
now resume the consideration of District busi-
ness, to which this day has been assigned.
Before that business is taken up, however, the
Chair will submit a joint resolution from the
House of Representatives to correct an error
in the enrollment, of a previous joint resolution,
which, as it is very short, the Chair will have
read in full.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will be acted on
at once.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 301) to cor-
rect an error in the enrollment of a joint- res-
olution therein named was read twice. It pro-
poses to amend the second section of a joint
resolution authorizing the sale of certain lands
at Springfield, Massachusetts, and for other
purposes, approved May 4, 1870, by inserting
"Byers street heretofore opened," &c., instead
of "Ryers street," &c., as erroneously en-
rolled.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that it will be put
on its passage now.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of April 9, 1870, a
report of the special commissioner appointed
to consider and report upon the character of
vessels best adapted for the revenue marine
service ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
kbpokts of committees.
M^. HOWE. I ask leave to make some
reports, as I was not present this morning
when reports were called for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will receive morning busi-
ness before calling up the business of the day.
["Agreed."]
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 945) for
the relief of Dr. Marcus Reynolds, of Sumter
county, in the Slate of South Carolina, have
directed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass. Let it go on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go on the
Calendar.
Mr. HOWE also, from the same committee,
to whom was referred the petition of J. F.
lJaurn, of Mississippi, praying compensation
for the use of his property in Vicksburg, Mis-
sissippi, by United States troops, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Franklin Peale,
praying compensation for certain improvements
made by him in the machinery and process for
refining and coining the precious metals while
he was engaged in the service of the Mint, of
whiefi the United States has received the bene-
fit,, submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE. I move that Senate bill (S.
No. 900) for the relief of Charles Spencer and
Henry \V. Spencer be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Claims. I do that under instructions
of the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of B. II.
Wright, praying the return of a certain succes-
sion tax paid by him under protest, submitted
an adverse report thereon ; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of L. Merchant & Co.,
praying compensation for the steam tug Neafie,
submitted a report thereon, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 953) for the relief of L. Merchant
& Co.
The bill was read ar.d passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom the subject was referred, reported a bill
(S. No. 951) to provide for a building suited
to the use of the post office and United States
courts in the city of Raleigh, North Carolina;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Some days ago two bills
were reported from the Committee on linanee,
one a bill (S. No. 896) relating to the duties
