1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
results of priceless value could alone extenu-
ate it in times like these. The committee think
that no fair opportunity to test the proposed
experiment can be afforded now in the haste
and suddenness which could not be avoided.
The enumeration must proceed at once; and
if the new plan has merit, and is to be
launched at' all, it should be launched with
caution, with deliberation, with opportunity
to study beforehand its bearings, to correct it
in legislation and perfect it in administration.
Therefore, returning to the statement with
which I began, the recommendation of the
committee is to leave well enough alone for
the occasion which is already upon us.
Since I have been addressing the Senate
Senators have requested me to speak again of
compensation. It is suggested that the altera-
tions of values since 1850 is such that the com-
rnsation already fixed may prove inadequate.
say in answer that diligent enumerators
earned under the act of 1850 from /our to six
doHars a day; in 1865, when gold and other
values were much higher than now, three dol-
lars a day obtained the services of enumer-
ators or ''census takers" in the State of New
York. My expectation is that when the
House bill shall be laid upon the table, or in-
definitely postponed, or the substitute of the
committee adopted, or some other determin-
ation reached, leaving the census to proceed
under the act of1850, marshals will be besieged
by crowding competitors eager for employment
with the compensation now provided.
Should there be a doubt, however, in this
regard, whenever the occasion arises the Sec-
retary of the Interior has but to recommend
that he be permitted in all cases, or in merito-
rious cases, which I think would be better, to
add to the compensation ten, or twenty, or
twenty-five per cent., preserving the old prin-
ciple, and his recommendation would be met,
no doubt, by the ready assent of Congress.
Assuming, then, that there is ground to doubt
the adequacy of the present compensation,
there can be no need of legislation in that
behalf now. Let us see; let us learn by expe-
rience whether competent service cannot be
obtained and will not be urged upon the
Department under the law as it stands.
Mr. President, before taking my seat I make
this suggestion: if amendments should be
offered to the House bill they would be in
order in priority to the question of striking out
and adopting the substitute; and thus, without
being able to obtain the sense of the Senate upon
the relative expediency of the two schemes, we
should be involved, perhaps for days, in the
consideration of details. I therefore propose,
at the proper time, to submit some motion
which will enable us to determine, before we
proceed to the minutiae of the subject, the prin-
ciple upon which we will proceed.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, before pro-
ceeding with the remarks which I have to
submit on this interesting question, I send to
the Chair a series of schedules which at the
proper time I shall move as a substitute for
the schedules of the Ilouse bill. Meanwhile,
I ask that they be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks that the proposed
amendment be printed. The Chair hears no
objection, and it is so ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, in this
debate I am no volunteer. 1 enter upon it
reluctantly. I wish that 1 could be excused;
but I found myself a member of the committee
of which the Senatorfroin New York is chair-
man, to which the census bill from the House
was referred. In the conclusion of that com-
mittee I could not agree, and at the same time
my colleagues on that committee will bear
witness that I was disposed to defer much to
their judgment, and that I seriously regretted
that I could not entirely adopt it. But, sir,
each of us judged for himself, and, under the
circumstances, on the evidence before the com-
mittee, and on such study as I had been able
to give to it, I was not able to accept the
conclusion which the rest of the committee
reached. They directed a report to super-
sede the Ilouse bill by the old law of 1850,
modified in one particular only, so as to adapt
it to the happy amendment of the Constitu-
tion by which slavery has ceased to exist.
The question is distinctly presented between
the statute of 1850 and the bill now before the
. Senate—between the old and the new—between
the plan of 1850 and the plan of 1870 ; which
of the two to choose ? The proposition of the
committee is to set aside the plan of 1870 and
fall back upon that of 1850—to discard the
new and adopt the old—to reject the Ilouse
bill and accept the early statute. To my mind
this is not wise. I may err, but it seems to me
clear that what was adequate in 1850 cannot
; from the nature of the case be adequate in 1870,
i and for two specific reasons: first, our coun-
try has made such progress and reached such
heights in these two decades, that modes and
processes ample in 1850 will fail in their appli-
cation to the new order of things; and, sec-
S ondly, statistical science has received develop-
; ment corresponding in some degree to our
resources, so that it has outgrown the stinted
proportions of the earlier date. I say, there-
fore, even without further inquiry, that to my
mind it is clear that the law of 1850 must be
insufficient. The progress of our country and
the progress of statistical science both testify
against the old law. It can be little better than
an almanac of the same date. To bring it
forward now for guidance is as if a navigator
were to take an almanac of 1850.
Sir, the census of 1850 was excellent for
the time, and I was delighted to listen to ihe
homage it received from great authorities!. It
deserved it all. It was at that day probably
the best census the world had seen. But
because it was the best in 1850, it does not
foliow that it is even sufficient for 1870.
Looking into the old law these conclusions
are confirmed. It is antiquated,.antediluvian
and inoperative. I have already said that it is
not a working machine, and 1 think you will
agree with me before I sit down. But even if
a working machine it is not in harmony with
the demands of this time. The census is the
decennial record of our national life, it is our
more than Doomsday book, it is the muster-
roll, rent-roll, and very picture of the Repub-
lic. By the census the population, pursuits,
condition, and resources of the nation will be
attested so as to be known and comprehended
at home and abroad. In this work you can-
not expect too much; but you must begin by
providing the means.
.And now, sir, at the outset, in reply to the
Senator from New York, who has very properly
set forth the origin of the law of 1850, let me
call attention to the origin of the law of 1870,
on which you are to vote. The Senator rightly
said that the earlier law was well matured;
that able men, honored in their day, gave to it
the best of their powers; but the bill on which
you are now to vote has also received remark-
able attention. An eminent member of the
otherChambergqivetoit, not weeks, but months
of a conscientious study. It was then, as I un-
derstand, considered for weeks in committee,
and afterward for days in the Chamber itself;
and the result you now have before you.
Therefore, if any claim be made for the earlier
law on account of the attention it originally
received, I make the same claim for the bill
that is now before you. Both were undoubt-
edly well matured and studied. In that respect
I would detract nothing from the earlier meas-
ure ; but I insist that in homage to the past
you shall not do injustice to the present.
. Sir, I wish to meet thia question practically,
on the facts and the testimony. I wish to meet
it also in reply to the Senator from New
York. One series of comments I would class
under the head "form and machinery,"
being the form and machinery for taking
the census; the other I would class under the
head of ''inquiries and schedules." And
now, sir, unless I am entirely mistaken, unless
the research and the time that I have been able
to give to this measure have left me entirely at
fault, I must insist that in these two great par-
ticulars the pending measure lias much the
advantage over the earlier measure. In form
and machinery it is better aud more effective;
in its inquiries ami schedules it is more com-
prehensive and complete. if it excelled merely
in form and machinery, that would be a consid-
erable reason in its favor; but if it excels in
its inquiries and schedules also, then it seems
to me there is controlling reason in its favor
which the Senate cannot neglect.
One of the considerations which I group
under the head of "form and machinery is
the cost of the census by the two different pro-
cesses. The Senator from New York portrayed
the probable cost under the House bill, and he
went into many calculations on that head, and
adduced figures. If I were at liberty to take
your time, sir, I, too, could go into calculations
and could adduce figures, which it seems to me
would be a sufficient reply to what he has said.
Who shall determine the cost? The Senate
may, on the evidence, if it will listen; hut
the evidence is minute and complex. It pro-
ceeds from, experts. Some of it the Senator
from New York laid before the Senate. I have
in my band the testimony of another expert
who addresses himself to that very point, and
who, after elaborate inquiry, arrives at the
conclusion that the cost of the census of 1870,
under the law of 1850, making allowance lor
the difference of compensation that must be
paid on account of the increased price of labor,
would amount to $6,096,000. This he sets
down as the inevitable cost of taking and work-
ing up a census upon the plan of the schedules
of 18-50, modified as the Constitution requires,
and adapted to the present prices of labor.
Sir, I do not go into these calculations. You
would not listen to them if I did. They run
into minute figures. But if there be no objec-
tion, I will have these calculations printed at
the end of my remarks to-day, so that they
may be read.in the Globe. Suffice it to say,
hoirever, that this most competent person, as
experienced in the taking of the census as
any person whose name has been cited in this
discussion, gives it as his judgment that the
cost by the two different processes will not be
materially different.
Mr. BAYARD. What is his name ?
Mr. SUMNER. # Dr. Hough. The Senator
knows well what time he has devoted to this
subject.
But, sir, I am unwilling to enlarge on the
question of cost. I like economy; 1 seek it in
administration; but I do not seek it at the
expense of the great interests of my country.
At this time a census of the most improved
character, according.to the best rules of mod-
ern science, is desired for the good of all and to
promote our national wealth by enabling peo-
ple at home and abroad to know its extent.
For that purpose I cannot hesitate on account
of additional expenditure. Let us have the best
census that the times can supply on the best
scientific principles, I will not say absolutely
regardless of cost; but in this great object let
us not be disturbed by the suggestion of addi-
tional expenditure. The object is worthy of
large expenditure. Let us meet it generously,
and apply ourselves to consider the best way
in which it can be accomplished.'
Then again, sir, it is said—such I under-
stand was an objection of the Senatorlrom New
York—that it is impossible to complete the
census under the House bill in the time'now
before us. This is a Question of opinion. The
Senator gave his opinion and he cited pne
authority much respected. Now my opinion,
on such information as is open to me, and on
communicating with acknowledged experts, is
the contrary; I believe that it can be taken in
the time now before us. I have put the ques-
tion directly to skilled persons, familiar with
