TO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 17,
Senate.
Admission of Virginia—Mr. Thayer.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Davis ;] nothing to invite a speech from any
Democratic Senator till to-day.
I wish to call attention to the fact,within the
remembrance of every Senator, that from the
day when the first reconstruction bill passed
Congress down to the 1st day of January, 1870,
whenever a measure came up touching recon-
struction in the southern States this Chamber
has rung with the denunciations of Democratic
Senators against the usurpations and the viola-
tions of the Constitution which the Republican
party were perpetrating. They have argued
from first to last that no State was ever out of
the Union when she had once been in; and in
every Democratic convention, from the na-
tional convention down to a county conven-
tion, in all the States it has been set forth that
no State was ever out of the Union. What do
we see to-day? This same Democratic party
voting a State into the Union which has never
been out. My honorable friends from Ken-
tucky, from Delaware, from California, and
from Ohio, and others are now all committed
to the admission of a State into the Union
which according to their own declarations from
year to year has never been out of the Union.
Mr. President, the world moves. The Dem-
ocratic party have come up to the doct-rine of
reconstruction and have indorsed it. They
are now committed to the provisions of our
reconstruction laws, for they are voting uni-
tedly in favor of the admission of Virginia. I
congratulate them 
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Does the Senator un-
derstand the bill now before the body as admit-
ting Virginia into the Union or simply declaring
that Virginia is entitled to representation in
Congress?
Mr. THAYER. Has she been entitled to
it before?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I asked you a question.
Mr. THAYER. I understand very well the
purport of the bill which is now under discus-
sion. It is restoring Virginia to representation
in the Union. Now, I ask my friend from
Delawareif she has never been deprived of it?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Never at any time that
she chose to avail herself of it.
Mr. THAYER. The honorable Senator
admits the correctness of my position. He is
now voting a State to be entitled to represent-
ation of which she has been deprived.
Mr. SAULSBURY. No ; I say she never
has been deprived unless she chose voluntarily
to deny herself the privilege ; she always had
the right.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Dela-
ware, then, claims that Virginia has been enti-
tled to representation from the time she seceded
until now; that she was entitled to vote for
presidential electors in 1804, according to his
own reasoning, though waging a flagrant war
against the Government. He must take one
conclusion or the other. If he is now voting
her to be entitled to representation, then she
has been deprived of it; if he is now voting
her back into the Union, then she has been
out of the Union.
The honorable'Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Saulsbiiry] thought proper to present a vindi-
cation's did also the honorable Senator from
California, [Mr. Casserly,] of the record of
the _ Democratic party. I have heard before
during this session similar references to the
Democratic party. I have noticed the taunt
thrown out before to-day during this session
that the Republican party were responsible for
the debt which accrued in the suppression of
the rebellion. Senators may yet come to claim
that the Democratic party was the party which
suppressed the rebellion, and that the Repub-
lican party was the party which inaugurated
treason. It is. said that history repeats itself.
According to what is transpiring to-day it would
seem as if history was reversing itself.
Sir, let me call attention—and I shall occupy
but a few moments of the time of the Senate
on this point—to the record of the Democratic
party. Let me ask the honorable Senator from
Delaware what party had possession of the
Government for thirty yearsprior to theinaugu-
ration of the rebellion ? It was the Democratic
party. That party had directed and shaped
the policy of the country, and was in possession
of the Government when the war commenced.
It bad possession of the executive, legislative,
and judicial departments of the Government. It
was under the policy of the Democratic party
that the war commenced. It was by the teach-
ings and the doctrines of the Democratic party
that the South were taught to rebel. It was the
Democratic party which broke faith with the
nation in repealing the Missouri compromise
which had been a sacred compact for thirty
years between slavery and freedom. That great
compact, which consecrated forever to human
freedom all the territory north of the line of
86° 30', the Democratic party violated or set
aside at the demand of the slave-masters of the
South in order to force slavery on the free soil
of Kansas. Such is the record of history.
It was by a series of aggressions and outrages
on the part of the Democratic party that the
Republican party was called into being, founded
on the great principle that all the territory of
the United States was free and that slavery
was only a sectional institution. It was by the
teachings and by th'e doctrines that were pro-
claimed by the leaders of the Democratic party
that war came. What Republican ever raised
his hand against the flag of his country ? What
Republican who voted for Mr. Lincoln ever
aided in planning treason and rebellion? Who
did it but the leaders of the Democratic party
in this Chamber and in the other Hall, who sat
in their seats making laws for the United States
during the day and then met in secret conclave
all through the winter of 1860-61 hatching
treason? Tell me not that the Republican party
brought on the war and are responsible for the
national debt.
Sir, when the war came, bad the Democratic
party of the N orth been true to the Government,
it would not have lasied six months. Having
taught the South to rebel, as the northern De-
mocracy did, by telling the South that they of the
North would stand by them and sustain them,
when the war went on it was the aid and en-
couragement given by the northern Democracy
to the South that prolonged the war year after
year. I make not this accusation against all
the Democratic party. That there were loyal
men in it I gladly admit; but I speak of it as an
organization. It was disloyal from the begin-
ning to the end of the war. When that conven-
tion met in the city of Chicago and declared
the war a failure, and demanded a cessation of
hostilities in order that peace might be made
with the rebels in arms, that resolution was
equal to an addition of one hundred thousand
men, fresh recruits, to the rebel lines, and a
corresponding draft was made upon the indus-
try and the bone and the sinew and the life of
the North to carry on the struggle thus made
the more desperate by the aid thus given to the
rebels by their allies of the North. The sol
dier of the Union never went into battle with-
out feeling conscious that he was fighting two
armies, the rebels in the front and the northern
Democracy in the rear.
Sir, it is not pleasant to review these facts
of history. I should not have done it but for
the declarations made by the honorable Sen-
ators from Delaware and California that we have
brought upon the country the war, and that
we created this immense debt. Sir, it was a
Democratic rebellion, and this is a Democratic
debt, the legitimate offspring of Democratic
rule and Democratic teaching, and as such
history will write down as the facts, in my judg-
ment, because they cannot be denied.
Now, in reference to the bill before the Sen-
ate let me remark that I am not prepared to
vote for the admission of Virginia with her pres-
ent surroundings and in her present condition
because I have not confidence that she will be
true to the amendments of the Constitution of
the United States which she has ratified, and
because I am compelled to believe by concur-
rent testimony that there will not be protection
for the loyal people of Virginia. Therefore I
prefer if I err to err on the safe side, to hold
her back until we do have sufficient guaran-
tees—guarantees which shall not be patch work,
which shall not be like heaps of sand, to be
blown to the winds. I want those guarantees
under which all the people of Virginia. Dem-
ocrats and Republicans, white and black, who
obey the laws shall enjoy the equal protection
of the laws. When 1 am satisfied that such
condition of things exists in Virginia then I am
ready to vote for her admission, but not until
then.
The honorable Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Nye,] who hasalways been so true to the cause
of reconstruction and to the cause of freedom,
made some remarks the other day which fell
upon my ears causing sincere regret on my
part. I regretted to find the shaft of his severe
sarcasm turned against those who thought it
proper to send here a respectful remonstrance
against the admission of Virginia. I regretted
to hear him say that Virginia, oppressed Vir-
ginia, long-suffering Virginia, her very locks
wet with the dews of the night 
Mr. STEWART. I never could have said
any pretty things of that sort. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. I am aware of that. My
friend from Nevada is not so poetical as bis
colleague. He must not imagine that he gives
utterance to all the pretty things that come
from the State of Nevada. [Laughter.]
He [Mr. Nye] described with affecting pathos
the hardships inflicted upon this long-suffering,
patiently-waiting State of Virginia ! She has
waited till her very locks are wet with the dews
of the night!
Sir, let me say to that honorable Senator
whose impulses and whose intentions are so
just that there are people in Virginia to-day
who are tired of waiting, waiting, waiting for
that protection which this great Government
of the United States has vouchsafed to every
citizen who respects its authority and obeys its
commands. They have waited in vain, and
they wait to-day for those guarantees and for
those assurances of equal protection which he
and I enjoy: and in my opinion if this bill
passes they will wait in vain, and you will see
hundreds and thousands of them leaving Vir-
ginia, as I have seen some within the last three
months, and seeking homes in Indiana and
Illinois, and seeking that protection of the law
which they cannot find in Virginia.
The Senator from Nevada also remarked
that he was tired of this work of reconstruc-
tion. I am not tired of the work of reconstruc-
tion, but I am tired of being beaten in the work
of reconstruction by those who could not beat
us in the field. Sir, we have struggled with
the rebellion from the very day that Andrew
Johnson betrayed his party and his country ;
we have been struggling with rebellion in try-
ing to carry out reconstruction during the last
three years, and we are struggling with it to-
day in some of the late insurgent States.
Senators have told us that we must not judge
Virginia by Georgia or Tennessee. I say it is
proper and reasonable to judge of Virginia by
what has taken place in Georgia and Tennessee.
It is proper for us to avail ourselves of all the
lights of experience, of all the facts in all the
