1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
the subject, and they assure me that it can be
taken. Therefore, sir, waiving my own opin-
ion, which I will not set against that of the
Senator from New York, I fall back upon the
opinion of the experts to whom I refer.
Then, again, sir, arises the question of com-
pensation and its mode. How shall the agents
employed be paid ? The other day I under-
took to say that the law of 1850 in that respect
would prove a failure ; that it was not at this
day a working machine; that without some
essential change adapting it to present prices
you could not obtain competent persons in
order to administer it. Further inquiry has
confirmed me in the statement which I then
made. I do not doubt it. I believe it can be
demonstrated, I was about to say, like a prop-
osition in mathematics. I have before me the
law of 1850, and will read the clause showing
how fees are regulated:
" That whenever the population returned in any
district shall exceed one million, the marshal therein
shall be entitled to receive as a compensation for all
his services in executing this act, after the rate of
one dollar For each thousand persons; but if the
numberreturnod shall be less than one millionin any
district, the marshal therein shall be allowed for his
services at the rate of $1 25 for each thousand per-
sons."
You will observe that it is a pro rata allow-
ance on the number of persons enumerated.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 do not mean to inter-
rupt the Senator; but may I ask him whether
he is speaking of the compensation to be paid
to the men who do the work of census-takers,
or the compensation to be received by the mar-
shal who' performs the constructive service of
oversight?
Mr. SUMNER. The compensation to be
paid to his aids, to his staff, to the enumer-
ators.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator sup-
pose he has read the provision for that ?
Mr. SUMNER. Not the whole.
Mr. CONKLING. If he does I beg to cor-
rect him. The provision which he has read
has nothing in the world to do with the remun-
eration of the census-takers.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is right in this
respect, that what I read is simply confined to
t.lie fees of the marshal himself; but in fhis
sentence you will see how the compensation is
regulated. There is not any specific per diem
allowed, but it is pro rata compensation, ac-
cording to the number of persons enumerated,
and then, as the Senator suggests, a further
provision is applicable to the assistants, or, as
I called them, the staff, who are to receive a
pro rata allowance, founded, as the Senator
himself undertook to explain, on a profound
mathematical principle; too profound, I sub-
mit, for practical application. But the marshal
and assistants are all paid by an allowance
according to the number of persons enumerated.
Now, sir, according to some details which I
have in my hand, it appears that the average
rate of payment of the assistants in 1850 was
$1 89 a day. I have here a very minute state-
ment, founded on different classes of returns,
the result of which is that the average rate per
day was $1 89. This statement is open to the
use of the Senate. Perhaps I had better append
it to the other statement already introduced.
It belongs to the same class of topics.
But I desire the Senate to understand that
unless these figures err, as I do not see how
they can err, for I have gone over them myself,
the average compensation under the law of
1850 for your assistants, called enumerators in
the Bouse bill, would be $1 89 a day. In 1850
this might h&ve been an adequate compensa-
tion. We all know the difference of values
thenand now. We know that then there were
specie payments. We know that then labor
could not command any such price as it now
commands. "Whom could you obtain to per-
formthis important service at the rate of $1 89
per day? Would you intrust this great work
to an army of officials thus paid ?
Ihey might do it; buthow wouldthcydoit?
°t m a y way to reflect honor upon the coun-
try, to promote its interests, or to supply what
is the just object of a census at this time. I ask
the Senate, therefore, before they determine
this question, to consider whether they will fall
back on the law of 1850, with its inadequate
compensation of $1 89 a day, or whether they
will proceed with a new bill which shall be
' fashioned according to the requirements of the
time. I stated formerly that the Senate bill
! was not a working machine. Is it a working
machine if it allows only $1 89 a day to the
enumerators? You will agree with me that it
, is not.
Then, sir, comes another question under this
i same head as to the employment of marshals.
. The Senator from New York has argued that
we must not depart from this early system.
He pleads for the marshals. There are ex-
perts, however, who do not agree with him.
One of those whom he has cited frequently to-
day, and who is undoubtedly entitled to much
| honor in this regard, Mr. Snow, of Rhode
| Island, in his communication on this subject,
| dated Providence, February 16, 1869, thus
! speaks of marshals :
! "The plan in past censuses,of committing the
' oharge of the census in the several States to the
United States marshals, has nothing whatever to
i recommend it. It is certain, and is certainly known
| beforehand, that not one in fifty of these officers has
any practical knowledge of the subject, or any special
qualifications for theservice required. I should hope
that in the census of 1870 this provision would be
abolished, and that in the several States, and per-
haps in districts of tho States, an attempt may be
made to find persons who have some special quali-
fications for the work. In this way there will be
certainly no risk of obtaining men more poorly quali-
fied than by the past mode of appointing them, and
there may be a chance for improvement."
[APPENDIX.
Cost under the law of 1850.
In 1850 there were employed 45 marshals
and 3,231 assistant .marshals in taking the
census. The growth in population has since
been seventy-two and a half per cent., and the
same kind of service would now require 78
marshals and 5,574 assistants for five months,
or 390 marshals and 27,870 assistants one
month, or 195 marshals and 13,935 assistants
two months.
The sum paid for enumeration in 1850 was
$952,401 18, which increased by seventy-two
and a half per cent, would be now $1,642,-
892 04; everything else excepting increase of
population being similar.
Skilled mechanics in 1850 did not earn more
than two dollars a day, while now they earn
four dollars; and since this rate of labor may
be fairly assumed as equitable for adjusting
the wages of enumerators, we must double the
cost at the rates of 1850 to adapt the esti-
mate to the present time; this would give
$3,285,784 08 as the present cost of the cen-
sus on the experience of 1850.
In 1860 there were employed 64 marshals
and 4,917 assistant marshals in taking the cen- j
sus, and the time allowed, as before, was five :
months.
The increase from 31,445,080 to 40,000,000,
twenty-seven per cent., and this growth of
country, would now require under similar con-
ditions 81 marshals Or deputies performing
the duties of marshals, and 5,610 assistant
marshals, for five months; equal to 405 mar-
shals or deputies and 28,050 assistant marshals
for one month.
The amount paid and due for these services
in 1860 was $1,292,206 75, which increased
by twenty-seven per cent, would now be, at
old rates and under the conditions existing
before the war, $1,641,102 57; a result very
nearly coincident with the calculation based
upon the census of 1850.
But under either estimate we must consider
that the 3,953,760 slaves of 1860 were not called
upon by the census-taker, but were reported by
their masters, and that from the fact that all
are now free, there will be (with least allow-
ance for increase), a million of families more
to be visited now than then'. The additional
inquiries imposed under article fourteen of
the amendments to the Constitution must be
added, which will necessarily, together, add at
a least calculation twenty percent, to the cost
and will make the amount, under the law of
1850, at old prices of labor:
' On experience of 1S50 $1,972,470 15
On experience of 18(50 1,969,323 08
Among the changes that have taken place
since 1860 there are none of greater practical
I interest in the present estimate than those ae-
i pendingnpon the advanced prices of the present
day as compared with those before the war. A
' skilled mechanic who would then expect two
dollars for a day's labor would now demand
four dollars, and might insist on working fewer
I hours in a day than he did ten years ago.
As a practical question we must either adhere
strictly to the terms of the old law, and find
men who will be willing to work as census-
takers at two dollars a day, and then accept
the returns which such men would make ; or
we must hire men of sufficient knowledge dnd
ability to perform the duties of the enumer-
ators well, and pay them what their services are
worth.
We cannot reasonably expect that this price
will be less than twice as much as in 1860, and
our estimate upon the premises above given
will be as follows:
On experience of 1850 $3,942,940 90
On experience of 1860  3,938,646 16
The actual cost for services, according to all
experience that we have upon the subject,
will be scarcely less than four million dollars
for the enumeration alone, under the law of
1850, without taking into the account any of
the expenses for blanks, office labors, and other
incidental and unavoidable expenses.
The total amount appropriated for the census
of 1860, not including the cost of printing the
report, (but adding the sum yet due and unpaid
in the southern States,) was a little over two
millions. Add twenty-seven percent, for growth,
and the necessary addition for advanced prices
of labor and materials, or double the foregoing,
and then add twenty percent, for the additional
labor of enumerating and classifying a nation
composed entirely of freemen, and we have an
aggregate amounting to $6,096,000 as the
inevitable cost of taking and working up a cen-
sus upon the plan of the schedules of 1850,
modified as the Constitution requires, and
adapted to the existing prices of labor.
Estimate under the Souse bill.
There will be required 255 district superior
tendents, who are to be paid eight dollars per
day. If employed from February 15 to Sep-
tember 1, (one hundred and ninety-seven days,)
they will each receive $1,576, and all of them
together $401,880.
| An enumerator is, according to the best
estimates and observation that we have, able
to enumerate 2,000 persons in one month, and
will be engaged in these duties under pay at
the rate of four dollars a day for sixty days.
| The bill provides that the copying of the
returns for the Census Office shall be by clerks
! under the immediate direction of the district
superintendents. It matters not who does it.
It must be done and paid for; and if the enum-
erators are relieved from this duty, larger
| districts can be assigned to them.
' If employed constantly for two months in
the enumeration and in the preparation of the
copy of their own work, they are estimated as
able to report 4,000 names. At this estimate
40,000,000 people could be reported by 10, 000
men. Let us, however, allow for 12,000 for
sixty days, at four dollars a day, whieh gives
to each man $240, and to the whole $2,880,000.
Uniting these items, and we have 5
For district superintendents  $401,880
For enumerators  2.880,000
Total i .83,281,880
If for a broad estimate we allow fonr clerks to
each district superintendent, sixty days, at ftror
