1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Virginia—Mr. Thayer.
Senate.
lately insurgent States which bear upon the
question. If Georgia has trampled the four-
teenth amendment under foot it is but rea-
sonable to infer that the same elements may
accomplish the same results in other States.
Mr. President, I embarked in this work of
reconstruction with the determination to make
it sure and permanent. It was the declared
will of the American people, speaking at the
ballot-box and through Congress, that the
reconstruction laws should be executed for the
salvation of the nation and for the guarantee
of equal rights and the maintenance of peace
throughout the revolted States. For one I
propose not to yield until the battle is fully
fought and the victory fully won. For one I
propose to fight it out on this line if it takes
all summer and all winter, and each succeeding
summer and winter till the Union is completely
triumphant and the rebellion completely con-
quered.
[Mr. TgAYER here yielded to a motion to
adjourn.]
Tuesday, January 18, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration the same
subject-
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I shall not
occupy much of the time of the Senate this
morning; in fact I had nearly concluded the
remarks I intended to make yesterday, when
my friend from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] de-
sired me to yield the floor for a motion to ad-
journ. The hour being so late, and recollect-
ing that Senator had with great uniformity
voted against all motions to adjourn, I felt
bound to oblige him. [Laughter.]
On Friday last an understanding was entered
into by which it was agreed that a vote on the
Senate judiciary bill for the admission of Vir-
ginia should be reached yesterday at four
o'clock. All assented to that arrangement,
and supposed from the extraordinary haste
with which the bill was being pressed, and the
zeal which had been manifested by its friends
and the anxiety which they have shown for an
early vote, that we should have reached it yes-
terday. To our surprise, however, a motion
was interposed to lay that bill aside and substi-
tute the House bill, and the spectacle was pre-
sented of my friend from Nevada, represent-
ing the Judiciary Committee and having this
bill in charge, throwing aside his own offspring
and adopting that of another. I can inform
him that this child of his adoption is launched
upon a stormy sea and has the prospect of a
rough passage.
Why the bill of the Senate, which had been
under discussion for a week, and for a vote on
which a time had been agreed upon, should be
thus summarily thrust aside, I can only divine.
An amendment had been made to it which, in
the judgment of some who are anxious to have
some security from Virginia, might accomplish
the purpose which they had in view. But, sir,
that is trampled under foot for fear it might
prevail, and the bill of the House, naked
and simple, is pressed upon the Senate. I
would suggest to those who are anxious thus to
bring Virginia back without conditions and
without guarantees to cast that bill aside and
to introduce another which shall declare that
whereas the Congress of the United States has
been guilty of oppression and wrong and out-
rage upon the State of Virginia, the grand old
mother of States and of Presidents, the noble
Old Dominion, the school wherein were taught
for so many long years the sacred doctrines
of the sublime resolutions of 1798, and beneath
whose soil sleep the bones of so many of our
heroic dead who perished in saving the Gov-
ernment which Virginia was attempting to
destroy, therefore we invite her to favor us
with the light of her restored wisdom and to
send up her Senators and Representatives,
promising that they shall be admitted at once
and to the chiefest places in both Houses of
Congress, and declare to her that we express
our heartfelt regret for the treatment which
she has received at our hands! In that way
you will reach more directly the end to which,
it seems to me, you are now tending by the
legislation which is pressed upon Congress.
Sir, less than twenty days ago Congress
enacted a law remanding Georgia to her former
provisional condition. Why? Because the
members of the Legislature of Georgia had
refused to take the oath prescribed by the re-
construction laws, and because a portion of
the members of that Legislature were disqual-
ified from holding office under the third section
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and further, because
a portion of the members legally elected were
ousted and their places filled by those illegally
elected. To-day you are forcing Virginia into
the Union, and you refuse to prescribe the same
condition to her which you prescribed to Geor-
gia. Why this difference ? Does Virginia pre-
sent herself with a purer record than Georgia?
Has she any more claims to admission than
Georgia? If Georgia had her Andersonville,
Virginia had her Belle Isle and Libby. If
the voice of oppressed loyal people in Georgia
came up to the Halls of Congress demanding
that protection which you have guarantied to
all who obey the law the same voice has come
up from the plains, the valleys, and the mount-
ains of Virginia, demanding the interposition
of Federal power to give to her loyal people
that same protection of Government and of
law. With one hand we remanded Georgia to
military power for violated conditions; with
the other you restore Virginia without condi-
tions ! Honorable gentlemen may have an
explanation, but of its wisdom the future will
determine.
It will be recollected that in the act which
was passed declaring certain of the lately insur-
gent States restored to the Union certain con-
ditions were prescribed. I refer to the act of
June 25,1868, wherein it is expressly declared
as follows:
"That each of the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Louisiana, Alabama, Arkansas,
and Florida shall be entitled and admitted to repre-
sentation in Congress as a State in the Union when
the Legislature of said State shall have duly ratified
the amendment to the Constitution of the United
States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress and
known as article fourteen, upon the following funda-
mental conditions: that the constitution of neither
of said States shall ever be so amended, or changed
as to deprive any citizen or class of citizens of the
United States of the right to vote in said Sta,te who
are entitled to vote by the constitution thereof herein
recognized, except as a punishment for crime," &o.
The Congress of the United States expressly
declared that the Legislatures of those States
should ratify and agree and pledge their sacred
honor to that fundamental condition, that the
right of suffrage should never be abridged or
taken away from any portion of their citizens
who were entitled to vote except for crime.
Why, I ask the Senator from Nevada and
those who are acting with him, do you refuse
now, two years later, to apply the same con-
dition and require the same pledge from the
State of Virginia? What has she done to
entitle her to this immunity? What will be
the inference to be drawn by Virginia on the
refusal of Congress to require this same pledge ?
It must inevitably be that she may do with
impunity that which you required Georgia to
pledge herself she would not do, because you
do not require the s9me pledge from Virginia;
and, judging by the past, we have abundant
reason for believing that she will make use of
the privilege that we thus give to her.
Now, Mr. President, let me refer to the
statement which has been repeatedly made in
this Chamber that "we have committed our-
selves to the reception of Virginia back into
the Union by our previous legislation. That
statement or charge has been iterated and
reiterated again and again, and yet not a Sen-
ator has pointed to . one single line in these
acts of reconstruction which committed us to
the admission or the restoration of Virginia
when she might apply. Section six of the act
of March 2, 180*7, provides—
"That antil the people of the said rebel States
shall bo by law admitted to representation in tho
Congress of tho United States any civil govern-
ments which may exist therein shall bo deemed pro-
visional only, and in all respects subject tathe par-
amount authority of the United States at any time
to abolish, modify, control, or supersede the same."
The act of April 10, 1869, has this further
provision on this subject in reference to Vir-
ginia, Mississippi, and Texas :
"Andbe it further enacted. That the proceedings in
any of said States shall not be deemed final or oper-
ate as a complete restoration thereof until their
action respectively shall be approved by Congress."
Can language be any plainer than that? I
challenge my friend from Nevada or any other
Senator who has made this statement to show
one line or one word in these acts which binds
us to the unconditional restoration of Virginia.
On the contrary, the section which I have just
read expressly admits and places it in the power
of Congress to review and revise the action of
Virginia, and we are not in any particular com-
mitted to receive her on her application. So
much for the charge of violated pledges and
violated faith.
But, sir, in admitting Virginia to-day there
is a violated pledge and there is violated faith.
We have solemnly promised to the faithful
people of Virginia that they shall have the
equal protection of the law and the blessings
of good government. I appeal to every Re-
publican Senator in this presence to-day if he
is sure he is making that pledge good to that
oppressed people? No, sir; the declarations
of too many of those who avow themselves in
favor of the passage of the bill show what uni-
versal distrust there is in regard to this legis
lation; and yet we are urged to put it right
through without let or hinderance. We are
urged to turn the true people of Virginia over
to the rule of those who still love treason and
hate the Union.
Mr. President, you and I and all others
holding positions of honor and trust under the
authority and Government of the United Slates
are required to subscribe to a certain oath,
sometimes called the iron-clad oath, the oath
of 1862. The Legislature of Virginia met in
a provisional capacity. Could its members be
required to take an oath less binding and less
restrictive than we ? They met as members of
the Legislature of Virginia under the authority
of the laws of Congress as a provisional body.
How can they escape taking that oath which
is required of all who hold office under the
authority of the Government of the United
States? There is statutory authority for the
position which I am presenting, for the conclud-
ing portion of section six of the act of March 2,
1867, an act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States, is as follows:
"And no person shall be eligible to any office
under such provisional governments who would be
disqualified from holding office under the provisions
of the third section of said constitutional amend-
ment."
If that oath is not applied to the members
of the Virginia Legislature, how, pray, are you
to ascertain whether they are disqualified under
the third section of the fourteenth amendment ?
Sir, it was the spirit and intent, expressed and
implied, running all through the reconstruction
enactments, that the oath should be required,
which would purge the Legislature of those
who are disqualified. How does Congress know
whether there are or are not members in that
Legislature who are disqualified by the provis-
ion to which I have referred? Did Congress
intend to perpetrate the farce of passing a con-
