1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3917
trict of Columbia, which is pending on a motion
to reconsider.
Mr. CASSERLY. If that bill is before the
Senate X ask leave to offer an amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed. That must be agreed
to before any amendment can be received.
Mr. CASSERLY. As 1 understood it, the
vote was reconsidered and the bill put upon
the Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that the question is on reconsidera-
tion. The motion to reconsider was entered
but not adopted.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it be reconsidered by
general consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so regarded if there be no objection. If, is
reconsidered, and the vote ordering the bill to
a third reading will be reconsidered so as to
make it open to amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer the following
amendment:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That the justices of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall have authority to appoint
a competent short-hand reporter, who shall bo a
sworn officer of the court, and who shall, at the re-
quest of either party in a civil case, or at the request
of the court in criminal cases tried in said court,
take down in short hand the rulings of the court,
the exceptions taken, and the testimony, and any
other matter directed by the court, lie shall with-
out delay, after the trial oi such ease, write out his
report in plain, legible long-hand writing, and file
it, together with the original short-hand writing,with
the clerk of the court as a part of the papers in tho
ease. His compensation per diem, as hereinafter
provided, shall be in full of all services required by
this section.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That sucn report,
wiitr.en out in long-hand writing as aforesaid, shall
be deemed prima jacie a correct statement of tho
evidence and proceedings therein contained.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the short-
hand reporter shall receive such compensation for
his services as may be agreed upon between him and
the paitics in the cause or their counsel, and in the
event of a failure to a?ree, then tho amount may bo
fixed by the court. Such compensation shall not
exceed dollars per day, which amount s>ball be
paid by the party requesting tho seiviees of such
reporter, and be taxed by the clerk of the court as
costs against tho party against whom jadgrnent is
2 endered, unless he shall alieady have paid such
reporter's fees: Provided, That m criminal cases or
capital offenses, when the testimony has been taken
down by order of tho court, the per diem compen-
sation of the reporter shall be iixed by the court, but
not so as to cxcccd dollars per diem, and as so
fixed shall be paul bv the clerk of the court, and
shall bechaiged in the accounts of said clerk and
allowed in the adjustment of his account:', m accord-
ance with the provisions of an act entitled "An act
to provide the modes ot settling the accounts ot Uie
clerk of the supreme court of tho District ot Colum-
bia/' approved July 25,1S60.
SrcC. 4. And be it f urther enacted, '.Lbat tho said
reporter shall furnish to the parties in the cause, or
their counsel, on request, a transcript in legible long
hand of his short-hand notes, for which he shall be
allowed a rate of compensation to be fixed by the
(.ourts, not exceeding C'jnts per folio of one hun-
dred words, which fees shall be paid by the counsel
or party requesting the said transcript.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Air. CASSERLY. I ask leave to correct
the amendment by inserting 111 the sixth lino
of the third section, alter the word " compensa-
tion," the words "as so fixed by the court,''
so as to make the meaning quite clear.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, there being no objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave to strike out
from lines eleven and twelve of the same sec-
tion three words which are there erroneously,
"or capital offenses."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
leetion will be made.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then there are three
blanks to be filled, which, if it be proper now,
I propose to fill. One is on lino six, of section
three, before the word "dollars," to insert the
word "ten," which will make the per diem
charge ten dollars per day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The blank
will be so filled.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to insert at line
fourteen of the same section the same word in
the same connection, " ten."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The blank
will be so filled.
Mr. CASSERLY. In section four, line five,
a blank is left for the charge per folio for
the longhand copies. My idea was to insert
" twenty " thore, so as to make the charge not
exceeding twenty cents per folio. The Sen-
ator from Maine, however, who introduced the
bill, in some conversation which we had this
morning, thinks twelve cents -would be suffi-
cient. It is a point upon which I am not at
all tenacious, and I would bo willing to accept
his figures if he considers them better than
twenty.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 think, on the whole, it had
better be twenty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that is
very large pay. \rou pay the reporter ten dol-
lars a day to begin with, and he writes out his
notes, then that writing only has to be copied.
After he receives ten dollars a day for his ser-
vices, and has written tho matter out for tho
.court, it is copied for tho counsel, and they are
to pay twenty cents a folio. How much would
that make for writing a sheet of paper ?
Mr. CASSERLY. A sheet of foolscap paper
with ordinary writing ought to contain about
three folios of one hundred words.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How many words in a
folio ?
Mr. CASSERLY. One hundred words.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There aro generally
about ten words on a line, and ten lines would
be twenty cents. There are some thirty or forty
lines on a page, about three folios to a page,
which would be sixty cents a page, which would
make for a sheet of paper S2 40. That is too
much, too large an expense to charge parties
with. I hope not more than twelve cents will
be inserted. There is no skill required in this ;
it is nothing but making a copy ; after the
reporter makes out his copy this is a copy from
it; ho has to make the first copy any way. I
think ten cents is enough. I think that is what
is paid in some of the Departments for copying.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think it is twelve cents.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection
to accepting twelve or any other figure. I
favored twenty because, upon inquiry of the
reporter of tho Senate, it seemed to ino that it
would be about a fair compensation ; but if it
is thought to be too much 1 have no objection
to twelve cents being inserted. The Senator
irom Illinois states the facts correctly, thatono
copy in longhand is required to bo filed with
the cleric of the court, and for that the com-
pensation is included in the ten dollars per
diem, so that these additional copies in long-
hand furnished to the parties, or either of them,
at request, are mere copies of the longhand
copy already made. There is no doubt about
that. If twelve cents is considered sufficient
I have no objection to filling the blank in that
way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator propose to fill the blank with twelve
cents?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The blank
will be so filled. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from California, as modi-
fied.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think there ought to be
one other amendment made in this amend-
ment. If the Clerk will read the first few lines
I will suggest where it comes in.
Tho Chief Cleik read as follows:
That the juslices of tho supremo court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia diall have authority to appoint a
competent shorthand reporter, who shall be a sworn
officer of the court, and who shall, at the request ot
either party iu a civil caio, or at the request ot tho
court in criminal eases 
Mr. HAMLIN. Right there. He is not to
report any civil eases unleSs the parties request
it. There may be a very important case, and
the court may want a report of it, and the court
. ought to have the same power to order it, if
the parties do not agree, that it has in a crim-
inal case. Say, "if the parties request it or
the court shall so order." I propose to insert
the words "or the court shall so order."
Mr. CASSERLY. I have relied a great
deal on the practical operations of an act similar
to this in California during a period of years
under my own observation, and there it has
been found invariably that in any case really
requiring it the parties aro certain to ask the
services of a reporter.
Mr. HAMLIN. It can do no harm to put
iu tho words.
'Mr. CASSERLY. The great'point of this
proposition is, that in civil causes the parties
themselves who are involved in the litigation
shall bear this expense ; none of it is a cost on
the public. It seemed to us^in California, at
all events it seemed to me, fair in this amend-
ment that in such classes of cases the reporter
and his services should be set in motion on the
request of one or the other party to the suit.
I am not tenacious about it though, and if tho
Senator from Maine has a strong opinion in
favor of giving tho court, even in civil causes,
the right to request the services of the reporter,
I shall not object. The amendment can bo
made by inserting after the word " party," in
line six of the first section, the words "or the
court."
Mr. HAMLIN. Let that amendment be
made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is pro-
posed to amend the amendment by inserting
after the word " party," in line six of the first
section, (he words " or the court."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from California as amended.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now, I desire to state to the
Senate in a very few words just what the con-
dition of the question is. This amendment pro-
vides that this stenographer shall bo paid by
the parlies in civil cases out of tho funds in
criminal eases derived from foes; and if adopted
that will be the manner in which the .stenog-
rapher will be paid at the rates named. The
original bill provides that the stenographer
shall have a compensation annually of §2,500,
and shall be paid out of the surplus of fees that
accrue in tho court. Those are the two propo-
sitions before the Senate. I am -perfectly
satisfied with either.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended, which
is a substitute for tho original bill.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
AXKMCAN ONION ACADEMY.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now ask the Senate to
take up House bill No. 1920, to incorporate the
American Union Academy of Literature, Sci-
ence, and Art.
Mr. SUMNER. I have serious questions
with regard to that bill. It seems to me it is
a very large title : and when I look at (lie
names iu the bill, while they are all most re-
spectable, and some few are associated with
science and literature, I think it is not a body
of gentlemen that Congress should select in
order to begin an association with so large a
name. It professes to call itself a national
academy. In selecting that name it necessa-
rily invites comparison with the great aead
emy of France, tho highest association ot let-
ters in the civilized world. It seems to pro-
pose to itself a similar career. I would ask
the Senate whether we are realty now to com-
mence such an organization? Is it expedient?
Is it not taking too great responsibility, at least
without sufficient consideration? I a® |ll)t
aware that there has been any application
addressed to Congress from the men ot science
or the men of letters, or those engaged m the
cultivation of art, asking for such a charter.
