1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2029
form legislation on thesabject, the meeting appointed
ft committee to draft preamble and resolutions, which
v/cre unanimously adopted, and resolved that a copy
of the same should be furnished our Delegate in
OoMgress; also to the Hon. A. A. Sargent, together
JX^f1 " ashmgton Chronicle, X)enver News, and
Tribune.
, ^ *ieAre2 s ^2i December, A. D. 3S69,
jion. A. A. oARQENTt member of Congress from Cai-
lionna, introduced Ifouse bill No. 5b2 as an amend-
ment to thomimngact approved 26th July,I860; and
wnereas alter ten years of pioneer life in developing
the mineral resources of tho United States, and no
opportunity having been permitted us by proper con-
gressionallegislation whereby we could secure United
States title for our property; and whereas the amend-
ment proposed by House bill No. 562 meets our wants
ana is eminentlymcct and proper : Therefore,
Le it resolved, first, That"we concur in the amend-
ment, and most earnestly hope that it may pass Con-
gress and become the law of the land.
_ &cond. That a copy oftheproceedingsofthismcet-
nig, together with the preamble and resolutions, be
mrm?hed to our Delegate in Congress, Hon. A. A.
I>kai)foei>, and that he be requested to use all hon-
orable means to secure its passage, and that Hon.
A. A. Sargent be furnished a copy of said preamble
and resolutions, properly attested by the president
rnd secretary; also a copy to the Daily Washington
taromcie.
On motion the secretary was requested to furnish
copies of the entire proceedings to the Denver Tri-
bune and News.
On motion tho meeting adjourned.
(JiiAllLES W. LOWE, President.
Attest:
fc>. A. Saei'ORD, Secretary.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to prolong
the debate upon this measure. I think it is
founded upon justice. I know that it will be
beneficial to the mining States and Territories.
I lcnowthat it is in accordance with previous
legislation; that it is in accordance with the
principle of the homestead and the preemption
laws; that it is in consonance with our legis-
lation of 1866 relating to quartz-mining claims;
and that the features of the bill, so far as it
affects tho proving up of the rights of minors,
are more liberal, more carefully drawn, and
consequently will work more smoothly than
any other other proposition which has been
adopted by Congress. I will say that the bill
is the fruit of twenty years' experience of my
own in the heart of the mining region, in
Nevada county, where I have resided for that
length of time, and where [ have tried hun-
dreds, and I may say thousands of mining
suits, and through my acquaintance with the
miners have become thoroughly acquainted
with the conditions which govern their inter-
ests in this matter.
If no further debate is desired upon tho bill
I Trill call the previous question.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 would like to make an
observation or two upon the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. How many minutes does
the gentleman want?
-M r. J UL1AN. Five or ten.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield to the gentleman
for ten minutes.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill
amendatory of the act of July 2u, 18G6, pro-
viding for the sale of the mineral lands of the
Government. Tho act was entitled " An act
granting tho right of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands, and for other
purposes." It had a false title, calculated to
mislead every man who read it; and under a
false title it was passed through the Senate
and the House, without opportunity for any
thorough discussion of its propositions. It
not only had a false title, but I hold that it
was based upon false principles of legislation.
What I mean is that it founded a great policy
relative to the mineral lands of this Govern-
ment and affecting a million square miles of
territory, upon the uncertain, unstable tille held
by the miners under local customs. My princi-
pal object at present is to call attention par-
ticularly to the character of these locai laws.
On that subject! propose to read from a legis-
lative reportto the senate of Nevada, the great
center of our mineral regions, to show the
character of the local customs on which the
original act is based, and of which the bill
now pending is amendatory. Hear what is
said by the high authority to which I refer:
"As an example tho committee may refer to the
of Nevada. And perhaps they cannot do
J,-, ?11Quote the following from tho rocentiy
published report of the senate committee of that
btatc on mines and mining interests. The commit-
tee say that ' as to uniformity there is nothing ap-
proaching it. There neverwas confusion worse con-
founded. More than two hundred petty districts
withm the limits of a single State, each with its self-
approved eodo; these codes di tiering not alone caeh
from the other, but presenting numberless instances
oi contradiction in themselves. The law of one point
is not. the law of another five mites distant; and a
little further on will he a code which is the law of
neither of tho former, and so on ad infinitum, with
tho farther disturbing faetsuperadded thatthewrit-
ten laws themselves may be overrun by some pecu-
liar custom, which can be found nowhere recorded,
and the proof of which will vary with the volume
of interested affidavits which may bo brought on
either sido to establish it. Again, in one district the
worK reauired to be done to hold a claim is nom-
inal, m another exorbitant, in another abolished, in
another adjourned from year to year. A stranger
seeking to ascertain tho law is surmised to learn
that there is no satisfactory public record to which
hcean refer, no public ofdeor to whom he mayapply
who is under any bond or obligation to furnish him
information'or guaranty its authenticity. Often in
the new districts ho finds there is not even the sem-
blance of a code, but asiinple resolution adopting the
code of some other district, which may bo a hundred
mites distant. What guarantee hasbefortheinvest-
inentof either capital or labor under such asystem?'
"The report proceeds to show that these regula-
tions, such as they are, have no permanency. 'A
minors'meeting,'the committee say, 'adopts a code;
itstonds apparently as the law. Sometimeafter.on a
few days' notice, a corporal's guard assembles, and,
on simple motion, radically changes the whole sys-
tem bywhichciaimsioaybeheid in adistrict. Before
a mini m.iy traverse the State the laws of a district,
which by examination and study ho may have mas-
tered, may bo swept away and no longerstand as the
laws which govern the interest ho may have acquired,
and tho chanTO has been onewhieh by no reasonablo
dihgencocouldhebcexpected tohavo lcnowledgeof.'
" As to protection to the miner and encouragement
to tho capitalist, the report shows that ' the present
system, or rattier lack of system, affords neither. The
curse of uncertainty of titles to land in our sister
State did not, through liltccn years of her history,
more paralyze her progress than the uncertainty of
miningtitles in the outside districts now retards our
development.'"
Nov,', Mr. Speaker, these interesting facts,
officially stated in the interest of the miners
of Nevada, will doubtless apply in the main to
the great mining districts outside of that State.
They teach but one lesson, well stated in tho
report referred to. namely, *' the need of some
legislation which will enable those who are
citizens in fact to acquire a title which will
stand in law, and which will give assurance to
to capitalists from abroad that they may safely
invest in the mines." This is the great want,
and the cry which eomes up from the miners
in all sections. Several of tho mining States
and Territories .are now seeking a remedy for
tho evils referred to i:i the adoption of codes
of local law regulating the possessory rights
of individuals ; but the root of the mischief
is the reservation of the ice by tho Govern-
ment, and no mere lopping off the branches
will suffice. Let Congress extend the oper-
ations of the Land Ohice over these reserved
regions, and when the titio lias been fairly
vested in the miners, through a well-digested
system of survey and sale, order will gradu-
ally grow out of chaos, and make impossible
the intolerable mischief's which else will he
sure to follow. This is tho sovereign remedy,
and the lacts recited show that local laws, or
auy law of Congress which shall recognize
them as its basis, wiil only aggravate the diffi-
culty. Radical work is demanded, seeking a
cure for existing evils in the removal of their
cause, and every hour of delay will but mul-
tiply the obstacles which the present policy of
the Government has already occasioned.
Why, Mr. Speaker, the man who built his
house upon the sand was a wise man in com-
parison with Congress when if made these local
customs the basis of a great land policy for
the Government. In the State of California
alone there are live hundred mining districts,
as I learn from the commissioner of mining
statistics of the Government, and probably
fifteen hundred or two thousand districts in the
whole mineral country. The length of the lode
or vein claimed by a miner in one district is so
much by definition, and in another district it
is another thing. The width of the vein is one
thing m one mineral district and another thing
m another. The amount of labor to be done
m ord er to acquire title is one thing in one place
and dehned to be another thing in another
place. _ Everything is confusion, and even that
contusion has nothing of stability in it, but as
fickle and as changeable as the wind.
I object to this law of I860 for the* further
reason that it provides also for something en-
tirely unheard of in. the legislation of any civil-
ized country in the world, and that is the right
ot a miner to follow the vein he discovers with
its dips, angles, and elevations on to and under
the land of another, which land must be held
subject to that right. Neither the mining codes
oi England, Germany, France, nor Prussia
know anything of such a principle, nor can the
mining laws of Spain be quoted as precedents.
It is peculiar to the mining law of I860, which
was carried through this House under a false
title, and by parliamentary tactics not at all
creditable to any legislation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. JULIAN. I a3k the gentleman to give
me five minutes more-
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, what we need
is an extension of the Government surveys over
these mineral lands through the machinery of
the General Laud Office located in the midst of
these mineral treasures and able to deal with
them, establishing the right of ownership in the
miner in square forms on the geodetieal princi-
ple of ownership down to the center of the earth.
No other method can quiet tides in these
mineral regions. I admit that there may be a
hardship in allowing a man to discover and
hold a lode or vein of mineral which can be
traced to the land of another, and from which
he is debarred. There is a hardship in that;
but there is a far greater hardship in tho law
as it now stands, recognizing the right every-
where to pursue a vein or lode on to the land
of another, inasmuch as it breeds intermina-
ble litigation and never can be resorted to as
a method of settling titles to these lands.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have 110 time to discuss the
details of this bill. I am not prepared to say
how I shall vote upon it. It seems to inn to
contain some provisions really amendatory of
the act of I860. But I am not much in favor
of putting new wine into old bottles. It is not
generally a very wise policy to do so. When
1 speak as I have done of the character of this
act of 1SGG, of which the bill now pending is
amendatory, when I speak of its basis as I have
spoken of it, of its resting upon these unsta-
ble and uucertain local customs, and when f
point out the absurdity of calling anything a
custom which has not years on its side, which
is a solocism in itself, and when I deprecato
this kmd of legislation totally, I desire to say
that I do so in all these particulars with entire
respect for the gentlemen here who represent
these mining regions; simply stating for myself,
however, that having spent some two months
on the Pacific coast last year, and conversed
quite familiarly with intelligent miners 111 dif-
ferent quarters, I found a very emphatic con-
currence on their part with my views. And
I speak on their behalf without pretending to
represent the views of others.
I would havebeen glad, Mr. Speaker, to have
said more on this question, and 3 intended
early in the session to give it special attention,
but the condition of my health and the unusual
press of other business have stood ia the way
of tho duty which I had marked outformyselr.
My views, however, on this whole question are
fully on record in tho debates of this House
years ago, and in a carefully prepared report
submitted by myself in 1SCM5 and printed 111
extra numbers as a document. I therefore ado
nothing further now.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield for five min-
utes to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ferrjss.1
Mr. EERRIS8. Mr. Speaker, I have list-
