2974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
house, nor a Belgian importing boose, bat an
old Dutch. Knickerbocker importing house,
which has a name of two hundred years' stand-
ing in this country; and the manager of that
house certifies over his own name, and upon
his own authority, that this proposes an in-
crease from 1 cent to 1£ cents per pound, or an
increase of 25 per cent, of duty on this class
of iron. It is of no use to tell me, when the
Committee of Ways and Means have copied
in totidcm verbis from the book sent here from
Philadelphia, it is of no use to tell me that
all this does not mean something. Philadel-
phia never would have gone to the trouble of
having this book printed if it does not mean
something. They are no fools, those iron-
mongers; they know what they are about.
They mean a great deal by their proposition.
This whole classification throughout is an
ingenious classification, calculated, if not de-
signed, to throw dust in the eyes of the peo-
ple, while it raises the duty upon all species of
iron. I beg this Committee of the Whole to
follow the lead of the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] who has
pledged himself to go for striking out this
paragraph and also for striking out the other
paragraphs, and I hope that not only will that
be done, but that we will strike out everything in
this bill on iron and steel, particularly on steel.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] isas gravely mistakenin his
facts as that old Knickerbocker is. The reduc-
tion from 1£ cents to 1£ cents per pound is not,
and cannotbe made by any arithmetic toappear,
an increase of 25 per cent. Now, on a very
small class there is an increase of duty from
1 cent to 1J- cents per pound. But on the great
bulk of bar iron there is a reduction of duty
from 1£ cents to 1J cents per pound proposed
by this bill. The Philadelphia book of which
the gentleman complains is simply the tariff
as it was passed by the Senate of the United
States January 81,1867, and reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means of this House
February 18, 1867. The classification which
gentlemen are now discussing, and which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] says
is following the lead of the iron-mongers of
Philadelphia, was devised in the Senate of
the United States and was adopted by the
Senate of the United States, and reported to
this House by our Committee of Ways and
Means in January and February, 1867. The
gentleman, therefore, is wrong in his allegation
that we propose an increase of duty by this
bill; and he is equally wrong in his allegation
that the Committee of Ways and Means, of
which he is a member, have put themselves
under the guidance of the business men of
any city.
Mr. BUBCH ARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
Mr. BURCHARD. Is the duly reduced on
more than a single classification?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURCHARD. Is not this the only
reduction?
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; the duty is reduced
upon the great bulk of bar iron.
Mr. BURCHARD. In the law of 1864 is a
classification:
"On bar iron rolled or hammered, comprising
flats less than three eighths of an inch or more than
two inches thick, or less than one inch or more than
six inches wide."
Is not that the only classification where there is
a reduction from 1J cents to li cents per pound?
And is not the duty raised one quarter of 1 cent
per pound on every grade of iron, except that
covered by the paragraph we are now dis-
cussing?
Mr. KELLEY. The paragraph which we
are discussing involves an increase of a quarter
of a cent upon a small quantity of iron, while
on all that list embraced in the next paragraph
the bill makes a reduction of one quarter of a
cent per pound, or between $5 and $6 a ton.
Hence, I say, that so far as concerns the pro-
tection involved I am perfectly indifferent as
to the adoption of these paragraphs. I believe,
however, that the business of the custom-house
will be simplified by the adoption of the recom-
mendation of the committee. I believe that
the revenue derived will be about the same as
under the present law. But if I represented
Pennsylvania rolling-mills alone I should take
an active interest in endeavoring to have both
these paragraphs struck out.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will with-
draw the amendment if any gentleman who
desires to continue the debate will renew it.
Mr. CESSNA. I object to the withdrawal
of the amendment. I want to come to a vote.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to amend by
striking out " 18 " in the pending paragraph
and inserting in lieu thereof " 17$. Ithasbeen
stated that this bill does not propose an in-
creased duty upon iron. Now, I undertake to
say that any gentleman who will look through
the law of 1864, the law now in force, and
compare it paragraph by paragraph with the
provisions of this bill cannot but acknowl-
edge that there is a substantial increase of 25
cents on every 100 pounds of iron. It is true
that with reference to a small class of iron
embraced in the next paragraph the bill pro-
poses a reduction of one quarter of a cent per
pound, but nearly every other paragraph re-
lating to iron proposes a large advance upon
the existing duty. When we are professing to
make a reduction of the duties on iron the
country, I think, will not sustain us in the pas-
sage of a bill which in fact advances the rates
of duty.
The present law makes a classification that
is well understood. I read from the present
law:
"On bar iron, rolled or hammered, comprising
flats not less than one inch or more than six inches
wide, nor less than three-eighths of an inch or more
than two inches thick, 1 cent per pound."
Now it is proposed to amend this provision
by reducing six inches to four inches and in-
creasing one inch to one and a balf, so that
iron more than one inch thick and not exceed-
ing one and a half inches thick, and more than
four inches in width and not exceeding six
inches will be increased 25 cents on 100 pounds.
That is the increase made by this paragraph.
So, again, as to the latter part of the defini-
tion. I had intended to move an amendment
which would restore the old definition and
make a corresponding redaction. It seems to
me that $18 a ton, the amount named in the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
would be proportional to the duty we have
imposed upon other grades of iron, and would
correspond to the reduction which we have
made in preceding paragraphs.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman pardon
a suggestion ? If he looks at the duty pro-
posed by the bill on blooms and slabs, from
which this bar iron is made, he will Jind the
rate is $18 a ton. Here we have an article
which is much more advanced, involving much
more labor and the loss of much iron in its
preparation ; yet it is proposed to impose on
it the same duty that you put on the material
from which it is made.
Mr. BURCHARD. We tried that argu-
ment on gentlemen when we were discussing
that item; and they insisted that as under the
old law that class of iron paid 1 cent a pound,
this should also pay 1 cent a pound. The
Committee of Ways and Means reported- a
duty of 1 cent a pound on blooms, but we re-
duced it to $18 a ton. Now, as they reported
also a duty of 1 cent per pound on the class
of iron embraced in this paragraph, we ask a
corresponding reduction to $18 a ton.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose
the amendment. The rate of duty reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means is only
just to the manufacturers and all concerned
and I hope it will receive the sanction of the'
House.
Mr. Chairman, while I am on the floor I
desire to correct a statement made by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] in his
remarks on the 28th of March last, which I
find in the Globe of the 30th of March. 1 ask
the Clerk to read the passage which I send to
the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
" The Lehigh Crane Iron Works and the Allentown
Iron Works, with a capital of $1,000,000, each pro-
duced in 1865 50,000 tons, which at a profit of $20 per
ton would leavo to each of theso corporations a. net
gain of precisely the amount of the entire capital in
a single year. I will not now pursue this inquiry;
i the people will one day demand the account in full'.
I Enough isapparenttojustifyjudgment against those
| who would continue and increase exorbitant boun-
ties to those who can well do without them at the
expense of those who can ill spare them. Equity
' must send these parties out of court with an admo-
nition to wash their hands of their enormous gains
before they return to the temple of justice to claim
more public bounty."
Mr. HILL. I now ask the Clerk to read a
1 letter which I send up.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of the Lehigh Crane Iron Company,
4526 Walnut street,
l Philadelphia, April 20.1870.
] Dear Sir : I have before me your speech delivered
I March 23, in which you say the "Lehigh Crane Iron
! Works and the Allentown Iron Works, with a capi-
j tal of $1,000,000, each produced in 1865 50,000 tons,
which, at a profit o'f $20 per ton, would leave to each
of these corporations a net gain of precisely the
amount of the entire capital in a single year.'' Before
making such a statement it would hare been better
I for you to have learned the facts in the case and then
! stated the truth, which you could easily have obtained
from this office. The/ae(«aro that the Lehigh Crane
! Iron Company produced in 1865 28,309i tons of iron,
j (not 50,000. as you stated,) at acostof $43 61. delivered
at Elizabethport, the place of shipment, (not $30, as
! you say;) and the result of theyear's business for 1£S5
■ was an actual lossef%§3,000 instead of $1,000,000 profit,
i as you made it.
Our books will verify my statement, and I invite
you to examine them and judge for yourself.
We court inquiry and are satisfied to have the Iruth
spoken.
The Allentown Iron Company I shall not speak
for. I will only say that their production is about
23,000 tons, and not 50,000, as you toy. •
Respectfully, yours,
G. A. WOOD, President.
Hon. Job E. Stevenson,
House of Jiepresentatives, Washington, D. C.
! Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, the letter just
j read is a copy of a letter sent to Mr. Stevkn-
1 sou' by the president of the Lehigh Crane Iron
I Company, and the copy sent to me by the pres-
| ident of said company.
Mr. STEVENSON. Has the gentleman my
answer to that letter ?
Mr. HILL. I have not. It is to be regret-
ted, sir, that any gentleman on this floor should
so far forget himself in his desire to make out
his case and argument as to make such state-
ments as have been made in the above extract
by the gentleman from Ohio, and so entirely
unsnstained by the facts. It shows how care-
! ful gentlemen should be in attempting to dis-
cuss a subject of which they are so entirely
ignorant. The gentleman seemed to have
imagined himselfin a justice's court and to have
arraigned the Lehigh Crane Iron Works and
the parties connected with them for trial. He
remarks, " equity must send these parties out
of court with an admonition to wash their hands
of their enormous gains before they return to
the temple of justice to claim more public
bounty.'' Now, sir, I would say to the gentle-
man from Ohio, "equity calls on him to wash
his hands of the great wrong, injustice, and
S misrepresentation he has made in regard to
! those parties connected with the Lehigh Crane
! Iron Works."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. HILL. I ask to have two minutes more,
as it will not take more than that time to con-
clude what I have to say.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman's
time will be extended.
