12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. of Peps.
Economy in Public Expenditures—Mr. Dawes.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
stitutional amendment which should disqualify
certain persons for reasons therein set forth,
and yet permit those same persons to become
members of the very Legislatures which were
to ratify or reject that constitutional amend-
ment? Did you intend to perpetrate that in-
consistency ? Did you intend to place it in the
power of those who had been warring upon the
Government and would be disqualified under
the proposed amendment to have the power
to reject that very amendment which Congress
and the country had declared to be necessary
to guard against future rebellion and as a guar-
antee for future peace? The very statement of
the case shows the inconsistency of the course.
Sir, it was but just and right at least that they
should be required to take the same oath which
all others are required to take who enter upon
offices of honor or trust under the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. President, if any measures have ever
received the sanction and approval of the
American people the reconstruction measures
have received that sanction and approval.
They were submitted to the people in the can-
vass of 1868, and after a canvass unsurpassed
for exhaustlcssness of argument and thorough-
ness of discussion these measures did receive
the sanction and approval of the American
people; and if there is one'principle running
through those measures which received their
sanction more than another it is that one which
guaranties to all the people of the Union who
are law-obedient and law-abiding equality of
justice, equality of law ; it is that one which
recognizes citizenship in those once enslaved
and guaranties to them the nation's protection.
And if there is one course which they will
approve above another on the part of their
national legislators it is that one which those
shall follow out to the end who are determined
to see the provisions of the reconstruction laws
finally triumphant in all the States of the South.
We have gone through struggles in the field
and struggles in the civil departments of the
Government; we are struggling to-day with
the rebellion, not in the field but in another
form, and the question is not yet settled which is
triumphant. 1 propose to follow out the course
which I have indicated and vote against the
admission of Virginia, because we have not, in
my judgment, the proper guarantees for pres-
ent and for future security.
Do you ask whence comes the power to
secure these guarantees? I answer the power
is inherent in the Government itself to preserve
its existence, to maintain its own authority, to
execute its provisions. If not expressed it is
there—is self-evident, is self-existing. It is
the God-given right of self-preservation which
is in all Governments. The power exists within
this Government to preserve itself: if not ex-
pressed it is implied. It is there. The right
to exist implies the power to preserve. The
end to be attained implies the right to do that
which is necessary to attain it. It is lawful
to execute all the provisions of the Constitu-
tion to save the Government; it is the sov-
ereignty of government, and if it is not set forth
in statutory or constitutional form it exists in
this higher aground, that there is power within
the Government to secure its own self-pro-
tection and self-perpetuation, which is to the
Government as the right of self-defense to the
individual. England has no written constitu-
tion, but she has a strong Government. This
principle lies at the foundation of all govern-
ment, the right to preserve its own existence,
and in the absence of it all Governments must
fiil. It is the common law of government.
That Government which cannot sustain itself
is a failure. That Government which cannot
protect the rights of its citizens is a mockery.
If the State fails to do this, then the United
States must enable her to do it, if the failure
results from want of power, or compel her if
it is a voluntary failure, for the United States
are sovereign and the State but a constituent
part. In the absence of this principle the Gov-
ernment of the Union falls. But we are not
left to inferential grants of powers. Section
eight of the first article of the Constitution of
the United States declares that—
"The Congress shall have power to make all laws
whioh shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the foregoing powers, and all other
powers vested by this Constitution ill the Govern-
ment of the United States, or any Department or
officer thereof."
The foregoing powers and all other powers
vested in the Government must be executed in
order to form a more perfect union in Virginia ;
in order to establish justice in Virginia; in
order to insure domestic tranquillity in Virginia;
in order to provide for the common defense in
Virginia; in order to promote the general wel-
fare in Virginia; in order to secure the bless-
ings of liberty to the people of Virginia, and
to their posterity forever.
If Virginia has not secured these objects for
her people then the powers necessary to secure
them must be executed, and Congress must
make the law requisite for their execution.
The day of State i-ights dogmas has come to an
end. There is a national Government, a cen-
tral Government, to which States must yield
the supremacy. I claim for the Government
the exercise of this power in the case of a State
which has not rebelled. How much stronger
and more substantial is the claim for its exer-
cise in the case of a State which has severed
its relations with the Union and destroyed all
civil government.
But there is further authority in the Consti-
tution for this intervention, this interposition
of Federal power. Section four, article four,
declares that—
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
There can be no dispute on this proposition,
namely, that Congress is the power to execute
this trust, this guarantee ; and it is equally clear
that Congress must determine the mode and
manner of its execution, what is to be done,
how it is to be done, and when it is to be done.
It may be by legislation and it may be by
refusing representation. It is of course left
to Congress to determine what is a republican
form of government; that being determined,
its duty is binding to see that such a govern-
ment is enforced in all the States. Under
this constitutional trust the obligation rests
upon Congress to make sure that such a gov-
ernment is established in Virginia. A failure
to accomplish this result is a failure of the war
for the Union. We are chargcd with high and
responsible trusts; we must see that they are
faithfully executed. No clamor for immediate
admission should shut our eyes to the danger
of such admission. It was the command of the
American people that the reconstruction laws
should be completely and effectually executed
to secure the rights and the liberties of all the
citizens of the Bepublic. Let reconstruction
be radical, sure, complete, perpetual; then the
war for the Union will indeed be triumphant.
Mr. President, I harbor no bitterness toward
the people of Virginia or the people of the
South who have been in rebellion. Iam actu-
ated by no vindictive feeling toward them.
I only ask for equal laws and equal justice
and equal protection. We have shown to the
people of the South that we were ready to take
them by the hand wher^they met us with a
corresponding spirit; when they evinced a
disposition to carry out the reconstruction acts
and sustain them in good faith we would re-
ceive them with generous hearts and forget the
past. But until I can see that spirit in the
people of Virginia I shall withhold my vote
for her admission.
Economy in Public Expenditures.
SPEECH OP HON. H. L. DAWES,
of massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,
January 27, 1870.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under consider-
ation the bill 01. It. No. 974)making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for tho year ending Juno 30,
1871-
Mr. DAWES said:
Mr. Chairman : I was arraigned yesterday
for the speech I made in this House on Tues-
day of last week on the League Island bill,
first, because it was an attack upon the Admin-
istration of which I professed to be a sup-
porter; second, because it was untrue; and
third, because I had wantonly and with my eyes
open prostituted the official position I occupy
in this House to the benefit of the Democratic
party and the sacrifice of my own. I promised
you yesterday, sir, that I would plead to this
indictment to-day without regard to the char-
acter of the language in which it is framed or
the motive that prompted it. And I desire all
those who hear me and care to know whether
what I say may be reliable or not to send to
the document-room for their book of estimates
and to follow me page by page, that I may be
able to settle this controversy once for all. I
promised to confine myself, also, to the vindi-
cation of the occasion for the speech, of the
truth of the speech, and of the propriety of
making it. It would have been more to my
taste could I have left it to meet its fate before
the bar of fair and candid criticism to which
everything that is said upon this floor should
ultimately plead. And so long as criticism was
confined to what was contained in the speech it
was no intention of mine to have ever troubled
the House or those who read its proceedings
with anything in reference to it; but since the
motive which actuated me in its delivery has
been deliberately impugned on the floor of the
House, there is no other alternative left me
but to ask its indulgence to the extent I have
indicated.
Therefore, sir, I proceed directly, without
further preface, to inquire what occasion I had
to make this speech; and on that point, so
fresh is the debate in which it occurred in the
minds of all members of the House, I would
leave that where it is were it not for those out-
side of this Hall, if any there be, who care to
know the character of this day's proceeding.
The speech yesterday condemned was deliv-
ered by me on a bill initiating a great public
work involving immediately as I thought, and
certainly ultimately, the expenditure of a large
sum of public money. By the indulgence of
the Speaker of the House 1 have been charged
with the duty, in company with eight other mem-
bers of the House, of taking care of the public
expenditures, and it was the opinion of that com-
mittee that it was a proper occasion through
some one of their members to express to the
House the results of the investigation with
which they had been charged by the House
and the convictions those investigations bad
forced upon their minds. And it fell to my
lot to give utterance to those convictions, and
in doing so I thought I could in no better way
express those convictions; in no better method
indicate the views of that committee on the pro-
priety of commencing a new great public work
of a warlike character and for warlike purposes
in a time of peace, with no prospect of imme-
diate use and with no present necessity for
it, than by laying before them the condition
and tendency of the public expenditures; and
prompted by that motive on that occasion, and
