1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3919
• Mr. SUMNER. My friend from New Hamp-
shire, as I understand him, says that men all
over the country ask for such an association.
Where is the evidence of it? Have we a peti-
tion on the subject? Has any Senator received
any communication, letter, or paper 
Mr. H.AMLIN. Let me answer the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. These men are associated
together now and they come as an association
and ask this charter.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says thesfe
men are associated. Who put their names in
this bill? With how many of them has there
been any conference or concert?
Mr. HAMLIN. Every one.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says every
one. Is there any evidence on that subject ?
1 have the honor of being a member of the
committee to which this bill was referred, and
1 know no such evidence was laid before.the
committee. Who is the author of this bill?
I come back to the assertion of my friend
from New Hampshire, that men all over the
country ask for such an association. Who are
the men who should ask for such an associa-
tion naturally? The men of letters, the men
of science, the artists. Is there one of them
who has made any such request? Are we not
volunteers in undertaking to endow such an
association? Is there any call for it ? Is there
any exigency, is there a reason for it? None
thus far has been assigned. And now let me
say that this list is most respectable; on it I
recognize valued friends : but I am obliged to
say tliat it is not the list that should be chosen
by the Congress of the United States in organ-
izing a great national institute by which the
character of this country is t,o be determined
in science, in literature, and in art. Sir, these
are great words, and not lightly can any one
assume to be a representative of either ; and
yet here are men who are to be organized as
representatives of all three—science, literature,
and art. Why, sir, before we undertake to
invest these men with that high character we
should know full well what we do. The sub-
ject should be carefully considered, debated,
and understood >in all its bearings. Especially
should we know the desires of those men in
our country whom all recognize as representa-
tives of literature, science, and art.
Sir, this is not a light question. It concerns
the character of our country. It concerns
especially the character of Congress. If Con-
gress affixes its sanction to an association with
this name itdeclares to all the world, "Behold
now the representatives that we select in
science, in literature, and in art; to these men
we hand over the guardianship of these great
interests ; to them we commit, in the name of
Congress, this beautiful trust." I am not ready
to commit such a trust under the provisions of
this bill.
• Again, I wish to say that for all the gentle-
men whose names I find here I have the most
entire respect; but as I should not select them
all for justices of the Supreme Court or for
foreign ministers, so must I say that I should
not select them as the representatives of my
country in science, in literature, and m art.
I think, therefore, the Senate had better pro-
ceed no further with this bill; and unless my
friend wishes to say something 
Mr. PATTERSON. I want to say just one
word.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then I will not
make now the motion which I had proposed to
make.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts in the course of his remarks inquired
if any one was here asking for this organiza-
tion. Now, I will say to my friend that I
have received letters from men of science in
different parts of the country expressing a
desire that an organization should be formed
more comprehensive in its scope than the one
now existing, to advance the purposes of men
of science and general learning. The Senate
is well aware that there was an association in
existence prior to the war, which held its meet-
ings in various cities of the country; I myself
attended one of those meetings, held at Mon-
treal. They were held at Boston, New York,
Cincinnati, and other great centers of the
country.
Mr. SUMNER. That was the association
for the advancement of science. I think that
continues now. I think I have received an
annual summons to it; I have the honor of
being enrolled among its members.
Mr. PATTERSON. It was not held for
several years, but has lately been revived, or
rather an effort has been made to revive it.
Many men who were leading members of that
association became members of the National
Academy of Sciences and lost their interest
in that move general association. There has
been, I will say to my friend, a good deal of
feeling, perhaps I may say some bitterness of
feeling existing in the country among literary
and scientific men that they were excluded
from this national academy. It could not be
otherwise, because the number was limited to
fifty, and there are many men in that academy,
and I say it with no disrespect to them, no more
worthy of membership than hundreds of others
who have been left out; and this has created
more or less ill-feeling.
Nobody can doubt that, the interests of
science and of literature will be advanced by
an association of this kind. There are no
great national interests such as the Senator
speaks of which will be sacrificed, so far as I
can see, by.its organization. It is simply an
association of scientific and learned men for
the advancement of science and literature.
The men whose names are given in this bill
stand in the relation of incorporators. Others,
if you please, more distinguished, may have been
elected to the association after its formation.
Now, the question is, shall we refuse to give
them such a charter ? I know perfectly well
that there is some opposition to it, and I know
from whence it comes, too. It comes from the
friends of the national academy, who seem
to desire to monopolize all the advantages and
honors of such an organization. At any rate
I know that the subject is so represented to
mo. I think there should be no close corpor-
ations of that kind. If we are to have hut one
association, let us enlarge its borders, so that
others outside may come in and share its
advantages, and through it contribute to the
country and to the civilization of our time the
results of their labors and learning.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I am very glad that some interest is taken
in this subject; and the Senator from New
Hampshire has very properly alluded to the
prejudice that exists against the existing cor-
poration. Now, it seems to me that if there is
to be an incorporated society of this sort to
embrace the whole country, instead of being
gotten up by a set of gentlemen that form for
themselves a mutual admiration society, it
would bo far better for the Committee on the
District of Columbia on their own motion to
insert a list of corporators, as they very prop-
erly might do; and if they were to bring in a
bill on their own motion, and put in the names
of such persons as ought to be put in it from
all parts of the country, then there would be
no complaint. But if this association shall be
incorporated as they now present themselves js
it not probable that the same objections will
bo made here to it that exist now and are made
in relation to the association wo have already
incorporated ?
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make one word
of reply to my friend from New Hampshire.
He says he knows the origin of this opposition.
If he knows the origin of it so far as I am con-
cerned, he must know that I make it entirely
in the interest of science and of literature and
of art. I make it at the prompting of no person,
nor have I spoken with any person on the sub-
ject 
Mr. PATTERSON. I hope the gentleman
will not misunderstand me. I did not intend
to suggest that the Senator from Massachusetts
was representing a close corporation; but I
say there is an influence outside of the Senate
which unconsciously may have influenced even
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator will 
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me a word. So far
as I am concerned, I can make the same reply
to the Senator from New Hampshire that has
been made by the Senator from Massachusetts.
I have had no conversation with any member
of the other academy or with any other hu-
man being on this subject at all until this
moment; and if the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire intended to include me in the
category of those who have been made oppo-
nents to this bill by that other mysterious
national academy, he is entirely mistaken.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not want to be
misunderstood in this matter. I have made
no allusion 
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator said he knew
from whence the opposition came.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do, very well.
Mr. HOWARD. And he was looking at the
Senator from Massachusetts and myself at the
time, us if lie meant us. That is all I can say
about it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I can say that I had
no reference whatever to the gentlemen in my
own mind. I know that these influences have
been brought to bear upon mo. Is that satis-
factory?
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. -
Mr. PATTERSON. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me say that they have
never been brought to bear on me. The only
persons who have spoken to me on the subject
of this society have been some of the corpora-
tors themselves. Two of them at least have
eallcd on me and asked me to support the bill.
No human being that I can recall has ever
lisped a word to me against it.
Mr. PATTERSON. Now I wish to say a
word, because I do not desire the impression
to go out that I have any ill-feeling or unkind-
ness toward the society now in existence. I
have not the least. I know there are men in
the society who are among the foremost men
in all this world in point of scicnce and ability j
men who are my friends; men for whom I have
the highest respect, almost reverence. Yet i
know that they feel a jealousy toward this pro-
posed institution. They have been to me with
the intent of defeating the organization pro-
posed. It was perfectly natural that they should
do so; but I think they are mistaken as to the
purposes of the proposed association. It is
not to come into competition with them, but
to form an association which shall take a wider
range, reaching to literature as well as science.
Mr. SUMNER. If there be the complaint
which the Senator represents as having gone
even to bitterness toward the existing national
academy, of which I know nothing whatever,
I would ask is this the proper corrective ? Is
not the natural corrective to be found 
Mr. PATTERSON. I never said bitterness.
Mr. SUMNER. What did the Senator say?
Mr. PATTERSON. I did not say bitterness
in lelation to the members of this organiza-
tion. I said there was bitterness in the country
against it.
Mr. SUMNER. I so understood the Sen-
ator. I say if there be bitterness in the coun-
try, as represented by the Senator, toward the
existing national academy, which he says
contains names which are an honor to the
country, and which have his reverence, and
names by which I may say, in that famous lan-
guage of Demosthenes, our country has been
crowned abroad ; if there be bitterness against
the existing National Academy what is the
natural coirective? Is it not in the bill now
on the tables of the Senate, moved by my col-
league, who is not now in his seat, to enlarge
the charter of that academy, so that it may
