4864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
desired_by those who are interested as benefi-
ciaries m tliis cestui que trust, if I may so call
it, that the title should be vested in tlieAugus-
tmian Society. °
Mr. Stanton, therefore, holding the property
by devise, as I have stated, proposed to execute
a deed, ana has executed a deed to the Augus-
tinian societies of these various properties.
-By tile letter of our internal revenue law these
transfers and conveyances would be subject to
succession tax and also to stamp tax. In the
opinionof theCommittee of Ways and Means,
as this is passing simply a naked title, unac-
companied by any beneficial interest, the ben-
eficial interest being in the people who belong
to the Catholic churches in these several local-
ities, itdoes not come within the spirit of our
succession and stamp tax laws. And they have
instructed me to report the bill with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information; after which objections will be
asked for, if any.
The bill was read. In its preamble it recites
that Louis M. Edge, in his lifetime, held the
legal_ title to certain church and school proper-
ties in the States of Massachusetts and New
York, the equitable estate being in the mem-
bers of congregations worshiping there ; and
that the said Louis M. Edge departed this life
on the 23d February, 1870, possessed of the
legal title to iho properties of said congrega-
tions, having first devised by his last will and
testament, dated April 11, 1864, and duly pro-
bated at Philadelphia, March 14, 1870, all the
property standing in his name to one Patrick
Stanton, of Pennsylvania. That the State of
Massachusetts, in the month of March, 1870,
and the State of New York, in the month of
April, 1870, have incorporated the pastors and
members of the congregations of the churches,
the titles to which were held by the said Louis
M. Edge, as bodies-politic, to have and to hold
said properties. And that Patrick Stanton has,
by deed dated the 23d April, 1870, conveyed,
for the consideration of one dollar, all the
property held by the said Louis M. Edge, dur-
ing his lifetime, in the State of Massachusetts,
to the Augustinian Society of Lawrence, char-
tered as aforesaid by the Legislature of said
State, and intends forthwith to convey the
property held by the said Louis M. Edge, dur-
ing his lifetime, in the State of New York, for
a like consideration of one dollar, to the
Augustinian Society of New York. The bill
therefore provides that the property held by
Louis M. Edge during his lifetime, and con-
veyed or intended to be forthwith conveyed
by his devisee, Patrick Stanton, to the Augus-
tinian Society of Lawrence, and to the Augus-
tinian Society of New York, be exemptedfrom
the operation of so much of the internal revenue
law, approved July 1, 18G2, and its amend-
ments, as subjects said property held by Louis
M. Edge to legacy or succession tax or stamp
tax upon the deeds of the said Patrick Stanton
to the Augustinian Society of Lawrence and
the Augustinian Society of New York.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unani-
mous consent, the joint resolution (S. R. No.
205) to determine the construction of an act to
provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, and for other purposes, approved
June 30, 18(54, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
HEATH OF LORD CLARENDON.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before
the House, as a matter of public interest, the
dispatch which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
London, June 27.
To S. 0. Notes, Agent American Press Association,
Washington. J). G.:
Earl of Clarendon, secretary of State for foreign
affairs, died at half past six o'clock this morning.
The earl had been previously ill for the past five
days. MOKE.
Dispatch rcceivcd here at nine a. m.
COSINESS OF TUB JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. BINGHAM. In behalf of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, I ask unanimous
consent that Friday next, after the morning
hour, be assigned to that committee to make
reports.
Mr. POLAND. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I will move to sus-
pend the rules so that the motion may bo
entertained.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. I yield now to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Churchill.]
PAY OF A CONTESTANT.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I am unanimously in-
structed by both the sub-committee of elec-
tions and the general Committee of Elections
to ask unanimous consent to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the sum of §1,500 be paid to Charles
Whittlesey, froinlhecontingentfundofthellouso, for
his time and expenses in contesting tlio right of
Lewis jVIcKkxzik to a seat as Representative in tlio
Forty-First Congress from the seventh district of
Virginia.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield for a suspen-
sion of the rules.
CHANGE OF JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back with the recommend-
ation that it do not pass, the bill (S. No. 387)
to change the judicial circuits ; and moved that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that it be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
on the table; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION FRAUDS.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to punish crimes and frauds at
certain elections, and for other purposes, for
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let that bill
bo read. We shall not get otf on the 15th of
July in the way we are now delaying business.
If you aregoing to regulate the New York elec-
tion you had better rescind the resolution to
adjourn and stay here until November.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield for this.
Mr. McGRE W. I demand the regular order
of business.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. NEWSHAM obtained indefinite leave
of absence on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. PACKER obtained leave of absence for
four days.
Mr. JENCKES obtained leave of absence
for four days.
Mr. POTTER obtained leave of abscnce for
this week.
FLORIDA TELEGRAPH COMPANY.
Mr. HAMILTON asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have printed the memorial
of the Florida Telegraph Company ; the same
having been presented by him on Saturday last,
and referred to the select Committee on Postal
Telegraph Lines.
BAILEY AND DENNY.
Mr. BENNETT asked and obtained unan-
imous consent to change the reference of
the case of Bailey & Denny from the Com-
mittee of Claims to the Committee on Com-
merce.
ELIZABETH J. CLA3IPITT.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have withdrawn from the
files of the House and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions the papers in the case
of Elizabeth J. Clampitt.
CAPTAIN L. O. GOODALL.
Mr. MOORE, oflllinois, asked and obtained
unanimous consent to have withdrawn from
the files of the House the papers in the ease of
the claim of Captain L. 0. Goodall, of Illinois,
for steamboat Forest Queen.
JAMES II. BIRCH.
Mr. JOHNSON asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have withdrawn from the
files of the House the papeis in the case of the
claim of James H. Birch.
Mr. SCOF1ELD moved to reconsider the
various votes of reference and recommittal this
morning; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. L. JAMES AND DR. W. E. KENNEDY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication Irom the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the House of May 19, 1870, in relation to the
claim of Mrs. Louisa James and Dr. William
E. Kennedy; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT BUILDING.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in relation to the condition of his
building, as to light, ventilation, sufficient room
and accommodation of clerks, employ&s, &c.;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
TICE METER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting to the House a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, in relation to the Tice meter; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
SAN JOSE RESERVATION, CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Hou-.e
a communication from the Secretary of Wm,
transmitting to the House reports from the
chief of engineers in relation to the Point San
Jose military reservation, in the State of Cal-
ifornia ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
NINTII CENSUS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the acting Secretary of
the Interior, recommending appropriations for
taking the ninth census; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
ALEXANDER DUNBAR.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War, in
relation to the claim of Alexander Dunbar;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
GOVERNMENT EXCHANGE AT LISBON.
The SPEAKERalso laid before the Housea
communication fromthe Secretary of the Navy,
in answer to the resolution of the House of
June 4, 1870, in relation to rates of Govern-
ment exchange at Lisbon ; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
PENITENTIARY IN WYOMING TERRITORY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting to the House a communi-
cation from the Governor of Wyoming Terri-
tory, asking for an appropriation, of not less
than $40,000, for the erection of a penitentiary
building in that Territory ; which was referred
