1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
fees of jodicial officers, etc.
Mr. BOLES also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1152) to amend an act entitled "An act to reg-
ulate fees and costs to be allowed clerks, mar-
shals, and attorneys of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, and for other
purposes," approved February 26, 1853; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
st. mary's falls ship-canal.
Mr. STRICKLAND presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Michigan
authorizing the board of control of the St.
Mary's B'alls ship-canal to transfer said canal
to the United States; which was referred, with
accompanying papers, to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STRICKLAND also introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 1153) to provide for the acceptance
of the St. Mary's Falls ship-canal from the
StateofMichigau, and the management thereof;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
burlington and southwestern railway.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1164) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of the Burlington and Southwestern
railway; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
jacob p. leese.
Mr. AXTELL introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 148) for the relief of Jacob P.
Leese; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
employes in united states mints.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 149) changing the mode of
appointing employes and servants of certain
officers of the mints of the United States;
which was read a first and seeond time, referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
land-grant railroad in minnesota.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1155) granting land to the State
of Minnesota to aid in constructing a railroad
from St. Cload via the Sunk Valley to the
western boundary of the State; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
captain If. ford.
Mr. WITCHER presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of West Vir-
ginia, praying the passage of an act of Congress
for the relief of Captain F. Ford; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
land-grant railroad in iowa, etc.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1156) granting land to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Sionx City, Iowa, to Colum-
bus, Nebraska; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
indian hostilities in nebraska.
Mr. TAFFE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1157) to reimburse the State of Nebraska
for expenses incurred in the defense of the
State and the suppression of Indian hostilities
in the years 1867 and 1869; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and. ordered to be
printed.
JE8TJ3 maria baca y saligar.
Mr. CHAVES introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 150) for the relief of Jesus Maria
Baca y Saligar; which was read a first and
second time, referred, with accompanying
papers, to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed^ ■
j1carilla apache indians.
Mr. CHAVES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1158) establishing a reservation for the
Jicarilla Apache Indians ; which was read a
! first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MAJOIl GURDEN CIIAPIN.
Mr. CHAVES also introduced a bill (H.
I R. No. 1159) for the relief of Major Gurden
II Chapin, of the United States Army; which
'I was read a first and second time, referred to
! the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
i capitol building at santa fe.
Mr. CHAVES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1160) making appropriations for the com-
pletion of the capitol building at Santa F6, in
the Territory of New Mexico ; which was read
a first and second time, referred, with accom-
panying papers, to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
frederick borkner and others.
Mr. CHAVES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1161) donating ten sections of public land
to Frederick Burkner and others for their ser-
vices in constructing large reservoirs for the
preservation of water on the Jornada del
Muerto, a desert in New Mexico; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, find ordered
to be printed.
land-grant railroad in dakota.
Mr. SPINK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1162) making a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad in the Territory of Da-
kota ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lauds,
and ordered to be printed.
1 springfield, yanct0n, and iowa railroad.
* Mr. SPINK also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1163) granting lands to the Springfield,
Yancton, and Iowa Railroad Company in alter-
nate sections, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Springfield via Yancton, in the
i Territory of Dakota, to a point at or near the
I mouth of Rock river, on the western boundary
of the State of Iowa; which was read a first
i| and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
idaho post route.
Mr. SHAFER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1164) to establish a post route from Weiser,
in Ada county, Idaho Territory, to Salubria,
in said county and Territory ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
call of states for resolutions.
The SPEAKER stated that the next busi-
ness in order was on Mr. Kelsey's motion
to lay upon the table the following resolution
introduced last Monday by Mr. Marshall, and
on which the yeas and nays were ordered at
the expiration of the morning hour :
Resolved, That the power granted in the Federal
Constitution to levy and collect taxes, duties, imports,
and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the com -
mon defense and general welfare of the United States,
does not include or emDrace any power to levy duties
for any purpose other than the collection of revenue
for the uses therein indicated; that a tariff levied for
any purpose other than revenue, and especially one
levied to foster and enrich one section of our country
at the expense of others, or to foster and enrieh one
elass of eitizens at the expense of others, is'unauthor-
ized by the Constitution, unjust to the great body of
the American people, and in its results injurious
eventually to nearly every industrial interest of the
country.
Resolved, That in the preparation of a bill for the
modification of existing tariff laws. Congress should
confine its action strictly to the preparation of a tariff
for revenue exclusively; and that the duties on no
article should be greater than that which will give
the maximum of revenue on said article.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 77, not voting
51; as follows :
- YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Asper, Banks,
Bcaman, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
Bowen, Buck, Buckloy, Buffinton, Burdctt, Cessna,
Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Conger, Cowle?,
Dawes, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Ela, Ferriss, Fcrrv,
Fisher, Gilfillan, llale. Hamilton, Hoaton, Hotlir,
Hoar, Hoge, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Kelley, lveisey,
Ketcham, liuapp, Lailin, Lash, Lynch, Maynaid,
McGrew, Mercur, Milnes, Kliakini II. Moore, Wi!-
liam Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Paine, Palmer, Phelps,
Poland, Prosser, Hoots, Sani'ord, Sclienck, Scotield,
Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Tafle,
Tanner, Tillman, Twichell, Van Horn, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, William B. AVashburn, Wel-
ker. AVheeler.Whittemore, Willard, Williams, John
T. Wilson, and Witeher—S9.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Beatty, Beck,Benjamin,Biggs, Bird,Booker,
James Brooks, Burchard, Burr, Roderickll. Butler,
Calkin, Coburn, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Deweese, Dick-
inson, Dockery, Dox, Finkelnburg, Getz, Gibson,
Golladay, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Ilamble-
ton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hay, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Knott, Law-
rence, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, McCrary,
McKenzie, McNeely, Niblack, Orth. Packard,
Pomeroy, Beading, Beeves, Rogers, Sehutnaker,
Shanks, Sherrod, Slocum, William Smyth, Steven-
son, Stiles, Stone, Stradcr, Swann, Sweeney, Trim-
ble, Tyner, VanAuken, Van Trump, Wells, Eugene
M. Wilson, AVmans, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Ayer, Bailey,
Barnum.Boyd, George M.Brooks, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Cake, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Davis,
Dixon, Dyer, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fitch, Fox,
Garfield, Greene, Hawley, Haysv Hill, liolmau.
Hooper, Alexander H. Jones, Kellogg, Logan,
Loughridge, McCarthy, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan,
Morrissey, Mungen, Packer, Peters, Piatt, Porter,
Potter, Randall, Rice, Ridgway, Sargent, Sawyer, '
Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Townsend, Upson,
Voorhees, and Wilkinson—51.
So the resolutions were laid on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were laid on
the table; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The House divided: and there were—ayes
69, noes 67.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schenck, and
Mr. Brooks of New York, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 62, noes 62..
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the motion to reconsider
is not laid on the table, will it then be in order
to move to refer the resolutions to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means ?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to lay the
resolutions on the table shall be reconsidered,
it will then be in order to moye to refer the
resolutions to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. I also rise to a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Will it not be_ equally in
order to move to refer the resolutions to the
Committee of the Whole, where the rest of the
stump speeches on the subject* matter will be
made?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the
motion to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolutions were
laid on the table.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 80, not voting
46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Arnell, Asper,
Banks, Beaman, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Bowen, Bock, Buckley, Buffinton, Roderick
R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Conger,
Cowles J)awes, Dickey, Dockery, Donley, Ela, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Gilfillan, Hale, Hamil-
ton, Heaton, Heflin, Hoar, Hooper. Hotchkiss,
Jenckee, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Laflin, Lash.
Maynard, McGrew, McKenzie, Mercur. Milnes, Eli-
akimH.Moore, William Moore, DanielJ. Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Packer,
Paine, Palmer,Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prosser,
Randall, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenek,
Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, William J. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Twichell,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wheeler, Willard, John T. Wilson,
and Witcher-91.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Archer, Axtell,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, Boyd, James
Brooks, Burchard,Burr, Calkin, Cox, Crebs, Cullom,
