1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3921
wliat I know,what I see, not what others say. The
Secretary of War says that the $30,000 placed in his
hands is nearly gone, and public charity cannot pro-
yide forsuch amultitude of helpless old people."
This charity grows out of our position. We
were here a place of retreat for these fugitives ;
they have come here, as it were, sitting at oar
altars; and we must do something in charity-
for their protection. Without this, according
to the testimony before the committee, they
will have a hard time.
Mr! FOWLER. I have no objection cer- :
tainly to the names presented as the persons to
be charged with the distribution of this charity.
They are perhaps as good as any others. But
I want to know what reason is to be offered
here for feeding the poor of this city contin-
ually out of the public Treasury. It should be
remembered that this Treasury has to be sup-
plied by taxing the poor in other sections of
the country; and this money comes out of other
people's pockets, not out, of our own. It is a
very easy thing to vote away other people's
money for charities of this kind. I am not
satisfied that the poor of the city of Washing-
ton are suffering to the extent here represented,
and suffering to such an extent that we must
put our hands into the Treasury of the United
States every few months for the purpose of
supplying their wants. I think the people of
Washington ought to do something themselves
for these persons.
Again, I am not satisfied that the povertj' of
this city is so great as to demand a supply of
this kind. Throughout the country elsewhere
every city, every community supports its own
poor; and the city of Washington is able to
support its own poor if it is properly attended
to, and they are the best judges of it. A few
persons may come here, and the Secretary of
VVar may tell us that they arc in great want.
If he had one hundred or five hundred thousand
dollars every week ho could distribute it, and
the more money you give him the mpre poor
he will have knocking at his door constantly,
and the greater will be the demand of these
persons for relief. 1 am utterly opposed to
giving this supply of money at the present
time. I do not believe it is needed.
Mr. VICKBRS. I regret that I shall oppose
the appropriation of this money. During the
winter, in the inclemency of it, I voted cheer-
fully for the $30,000 appropriation for the re-
lief of the poor; but this bill proposes to appro-
priate $10,000, to be placed in the hands of
two ladies, one in the city of Philadelphia and
the other in the city of Washington, a resi-
dent of the city, who has had a portion of the
$80,000 to distribute.
After this subject was introduced in the Sen-
ate I addressed a letter to the Secretary of
War inquiring how much of the $30,000 was
unexpended. A gentleman from that Depart-
ment, whose name I forget, called upon meat
the Senate Chamber. An interesting debate
was going on in the Senate, and I had but a
very lew moments to devote to him. He was
desirous of communicating to me in person the
information that I desiredin writing. However,
I had not the time, but intended afterward to
call upon him at his office, but have been too
much engaged to do so. I inquired of that
gentleman who had the distribution of the
money, and he told me that the Secretary of
War could not himself attend to a matter of that
sort and had confided it to him. I asked hint
if he could recommendthis new appropriation.
I understood him to say he could not. I
inquired how much was unexpended ; he said
between three and four thousand dollars. But
I cannot think that the condition of the poor
here is such as to require this large expenditure
at thisseason oftheyear. During the inclem-
ency of the winter we could not avoid making
a large appropriation.
Mr. COLE. No more ungrateful task can
any one undertake than to oppose by word
or act public or private charity ; but I do not
believe in the policy that is proposed by this
bill. I know from my own observation that
41ss Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 246.
persons able to earn a living have been the
recipients of these charities, I have been along
the streets when these distributions have taken
place, and I have found able-bodied persons
receiving the benefits that had beeii provided
by Congress thfts far. That there are some in
the receipt of these charities who are unable to
maintain themselves is unquestionably true;
huf there is ,a great want of discrimination
between the classes who are accommodated.
The policy I would advocate is that some em-
ployment may be provided by-which these per-
sons ean earn something, and I would pay them
sufficient wages for their support, even though
they rendered but little service. If Congress
would make an appropriation for some peblic
work it would relieve the necessities of these
people better than making a donation directly.
1 believe that the Government is at this time
carrying on no public work in this city. Such
a condition of things rarely occurs, and yet such
is the present condition of affairs in this city.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to remind my
friend that these people are too old to work.
For instance, here is a letter that I have from
the office of the " National Freedmen's Relief
Society," dated May 27, from which I read a
sentence:
"Rainy and cold as it is, at this moment there are
seventy-six old skives standing before inc. everyone
asking for bread, bread; many half naked."
The Senatoroannot put them to work. There
is no work they ean do. They must be ted.
Mr. COLE. I have seen 011 the streets of this
city within a few days persons who could barely
live, yet earning a little money, with a knife
perhaps digging up the grass in the gutters. I
was glad to see them thus employed and earn-
ing a little money. I presume it amounts to
but little; but giving a wholesale charity of this
kind in this way inculcates a very bad principle,
in my opinion.
One word further. I presume many of these
persons depend on corn meal; but can the Gov-
ernment supply that forever? If so, let us
establish alms-houses, do the same thing that
is done in the best organized States, and let the
charity be distributed in such a way that those
who are really entitled to it will get it. It seems
that the charities we have bestowed thus far
have not amounted to much, for what we have
bestowed has not decreased the number of
mendicants. There are from a dozen to fifty
calling at every dwelling in this city every day.
Each receives something ; so much as can be
afforded, perhaps, by the household. They are
in the receipt of private charities in this way.
I do not like the practice of donating the peo-
ple's money out of the Treasury for such a
purpose.
Mr. CONKLING-. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will let
us get through with this question  
Mr. CONKLING. Themotionis notdebat-
able. I insist on the motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I reported to
the Senate yesterday a brief deficiency bill,
and I am advised by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations on the part of the
House that it is exceedingly important that I
should call the attention of the Senate to it now,
that it may be passed this afternoon, so that
it may go back to the House with the amend-
ments we put upon it, that they may act to-day.
I ask the Senate to allow me to take it up.
Mr. CONKLING. If it can be done by
unanimous consent I make no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. _ I ask unani-
mous consent. I do not think it will lead to
debate. If it does, of course it can be with-
drawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was very anxious to
call up the bill relating to the supreme court
of the District of Columbia. It is a District
matter, and I should like to get rid of it this
afternoon. There will be 110 other chance that
I know of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is a matter
of general importance, .affecting first the pay of
members, who, I understand, have had none
for the last two months; and seeondy there is
a deficiency in the expenses for collection, of
the revenue which has been in an embarrassed
condition for some thirty days; and hence I
til)ink it ig a matter of such pressing public
necessity that this bill should be considered
that I must insist on it. It is House bill No.
1977. There is no controversy about it.
The^ PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objeotiou to the proposition of the Senator
from Maine ? The Chair hears none.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS.
There being 110 objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1977) to supply a de-
ficiency in the appropriation for compensation
and mileage of members of the House of Rep-
resentatives and Delegates from Territories for
the fiscal year ending June 80, in the year 1870.
The bill proposes to appropriate $500,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, for the
compensation and mileage of members of the
House of Representatives and Delegates from
Territories, to supply a deficiency of appropri-
ations for the fiscal year ending June SO, 1870.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
the bill, with an amendment to insert as an
additional section the following:
Srce. 2. And be it farther enactcd, That the sum of
#1,100,000 bo, and tho same is hereby, appropnated
to supply a deficiency in the appropriation tor the
expenses of collecting tbc revenue from customs for
the fiscal year ending Juno .'30,1S70; and that tlio
sain of $20,000 be appropriated for the payment of
foes to special counsel in such cases wherein tho
United States are parties in interest, as theSocretary
of the Treasury may deem it necessary and proper to
employ tho same, to be disbursed under liis direc-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that involves a
very important consideration ; J allude to the
latter provision. In the first place, the Sen-
ator from Maine congratulated tho country and
informed the Senate a day or two ago that he
had saved $1,000,000 in the legislative and
executive appropriation bill that came from
the House by striking down the provision lor
collecting the revenue from $8,000,000 to
$7,000,000. Now he comes in here with a bill
to supply a deficiency for this year by appro-
priating upward of one million dollars. If
that is the way that our expenses are to be
reduced, it will be seen that we are_ not mak-
ing much progress. If we appropriate in the
general appropriation bill, as was done it seems
a year ago, a smaller sum than is necessary by
more than one million dollars, and then come
in with a deficiency bill of §1,000,000, we gain
nothing. It is a very large sum of money. And
then here is another appropriation of $20,000
to be expended by the Treasury Department in
employing counsel to see to cases. I think it
is about time that we passed^ the general bill
creating a department of justice, and not have
all these heads of Departments employing coun-
sel in this way.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to call
up that bill at this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
a word in reply to the Senator from Illinois.
When the Senator criticises thus severely I am
aware that he criticises according to a habit
of his mind, and therefore I am not particu-
larly offended. I expect that; but 1 wish to
say to him that if he was better informed as to
what he talks about he would see how gratui-
tous the remarks which he makes about_ the
chairman of the Committee 011 Appropriations
are. They are utterly unfounded, in fact; and
the slightest observation or attention to what
the chairman said on a former day would hav®
spared me the infliction of such speech as
that, and would have been more just to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
in the view of the country. The chairman said
no such thing as is attributed to him by t.n;
Senator from Illinois. He is mistaken alto-
gether about what he comments npon, and lhe
