1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2033
far either way from §1,000. It may have been more.
1 don't know whether anybody else paid him any.
Question. And the appointment was made by Mr.
Butler m consideration of the $1,000 you paid him?
Answer. Iao not know that I have any right to
swear that it was made in consideration of that. I
had had a conversation or two with Mr. Butler be-
fore the money part of the matter was broached, and
urged upon him if he had no application m his own
district to appoint this young man. I took consid-
erable interest in the matter, and so did General
bcnofield. I had given my opinion that the appoint-
ment would not belegal unless the young man should
remove to Mr. Butler's district and obtain a resi-
dence there; but his father said he was willing to do
that for the sake ol*getting the appointment. The
young man was very intelligent and bright, and I
believed would have done credit to any man making
the appointment. I remember that Butler said the
samething, speaking very favorably of him. Whether
the money induced Butler to make the appoint-
ment, or whether he would have made it any way
had he received no money, of course I cannot say.
Question. "Was the money paid overto Mr. Butler
before or after the appointment was made?
Answer. I cannot say which. The one event suc-
ceeded the other very closely, I know. 1 got the
money, I think, from General Schoepfe ; I know he
was acting directly for General Tyler; I can say this
much for certain: I gave to Mr. Butler somewhere
about one thousand dollars that came from General
Tyler.
Question. Bo you know whether any other parties
received anything for their services in connection
with the matter?
Answer. Well, I wrote a regular legal opinion, and
bothered myself about it a good deal m one way and
another; and I received something, exactly how
much I cannot say. At first I went about the matter
voluntarily and without charge; but then there came
up a question of law as to locality and a question of
law as to age, and I had to give a legal opinion, and
do a great deal more in connection with the matter
than I had at first contemplated, and I received some
compensation—as I said before I have forgotten
exactly how much—for my legal services.
Question. Was it to West Point that this young man
was sent?
Ansiver. I think it was to Annapolis; it could be
easily discovered by looking at the list of students.
Question. What part did General Schofield take in
these negotiations?
Answer. He talked in favor of the young man to
Butlkr. I never understood that he had any inter-
est in the matter further than thatho was acquainted
with the old gentleman.
Question. Do you know of any other cases where
money was taken for making appointments?
Answer. Oh, no. I wish it understood that I never
engaged in any general brokerage business of this
kind. In this instance I became interested in the
young man and his father; I went to Garfield and
Stevens to see it they knew of any vacancies, and
got a list of vacancics from General Schofield; I
found several, and was introduced to two or three
Itepresentatives from the southern States, but noth-
ing came of it; then I found that. Butler had this
appointment that could be obtained for a consider-
ation, and since I had taken hold of the matter I
thought I would put it through. That is all the
experience I have ever had in this line of business.
Washington, February 25,1870.
George P. Este recalled.
Question. Who introduced you to Mr. Butler ?
Answer. I think General Garfield did.
Question. Where did that introduction take place?
Answer. In the House, or in one of the corridors.
Question. Was it at your request?
Answer. Yes, sir; it was at my request. I did not
know Mr. Butler, and I requested General Gar-
field to introduce me.
Question. What was your object in seeking the
interview?
Answer. My object was to talk to Mr. Butler in
regard to the vacancywhichl had learned, from tbe
list that I had received from the War Department,
was in his district.
Question. Bo you remember the statements that
you made to Mr. Butler in that interview ?
Answer. I cannot state them, of course, seriatipi,
except tbe general import of them. I asked him
whether ho did not have a vacancy at bis disposal,
and whether he had decided to give it to any one.
Upon discovering that he had a vacancy, and tuat
he had not decided to give it to any one, I said to
him that I was very anxious to procure an appoint-
ment for the son ot General Tyler.
Question. Did you not tell him that you were in-
formed by the Secretary of War that there was a
vacancy in his district?
Answer. I may have slated that; I cannot say pre-
cisely ; Ihad learned the fact, however, from the list
of vacancies which the Secretary of War was kind
enough to give me.
Question. Was there anything said in that inter-
view as to any consideration for the appointment?
Answer. Not a word. I extolled the merits of the
young man and the character of his father, who was
an old officer in the Army.
Question. Did you at any time make any proposi-
tion to Mr. Butler to pay him for the appointment?
Answer. Not for the appointment; not until after
I understood that the appointment was agreed upon
by him. After speaking of the merits of this young
man, and of the position of his father, and that ho
had a great many friends who would be very much
gratified at the appointment, which would be a credit
41st Cong. 2d Sess.-—No. 128.
to Mr. Butler s own district, (as I understood the
young man nad been prepared in his coarse of studies
tor several years with a view especially to go to West
Point,) I remember that during the conversation Mr.
Butler raised the question of the legality of an ap-
pointment where the party appointed had not been
£ resident of the district; and I remember stating to
Mr. Butler, that I had examined that questionquite
fully, and was satisfied myself that the appointment
was legal, provided the appointee would become a
resident of the district.^ 1 also remember saying to
him m that conversation that, to satisfy his own
mmd, he should go to General Schofield, in tbe War
Department, and there learn the opinion of the War
Department upon that subject. I think 'that that
was about all that occurred about thai time.
Question. Was anything at all said about pay until
long after the appointment was made?
Answer. I will tell you all that occurred in regard
to the whole subject.
Question. You stated in your previous testimony
that the appointment was made by Mr. Butler in
consideration of $1,000 paid by you; do you mean to
let that stand ?
Answer. No, sir; that was the use of a wrong word
m a wrong place. I had forgotten all about the mat-
ter at the time, and it is easy to understand how a
wrong expression might be easily used. It is my own
experience as a lawyer that very few people will
measuro their language as they ought to ao in giving
testimony. Thefactaboutitissimply this: that after
I left Mr. Butler to make that inquiry I saw him
again, perhaps at his house, or I saw him casually at
the Capitol, and I think that all that passed between
us was that I asked him whether he had seen the
Secretary of War, and I think he said he had. I
think I saw him at the House afterward, and he sug-
gested to me that while he was satisfied he could
mako tho appointment, provided the young man
would make his residence in his district, he wanted
some assurance that he would do so. I then under-
took to get tbe assurance through the friends of Gen-
eral Tyler. I informed General Sehoepfo that Mr.
Butler desired to have an assurance that young
Tyler should go to his district immediately or soon,
and 1 asked General Schoepfe to procure that assent
from General Tyler. Then Mr. Butler, I am sure,
informed me that he would be willing to make the
appointment, and I took it that tho appointment
was agreed upon, and so informed, I think, General
Sehoepfo, in order that he might inform General
Tyler that the appointment was made or would be
mado; that Mr. Butler had agreed to make it. After
that Imyself suggested to General Sehoepfo that Gen-
eral Tyler ought to make a hansome present to Mr.
Butler. lie said there would be no question about
that; that General Tyler had authorized him to say in
the very beginning (and I think ho informed me, per-
haps, at tho very first interview I had with him) that
General Tyler was so anxious about it that consider-
ations were no object, and that anything I might ask
I could have. I said to General Sehoepfo in reply to
that, "General, I am not doing this for General
Tyler; lam doing it for you as a friend. I would
not undertake to do anythingof this sort foranybody
except as a matter of personal friendship; it i3 out
of my line; I am not in that business." General
Sehoepfo said something to mo in reference to tho
propriety of it, but I said we would not discuss that
point then, and that I doubted anyway whether the
appointment could bo made; that I doubted very
much whether the appointment was legal, and that
prior to making any effort about it I should first
inform myself upon that point, which I did by my
own examination and also bv conversations with
General Schofield in the War Department and with
other people as to what had been the practice. It
was upon my own motion, and knowing that Gen-
eral Tyler would be only too glad to make any recog-
nition of it, that I did suggest to Mr. Butler the pro-
priety of his permitting meto give him a certain sum
of money, more or less, (I do not know what it was.)
We had, perhaps, some talk in regard to the condi-
tion of the proposed canvass, or something of that
sort. The main point with me was that I under-
stood Mr. Butler was representing Mr. Johnson's old
district, and that Mr. Johnson would becomingback
one of those days, and 1 think th&lperkaps I alluded
to the fact that he would have Andy back on him.
Question. Did you have reference to the campaign
then going on in Tennessee?
Answer. Ido not recollect the fact whether there
was a campaign going on or not. I think he men-
tioned the fact that there were two papers in his dis-
trict in a very bad condition and that required sup-
port. I had no conversation directly or indirectly
with General Tyler; I communicated this to Gen-
eral Schoepfe, who was acting as General Tyler's
friend.
Question. When you paid over this money, was it
with the understanding that it was for Mr. Butler
himself, or forcampaign expenses?
Ansxcer. I will say, that so far as I was concerned
I felt like this—that Mr. Butler did a very kind and
generous thing, and that it was the duty of General
Tyler to recognize it. Mr. Butlek said that these
things were existing in his district, and I proposed i
to him myself to take it for that purpose, lremem- |
ber his saying in that oonversation, *4 General, I do
not know: I cannot take this for myself."
Question, How long was it after the appointment
was made before you gave him tho money?
Answer. I cannot say. This was a matter running
through two or three weeks from the beginning, and
as to the exact time occurring between these differ-
ent things I cannot state. I am satisfied, the more
I have thought of it, that the money was paid after
I understood that the appointment was made, and
had so informed General Schoepfe.
Question .Was it some ten or fifteen days after?
9+h,nol;no-tso long asth'at; I think itwas
™ls-?0lkaiJeA: bat 11 .^s after I had Mf. Butler's
promise that the appointment should be made.
.Question. You never had, before the appointment
was made, proposed to pay Mr. Butleu anything
for the appointment ? • fa
Answer. No, sir; I never proposed to pay him
lor the appointment; and I am fortified in that
impr.essio.n by two or three ieasous. In the fiist
place, during my investigation of the matter, and
before I had made any inquiries about it except
as to the question of practice and of trfrfe law. Gen-
eral Schoepfe came to my office one day and said to
me that he could get an appointment; and T think
he named a sum of money for which he eouid get it.
I told him to have nothing to do with such a thing—
to leave it alone; I suppose tEat'in throe "dr tour
ways it came to my knowledge that such a thing
could bohadfora eonsidei'ation. Of course,it made
no difference to mo, and I did not avail myself of it.
I his was before the introduction to Mr. Butler ; and
it 1 had desired to accomplish my object in that way I
had abundant opportunity; but I did not choose to do
it. And a reason, too, why I went to Mr. Butler was,
that having heard the rumors I came to the conclu-
sion, after getting my list of vacancies from the War
Department, that as tho members from the extreme
Gulf States were generally men new to their districts
and not under obligations to their constituents, such
as we have ordinarily to reeognize, and as Mr. But-
ler had a vacancy Ironi an old estate where I under-
stood he was brought up, 1 thought it possible that
he was a little higher toned than gentlemen from
the Gulf States. I had heard, too, that-he was a
high-toned gentleman. General (xarktkld had spo-
ken of him to me very highly.
Question-. In your interviews with Mr. Butler did
you state to him that it would be a personal tavor to
the Secretary of War, and that General Tyler was an
intimate friend of the Secretary of War?
Answer. I cannot stato as to what I said about its
being a personal favor to General Schofield. I
alluded to General Schofield, among others, as being
a gentleman m close relations, per&aps, with. Gene-
ral Tyler, and that it would be agreatfavor to a largo
number of gentlemen if it was done. I remember
stating the fact that General Tyler had a greatmany
warm and intimate friends who would be very much
gratified at anything that would bedonoin that way.
Question. Do you recollect saying to him that the
Secretary of War said that an appointment made out
ot the district would be legal ?
Answer. I referred him to General Schofield, and
told hiinnottp rely upon my opinionsimply, although
I had examined the question and had no doubt about
it; but I referred himself to General Schofield to
satisfy him.
Question. When you first had an interview with
Mr. Butler did he not say to you that ho would do
nothing in the matter until he had an interview
with tho Secretary of War and found out whether
or not the appointment could be made?
Answer. As to that, of course 1 cannot state the
exact language employed by Mr. Butler, but the
fact was that I did leave him with the understand-
ing that he was to see General Schofield. Just what
he said about it I cannot of course recollect. In ex-
pressing to him the opinion that it would be legal I
told him I had examined the question and felt satis-
fied that the appointment w«uld bo a legal one,
provided the young man would make his residence
in the district. 1 knowthatlreferred him,toinform
himself further, to the Secretary of Wav, as I myself
had learned from him and from others that that had
been the practice of theDepartmcnt for a long time.
Question  Diet not Mr. Butlek tell you that he had
had an interview with the Secretary of War, and
that the Secretary informed him that it would bo
very gratifying to him if tho appointment was made ?
Answer. My impression is that he informed mo
that he had an interview with General Schofield.
and I think he informed me that, either from Gen-
eral Schofield or from others, my statements in re-
gard to tho matter and in regard to tbe charaoterof
General Tyler were more than corroborated. But
just from whom he learned it I cannot state. I
remember very well his saying something in that
connection.
Question. Did General Schoepfe tell you from
whom he could procure an appointment tor a con-
sideration ?
Answer, lie might have done so, but I do not recol-
lect now whether he did or not.
Question. Are you sure as to v  hother he mentioned
Mr. Butler in that connection?
Answer. Oh.no; he did not mention Mr. Butler in
that connection. My own impression is that General
Schoepfe never had an interview with Mr. Butler ;
but whom ho had the intimation from I do not rec-
ollect.
Question. When y on paid this money to Mr. Butler,
did you not propose at that timo to give him $1,000,
the full amount, and did he not refuse to receive it?
Answer. I do not know about that. I do not re-
member the amount now. I only know that after
the appointment was agreed upon and settled, so far
as I understand it, I suggested the propriety of Gen-
eral Tyler sending a sum of money, which I intended
for Mr. Butler. Whether I mentioned any particular
sum or not I do not know. Ju3t precisely all the con-
versation that took place at that time I do not know,
except that there was this general tajk in regard to
the propriety of his receiving it, coming from me, as
a recognition of his doing what! regarded as a very
generous action. I intended that Mr. Butler should
not go without a proper recognition from General
Tyler, although I did not state that to Mr. Butler.
Question. Did you mean it for Mr. Lutler individ-
