mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL <SrLOBE.
75
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Economy in Public Expenditures—Mr. Dawes.
Ho. op Eeps.
then some four or five millions more of mis-
takes.
The Clerk read as follows :
Post Office Department,
Office of Thikd Assistant Postmaster General,
Washington, D. C., December 22,1869.
Sir : I havo the honor to call your attention to the
following error in the printed estimates of appropri-
ations required for the service of the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending June 30,1871,
as stated on page 228 of the letter of the honorable
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting estimates,
&c. (Ex. Doc. No. 5, Forty-First Congress, second ses-
sion.)
The estimated excess of expenditures over receipts
is there stated at $11,702,131 21 against $5,740,000 ap-
propriated for the same item for the current year.
The true amount should bo $4,702,131 21. This sum,
together with the amount asked for special mail
steamship service, $725,000, making a total of $5,427,-
131 21, is tho amount asked to bo appropriated out
of the general Treasury. The balance of the esti-
mates after deducting the above clerical error of
$7,000,000 is required to be appropriated out of the
revenues of tho Department.
I would also invite your attention to the statement
in same tables that no details were furnished as to
tho object of expenditures under the several heads,
and beg to state that no details could be given fur-
ther than the general headings of tho items of appro-
priation, which fully explain the objects for which
the appropriations were asked.
In preparing the estimates, as submitted in the
letter ot the Postmaster General ot the 6th instant
to the Hon. James G. Blaine, Speaker of the House
of Representatives. (Ex. Doc. No. 13.) it is proper
you should be informed that the itemized accounts
for expenditures during the fiscal year ended June
30,1869, were taken as a basis. To these sums was
added what it was supposed would be a reasonable
amount for the increased service to be rendered by
the Department during tho year ending June30,1871.
If required the increased percentage on tho sev-
eral items of servicc and expense can be furnished
os estimated by tho Appointment, Contract, and
Finnnco bureaus.
Very respecttully. your obedient servant,
W. 11. II. TMIKELL.
Third Assistant Postmaster General.
lion. Hi;N_RY L, Dawes, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, Ilouse of Representatives.
Mr. DAWES. This formal and precise letter
is the only one that I have ever seen, and there
is in it not a word of any other mistake but the
$7,000,000.
Now, Mr. Chairman, see whether I " con-
cealed " that or not. The first words T uttered
after I gave the footing of the book were these.
I said:
"It is due to tho Post Office Department to say
there is an error of $7,000,000 in that, which reduces
the amount to $42,000,000."
It was inquired yesterday why I did not take
the error out before I stated the footing of the
book. I so stated the footing in the book and
the error along with it, so that he who should
take the book and compare it with what I said
was the footing would not come back and con-
tradict me and say the footing in the book is
$49,000,000 and not $42,000,000, and I tacked
to it as tight as words could tack the fact that
there was an error of $7,000,000. Now, sir, I
said I will compare the estimates for this year
(1869-70) with the estimates for the next year.
I read them from the books. Had I not a
right to take those estimates as true? Who
made them? Who sent them here? Who
referred them to the Committee on Appropri-
ations? That was done for our information,
and I had the right to assume they were true.
I did assume that they were true. And I stated
in good faith what I believed, that they were
true.
They were, sir, literally true. I took the
estimates, as I said, precisely as they are in
the books. I do not know anything except
the $7,000,000, for which I gave full credit,
that was not exactly as I read it from those
books. But, sir, it turns out that by the new
mode of compiling estimates adopted by the
Treasury Department, as well as by the fact
that a portion of the estimates for the Post Office
Department for the year 1809-70 were left out
of the general summary, this comparison of
estimates with estimates makes unfavorably
against the estimates for 1870-71 to the extent
of the amount so omitted as above, namely,
$16,175,413, all arising from the mode of com-
piling the estimates, which was, I venture to
say, known to no mortal until after the discus-
sion of last week disclosed it. It arose simply
from putting in, besides the excess of postal
expenditure over receipts, the •whole postal
expenditure in a separate communication to
Congress not included in the general summary
of 1869-70 nor anywhere alluded to in it.
The estimates of 1870-71 are entitled to the
benefit of that, and I give them the benefit of
it as cheerfully as if they had put it correctly
in the beginning and not innocently misled
themselves and me, too.
The estimates which they furnished us did
not present their own case as favorably as it
ought to be presented, by the difference in the
amounts so called for in the post office estimates.
I took the footings as they were furnished me;
the "blunders" were not mine. No one can
justly bring a railing accusation because of
them. No man can take advantage of his own
blunders any more than of his own wrong. The
Secretary in his report to Congress presents his
estimated expenditures, as follows:
Civil service and miscellaneous  $60,000,000
Pensions and Indians  36,000,000
War Department    50,000,000
Navy Department  18,000,000
Interest on the public debt  127,000,000
Total  $291,000,000
In reference to which ho adds ;
"Tho estimates of expenditures are based upon
the expectation thatno extraordinary appropriations
will bo made."
Now, sir, I am asked why I did not take this
estimate of Mr. Boutwell instead of tho esti-
mates for appropriations, and compare it with
the estimate for appropriations for the present
year. The reason is plain. Mr. Boutwell's
estimate is the estimate of what he thinks will
be the expenditures for the coming year, predi-
cated upon the condition of lighting off all
" extraordinary appropriations/' The other,
on the contrary, is the estimate of all the
bureaus and heads of Departments of the sums
for which they ask appropriations, including
the "extraordinary appropriations" which
Mr. Boutwell expressly excludes, and is tho
same as that of the present year, with which
I compared it. You will see that the Navy
Department is already in advance of him
$0,598,297 37. I make no hollow professions
of friendship, but I stand here to-day with Mr.
Boutwell fighting down the "extraordinary
appropriations" if possible to his total,
$291,000,000, while my colleague [Mr. But-
ler] stands with the other bureaus and De-
partments of the Government, striving to hold
up the appropriations to theirtotalof estimates
forthem of $331,097,825 62, less the $7,000,000
mistake.
But, sir, the whole comparison of estimates
for the two years was incidental to the main
argument. The grand point of inquiry was
whether we were asking for more appropria-
tions for the coming year than were made for
the present year; whether the tendency in
expenditures was upward or downward. And
therefore all this comparison of estimates,
whether right or wrong, may be brushed aside
and still the great question will remain unan-
swered. I therefore compared what was appro-
priated for this year (1869-70) with what
appropriations were asked for for the next
year, (1870—71,) and I stated that the appropri-
ations asked for for the latter exceeded those
of the former $42,000,000. Now, turn to the
grand total on page 242 of the book of esti-
mates and you will find that excess stated at
$49,082,537 01; deduct the $7,000,000 error,
and you have the exact excess. The errors
into which the comparison of estimates with
estimates fell, already alluded to, do not affect
this comparison, for each item of appropriation
asked for for the coming year has in opposite
columns the amount appropriated for the same
object for this year, why have the thunders
of assault broken over the unimportant com-
parison of estimates, and left this only serious
and real comparison of what is actually asked
for for the next year and what is appropriated
for this year to pass in silence?
Now, Mr. Chairman, we were told yesterday
that the estimates of last year were made by
the hostile Administration, and that they were
estimates not of what they would carry on the
Government for this year, but of what the
incoming Administration should carry it on
for ; and that therefore this sudden fit of econ-
omy was at our expense. We were told that
Andrew Johnson's administration had cut us
down in its estimates for our first year below
what we could carry on the Government for,
so as to embarrass the incoming Administra-
tion ; and this was said, sir, by one who was
himself a member of the Committee on Appro-
priations,which, if this be true, sought further
to embarrass the incoming Administration of
its friends by cutting down those very estimates
$20,000,000 more. If the estimates were put
at the sum they were so as to embarrass the
incoming Administration, and were no fair
estimate of the proper and necessary expend-
itures, why was the additional cutting down of
$20,000,000 put on by our own friends ? Wo
were told yesterday two stories about it. One
was that of the gentleman who said the esti-
mates were cut down and that he participated
in it because there were unexpended balances
of a large amount which he expected would bo
used to make up tho deficit.
That was why ho did it, he said. Sir, the
trouble about that statement is that nobody
ever hoard of it before yesterday. The role he
played last year in this work was that of an
economist. Those of us who were here in the
last Congress know what were the professions
of every member of the Committee on Appro-
priations in reference to the expenditures,
which we believed and still believe to have
been sincere, and the gentleman who arraigned
me yesterday was not a silent member of that
committee. The telegraphs all over the land
were day after day burdened with the exploits
of that gentleman in cutting down the expendi-
tures. Does he mean to say now that he did
not intend the country should understand that
the expenses of the Government for the present
year were to be reduced to the amount granted
for that purpose last year, and that he does not
intend that for the next year they shall be kept
within that limit ? Why, sir, he even won the
uncontested honor of cutting down the laborers
of the Government to $600 per annum; whether
it was because they had some " unexpended
balance" upon which to feed in the mean time
does not appear. [Laughter.] And, sir, in
order that we might be assured that that was the
reason which actuated the gentleman, a letter
was brought in here from the Secretary of the
Treasury stating that there were unexpended
balances in the War Department of $104,000,-
000; in the Navy Department of $18,000,000 ;
in the Interior and Pension departments of
$20,000,000; and in the civil service of $18,-
000,000. When? A year before this ; on the
30th day of June, 1868. These appropriations
were for the year beginning 80th June, 1869,
and this book I hold in my hand shows that on
the 30th of June, 1869, there were but $10,-
000,000 to the credit of the War Department.
But does the gentleman mean to say that he
recommended in specifications for specific ob-
jects given sums for the War Department for
its expenditures the present year, but that after
all they were to use in addition $104,000,000
as they pleased ?
Sir, if that was so what means it that the
War Department sent us day before yesterday
a communication stating that they areshort now
