4866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27^
point of order. This changes the plan of the
whole work for the plan abandoned when Mr.
Meigs left the work. I was at first inclined to
think the amendment of the gentleman was an
improvement on the appropriations in the bill.
My impresfion is the other way now, and I
must insist on my point of order.
1 he CHAIRMAN. The Chair is in doubt
iibout the point of order, and would like to
hear the gentleman from Illinois on the point
of order.
Mr. COOK. I believe the amendment has
been offered in ample time. The truth is, I
was lying down, not being very well to-day.
1 can explain this matter in about three min-
utes, so as to satisfy members it should be
adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
remarks of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. COOK. At the commencement of the
present session of Congress the Committee for
the District of Columbia 
Mr. PINKELNBORG. T will object to
debate until the point of order has been settled.
We have been shut out from necessary improve-
ments iu St. Louis on the same point of order,
and I should like to see it enforced here.
Mr. COOK, I think there can be no doubt
the amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will enter-
tain the amendment, and rule it to be in order.
Mr. COOK. I desire to address to the com-
mittee a few words of explanation. The Com-
mittee fertile District of Columbia was ordered
to investigate this matter of the Washington
aqueduct at the commencement of the session,
and they proceeded carefully to examine the
work and to take testimony in relation to each
portion of it. There is no difference between
the amendment which I submit and the appro-
priation which the Committee on Appropria-
tions recommend, except as I shall now state.
We agreed that there were $9,000 to pay par-
ties for property actually taken for the public
service. As regards the other items there is
no dispute between us at all. But there is a
change in the plan of constructing the aque-
duct since the original plan was made. The
original plan provided that the distributing
reservoir should be kept at its present depth,
and that the walls should be protected with a
sloping wall of broken stones. The new plan
which is submitted, and toward which there
is an appropriation of $100,000 in the appro-
priation bill, provides that the distributing reser-
voir shall be deepened to the depth of twenty-
four feet, and that the walls shall be laid in
cement.
The Committee for the District of Columbia
have agreed that neither of these two things is
at present necessary. The distributing reser-
voir in its present condition, it is agreed on
ail hands, will yield fifty million gallons of
water per diem—every twenty-four hours ; and
there are mains connected with the aqueduct
now sufficient to carry into the city twelve
million gallons daily.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WELKEE. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the 830,000 which
it appropriates for finishing the bridges. The
amendment of my colleague on the Committee
for the District of Columbia [Mr. Cook] eon-
templates the entire completion of the aque-
duct and the stone bridges connected with this
public work. 1 myself went over the list and
personally examined the whole of this work
from the city up to the Great Palls. It would
he exceedingly desirable, it is true, that there
should beanappropriation made for the purpose
of finishing the entire work, and this appropri-
ation of $30,000 would finish those bridges.
Bat. the point I make in relation to it is that it
io not necessary justnow to expend that amount
of money. It is proposed to spend this $30,000
putting coping upon the bridges and finish-
ing lJje-31. They will stand very well for a
'BdmUM' of years without that appropriation,
f-(Jo hot think we ought now to make it.
I desire now to say one word in relation to
the improvement of these water-works. It is
indispensably necessary that some considerable
amount of money shall be appropriated in
order to furnish clear, good water to the inhab-
itants of the city of Washington. The main
difficulty about tliis aqueduct is that there is
no distributing reservoir now that is used, and
the water that comes to our city comes out of
the Potomac river, and when there is mud in
the river there is mud of course in the water
brought to the eity. There are two plans by
which it is proposed to improve this distrib-
uting reservoir. One is to make it consider-
ably deeper by excavation, perhaps twelve feet
deeper, so as to accommodate a larger body
of water. The other proposition is to finish
it upon the old plan, proposed by General
Meigs in the original commencement of the
construction of that work.
By personal investigation and inspection
those of us who made that personal investiga-
tion and inspection were satisfied that for the
present it would do very well simply to carry
out the old plan of stoning the sides of the
reservoir, and not attempt to make the excava-
tion, which would be a very expensive matter ;
and that, if a sufficient amount of money is now
expended for the purpose of building up a
stone protection round the reservoir, with the
slightimprovement provided for by the amend-
ment of my colleague, it will for the present
enable the people of Washington to get pure
water by means of that aqueduct.
Mr. FERRY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment, and yield my time to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. COOK. One of the difficulties about
this supply of water is that it is not raised high
enough. 1 have the engineer's estimate for the
work on this aqueduct, and it is precisely as I
have stated, excepting the $411,000 for deep-
ening the reservoir. If that plan is adopted, T
want the committee to understand that it will
not raise the water a foot higher. Nor can it
be raised in that way. The only way in which
the water can be raised higher is by putting in
a new main—a thirty-six inch main—which
ought to be done, and must be done by the
city. That will be recommended in a report
which the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia are nearly ready to make on this question,
because the city are receiving pay for all the
water distributed in the city, and have also
taxed the abutting property for putting down
the main, which was actually laid by the Gov-
ernment; and consequently they ought to put
in the new main. That is understood, and 1
suppose every one ngrees to it. If the new
main be put in, then water can be taken up
into any building. I suppose the distributing
reservoir has now a capacity for supplying fifty
million gallons of water a day. That would
supply five hundred thousand inhabitants. It
actually supplies about twelve million gallons
daily.
Now, as to the amendment of my colleague,
[Mr. Welkeh,] I care nothing s.bout it. The
§80,000 is for finishing the coping of these
bridges. That can be done next year as well
as this. They can remain as they are for
anothpr year. I have not any objection to the
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will modify
his amendment in that way, the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kei.sey] will not object to it.
Mr. COOK. I will modify my amendment
by striking out the $30,000 for bridge coping.
I want the committee to understand that that
will leave my amendment for completing the
aqueduct and doing all the necessary work,
except the coping for the bridges, §23,000less ,
than the Committee on Appropriations report i
for continuing the work for the present year.
Mi\ DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
modify his amendment so as to provide for
completing the entire work except the coping
of the bridges, and that it will be adopted as a
substitute for what the committee reported.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should like while these
gentlemen are giving their explanations to the
House, and particularly gentlemen connected
with the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, to understand a little more clearly what
we are to expect in regard to this Washington
aqueduct and its supply of water. I under-
stand now that the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] pro-
vides for the entire completion of the aqueduct.
Mr. DAWES. Except the coping of the
bridges.
Mr. SCHENCK. The language used in the
bill is " for continuing the construction of the
distributingreservoir" of the aqueduct. Noth-
ing is said about deepening it. But I under-
stand from the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Cook] that neither his proposition nor the
proposition of the Committee on Appropria-
tions contemplates any more supply of water
to the city than is now obtained ; and if that is
so, then the aqueduct is to be completed, while
it, happens to be within my personal knowledge
that even now the water does not rise to the
second stories of many ofthehousesof the city.
Will the gentleman from Illinois tell us what is
to be the expectation in regard to getting water
from this aqueduct at some time hereafter, or
whether it is to be completed and leave us in
the anomalous condition of having abundance
of water in the reservoir, the work on which
we have given millions to complete, and yet
no water m the houses ?
Mr. COOK. The answer to that question is
this: the reservoir ig sufficient to supply fifty
million gallons daily: but the mains by which
the water is distributed from the aqueduct to
the city and the navy-yard have only capacity
to distribute twelve million gallons daily, and a
great deal of that water is used for manufac-
turing purposes. Two plans have been talkpd
of and partially agreed upon to remedy the diffi-
culty. One is to provide that the city shall lay
down a thirty-six inch main connecting with the
distributing reservoir, which would cure the
difficulty. Another plan is, in addition to that,
to establish water-meters, so that water shall
not be drawn off in greater quantities in one
part of the city than another. Now, this aque-
duct has been a pretty great work.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know it.
Mr. COOK. There is no provision in the
appropriation bill, and nothing can be putin it,
by which the water can be made to rise higher.
It is not necessarv for me to say to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] that having
that reservoir made twelve feet deeper than it is
now will not raise the water one inch higher
in any house in Washington.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am well aware of that.
I think the gentleman's statement can be well
illustrated by an anecdote told of an intelligent
Irish attorney of Cincinnati. He complained
of a neighbor for a trespass in '* erecting a hole
in the ground'1 on his premises. That, how-
ever. still leaves me wondering at this con-
dition of tilings. _ I suppose it. can be taken
only as another illustration of the miserable
policy of a partnership between the General
Government and a petty corporation. It seems
that with all our expenditure of millions for
the construction of an aqueduct, and notwith-
standing the great supply of water in the reser-
voirs ; ample, as the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Cook] says, for half a million people
should the population of the city amount to
that number—it seems that all this is to end
in nothing unless the city can be compelled
to do something on its part to conduct that
water to the different portions of the territory
occupied by the eity.
ilr. COOK. Not so ; the Government, can
put it in operation at any time; but as the eity
recei ves the rents for this very water it is right
that it should put in the mains.
Mr. SCHENCK. Cannot art amendment be
made to this bill which shall require the city
authorities to do its part to complete the work
so as to accomplish the object of that work?
