1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
with the assurance we should endeavor to get
♦he bill through as soon as possible, that I
•nude the reductions I have indicated.
Mr DAWES. These appropriations are
lweelV to be expended in the transportation
of goods up the river; and unless it can be '
done before the spring is over there mil be a ;
Heat addition to the expenditure, lherefore
Ins desirable this bill, if passed at all, should
SARGENT. We can get through this
bill in a few days.
The questiou was taken ; and it was decided
in the alfirmative—yeas 108, nays 42, not voting
67; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Asper, Axtell,
Bints, Be&m&ii. Beatty. Beck, Benjamin, Bennett,
Benton, Bird. Buckley, Buffinton. Burchard, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill,
fl rke.Cook, Conger, Cowles, Crebs, Dawes. Dickey,
Donley,Dox,Dyer, Ela. Farnsworth. Ferris*, terry,
Fiokelnburff, Fisher, Fitch. Get*. Gibson. Haight, ,
Haldeman, Hale, Hawkins, Hawley, Hcaton,Hemo, .
Hoar.Hoge, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Johnson, Julian, j
Kelsey. Laflin. Lash, Lawrence, Loughridre. Mo-
Grew, McKeniie, Milnes, Kliakim H. Moore, W llliam
Moore, Niblack, Packard, Paine, Palmer, Piatt, i
Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Reeves. Boots,
Sargent, Sawyer. Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, John A.
Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. 6mith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stone,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Sweeney, Taffe, Till-
man, Twichell. Tyner, Van Horn, Voorhees. Ward,
Cidwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wells, Whittemore, Wilkinson. Willard,
Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans, Winchester,
Witeher, and Wood—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Biggs, Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Burr, Amasa Cobb, Cox, Dickinson, Golla-
day, Hambleton. Hamill, Hooper, Thomas L. Jones,
Kelley, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mayham, McCor-
mick, McCrary. McNeely, Mercur, Morgan. Negley,
O'Neill, Orth, Packer, Phelps, Randall, Beadiug,
Rogers, Schenck, William J. Smith, Stiles, Stokes,
Swann, Tanner, Trimble, Van Auken. Van Trump,
and Woodward—42.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Ayer, Bailey, Barnum, Booker, Bowen,
Boyd, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buck,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cleveland. Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Cullom, Davis, Deweese, Dixon,
Dockery, Duval, Eldridge, Fox, Garfield, Gilfillan.
Greene, Griswold, Hamilton, Hay, Hays, Hill, Hol-
man, Jenckes. Alexander H. Jones, Judd. Kel-
logg, Ketcham, Knapp, Logan, Lynch, Maynard,
McCarthy, Jesse H. Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Sam-
uel P. MorrilL Morrissey. Mangen, Myers, Peters,
Potter, Rice, Ridgway, Sanford, Schumaker, Sco-
field. Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, SlocUm, Stevens,
Strader. Townsend, Upson, Wheeler, and Eugene
1L Wilson—67.
So the motion was agreed to.
Daring the call of the roll,
Mr. KERB said: I desire to state that Mr.
Eldkidgk is detained from the House by sick-
ness.
Ur. TRIMBLE. I also desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. Rice, is detained from the
House by illness.
china and japan indemnities.
Mr. DICKEY, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back the bill (H. R.
No. 979) authorizing certain indemnity funds
received from the governments of China and
Jajrnn to be covered into the Treasury of the
United States, with the recommendation that
it do pan.
Mr. DICKET. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. BANKS. I object. The subject has
been referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to suspend the rales,
to allow the bill to be considered St the present
time.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the bill may be
read.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be reported.
Mr. BANKS. I object to the bill* being
reported.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to object. When a gentleman moves to
saapend the rules for any action, it is the right
; of the House to understand what is to be the
i 'object of that action, and the shortest way to
l get at it is to read the bill.
i Mr. BANKS. I object to the bill being
( reported by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania desires to report it under a suspension
of the rules, and the motion to suspend the
rules will be put after the bill lias been read.
The bill was read. It provides that it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of State, as soon
as practicable after the passing of this act, to
deliver to the Treasurer of the United States
all bonds into which any portion of the indem-
nity fund received from the Governments of j
China and Japan by the Department of State !
has been invested, and all uninvested moneys i
belonging to said indemnity fund. That the
bonds so received by said Treasurer shall be ■
added to the sinking fund, and the money cov-
ered into the Treasury of the United States;
and that any moneys belonging to said indem-
nity funds received hereafter from the said
Governments of China and Japan as indemnity
shall in like manner be paid over to the Treas-
urer and covered into the Treasury of the
United States.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 81, nays 84, not voting 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Axtell, Beaman,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Booker, Boyd,
Buokley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Cessna,
Amasa Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cullom, Davis, Dawes,
Dickcy, Donley. Dyer. Ela, Ferry, Finkelnburg.
Fisher, Garfield. Hawley. Hay, lleaton, Heflin.Hoge.
llotchkiss, Alexander II. Jones, Kelley, Kelsey,
Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Logan. Loughridge, McCrary,
McKenzie, Mcrcur, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, O'Niell,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Phelps. Pomeroy,
Porter. Prosser, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
William Smyth, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Tyner, Cadwalader C. Wa hburn,
William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Whittemore, Wil-
liams, Winans,and Witeher—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer. Arnell. Asper,
Banks. Bennett. Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Boles,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Churchill,Clarke,
Coburn, Cowles, Cox, Crebbs, Deweese, Dickinson,
Dockery, Dox, Farnsworth, Ferrisg, Fitch, Getz,Gib-
son. Golladay, (iriswold, Haight, Haldeinan, Hamill,
Hawkins, Hooper, Jenckes. Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones. Judd, Julian, Kerr,Marshall, Mayharn,May-
nard.McCormick,McGrew.McNeely, Myers, Niblack,
Orth, Randal], Reading, Reeves, Ridgway, Rogers,
Roots, Schenck. Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocum, Wil-
liam J.Smith.Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather,
Stiles.Stone, Strong.Swann.Tanner.'Xillman,Trim-
ble, Twichell. Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Trump,
Voorhees. Wells, Wilkinson, Willard, Eugene M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson. Winchester, Wood, and
W ood ward—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong. Ayer,
Bailey, Barnum, Bowen, George M. Brooks, James
Brooks, Buck, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb, Dixon, Duval, Eldridge, Fox, Gilfil-
lan, Greene, Hale, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hays, Hill,
Hoar, Holman, Ingersoll, Kellogg, Ketcham, Knott,
Lawrence, Lynch, McCarthy, Jesse H. Moore, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, Morrissev, Mungen, Negley, Peters,
Piatt, Poland, Potter, Rice, Sanford, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Strader, Sweeney, Taffe, Townsend, Upson,
Ward, and Welker—52.
So (two thirds not voting affirmatively) the
rules were not suspended.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had concurred in the resolution of the House
of Representatives to print extra copies of F.
V. Hayden's field report of geological survey
of Colorado and New Mexico.
Also, that the Senate disagreed to the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 435) for the temporary relief of
the poor and destitute people in the District of
Columbia, and asked a conference upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon;
and that Mr. Hamlin, Mr. Nye, and Mr.
Vickers had been appointed conferees on the
part of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL AND RESOLUTIONS SIGNED.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee bad
examined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolutions of the following titles, when
the Speaker signed the Bame:
A bill (H. R. No. 336) for the relief of
Alinzor Clark;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 41) donating
to the public schools of Washington, District
of Columbia, the frame building located at
the southeast corner of Twenty-second street
west and I street north in s;iid city ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 143) to author-
ize the Secretary of War to provide for taking
meteorological observations at the military
stations and other points in the interior of
the continent, and for giving notice on the
northern lakes and sea-board of the approach
and force of storms.
franking privilege.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Eetolved, (as the senso of this House,) That it i3 a
wasteful expenditure of the publio money to longer
continue the publication in the Globe of the notices
of the presentation of the printed petitions in favor
of the abolition of the franking privilege, as issued
under the direction of the Postmaster General, and
the same is hereby ordered to be discontinued.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object. I am opposed
to defeating the expression of public opinion
by a side-wind of this sort.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to suspend the rules,
so as to enable me to offer the resolution.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
60, noes 43.
Mr. LAFLIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Laflin and
Mr. Maynard were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 83, noes 36; two thirds voting in the
affirmative.
Mr. LAFLIN. I believe in the right of
petition 
Mr. CONGER. I demand the yeas and nays
on suspending the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels very much
embarrassed under the circumstances now be-
fore the House. He understood from the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Laflin] that the
resolution would give rise to no debate or delay.
The hour of half past two was agreed on and
assigned as the time when the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgan] would announce the death
of his colleague. That time has now gone by.
Mr. LAFLIN. I will not interfere with any
arrangement of that kind, but what I have to
say will not occupy three minutes; and I believe
after what I shall say no one will object to the
adoption of the resolution. It is entirely mis-
understood.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman if his resolution is designed to deprive
the people of the right of petitioning Congress
to abolish the franking privilege ?
Mr. LAFLIN. Not at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to sug-
gest that the resolution should go over as
unfinished business, and the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgan] be recognized.
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly; I have no objec-
tion to that.
DEATH OF HON. TRUMAN H. IIOAG.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, the duty has
been assigned to me, by the Ohio delegation,
of announcing to the House the death of onr
colleague, Truman H. Hoag, late Represent-
ative in CongressfromthetenthdistrictofOhio.
Averse to public life, distinguished alike for
the kindliness of his heart and the probity of
his character, Judge Hoag entered the arena
of politics not as a matter of choice, or ambi-
tion, but in compliance with the demand of his
neighbors and friends; and a? an evidence of
the appreciation in which he was held by those
who knew him, he received the high personal
compliment of a majority of more than nine
hundred votes in a district which gave eighteen
hundred majority against his party at the pre-
vious congressional election.
It is not my purpose, sir, to pass a eulogium
upon the dead, nor to obscure with many words
the worth and simplicity of his character. He
died, as he had lived, a Christian gentleman,
an upright citizen, a devoted and indulgent
husband and father. And in conformity with
the instructions of my colleagues, I offer the
