2980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Males. Females. Total.
Total States 448.847 639,863 1,088,710
Territories.
Colorado (no returns)  ...
Dakota  62 15 77
District of Columbia  1,258 2,2!8 3,506
Nebraska  317 301 621
Nevada  l'!8 5 143
New Mexico 16,008 16,750 32,758
Utah  03 225 323
Washington    295 142 437
18,176 19,689 37,865
Total States-and Territories, 467,023 659,552 1,126,575
But this is not all. It is well known that in
the States where there has been no system of
lree schools the education of a large propor-
tion of those who may be taarely able to read
and write is so limited and deficient as to amount
to a very poor qualification for the duties of
an American citizen. Is it not time that at-
tention should be called to this appalling state
of affairs?
Mr. President, is not the policy of our states-
men too exclusively materialistic in its char-
acter? Are not our Senates and academies
and statesmea and scholars giving too great
a preponderance to the development of the
merely physical resources of the nation? Sir,
wealth and physical power are not the only
elements, nor, indeed, the principal elements
of the national welfare. The true statesman,
and even the wise political economist look
more to the intellectual and the moral. Here
they find the ouly safe principles which must
underlie all abiding national prosperity and
glory. Moreover, looking only to tbe devel-
opment and advancement of our material in-
terests, it is demonstrable that tlje general
education of the people would be the most
efficient and reliable basis- of success.
Sir, a calm and philosophic contemplation
of the future of our. country must inspire the
gravest apprehensions in the mind of every
thoughtful patriot. Our territory, already im-
mense, is constantly expanding, and will con-
tinue to expand. Already we hear ardent,
voices exclaiming:
" No pf nt up Utioa confines our T>owerS;
The whole boundless continent is ours."
Already we include every variety of climate,
from the borders of the frigid zone almost tos
the tropic. History, physiology, philosophy
admonish as of the ejects of climate on the
character, habits, passions, if not, indeed, on
the opinion®, of men., The diversities of eco-,
nomical interests, embraced in this vast, ex-
panse of territory, leading tp antagonisms of
policy, will be np less numerous and hazardous
to the harmony of our internal relations. Dif-
ference of race, difference of language, the dis?
cord of heterogeneous civilizations introduced
by the large and constant influx of foreign im-
migration, will multiply and aggravate the dis-
turbing influences which are likely, to agitate
the country. The European and the African
are here now, and Asiafe beginning to pour her
herds upon our Pacificcoaats—all possessing
distinctive types of character.
By what agency ean we hope to assimilate
these diverse elements of society so as to. secure
a harmonious political unity? Our great and
multiplying facilities for commercial and social
intercourse will accomplish.much in this direc-
tion ; but urfiversal education wilt do more.
Ignorance is always provincial; intelligence is
national. Ignorance is always, sectional; in-
telligence is catholic. Popular ignorance ia
the parent of local prejudices. It is incapable
of an enlarged patriotism. . It cannot compre-
hend the general welfare. It will be in the
future, as it has been ia the p&st, the instru-
ment of demagogues and disappointed ambition,
to organize sectional hostility against the na-
tional Government. Who does not know that
the late rebellion would have been impossible
if the masses of the southern people had been
as well instructed as the masses of the North ?
The time has come, Mr. President, when,
however repugnant it may be to the traditional
sentiment of the country, we must recognize a
great fact in our history ; I mean the central-
ization of power in the national Government.
We may regret it, but we cannot avoid it.
The emergencies of the late war hastened the
development of this principle. The expand-
ing proportions of our territory and the mul-
tiplying antagonism incident to our national
progress will accelerate and develop it still
more and more. Indeed, the history of all
great nations would seem to imply that this
tendency of centralization in the life and pro-
gress of every great nation is inevitable. It
seems to be a fundamental principle, insepar-
able from national destiny. So testifies all
human experience.
" But," says Mr. Draper in his late history
of our civil war, " though the course of empire
is unvarying and resistless, its character may
be determined by men. In an ignorant and
animalized nation the central power will be
profligate and tyraunical; on the contrary, an
intelligent people can fashion it as they please.''
Let us, therefore, fashion ours aright by pro-
viding the means of education and intelli-
gence.
What objection can there be to the applica-
tion of the people's domain to the people's
education ? In what manner could it be more
beneficently used? And for a purpose so vital
to the public welfare why may we not resort to
other sources for means, if it be necessary, to
accomplish the object? • We do not hesitate to
grant millions of the public lands for the con-
struction of railways across the western States
aud across the continent. Abatihg the extrav-
agance which sometimes, as I think, charac-
terizes our liberality in this- respect, tending to
enrich private corporations and pamper great
monopolies far above what is necessary to
build these great works, no man rejoices in
their construction more than I do. Let them
be made. Let them, bind the nation from ocean
to ocean in the strong bonds of commercial
iijterest and social intercourse. Let then} util-
i20 the immeasurable physical resources of the
country, and speed our progress in all the
departments, of the material power and pros-
perity of the nation.
But that is not enough. Thero remains a
higher duty fof us and a higher destiny for
the people, if we would; Ell up. the full meas-
ure of the national welfare we must send the
schoolmasteralong with the engineer ; we must
encircle the continent with school-houses as
well qs railroads.. Sir, there are richer mines
in the intellect of the people than in the quartz
mountains of California or the silver-bearing
lodes of the Nevadag. The former must be
developed as well as the latter, else our mate-
rial wealth n*#vy become our greatest peril and
the true graiideur aud glory of the Republic will
retpain. incomplete. And therefore I repeat
the inquiry, why should we not set apart the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands for the
promotion, of the people's edu.catipn.? *
-If it be alleged that the burtLen of the public
debt would be.inpreased by such an application
of the, land sales, let me answer that the great-
est burden whioh, the country carries to-day
is the ignorance of so large a proportion of the
people* involving so many disad vautagea&nd so
much detriment to.the publio welfare. Educa-
tion ia the mpst.prgdujQtive sourqe of revenue.
Intelligent industry is the most remunerative
capital of any nation. It is the highest element
of a prosperous political eoonomy. Where do
we find the moat fruitful fields of ouc present
immense national revenues? I answer, op the
barren Soils and amid the inhospitable climate
of the New England States. The reason of
this is found in the efficient school system and
consequent general intelligence of the people
of those States. ;
If any question should be raised aa to the
power of Congress to dispose of the proceeds
of sale of the public lands for the purposes
indicated, I suppose it would be a sufficient
answer to say that these lands belong to the
whole people of the United States, and any
use of them which should inure to the benefit
of the whole people alike would be more war-
rantable and far more equitable than the pre-
vailing policy of surrendering them to private
individuals and rich monopolies, oftentimes
with little benefit to the public. I admit the
necessity of providing means of access to our
territories and making them available for set-
tlement and improvement; but the necessity
of carrying light and development into the dark
and dormant wastes of ignorance among our
people is still more imperative.
Besides, what are the police powers of the
nation? May we not pass laws to preserve the
peace, to maintain order, to enforce the laws,
to prevent crime and immorality? And then,
there is the supreme law, the public safety.
And is not universal education essential to
these ends? Can liberty endure without it?
Is it not indispensable to the life and perpe-
tuity of the nation? Does it not involve the
supreme good of the nation? Sir, I think we
may here find authority for going beyond the
proceeds of the public lands. 1 should have
no hesitation in adding a liberal per cent, of
increase of the tax on whisky and tobacco, and
of thus making these sources of vice and crime
contribute $10,000;000 annually for the pur-
poses of education.
Mr. President, I conclude in the language
of Mr. Guizot, still more applicable to the
United States than to France:
" Universal education is henccforth one of the guar-
antees of liberty and social stability. As every prin-
ciple in our Government is founded on justice and
reason, to diffuse education among the people, to
develop their understandings, and enlighten their
mind is to strengthen our constitutional Government
and secure its stability."
I ask for the passage of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution. It is a resolu-
tion of inquiry.
The resolution was adopted.
SHIPPING OF SEAMEN.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
resumes the consideration of the Calendar on
page 11, order of business No. 298. The Sec-
retary will report the first bill.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 532) to authorize the appointment of
shipping commissioners, by the judges of the
several district courts of the United States to
superintend the shipping and discharge of sea-
men engaged in merchant ships belonging to
the United States, and for the further protec-
tion of seamen; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary read the bill at length.
The Committee on Commerce had reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section twelve, line three, to strike
out the word 1' fifty'' and insert'' seventy-five;''
so that the section will read:
That the master of every ship bound from a port
in the United States to any foreign port, or of any
ship of the burden of seventy-five tons or upward,
bound from a port in one State to a port in any other
than an adjoining State, shall, before he proceed on
such voyage, make an agreement, in writing or in
print, with every seaman whom heoarriqs tosoaason#
of thecrsw, in the mannerhereinafter mentioned, <fcc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment.was in section thirty-
nine, line twenty-five, after the word " quau:
tities," to insert "oc were unavoidably injured
or lost;" and in line twenty-six of the same
section, after the word " thereof," to insert the
words "in a reasonable time so that the
clause will read:.
But if it is shown to the satisfaction of the court
before which the ease is tried that any provisions,
the allowance of which has been reduced, could not
be procured or suppli«d in sufficient quantities, or
were unavoidably injured or lost, and that proper
and equivalent substitutes Were supplied in lien
thereot in a reasonable time, the court .shall talce
such circumstances into consideration, and snail
modify or refuse compensation as the justice of tne
case may require.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was in section forty-
