1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7#
following resolutions for adoption by the House,
and send them to the desk of the Clerk that
they may be read.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, That in the death of Hon. Texjman H.
Hoag, late Representative in Congress from the
tenth district of Ohio, this House has lost a worthy
and useful member, the country a most estimable
citizen, and his family, relatives, and associates a
steadfast and valued friend.
Resolved, That to give expression to their due
appreciation of the talents, attainments, and patriot-
ism of the deceased, and to indicate their regret and
sorrow for his lamented death, the members of this
House will wear the usual badge of mourning for
thirty days.
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed,
to accompany the remains to Toledo, Ohio.
Resolved, That these resolutions- be spread upon
the Journal of the House of Representatives, and
that a copy of them be sent by its Clerk to the family
of the deceased.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, this House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, in pursu-
ance of the instructions of the Ohio delega-
tion in this House, I second the resolutions
which have just been read. In doing so 1
desire to pay a humble tribute to the charac-
ter of my deceased colleague, Mr. Hoag ; not
unmindful, however, of the appropriateness
of the words which have just fallen from the
lips of my colleague, [Mr. Morgan,] and
which, in all their simple force and truthful-
ness, I adopt. The dead need no eulogy.
I have hitherto abstained, during all the
years of my service in this House, from par-
ticipating in these manifestations of personal
regard for deceased members, from the con-
sideration the dead need no eulogy. The dead
by death have become immortal, and they are,
therefore, beyond the reach alike of our cen-
sure or our praise. Nothing that we can say
can add to or take from the Character which
belonged to them living and which belonged
to them dying. The only offices left to the
survivors of departed men toward the dead
are to make honorable mention of their names,
to imitate their virtues, and to perpetuate, by
just and truthful record, their services in pub-
lic and private life, giving decent and Chris-
tian burial to their perished dust.
It was not my good fortune, Mr. Speaker,
to have intimate personal acquaintance with
my departed colleague. His period of service
here was too brief to admit of much personal
intercourse. What I say of his character to-
day comes to me through the good report of
his neighbors, who have known him long and
well, and who by a vote of more than fifteen
thousand elected him to represent the people
of his district in the councils of the nation.
Itgives mepleasure to add further that during
my visit last fall to the city of Toledo, the place
of my deceased colleague's residence, his neigh-
bors invariably spoke of him in terms of the
highest regard, declaring him to be a man of
upright character and pure life, industrious,
kind, generous, patriotic, and faithful to all the
obligations which he owed to his fellow-men
and to his. country.
. I am authorized by those who knew him to
say that in the hoar of the nation's trial he was
more than a Republican, more than a Demo-
crat, in that he was a patriot for his country,
giving generously his support to its defenders
from the*beginning of that hour of trial to its
close.
I am further advised, Mr. Speaker, that
twenty-two years ago our deceased colleague
came a stranger to the city of Toledo, without
means, and that by his industry and attention
to business he acquired an ample competence
for himself and for his family; and, what is
more, that by the uniform good conduct and
uprightness of his life he won the confidence,
respect, and esteem of all who knew him.
, Coming to this House of Representatives
with such qualities of character, we are not at
liberty to doubt that if it had pleased Provi-
dence to prolong his life and his strength he
would have discharged the trust committedto
him with such fidelity as to command the entire
approval of the House and of the whole coun-
try.
But, sir, it has been otherwise ordered by
Him "who doeth all things well." Our col-
league, in the fullness of his manhood, in the
prime of his strength and faculties, has fallen
upon the threshold of his official services, and
fallen so suddenly and so unexpectedly as to
remind us all "what shadows we are, and
what shadows we pursue 1"
Mr. Speaker, the best and most fitting trib-
ute which we can pay to our deceased colleague
is to exemplify in our own lives the incorrupt-
ible integrity of his character.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am unwilling, Mr.
Speaker, to permit this occasion to pass with-
out a word from me to the memory of one who
so lately occupied a place with us on this floor.
He was here bat a short time, but he was here
long enough to win the confidence and esteem
of all who knew him. I shall never forget the
first conversation I had with him on being
introduced to him. He impressed me as a:
grave, intelligent, and honest man. His views
of public life were so sober as to commend
them and himself to my confidence.
Mr. Speaker, it is sad to lose such a man
from our councils. Men of strict integrity, of
sound common sense, of large, catholic, and
all-embracing affections are the great want of
the public life we are living. May God give
us more such, and spare for long usefulness
those we have! Our deceased friend was
such a man, at least he seemed to me upon
our brief acquaintance to be such a man, and
therefore I stand to-day among the mourners.
Those who know him better have spoken fit
words of eulogy; those who knew him best
will not speak of his virtues and his worth,
because the grief they feel is unutterable.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
resolutions, they were adopted unanimously.
The SPEAKER. In pursuance of the res-
olutions just adopted, the Chair appoints as
the committee to accompany the remains of
the deceased to Toledo, Ohio, Messrs. Dick-
inson, Beatty, and Ambler, of Ohio; Mr.
Winchester, of Kentucky; and Mr. Williams,
of Indiana.
And then, in accordance with the resolution
just agreed to, the House (at three o'clock
p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: The petition of James
Cromwell and others, of Tower Hill, Iowa,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of 23 citizens of Seaton, Iowa,
for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of 28 citizens of Richland
Springs, Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of M. E. Kaier and 43
others, citizens of Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of 76 citizens of Orchard,
Iowa, for the same purpose.
By Mr. AMBLER: The petition of Samuel
J. Bliler and 117 others, citizens of Canal Ful-
ton, Stark county, Ohio, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of James Genge and 33
others, citizens of Moore's Salt Works, Jeffer-
son county, Ohio, for the same purpose.
By Mr. AMES: A petition of citizens of
Canton, Massachusetts, to abolish the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Abington,
Massachusetts, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of North Swan-
sea, Massachusetts, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of North Scituate
Massachusetts, for the same purpose. '
Also, a petition of citizens of Scotland, Mas-
sachusetts, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of North Bridge-
water, Massachusetts, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Myricksville
Massachusetts, for the same purpose. '
Also, a petition of citizens of Pembroke and
Hanson, Massachusetts, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Marshfield*
Massachusetts, for the same purpose. '
By Mr. ASPER : The petition of David E.
Stratton and 71 others, citizens of St. John)
Putnam county, Missouri, asking the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. T. Horn and 60
others, citizens of Missouri, for the same pur-
pose.
Also, the petition of William Smith and 76
others, citizens of Brooklyn, Harrison county,
Missouri, for the same purpose.
1 By Mr. BE AM AN : The petition of Richard
i W. Clineand37 others, farmers of Spring Wells
i and Ecorce and workingmen at the iron and
| copper works near Detroit, Michigan, remon-
\ strating against any change in our tariff laws
suggested by a free-trade league, and praying
i for such reduction of duty on tea, coffee, drugs,
spices, and other articles of comfort, the pro-
duct of tropical countries as the necessities of
the revenue will admit; and also for such
readjustment of duty on articles which may be
' made in this country as will prevent frauds on
the custom-house, maintain home industry, and
sustain the wages of the American mechanic
I and the market of the American farmer.
Also, a memorial of Detroit Glass Works,
representing 108 employes; of N. M. Macal-
I lister, secretary Glass Works, representing 120
[ employ6s; of Moses W. Field, farmer, repre-
} senting 32 employ6s; of R. F. Trevillick, pres-
\ ident National Labor Union, and others, ex-
pressing their belief that the pretended statis-
| tics of the Special Commissioner of the Revenue
in his last report will be found erroneous; that
his conclusions are a libel upon American man-
' ufacturers and workingmen; and asking that a
| special and searching examination be made of
• the allegations of said report and of the data
| on which they are based, that the truth may
i be made public, and error, however strongly
indorsed, may be effectually confuted.
Also, the memorial ofE. B.Ward,iron-maker,
and president Detroit Manufacturers' Associa-
tion for various industries, representing 2,000
employes; of John Burt, president; Moses W.
Field, treasurer; G. B. Stebbins, secretary,
American Industrial League; of S. Gardner,
president River and Lake Shore steamboat
line, and others, to like effect.
Also, the petition of N. Macallister and 27
others, glass manufacturers, praying that the
Committee on Manufactures of the House-of
Representatives be instructed to examine and
report on the statistics of Hon. D. A. Wells,
Special Commissioner of the Revenue, in his
last report, that he may be justified if correct,
, and corrected and exposed if erroneous, in
matters of vital importance to the industries
] and business of the country.
I By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of Daniel
M. Page, first lieutenant thirty-eighth regi-
| ment United? States infantry, asking that he
be repaid the sum of $420 of funds belonging
to the subsistence department and stolen from
him.
By Mr. BENJAMIN: A large number of
petitions of citizens of the eighth district, Mis
souri, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege. ,
By Mr. BENTON: The petition of James
R. Young, for allowance of the value of post-
age-stamps taken by burglars.
By Mr. BOLES: Four petitions of citizens
of Arkansas, asking the abolition of the frank-
in
lyMr. BOYD: A petition of 1,600citiaens
