3924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
B0££Y BEQWN.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and the War of 1812",
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2101) granting a
pension to Dolly Brown; which was read a
first and seeond time.
The question was upon ordering the hill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs' the Secre-
tary of the Interior to plaee on the pension;
roll the name of Dolly Brown, wid,c>w of Dan-
iel Brown, he having served as a private sol-
dier in the war of the Revolution in General
Stark's brigade, in the battle of Bennington,
and to pay her a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month from the passage of this act
during liar natural life.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope thegentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Willajsdj will cogent to report
the general bill at once, so that it may be
passed during this morning hour,
Mr. RANDALL, Let, me als.o suggest that
these special bills stand in the way oj the gen-
eral bill for the relief qf t^q grea,l mass of pen-
sioners.
Mr. WILLARD. I have liut. two or three
bills of this character, wlpch I (jps.ke to get
out of the way first. I call the pvevioas ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill, a,9 amended, 'W ordered
to be engrossed ariid read a third, time; aud
being engrossed., it waa aeacwdingly read the
third ti<n£, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider t'nevoto
by which the bill was passed ; $,nd also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jacob gates.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and the War of 1812,
repeated a bill (H. R. No.. 3102) granting a
pension to Jacob Gates; which was read a feat
and seeqt)d timg.
The bill wag read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to plaoa $n the .pension-roll of
the United States the name of Jacob Gates,
who served in a company commanded by Cap-
tain .Tolm A. Buer, second regiment light dra-
goons, Pennsylvania militia, during the war
of 1812; the pension to be at the rate of eight
dollars per month, from and after the passage
of the act, and to^CQntinue during the natural
life of the pensioner.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REUBEN TIIOMAS AND GEORGE BROWN.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Reuben Thomas
and George Bro,wn; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the interior
to restore to the pension-roll and to their former
rights as pensioners Reuben Thomas, of Jeffer-
son county, Tennessee, and George Brown, of
Johnson county, in the same State, their names
having been stricken from the roll during the
late rebellion. Thomas and Brown are to be
entitled to receive from the passage of the act
pensions at the same rate as those paid them
before their names were stricken from the pen-
sion-roll.
Mr. KELSEY. Let the report be read.
Mr. WILLARD. There is no written report;
but I can state in a moment the circumstances
of the ease. In reference to this bill thecom-
mittee were not entirely agreed. The majority
were in favor of reporting the bill. These two
pensioners of the war of 1812, who reside in
Tennessee, were under the* law of Congress
stricken from the pension-roll-during the
rebellion. ' :
Mr. IiBLSEY. On the* ground that they
favored the rebellion ? .
Mr. WILLARD. In answer to the question
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Kel-
sey] I will say that all pensioners- of the war
of 1812 wlso resided in the States in rebellion
were stricken ftom the rolls without inquiry.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman inform
the House whether there is proof before the
committee tfet these men were loyal to the
Government during the rebellion?
Mr,. WILLARD. I will state tho proof
before the committee. There is ill these cases
a, petition signed by prominent men acquainted
with these persons and residing in the county
where they live, These men were from seventy
io eighty years of age, They both had sons
in the rebel army; and so far as appears, their
sympathies for the time being were somewhat
in that direction. They sympathized with their
sons, I suppose. But these petitioners say that
these men are now heartily Union men; that
they had no sympathy with the rebellion except
the natural sympathy which they had as fathers
for their children. So far as I was individually
concerned as a member of the committee—I
cannot give the reasons which influenced the
other members—I was quite willing even to
restore to the pension-roll every pensioner in
the southern States who was stricken from the
rolls, under the provision of the act of Con-
gress. When we are passing bills of amnesty
in favor of men who fought in the rebel army
against our Hag, when wo are appointing to
prominent official places under our Govern-
ment men who, fighting in the rebel army, did
infinite damage to the Uuion all through the
rebellion, it seems to, me we can at least afford
to put back on the pension-roll, at the pittance
of eight dollars a month, men who in a former
war proved their patriotism and their devo-
tion to the country, and who, during the rebel-
lion, were not hostile to the Republic, but had
simply the natural sympathy of fathers for their
yhiRlren.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 trust the gentleman from
Verm.ont will call the previous'question.
Mr- WILLARD. I would do so but that I
have promised to yield to my colleague on the
committee, the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Smitu. ]
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I ask the Clerk to
read the provisions of an act which I send to the
desk. It is an act approved February 4,18G2,
and entitled "Au act authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to strike from the pension-
rolls the names of such persons as have taken
up arms against tho Government or who may
have in any manner encouraged the rebellion."
The Clerk read as follows:
"That the Secretary of tho Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to strike from the
pension-rolls the names of ail such persons as have
or may hereafter take up arms against tile Govern-
ment of the United States, or who have in any man-
ner encouraged rcbols or manifestodasympathy with
their cause."
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Mr. Speaker, the
position iff these cases is this: under the act
just read at the Clerk's desk all the pensioners
in tho late seceded States were stricken from
the pension-rolls, not in conformity with the
requirements of the act, but assuming that all
had given aid and eomfort to the rebellion or
manifested sympathy with it.
I wish to state to tho House, and 1 trust
members will give rne their attention, that these
cases are just of this character. It is conceded
inthe petitions that these men did sympathize,
to some extent, with the rebellion, and that
they cannot take tho affidavit required by the
Secretary of the Interior to restore them to the
pension-rolls, and the only reason assigned in
these petitions why they should be restored is
that they have voted the Republican ticket
since the war. If this House is prepared to
act on precedents of that kind, to say to these
old soldiers, " We will not pardon you because
of your former service to the country, but we
will pardon you "because of your votes for the
Republican party," if you wish to establish a
precedent of this sort, pass this bill. I have
no doubt the Republican- party needs votes in
the South, and that it is willing to reward men
for voting'their ticket-; but I do not suppose
the House will'be willing to place so monstrous
a precedent upon the statute-book.
I say, sir, that I agree with the magnanimous
remarks of the chairman ofthe committee, and
1 would be willing to restore every one to the
pension-roll who has not been guilty of actual
rebellion. I believe that ought to be done;
but until it is done I-am unwilling to restore
men simply because they have voted a. partisan
political tieket. All the petitions in these cases
sustain the remarks 1 have made.
Mr. WARD. I understand that these pen-
sioners can naw be restored to the pension-rolls
by proving their loyalty to the flag in thelate war.
Mr. WILLARD. Under the law the Secre-
tary of the Interior struck from the rolls the
name of every pensioner residing in the rebel
States, upon presumption of his disloyalty,
without trial, which we consider was a great
hardship; and now before restoring a man to
the rolls who has been condemned without a
hearing they require him to prove his loyalty
affirmatively, which 13 also a great hardship.
I demand the previous question-
The House divided; and there were—ayes
20, noes 53.
Mr. WILLARD, by unanimous consent,with-
drew the bill.
SOLUJBIld ASP SAILORS OF WAR OP 1812.
Mr. WILLARD. Under the arrangement
made yesterday 1 now report back from the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812 a bill (H. R. No. 182p)-granting
pensions to certain soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812, with the recommendation that it
do pass.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that the Secretary of the Interior be authorized
and directed to plaee on the pension-roll the
names of the surviving officers and enlisted and
drafted men, including militia and volunteers,
ofthe military and naval service of the United
States who served, consecutively, three months
in the war with Great Britain of 1812, and were
honorably discharged, and who are in circum-
stances which render them dependent upon
their own labor, or who are dependent upon
others for support, and who at no time during
the late rebellion against the authority of the
United States adhered to the cause of the
enemies of the Government, giving them aid
and comfort, or exercised ihe functions of any
office whatever underany authority or pretended
authority in hostility to the United States, and
who shall take and subscribe an oath to sup-
port the Constitution ofthe United States.
The second section provides that this act
shall not apply to any person who is depend-
ent upon others for support, in pursuance of
any contract for such support based upon a
valuable consideration, nor to any person who
is receiving a pension at the rate of eight dol-
lars or more per month, nor to any person
receiving a pension less than eight dollars per
month, except for the difference between the
pension now received and eight dollars per
month. Pensions under this act shall be at
the rate of eight dollars per month, except as
herein provided when a person is receiving a
pension of less than eight dollars per.month,
and shall be paid to the persons entitled
thereto from and after the time when their
names are placed upon the pension-rolls for
and during the term of their natural lives.
The third section provides that befoie the
name of any person shall be placed on the pen-
sion-roll under this act proof shall be made,
under suehr«le3  nd regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may prescribe, that the appli-
cant is entitled to apension undertheprovisions
