1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2981
one, line six, to strike ont the word "one1'
and insert u five" before the word ' hundred;
so as to read:
That if on any such ship, as Aforesaid, such medi-
cine* medical stores, lime or lemon juice, or other
articles, sugar and vinegar, as aro hereinbefore re-
quired, are not provided and kept on boaru as here-
inbefore required, tho niaster or owner shall incur a
penalty not exceeding $500, Ac.
• The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifty-
three, line eighteen, to strike out'' two months''
and insert "one month;" so that the clause
will read:
Second. For neglecting and refusing, without rea-
sonable cause, to join his ship, or to proceed to sea in
his ship, or for absence without leave at any time
within twenty-four hours of the ship's sailing from
any port, either at the commencement or during tho
prosrcss of any voyatte, or for absence at any time
without leave and without sufficient reason from his
ship, or from his duty, not amounting to desertion,
or not treated as such by the master, he shall be
liable to imprisonment for any period not exceeding
one month, and also, at the discretion of the court,
to forfeit out of his wages a sum not exceeding the
amount of two days' pay. and in addition, for every
twenty-four hours of absence, either a sum not ex-
ceeding six days' pay or any expenses which have
been properly incurred in hiring a substitute.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifty-
three, line forty, to strike out the word5 'twelve''
and insert " six;" so that the clause will read:
Sixth. For assaulting any master or mate he shall
be liable to imprisonment for any period not exceed-
ing six months.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike ont the
fifty-seventh section of the bill, in the follow-
ing words:
Sec. 57. And be it further enacted. That any court
having admiralty jurisdiction in any State or Terri-
tory of the United States may, upon the application
of the owner of any ship being within the jurisdic-
tion of such court, or by the part owner, or consignee,
or by tho agent of the owner, or by any mate, or by
one third or mere of the crew of such ship, and upon
proof on oath to the satisfaction of such court that
the removal of the master of such ship is necessary,
remove him accordingly; and may also, with the
consent of the owner, or his agent, or the consignee '
of the ship, or if there is no owner, or agent of the
owner, or consignee of the ship within the jurisdic-
tionofthecourt, then withoutsuchconsent; andmay
also make such order, and may require such aecur- :
ity in respect of costs in the matter as it thinks fit.
The amendment was agreed to. !
The next amendment was to strike out the
sixty-fourth section of the bill, in the following
words:
Sue. 64. And be it further enacted. That all entrieB
made in any official log-hook, as hereinbefore di-
rected, shall be received in evidence in any pro-
ceeding in any court of justice, subject to all just
exceptions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. There is a mistake in the num-
bering of the preceding section. It is printed
" thirty-six." It should be section " sixty-
three."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) That correction will be
made.
The next amendment was in section sixty-
six, line two, to strike out "five" before
"dollars" and insert "ten;" so that the sec-
tion will read:
Sec. 66. And be it farther enacted. That lid debt,
«xeeeding in amount ten dollars, incurred by any
seaman after he has engaged to serve shall be recov-
erable until the service agreed for is concluded.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seventy-
one, line nineteen, to strike out "ten" and
insert " five;" so that the clause will tead:
Fees payable bythemasteror owner for appren-
ticing boys to the sea service:
For each boy so bound, including the indenture,
five dollars. '
The amendment was agreed to. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That con-
cludes the amendments reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
•mended.
Mr. CAS8ERLY. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the committee, the Senator
from Michigan, whether it is intended by this
bill to have every judge of every district court
in the United States appoint a shipping com-
missioner, or whether it is intended to confine
that right to the judges of those districts in
which there are ports ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Of course it is confined
to those districts where there are ports and
where there are seamen.
Mr. CASSERLY. The first section is sub-
ceptible of either interpretation perhaps.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is intended to apply
only to districts where there are ports, of
course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. " In which there is a
collector of customs."
Mr. CASSERLY. The first clause of the
first section as far as line eight is geueral and
unqualified. It gives the right to every judge
of every district court to appoint a shipping
commissioner.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
California will examine the section he will see
that it is confined to those districts " in which
there is a collector of customs, or which is a
port of entry." There are a great many dis-
tricts that have no ports of entry.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think the bill is suffi-
ciently guarded in that respect.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Illinois gets the point of my question.
My own judgment is that this power of appoint-
ment by district judges should be confined to
those judges in whose districts there is a port.
I But the difficulty about the first section of this
bill is that the first eight lines give, without
qualification or exception, the right to every
judge of a district court of the United States
to&ppoint a shipping commissioner " for every
sea-port in the United States in which there is
a collector of customs or which is a port of
entry ;" and then it goes on to say, in the next
three lines,"eacu district, judge shall appoint a
commissioner or commissioners for the sea-port
or ports within their respective districts."
Those two sentences of that section are in con-
flict with each other, as it seems to me.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the Senator pro-
pose an amendment?
Mr. CASSERLY. I think it ought to be
amended by the chairman of the committee so
that the appointment shall be confined to those
districts having ports.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will accept that as an
amendment if the Senator will tnovfe it. The
committee thought the bill was guarded with
sufficient care in that respect; but if the Sen-
ator thinks not, I am willing to agree to any
amendment that he may suggest.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question will be on concurring in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in. ■
Mr. CASSERLY. It is not very easy to
draw at once an amendment that would accom-
plish the purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask the Senator
from California if it would not accomplish the
purpose which he has in view to make the sec-
tion read in this way:
That each judge of a district court of tho United
States is hereby authorized and empowered to, and
shall appoint, under the seal of his court, a commis-
sioner or commissioners for every sea-port in the
United States in which there is acolleetorof customs
or which is a port of entry.
So that each judge shall appoint irt his dis-
trict a commissioner where there is a port of
entry or a collector of cdstoms in his district.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is undoubtedly the
proper wording of such a law; but the trouble
with the bill as it stands is that that is not the
wording.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose it Were so
changed, would that accomplish the object?
Mr. CASSERLY. It should be changed so
as to confine the power of appointment to such
judges as are judges of districts in w!hich there
is a port of entry with a collector of cnstoms.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will read
a line further I think he will see that the bill
is sufficiently guarded. It reads :
Each district judge shall appoint a commissioner
or commissioners for the sea-port or ports within their
respective districts.
Does not that cover the ground?
Mr. CASSERLY. That clause did not es-
cape my attention. On the contrary, I referred
to it just now, and I stated that in my opinion
that is in direct conflict with the preceding
eight lines.
Mr. CHANDLER. Suppose the words "and
no other" should be inserted after the words
"in their respective districts;" would that
meet the Senator's approval?
Mr, CASSERLY. I will prepare an amend-
ment if there is any further discussion on the
bill, and present it.
Mr. CHANDLER. There will be no dis
cussion I presume.
Mr. BAYARD. I suggest to the Senator
from California and the Senator from Michi-
gan whether inserting in the fifth line, after
the word "courts," the words "within their
respective districts," and striking out from the
word "each" in the eighth line to the word
"districts" in the tenth line, would not meet
the object which the Senator from California
has in view?
Mr. CHANDLER. I think that would cover
the point.
Mr. BAYARD. In that shape I think it
Would meet the view of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will move an amend-
ment, and if the Senator from Michigan will
allow me to state it to him I think he will ac-
cept it, I propose to strike out words from
the first section so as to make it read:
That the judges of the several district courts of the
United States, in whose districts there is a sea-port
for which there is a collector of customs, or which is
a port of entry, shall appoint a shipping commis-
sioner or commissioners for the sea-port or ports
within their respective districts.
It seems to me that would cbver the ground.
Mr, CHANDLER, I will accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator send his amendment to the Chair?
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Clerk will so
amend the bill it Will be satisfactory.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend the
first section so that it shall read :
That the j udges of the several districtcourts of the
United States, in whose districts there is a sea-port.
For which there is a oollector of customs, or which
is a port of entry, shall appoint a shipping commis-
sioner or commissioners for the sea-port or ports
within their respective districts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then you want to strike
out the eighth and ninth lines?
Mr. CASSERLY.- Certainly; I struck out
what should be stricken out in the amendment
as I sent it up to the desk.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Secretary to
read the section down to the eleventh line as
it is now amended.
The Secretary read as follows :
That th e judges of the several district courts of the
United States, in whose districts there is a sea-port,
for which there is a collector of customs, or which
is a port of entry, shall appoint a shipping commis-
sioner qt commissioners for the sea-port or ports
within their respective districts; such commission-
ers to be termed " shipping commissioners."
. Mr. CHANDLER and Mr. TRUMBULL.
That is right.
Mr. CASSERLY. The word "shipping"
where it first occurs should come out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment wiil be so corrected.
Mr. BAYARD. Section four of this bill
provides:
That.every shipping commissioner shall lease, rent,
or procure suitable premises for the transaction of
business, and for the preservation of the books and
other documents connected therewith, &e.
I move to artend the section by inserting in
the second line, after the word " procure," the
words " at his dWn cost."
