1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
41st Gong....2d Sbss.
Judicial Districts in Ohio—Mr. Winans.
Ho. of Reps.
appeal from him to a Secretary who had not
been a month in his seat, and who, I regret to
say, aided by an official letter my colleague
yesterday in his assault upon the Committee
on Appropriations for their effort to reduce
expenditure.
I therefore, sir, examined into all of the
Departments committed to my charge, and the
various other Departments were examined by
the other members of the committee in the
same way.
And now, sir, after this work is done I wish
to bear testimony to the desire for economy
which actuates each one of these Secretaries, and
to their willingness to cooperate in any efforts
that shall result in a reduction of the expend-
iture without injury to the public service. But,
sir, they are in a great measure controlled
by their bureaus; there the abuses exist, some
created by law, some inherited from their pre-
decessors, and others sanctioned by usage, to
be cured by legislation in these Halls. It is in
these bureaus to a great extent that the enor-
mous estimates I have been commenting upon
had their origin.
And now, sir, was it worth while for us with
the knowledge we thus obtained to try to in-
duce the Representatives of the people to insist
upon the strictest economy in the public expend-
itures ? Many of these excessive estimates
were the result of laws enacted here, and here
was the place to consider them. Many of them
were addressed to our discretion, and here
was the place for its exercise. Many of them
are hoary-headed abuses, and here they should
be judged. Why, sir, there are five hundred
officers of the Army to-day who are off duty;
five hundred more than are necessary; merely
supernumeraries. Can any one tell me what
a draft upon the Treasury their salaries are?
Take a major's pay as midway between
them all—I am told by distinguished officers
of the Army that that is a fair average—
and multiply that by five hundred, and you
will find that annually there is paid to the su-
pernumerary officers $1,250,000, and certainly
no one out of the Capitol is responsible for
that. We are responsible here, and I submit
whether we ought not to hold up these expend-
itures before our eyes so that we may see where
we can cut them down.
These are instances of leaks running through-
out the administration of affairs, and we are
responsible unless we put a stop to these wast-
ing leaks and cut off these useless expenditures.
[ submit, Mr. Chairman, that here where I
stood was the place for me to resist extrava-
gance, and that it was eminently proper, if what
I asserted in this discussion were true—and
that it is true I think I have proved—that it
was eminently proper that the Committee on
Appropriations should do what they could to
arouse a sentiment in the House of Repre-
sentatives to unite with any effort that might
be made by any of the Departments, by any of
the executive officers, to cut down these ex-
penditures.
I now claim, Mr. Chairman, that I have made
good the three propositions with which I set
out a long time ago in entering upon these
remarks. I stated that I would show that it
was a fitting occasion for me to make that
speech, that the assertions in that speech were
true, and that it was proper I should make it.
I have so shown ; there I leave it.
And, sir, in general terms I desire to state
that in this work the committee felt, and feel
to-day, that they have no hostility to any other
branch of the Government, and that in no.
regard do they desire to have it supposed
that they were making war upon any other
branch of the Government. But it is with the
earnest desire and the full expectation that
they will have all suitable aid from other
quarters, that they propose to go on, and if
they are sustained in this House to make a
downward instead of an upward tendency next
year in the public expenditures, and if it be
possible a further reduction upon the amount
appropriated last year; so that the country
may rest assured that in so far as in this Con-
gress lies the power to relieve them from the
burdens of taxation it shall be done ; so that the
country shall understand that whatever of
pledges of economy have been given they shall
be redeemed; so that every industry that can be
lightened of its burdens shall have the benefit
of our efforts in its behalf; so that so far as
legislation can accomplish it the public ex-
penditures shall be reduced and the burdens
of taxation diminished.
Judicial Districts in Ohio.
SPEECH OF HON. J. J. WINANS,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
February 1, 1870,
On the bill (II. It. No. 1029) to divide the State of
Ohio into three judicial districts, and for other
purposes.
Mr. WINANS. Mr. Speaker, I offer a bill
to divide the State of Ohio into three judicial
districts, and for other purposes:
AbiIl(H.R.No.l029)todividetheStateof Ohio into
three judicial districts, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the State of Ohio be, and the sarno is
hereby, divided into three judicial districts, as fol-
lows, to wit: the counties of Columbiana, Stark,
Wayne, Ashland, Richland, Crawford, Wyandotte,
Hardin, Allen, and Van Wert, together with all that
part of the State lying north of said counties, shall
compose and be known as the northern district of
Ohio : the counties of Preble, Butler, Warren, Clin-
ton, Fayette, Ross, Hocking, Athens, Morgan, No-
ble, and Monroe, together with all that part of the
State lying south of said last mentioned counties,
shall compose and be known as the southern dis-
trict of Ohio; and all tho residue of said State shall
compose and be known as the middle district of
Ohio; and courts shall be held for said northern
district at Cleveland, for said southorn district at
Cincinnati, and for said middle district at Colum-
bus, in said State.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there shall
bo two terms of the circuit and district courts begun
and held at the city of Columbus, for the middle
district aforesaid, on the first Tuesdays of January
and June in each year; and the said courts are
hereby authorized to hold adjourned terms when the
business before the court shall in the opinion of the
court require it.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all suits,
process, and proceedings, of whatever name or na-
ture, now pending in the circuit or district courts of
tho United States for the northern and the southern
districts of Ohio shall he tried, returned, proceeded
in, and disposed of in the circuit and district courts
of said northern and southern districts respectively,
in all rcspects as if this act had not been passed:
Provided, That upon the application of any party to
any suit now pending which would havo been com-
menced in the middle district if this act had been in
force before the commencement of said suit tho
proper court may, and if all parties consent shall,
order that the same bo removed for further proceed-
ings to the proper court for the middle district; and
thereupon the proper clerk shall transmit all the
papers in the cause, with a transcript of the journal
entries, including the order of removal therein, to
the clerk of the proper court in said middle district;
and all further proceedings shall be had in the court
or courts of the middle district as if the suit had
been originally commenced therein.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted,. That final process
upon any judgment or decree entered in the circuit
or district court of the United States for the northern
orthe southern district, and all other process f6rthe
enforcementof any order of said courts respectively
in any case now pending therein, except causes re-
moved as horeinbofore provided, shall bo issued from
and made returnable to the proper court for said
districts respectively, and may run and be executed
by the marshal of said districts, respectively, as if
this act had not been passed.
Seo. 5. And be it further enacted. That there be
appointed a district judge forthesaid middle district
of Ohio, who shall possess the same powersand do and
perform all such duties in his district as are now
enjoined or in anywise appertaining to the present
district judges forthenorthern andsouthern districts
of Ohio; and said district judge shall be entitled to
the same compensation as by law is provided for the
present district judges ior the said northern and
southern districts respectively.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That there be
appointed one person as district attorney, one person
as clerk of said courts, and one person as marshal for
said .middle district, whose terms of appointment aind
service, as well as duties and emoluments, shall be
the same with those respectively appertaining, to the
said officers in the present districts of Ohio; arid said
clerk and marshal shall givethc samebonds respect-
ively that other clerks and marshals are required to
give, to bo approved and recorded as now directed
by law.
Sec.. 7. ' And be it further enacted, That all suits
hereafter to be brought m either of said courts, not of
a local nature, shall be brought in tho proper court
of the district where the defendant resides; but if
there be more than one defendant, and the defend-
ants reside in different districts, the plaintiff may sue
in either, and send a duplicate writ against tho de-
fendants, directed to tho marshal of the other dis-
tricts, on which an indorsement shall be made that
the writ thus sent is a copy of a writ sued out of the
court of the proper district; and the said writs, when
executed and returned into the office from whence
they issued, shall constitute one suit, and be pro-
ceeded in accordingly.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That a suitable
site be purohased, and a court-house sufficiently capa-
cious a.nd properly arranged to accommodate the
post office, revenue, and other United States offices,
as well as tho courts of the United States and their
officers, erected in thecity of Columbus, Ohio, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury; and
for that purpose there is hereby appropriated, out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sura Of $200,000.
This bill, though in some respects of local
import and operation, is in others of public
and general concern. Its objects are to con-
venience the people of Ohio and to promote
the administration of justice in the courts of
the United States.
When the State of Ohio was divided into two
judicial districts by act of Congress, approved
February 10,1855, (lOStatutes-at-Large, 604,)
more territory, perhaps, was allotted to the
northern than to the southern district; but the
latter then greatly preponderated in popula-
tion, wealth, and business ; and the dispropor-
tion between the districts in these respects has
increased with the lapse of time, until now the
administration of justice in the courts of the
southern district has become so tardy that the
bringing of suits therein is greatly discouraged,
and the ''law's delay" amounts almost to a
denial of justice.
On the basis of the census of 1800, by which
the population of Ohio was ascertained to be
2,342,511, there were 1,265,501 in the south-
ern, and only 1,077,010 in the northern dis-
trict, an excess in the southern district of
188,491.
On the same basis the proposed new or mid-
dle district will take from the northern district
281,309, and from tho southern 493,350, in
detail by counties, as follows:
From the Northern District.
Auglaize    17,187
Logan  20,996
Marion  15,490
Union  16,507
Delaware     23,902
Morrow 20,445
Knox 
Holmes -  20,589
Coshocton 
Tuscarawas jf,4bS
Carroll    15,(38
Harrison   19,110
Jefferson  26,115
Total 281.309
From the Southern District.
Mercer !  14,104
Shelby  17,493
Champaign  22,698
Madison 13,015
Franklin  50,36]
Licking   37,011
Muskingum  44,416
Guernsey  24,474
Belmont  36,398
Perry 19,678
^'airfield  30,538
Pickaway    23,469
Clark  25,300
Green 26,197
Montgomery  52,230
Miami....    29,959
Darke  26,009
Total 493,350
And on the same basis the people will be
