2038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed,
delaware indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior in reference to an
appropriation for fulfilling a treaty with the
Delaware Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire now to move that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the tariff bill. Before doing so I ask
unanimous consent, that the Committee of the
Whole be directed to take a recess from half
past four to half past seven o'clock p. m.
The SPEAKER. Such an order can be made
by a majority vote of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to, upon a division—
ayes 76, noes 39.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before making the motion
that the rules be suspended and the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
special order, I desire to say, in reply to the
inquiries of several gentlemen, that there is no
intention to call for a vote this evening. The
session is to be for debate only.
I desire also to say that as there is a num-
ber of gentlemen who have signified a disposi-
tion to debate the tariff bill, and we cannot
continue the general debate for many dajs,
we wish it understood that there is no obliga-
tion under the hour rule for gentlemen to speak
an hour each ; but speeches of fifteen or twenty
minutes, or thereabouts, will be gratefully
received. [Laughter.]
1 now move that the rules be suspended, and
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. It. No. 1038) to amend ex-
isting laws relating to the duty on imports, and
tor other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. I have agreed to yield to
thegentlemanfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cake,]
who desires to speak this afternoon, inasmuch as
he is obliged soon to be absent from the city. I
therefore yield to him, with the expectation
that I will be able to obtain the floor at some
other time.
Mr. CAKE. Mr. Chairman, a revision of the
revenue laws is now fairly under consideration.
We are deliberating as to whether we shall
reduce our own American workman to the
condition of his brother in the old country, or,
by protecting him in the enjoyment of the pros-
perity to which he lias become somewhat accus-
tomed of late years, wo shall thereby mate-
rially add to the welfare of his foreign brother ;
for, sir, protection to American industry means
protection to the workman throughout the
world, and we shall be held responsible for the
measure of good or ill that we mete out to the
workingclasses by the changes we shall accom-
plish in our existing tariff.
The shifting policy of our Government in
relation to the imposition ofimportdutiesupon
articles of foreign production and manufacture
has hitherto rendered it unsafe for capitalists
to invest largely in the development of our
country. In proof of this 1 may point to the
early pecuniary embarrassments of nearly all
the large manufacturing establishments of the
countiy, and more particularly to the very large
iron establishments of Pennsylvania. Since
the Anglo-Saxdfi first secured a firm foothold
upon American soil our country haj never quite
stood stationary in the race of nations for
wealth and power ; but its grandest strides
were the results of the higher tariffs. Fluctu-
ations in trade followed a rise or modification
of the revenue laws with as great regularity as
the ebb the flood and the flood the ebb of tide.
During the periods of the operation of our
higher tariffs immigration was most active, and
the world poured its greatest wealth, the wealth
of population, into our lap. Had a tariff law
never been invented the Old World would have
retained the great workshops, and the New
would to-day foot up by less than half its aggre-
gate of wealth, and count by less than half its
number-of inhabitants. While a regular policy
of low duties, or no duties, will chill the fur-
naces and put out the fires in the American
rolling-mills, and thus hand the production
of iron over to the foreign capitalist without a
struggle, inadequate protection, operating to
mislead like a will-o'-the-wisp, will induce
enterprising, sanguine men to make a losing
fight, and many repetitions of pecuniary dis-
aster and ruin will follow like results of former
years.
- A review of former revenue laws and the
effect they had upon the trade and prosperity
of the country cannot fail to be interesting at
this time, and if I can have the attention of
gentlemen who may not think it worth while to
follow the statistics in print I can safely prom-
ise an aggregation of most instructive facts.
The valuable statistical information that I am
permitted to reproduce here was prepared for
me by a gentleman who, unlike the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue, has never re-
ceived Government pay for hi3 work, has never
falsified nor distorted the record, has never, in
bis active and useful life of a journalist, run-
ning through a period of over forty years, found
reason to change hisearliest convictions in favor
of protection to American industry. And, sir,
he has made the tour of Europe, (at his own
expense,) and what he witnessed in England,
unlike the effect that it had upon the mind of
our Special Commissioner, served to confirm
and strengthen his convictions of the true policy
of our Government. Mr. Speaker, I refer to
Mr. Benjamin Bannan, the veteran editor of
the Miners' Journal, of Pottsville. His figures
can be relied on, and it cannot be said of him
that he writes in advocacy of a single personal
interest, except his interest in his native coun-
try and her increasing millions of souls.
Mr. Chairman, premising that I follow the
figures of so reliable a statistician very closely,
it is my purpose to condense the history of our
foreign commerce from the year 1821, and trace
the shifting, feverish policy of the Government
from that period up to the present time, noting
its effect upon the industrial and financial con-
dition of the country. The prostrate condition
of the nation after the war of 1812 needs but a
passing glance. The primitive essays at iron-
works and factories during that war sunk under
the general depression that followed, and in
most instances so thoroughly were they crushed
out that they were never revived. To this day
their crumbling walls mark the deserted neigh-
borhoods of their brief existence, monuments
of the neglect of the Government that should
have fostered them into activity, prosperity,
and usefulness.
The protective tariff enacted in 1821 seems
to have been the first experiment, and was
termed in popular phraseology the "American
system." Henry Clay was at that time at once
its great champion and the leader of the De-
mocracy. it lifted the country, as by magic,
from extreme prostration to comparative pros-
perity. The importations and exportations of
the country for four years, from the beginning
of 1821 to the end of 1824, had been as follows":
Imports. Exports.
Gvods. Coin. Goods. (bin,
$28?. 113,017 $24,911,077 $253,144,662 $34,675,778
253,144.662 24,911.077
834,999,285 $9,764,701
Showing an excess of imports over exports
of $34,999,285 in merchandise, and a loss of
§9,704,701 in coin. The countrywasin a sad i
condition. In those comparatively primitive
days men spoke of thousands as they do of
millions now. Our population was but ten
million. The demand for protection was a
vague idea, but it seemed to mean food and
clothing, and resulted in the tariff of 1824.
This bill was ample for protection ; but the
free-traders of that period, with the view of
rendering the protective policy unpopular,
united with the few extremists or prohibition-
ists, and again increased the duties in 1S28.
For many reasons a prohibitory policy could
not be tolerated then as it might be now. The
increased wealth of the country, the giant
strides accomplished in mechanics, arts, and
science have leveled the obstacles that were
then blocking the way to immigration and edu-
cation, and the last barrier has fallen that
stood in the way of complete equality, reveal-
ing the American citizen ready to produce all
the necessaries of life and most of the luxuries,
hurrying forward the time when the English
manufacturer must offer the same wages or
see his workmen depart for., the shores of free
America. To prohibit the importation of an
article from abroad that can now be produced
in the United States does not necessarily very
greatly enhance its price, but does in effect
so multiply the production of it that home
competition soon enables the purchaser to save
money.
But it was not so forty years ago, and the
high tariff of 1828 precipitated the celebrated
compromise bill of 1832, which provided for
the gradual reduction of the duties down to
twenty per cent, on all articles in 1840. These
duties remained protective to some extent up
to 1837, when the great crash occurred, caused
mainly by the reduction of duties, but, per-
haps, to some extent, by the expansion and
contraction resulting from the destruction of
the National Bank. Daring the period of four-
teen years from 1825 to 1838, the imports and
exports of the country in the aggregate were
as follows :
Imports. _ Exports.
Goods. Coin. Goods. Coin.
$1,390,896,637 §137,223,455 $1,240,656,456 876,499,477
1,240,656,456 76,499,477
$150,240,181 $60,723,978
We here find a gain of nearly sixty-one mil-
lion dollars in gold, butthe imports exceed the
exports by over one hundred and fifty million
dollars. This is mainly chargeable to the low
rates of duties ruling in 1836 and 1837, during
which years the importations were excessive.
From 1824 to 1836 the country prospered to an
unexampled degree. The natioual debt was
paid off and a large surplus accumulated in the
national Treasury, which was distributed among
the States. Had not the compromise bill passed
and the National Bank been removed the coun-
try would have attained a much greater degree
of solid prosperity, and none of the subsequent
disasters could have followed.
To such a degree of poverty was the country
reduced when duties had declined to twenty
per cent., that the importations, which had
reached <5176,579,154 in 1836, had declined
to $98,258,706 in 1840. Our people of the
United States had discovered what protection
meant, and the working classes again pretty
generally united in asking for a"protective
tariff. The Democracy was defeated in 1840,
and the popular clamor for protection to Ameri-
can industry resulted in the tariff of 1842, by
far the wisest bill that had been passed, and
the most generally beneficial to the whole,
country in its operation.
In the four comparatively free-trade years,
from the beginning of 1839 to the end of 1842,
our foreign trade footed up as follows:
Imports. .Exports.
Goods. Coin. Goods. Coin.
$473,738,277 $23,533,038 $147,615,071 $32,013,028
447,015,071 23,L)33.0i^'
$26,173,200 $3,487,(J9u
Exhibiting an excess of importations of over
