1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
of 1866 bo extended to the drafted soldiers and
to the volunteers of 1861 and 18G2 who were
discharged as unfit lor service in consequence
of disease contracted in the service.
Also, a petition of 87 citizens of Avon, New
York, in favor of the passage of the civil ser-
vice bill.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Avon and
RyersviHe, New York, to abolish the franking
privilege.
By Mr. KNAPP: A petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, asking that pensions be granted
to the soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812,
and to their surviving widows.
Also, petitions of citizens of the following
towns and villages in the counties of Chenango,
Delaware, and Otsego, New York, all praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege,
namely: Coventry, Greene, Delhi, Downville,
Unadilla, Unadilla Forks, Schenevas, Bur-
lington Flats, and Fly Creek.
By Mr. LYNCH: A petition of citizens of
Hollis, Cumberland county, Maine, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, .petition of citizens of South Casco,
Cumberland county ; of West Bridgton, Cum-
berland county; of Steep Falls, Cumberland
county; of South Acton, York county; ofLeb- j
anon, York county; of North Parsonfield,
York county; of Gray, Cumberland county; i
and of South Bridgton, Maine, for the same. '
Also, the memorial of the heirs of Colonel
Samuel Hammond, an officer of the war of the
Revolution.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of Hugh
L. Creighton and others, of Huron, Iowa, pray-
ing the passage of au act to provide for the
compulsory prepayment of all printed matter
sent through the mails.
Also, the petition of Dr. N. G. Eno, of Keo-
sauqua, Iowa, praying to be paid for services
rendered as assistant surgeon during the rebel-
lion.
_ By Mr. McGREW: Petitions for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege from citizens of
Preston, Tucker, Jefferson, Hardy, Taylor,
Berkeley, Grant, Morgan, Mineral, Monon-
filia, Randolph, and upsnur counties, West
irginia.
_ By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: A peti-
tion of citizens of Hammonton, Salem, Bar-
gaintown, and South Vineland, New Jersey,
for the total abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
Richard Scott and 7 others, citizens of Law-
rence, Washington county, Ohio, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of P. B. Buell and 31
others, citizens of Lowell, Washington county,
Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of J. G. Amos and 22
others, citizens of Hope Ridge, Monroe county,
Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of J. T. Crawford and 22
others, citizens of Log Cabin, Morgan county,
Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of Daniel Martin and 95
others, citizens of Ringgold, Morgan county,
Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of D. N. Allard and 47
others, citizens of Chester Hill, Morgan county,
Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of Hiram Sufly and 40
others, citizens of Bishopsville, Morgan county,
Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of E. R. Harker and 33
others, of Meig's Creek, Morgan county. Ohio,
for the same.
Also, the petition of E. H. Hunt and 23
others, citizens of Federalton, Athens county,
Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of H. J. Hibbard and
lo others, citizens of Hibbardsville, Athens
county, Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of Daniel Tubbs and 28
others, citizens of Alfred, Meig's county, Ohio,
lor the same. •" '
Also, the petition of Levin Mobberly and 03
others, citizens of Mount Carrick, Monroe
county, Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of Philip Dorst and G2
others, citizens of Chester, Ohio, for the same.
By Mr. NEGLEY: A petition of the legal
representatives of Abram Livingston, praying
for the reimbursement of advances made during
the revolutionary war.
By llr. O'NEILL: Petitions of citizens of
Philadelphia engaged in the manufacture of
books, for a specific duty on imported books.
Also, the memorial of Jay Cooke, Thomas
A. Scott, S. M. Felton, J. B. Moorhead, C.
H. Clark, and E. W. Clark, asking the accept-
ance of the St. Mary's Falls ship-canal from
the State of Michigan.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of J. W. Mul-
likin, of Indiana, praying for a pension.
By Mr. PACKARD: Petitions of citizens
of Francisville, Medaryville, Pulaski, and Mon-
terey, Pulaski county, Indiana, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. PHELPS: A petition of 39 citi-
zens of Butler county, Pennsylvauia, to abol-
ish the franking privilege.
Also, a similar petition from 21 citizens of
Armstrong county, Pennsylvania.
Also, a similar petition from 35 citizens of
Armstrong connty, Pennsylvania.
Also, seven similar petitions together, signed
by 251 citizens of Alleghany county, Pennsyl-
vania.
Also, three similar petitions from citizens
of Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, together
signed by 159 persons.
Also, four similar petitions from citizens of
Butler county, Pennsylvania, together signed
by 141 persons.
By Mr. POLAND: Petitions of C. B. Mann
and others, of Braintree and West Brookfield,
Vermont; Daniel B. Hall and others, of West
Danville, Vermont; J. K. Spalding and others,
of WestBridgewater,Vermont; Robert Walker
and others, of Pownal, Vermont; Charles S.
Clark and others, of Jamaica, Vermont; F.
N. Bixby and others, of West Topsham, Ver-
mont ; William S. Brock and others, of South
Newbury, Vermont, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. POMEROY: The.petition of R. S.
Flowers and others, of Addison, Iowa, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of F. L. Day and others,
of Cast an a, Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of T. E. Anderson and
others, of Woodbury county, Iowa, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of Peter Case and others,
of Fredericksburg, Iowa, for the same pur-
pose.
Al8o,the petition of C. E.Whitney and others,
of Iowa, for the same purpose.
Alao, the petition of Simon Baker and others,
of Armstrong Grove, Iowa, for the same pur-
pose.
Also, the petition of H. A. Agnes and others,
of St. Clair, Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of John M. Bacon and
others, of Twin Lakes, Iowa, for the same pur-
pose.
_ By Mr. PROSSER: A petition of certain
citizens of Tennessee, asking that the franking
privilege be abolished.
By Mr. RANDALL: Petitions for specific
duties on imported books.
Also, a petition of sundry citizens of Iowa
county, Wisconsin, asking that no reduotion be
made in the duty on imported lead.
By Mr. READING: A petition of printers
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for a specific
duty on foreign books.
Also, a petition of 43 citizens of Richland-
town, Bucks county, Pennsylvania, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 40 citizens of Bucking-
ham, Bucks county, Pennsylvania, for the same
purpose.
By Mr. REEVES : The petition of Timothy
M. Grilling, Sidney S. Overton, postmaster; J.
B. Terry, and 82 others, citizens of Patchogue
Suffolk county, New York, for the abolition of
the frauking privilege.
Also, the petition of Seth R. Clock, Perry
S. Wicks, Stephen P. Cotiklin, and 41 other/
citizens of Bay Shore, Suffolk county, New
York, for the abolition of the franking prjv.
ilege.
Also, the petition of John B. Post, Thomas
W. Jones, John Fleet, and 71 others, citizens
of Seaford, Queens county, New York, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Robert G. Waters, M.
A. Croley, limothy O'Brien, and 27 others"
citizens of Tompkinsville, Richmond county'
New York, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. RIDGWAY: The petition of George
I. Thomas and others, of Northampton county
Virginia, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of B. W. Southard and
others, of Dawson's Mills, Virginia, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of James E. Horner and
others, of Amherst county, Virginia, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of Coulterville, California, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Clarksville,
California, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Graff
Byers & Co. and 11 others, manufacturers
and merchants, praying Congress for specific
instead of ad valorem duty on cotton-ties.
Also, a petition of 55 citizens of Seven Mile,
Ohio, praying Congress to abolish the frauking
privilege.
Also, a petition of 42 citizens of Alexanders-
ville, Ohio, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of 25 citizens of South
Arlington, Ohio, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of 40 citizens of College
Corner, Ohio, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of 41 citizens of Princeton,
Ohio, for the same purpose.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petition of Grover
C. Trowler, of Millgrove, Blackford county,
Indiana, asking the repeal of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Thomas Edmundsoq
and 97 others, citizens of Balbeck, Jay county,
Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Eh Tharp, postmaster,
and 36 others, citizens of New Pittsburg, Ran-
dolph county, Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of M. Boaman, postmaster,
and 30 others, citizens of Aboite, Allen county,
Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of W. S. Brundage and
72 others, citizens of Yorktown, Delaware
county, Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Vinul Arnut and 43
others, citizens of New Corydon, Jay county,
Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of William Patterson and
26 others, citizens of Swank post office, Indi-
ana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Mary Paschall and 94
others, citizens of Trenton, Randolph county,
Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of John R. Millikin and
19 others, citizens of Ashland, Indiana, for
the, same purpose.
Also, the petition of G. H. Montgomery and
87 others, citizens of West Chester, Indiana,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of W. B. Miller, postmas-
ter, and 62_ others, citizens of Ossian, Wells
county, Indiana, for the. same purpose.
Also, the petition of Jacob W. Bartmass ami
28 others, citizens of Barber's Mills, Wells
county, Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Milton W. Thompson
and 31 others, citizens of New Haven, Allen
county, Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. W. Baird, post-
