2982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me 
Mr. BAYARD. I will explain to the honor-
able Senator my reason for this amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no compensa-
tion allowed except the fees received from
sailors and shippers.
Mr. BAYARD. But I prefer that these
words should be inserted. It seems to me that
the section without the addition of these words
would leave it to the shipping commissioners,
under the mandatory language of this act, to
rent just what places they please, and the ex-
pense would be infinite to the Government.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will read
the bill through lie will see that the commis-
sioner is to pay it from his fees. There is no
cost to the Government in any event,
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senator's interpreta-
tion be true there can be no objection to affirm-
ing the proposition more strongly in the words
I propose.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the bill
by inserting the words I have mentioned, in
line two, section four, after the word "pro-
cure," the words "at his own cost;" so as to
read:
That every shipping commissionershall lease, rent,
or procure, at his own cost, suitable premises for the
transaction of business, <fcc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a verbal amend-
ment necessary in order to put section seventy-
one in the ordinary shape of such legislation:
That all acts or parts of acts contrary to or con-
flicting with tho provisions of this act are hereby
repealed.
The customary phrase is:
"All acts or parts of acts inconsistent with the
provisions of this act are hereby repealed."
■ Mr. CHANDLER. Let that change be
made.
Mr. BAYARD. Strike out the words "con-
trary to or conflicting" and insert the word
"inconsistent."
Mr. COLE. There is no necessity for the
section at all.
Mr. BAYARD. We all know that there is
a repeal of acts worked simply by passing an
act contrary in its effect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This cor-
rection will be made by general consent if
there be no objection. The Chair hears none.
The bill was passed.
customs collector at wilmington.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to call up Senate
joint resolution No. 133, that was passed over
yesterday, having been objected to by the
Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
nnanimons consent.
Mr. ABBOTT. 1 suppose there will be no
objection.
Mr. POMEROY. What bill is it ?
Mr. ABBOTT. It is Senate joint resolution
No. 133.
Mr. CORBETT. It is in regard to the
salary of a collector in North Carolina.
Mr. ABBOTT. I will explain, if necessary,
so that the Senate will understand what it is.
The former compensation of the collector at
•Wilmington was simply derived from commis-
sions, two and a half percent, on certain items.
That was by an act passed in 1804. Afterward
Congress gave him a salary, and intended also
to jgive him the commissions up as high as
$2,500; but instead ofthe act reading "commis-
sions "it read " fees," so that he gets but about
fourteen hundred dollars a year, which is not
enough. This resolution, which I introduced,
pro vides that the act of the 27th of March, 1867,
entitled "An act relative to the compensation
ef certain officers of the customs," shall not be
construed as repealing the act of 1804. There
was evidently a mistake in the act of 1867.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think I must object. I
have no objection to any law that will declare
expressly what tthe salary of this officer shall
be; I will vote to give him a reasonable com- '
pensation for his services in view of what others
receive for like services ; but to provide by this
indirection that a certain act shall not be con-
strued to repeal a certain other act is legislat-
ing, to a great extent, in the dark. It may
affect others besides this officer.
Mr. ABBOTT. If the Senator will listen a
moment 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Oregon to object
to the consideration ofthe bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will not object to its
consideration.
Mr. ABBOTT. The law of 1867 reads as
follows:
"And the collector of each of said districts shall
reside at the port of entry thereof, and shall be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with tho advice and
consent ofthe Senate, and receivo a salary at the rate
of $1,000 per annum in addition to the fees of office:
Provided, That such compensation shall in no case
exceed the sum of $2,500 per annum in the aggre-
gate."
He has the fees now, but they and the salary
only amount to about fourteen hundred dollars.
In this act of 1867 the word "commissions"
was left out. It should have said "fees and
commissions." Undoubtedly it was a mistake.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
chairman of the Committee on Finance gave
some attention to this subject yesterday, and
as he is not in his seat I suggest to the Senator
from North Carolina to postpone this matter I
until some time when the Senator from Ohio '
shall be present.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us proceed with the
Calendar.
Mr. CORBETT. I understood that it was
passed over that the Senator from North Caro-
lina might be in his seat when it was consid-
ered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know of
no objection to it; but I noticed that the Sen-
ator from Ohio took some interest in it yester-
day, and he is not present.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not object to it
when the Senator from Ohio is in his seat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
washington market company.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I appeal to
the Senate to take up a bill that will not be
reached to-day, merely to concur in some
amendments proposed by the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds. It is the bill
incorporating the Washington Market-house
Company. I think every Senator will be in
favor of the passage of that bill.
Mr. POMEROY. We can reach it to-mor-
row.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not know
that. It will take but a few moments to con-
sider it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that bill had better
be put on its passage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is import-
ant to get at the work early in the season.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1084) to incorporate the Washington Mar-
ket Company.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have two or three import-
ant bills that I should like to have considered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will not press
it now if a single Senator objects; but it is
really important that the men here in the city
should have an opportunity to get to work
upon this business and to clear out the street
from at least seventy-two smells and four or
five distinct stinks. [Laughter.!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
any objection to the consideration of the bill
asked for by the Senator from Vermont? The
Chair hears no objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 1084)
to incorporate the Washington Market Com-
pany.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Isuggestthat
only the amendments be rfad.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a House bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is a House
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments will be read.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section two, line
forty-seven, after the word "thereof," to strike
out the words—
For the term for which tho salohas beon made and
the rents are promptly paid; and the rents shall only
bo raised by consent of the mayor and the common
council.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
So long as ho chooses to occupy the same for his
own business and pay the rent therefor; and tho
rent shall only be raised on application to the mayor
and common council, who, after hearing the parties,
may change and determine the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line sixty-one, to strike out the word " police "
before "regulations;" in line sixty-two, after
the words "thereof as," to insert "in their
judgment," and in line sixty-three to strike
out the word "interest" before "conven-
ience ;" so as to make the clause read :
And the municipal government of said city shall
at all times havo power to make and enforce such
regulations with regard to said market and the man-
agement thereof as in their judgment the conven-
ience, health, and safety of the community may
require.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line five, to strike out the word3 "office of
said company" and insert "National Hotel,"
and in line six, before the word " Monday,"
insert "second;" so as to make the clause
read:
The stock may be subscribed for upon the books
of the company, which shall be open at the National
Hotel, in the city of Washington, on the second Mon-
day following the final passage of this act, at twelve
o'clock, noon.
The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
; correct the phraseology of the next amend-
: ment; in line nineteen to strike out the word
: " first;" in line twenty-one to insert the word
; "and" after "practicable," and strike out the
| word " second and after the word " deduc-
! tions" to insert the words "necessary in con-
j sequence of any excess of subscriptions," so
as to make it one entire paragraph without a
period.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment of
the committee, as modified, is after the word
"same," in line fourteen, to insert:
By the said corporators. After the books, as afore-
said, shall have been kept open for the space of two
days, if a larger amount than the capital stock of
said company shall have been subscribed the books
shall be closed, and the said corporators shall forth-
with apportion said capital stock among the sub-
scribers in such manner that citizens of the city of
Washington shall have the fall amount individually
subscribed for, so far as maybe practicable, and that
any deductions necessary in consequenceof any excess
of subscriptions shall be made from subscriptions of
the largest amount, so that no bona fide subscription
shall be diminished while any larger subscription
shall be maintained.
Thg amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in line twenty-five of the same section, after tho
word "subscribed," to insert "and appor-
tioned."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of section twelve the following:
Provided, That if the corporation of the city of
Washington shall, after a period of thirty years troai
the approval of this act, by a vote of the councils
thereof, express a desire to possess itself of the saitt
market buildings and grounds. Congress may author-
ize the corporate authorities to take possession ot tne
same upon payment to the said market-house com-
pany of a sum of money equal to a fair and just valu-
ation of the buildings and improvements then stand-
