4870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
this building have not yet been flagged ; there
is nothing to prevent their washing away every
lain that comes. This money is wanted for
that purpose in part.
I think the estimates for repairs of the Capi-
tol building and for completing these necessary
improvements around it are as economical as
lliny can be made.' I believe the architect in
charge of this work is one of the most careful
and economical men in the service ot'the Gov-
ernment., and if he would take a little more
pains to show members of the House what is
really necessary to preserve this building and
take care of it there would be less opposition
to his estimates when they come before the
Committee of the Whole. I hope the motion
of the gentleman from Missouri, to strike out
th>8_ appropriation, will not prevail.
Mr. BUi'LER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following amendment, to come in at the
end of the paragraph:
Provided, That the first expenditure of this appro-
priation snail be devoted to grading and putting in
Old' r the plateau ot'the oust front of the Capitol and
making proper approaches thereto.
Everybody that has seen the east front of
this Capitol knows the condition in which this
plateau is and sees the necessity that it should
he first put in onler. It is now a mud-hole.
The approaches are such I hat nobody can reach
the building with any comfort or convenience
who does not come in the horse-cars, and then
it is very uncomfortable getting from the cars
to the Capitol.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Would not this very
item that follows be enough to provide for
that ?
Mr. PETERS. Lin's six hundred and three
ami six hundred and four of the printed bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I know;
but I want that to bo the first thing done. We
have made appropriations for it for three or
four years ; and now I want a proviso put on
that the first expenditure shall be for that.
Mr. PETERS. Look at lines six hundred
and three and six hundred and four.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
done that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Those lines are for the
very purpose the gentleman states he has in
view.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What I
desire is this, and I pray my friend from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bi:n.tamjx] to notice: to provide
that this, which is an eye-sore to the whole
nation, shall be first attended to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The better way would
be to strikeout these lines, and then, if neces-
sarv. increase the next item for that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know whether this first item is necessary or
not. However, if gentlemen think my amend-
ment would come in better somewhere else, I
will withdraw it at this lime.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Benjamin", to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to amend the text
of the paragraph, before the vote is taken
upon the motion to strike out, by striking out
'•§100,000" and inserting in lieu thereof
" $200,000." I do this for the purpose of
asking that the communication which I send
to the Clerk's desk maybe read; it will ex-
plain itself.
The Clerk read as follows :
Ti:r.A">uiiY Dkpaki mt:x r,
Office oi' SupKuvrsn.'G A item tkct,
Jane -7, j - 70.
Slit: In the debateof Saturday last, in your Uo use,
on the appi epilations for public buildings, I notice
that statements were made that a lot of iron beams
and columns for the New York post otiice that were
not suitable for tile purpose lor v.-bidi they were ;
I i,ended, and that a large number oi' iron columns !
wre delivered of improper length. i
Pie.isu do wc the justice to state on the floor tbat ,
no irea girders or beams have been oideieu, made, !
i (<■' ive.l, or delivered, and that the only iron columns i
made or receiveu, namely: tl,u!y-two in number, j
v.eie of Jen^iU required by the plans, admirably ,
made, and iu eveiy way satis,aetoiy. i imre maae i
i,o clmr^L'S from nrj oncana] plans except when the r
co- f of the buiidinj? eoaid be reduced tiiereb!' ayd hi j
de^'.reace to tuwishes oi j our committee that iiie '
cost of the building should hu reduced to the lowest
point.
Voiy respectfully, A. B. MULLET,
Supervising Architect.
Hon. If. C. Bkaman, ffouseof lleprezetitatives.
Mr. BEAMAN. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Benjamin, to strike out the paragraph;
and being taken, upon a division there were—
ayes 30, noes 49 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beaman and
Mr. Bdxjamix were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 49, noes 07.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to amend
the pending paragraph by striking out " $100,-
000 " and inserting " $50,000."
Sir. BENJAMiN. I move to amend the
amendment of my colleague [Mr. Fixjiiii.x-
buro] so as also to strike out the words '• fin-
ishing and" and the words "for curbing and
flagging upper terraces;" so that the para-
graph, as amended, will read " for repairing
the woilc on the Capitol extension, $50,000."
Mr. FiNKELNBURG. I suggest that the
question had belter be first taken on my amend-
ment, to fix the amount to be appropriated for
this purpose.
Mr. DAWES. 1 think the House of Rep-
resentatives have deliberately considered this
question of enlarging the Capitol grounds and
making further expenditures upon them. And
after the House, by a very large vote, have
deceided that they will not expend large sums
in enlarging the Capitol grounds, 1 do not, think
the gemieinen representing the western inter-
est in this matter are actuated by the same
spirit which actuated (he House when they
made their decision. That decision was made
upon the ground that this was not a suitable
or a proper time to make these large expendi-
tures.
No one certainly objects to putting this
Capitol building in proper repair and m decent
condition, not involving any large or perma-
nent expenditures. And I do think that the
gentlemen lrom Missouri [Mr. Fixkelxbcug
and Mr. Bexjajiix] on the one side and on the
other should not object to the small amount
asked here in order to put the building in a
proper condition upon the plan which now
exists, so long as the friends of the Capitol
retention do not propose to enlarge the grounds
or enter upon any permanent expenditures.
The friends of the Capitol extension do not
propose to add to these large expenditures.
Then let gentlemen refiain from this attempt
to keep the building and the grounds about it
in an unfit state. All that is desired or recom-
mended by this appropriation is to finish it up
in its present condition, to complete the walks,
the terraces and the approaches to the build-
ing, and to make the necessary repairs around
the building. That is all this appropriation is
asked for; not a dollar toward any enlarge-
ment of the grounds, or any permanent appro-
priation that ought to provoke the jealousy or
local prejudices of gentlemen here.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In moving to strike out
this paragraph I did not do it with any view
at all to the question of the retention of the
Capitol at this city. I did not make the motion
upon that principle. I am entirely willing that
this Capitol shall be kept in repair. I think
it ought to be, so long as the capital of the
nation is located here. If I had had any view
with reference to the lemoval of the capital I
certainly should have taken another course in
bringing the matter to the notice of the com-
mittee than by moving merely to strike out
an appropriation for keeping this building in
repair. Neither have I any jealousy, as the gen-
tieinanttould seem to intimate, toward the sec-
tion oi country in which this capital is located
or !:ie section of country that desires to con-
tinue it hetfi. That matter does not enter into
my calculation at a,"i Bar I do think that this
is an extravagant appropriation—an amount
entirely unnecessary in connection with these
other items for the purpose of keeping this
Capitol in repair.
Now, the gentleman well knows, as we all
know, that these wings ore just completed.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey]
says that we want to prevent the Capitol from
being washed away by storms. My understand-
ing is that everything connected with the wails
of this Capitol is of marble; and if so, I ap-
prehend that during the next twelve months
the storms will beat against it in vain, and
there will be no sensible diminution of any
portion of it which is exposed to the weather,
even if we do not make this appropriation-.
Now, this item is not for repairs of the Capi-
tol. I am willing togrant an amount sufficient
for necessary repairs. But I have moved to
strike out the words "finishing" and " curbing
and flagging upper terraces and I hope the
appropriation will be reduced as suggested by
my colleague [Mr. Fixkelkbcrg] to $50,000,
which I apprehend is ample for the purpose, as
much as we are called upon by any exigencies
which may arise, to appropriate for this object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am opposed to the prop
osition of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Bknjajhx] for the very reason that the appro-
priation is now couched in properterms. This
appropriation is for finishing work that is yet
incomplete; it is not for repairing alone. As
long as the counsels of the gentleman and
others of similar views prevail I am afraid we
shall have to continue from year to year these
appropriations for "finishing." If we make
little niggardly appropriations, for instance, for
completing in part a terrace at the end of one
wing of this Capitol, and then leave it iu an
incomplete condition, to be worn down by the
next rains that come, womust, of course, make
another appropriation the next year, and so oti
again aud again. It is because we do not give
a sufficient sum at once to finish as well as to
keep in repair that we are called upon to
appropriate in this way again and again for
the same object.
So far as this whole matter is concerned I
feel a pride in the capital of my nation. I feel
a pride in almost everything in this building,
except this miserable arrangement in which
we legislate, a gaudy box, stuck inside another
gaudy box, without access of outer air at all.
But so far as the exterior is concerned I am
proud of this building ; and with that exterior
I would connect all its proper surroundings,
including these terraces, including the neces-
sary paving, including the complete finishing,
so that on approaching the building one may
see that it is not only completed as a building,
but completed in its setting. 1 would go a lit-
tle further. I regret very much not to have
been here to record my vote against that van-
dal act by which the House of Representatives
refused to take iu these adjoining grounds and
carry out this whole work as it was originally
intended.
As to all this talk about removing the capi-
tal I must say, with due respect to the opinion
of gentlemen who widely differ with me, that
1 never regarded it as anything but bosh. We
have reached that stage in the history of our
country when it matters very little where the
capital is. The railroads have to a consider-
able extent obliterated distance, and the tele-
graphs have obliterated time. Therefore our
capital may as well be at one point as another,
for all practical purposes. \Vhen 1 first came
to Congress, moie than twenty yeais ago. it
took me just six days to travel from my hooie
in southwestern OIpo to Washington. 1 he
people of San Francisco can now come here >ti
that time. They are now as near to Washing-
ton as I was then, and a little nearer if you
take^ into account their superior facilities for
coming and the comfort- with which they can
travel. What future improvements may be
made in the transportation of persons as well
as ol property from one part of the cotli.ti-y
