1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
master, and 41 others, citisens of Leo, Allen
county, Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of David McWhorter and
36 others, citizens of Cowing post office, Indi-
ana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of W. H. Stewart and 34
others, citizens of Jay county, Indiana, for the
eame purpose.
By Mr. SMITH, of Ohio: Petitions of
citizens of Russelville, Ripley, Maple Post
Office, and Mount Holly, in Brown county,
Ohio, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, petitions of citizens of New Richmond,
Laurel, and Milford, in Clermont county, Ohio,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, petitions of citizens of Jasper Mills,
Jeffersouville, and Staunton, in Fayette county,
Ohio, for the abolitiou of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, petitions of citizens of Martinsville,
New Corwine, and Oakland, in Clinton connty,
Ohio, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, petitions of citizens of Lynchburg,
Greenfield, and Bainsborongh, in Highland
county, Ohio, for the abolition of the frank-
ly Mr. SPINK: The petition of J. T. Gore
and BO others, citizens of Union county, Da-
iota Territory, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Walter £. Bonny and
others, citizens of Dakota, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: A petition of
citizens of Greeneville, Connecticut, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Uncasville,
Connecticut, for the same purpose.
By Mr. STRONG: Petitions of Leonard
Bnckland and others, Edwin Brewer and
others, M. S. Dyer and others, and George W.
Hodge and others, all praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SWEENEY: A petition of citizens
of Hancock county, Kentucky, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. TYNER: Petitions of857 citizens of
different localities in the eighth congressional
district of Indiana, asking for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. VAN AUKEN: A petition of
citizens of Blooming Grove township, Pike
county, Pennsylvania, for abolishing the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Butztown,
Northampton county, Pennsylvania, for abol-
ishing the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Northampton
county, Pennsylvania, for abolishing the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Northampton
county, Pennsylvania, for abolishing the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of J. C.
Curran and 133 others, citizens of Somerset,
Ohio, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of E. Pairin and 27 others,
citizens of Lockville, Fairfield county, Ohio,
on the same subject.
Also, the petition of A. J. Burch and 42
others, citizens of South Bloomingville, Hock-
ing county, Ohio, on the Bame subject.
Also, the petition of William Martin and 45
others, citizens of Beckett's Store, Pickaway
connty, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of Abisha Ruckman and 83
others, citizens of Gibson, Pike county, Ohio,
on the same subject.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: A memorial-vfor the
relief of Lewis Deems, drafted and detailed in
the service of the United States after having
tarnished a substitute.
Also, a memorial of property-holders on M
wreet, Washington, District of Columbia, pray-
ing permission to pave the same by levying a
tax on property-holders.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
John Hamilton, a soldier of the war of 1812,
praying for a special act granting him a pen-
sion.
Also, the testimony and other papers in the
case of Charles Trickier, who applies to have
commutation refunded.
By Mr. WINANS: The petition of J. H.
Haire, postmaster, and 39 others, citizens of
Lockbourne, Franklin county, Ohio, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: A petition from ;
the citizens of Westport, Oldham county, Ken-
tucky, for the abolition of the franking privi- ;
1b£T6  '
By Mr. WITCHER: The petition of H. C. j
Brown, postmaster, and 60 others, citizens of
Cologne, Mason county, West Virginia, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Scott Ellis, postmaster,
and 40 others, citizens of Hurricane Bridge,
West Virginia, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of T. E. A. Reener, post-
master, and 75 others, citizens of Buffalo town-
ship, Putnam county, West Virginia, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of John B. Johnson and
40 others, citizens of Minersville, West Vir-
ginia, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Harrison Mollohan and
45 others, citizens of Braxton county, West
Virginia, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of James Scott, post-
master, and 25 others, citizens of Table Rock,
West Virginia, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Hugh M. Donelly, post-
master, and 45 others, citizens of Rock Castle,
West Virginia, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of H. R. Howard and 50
others, citizens of Point Pleasant, West Vir-
ginia, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Daniel Ketterman and
13 others, citizens of Hardy and Grant coun-
ties, West Virginia, praying the abolition of
the finAking privilege.
Also, the petition of Ephraim Griffith and
10 others, citizens of Lincoln county, West
Virginia, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Elijah Baker, post-
master, and 47 others, citizens of Jackson
county, West Virginia, praying the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of G. N. Harrison and 20
others, citizens of Mason county, West Vir-
ginia, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of G. W. Pullen and 20
others, eitizens of Mason county, West Vir-
ginia, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of George C. Wilding
and 100 others, citizens of New Haven, West
Virginia, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of J. E. McCoy and 36
others, citizens of Hartford city, West Vir-
?;inia, for the abolition of the franking privi-
ege.
Also, the petition of William H. Hagan and
35 others, citizens of Guyandotte, West Vir-
ginia, for the abolition of the franking privi-
}ggga
By Mr. WOODWARD: A petition of citi-
zens of Lehman, Luzerne county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Great Bend
village, Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania,
for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Conyngham,
Luzerne county and vicinity, Pennsylvania, for
the same.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 8, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. Macaulay, of George-
town, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 146) for the
return of evidence of honorable discharge to
officers was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting a communication from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs in relation to
a deficiency in the appropriation for the pay
of interpreters for the current fiscal year, and
recommending an appropriation to meet the
deficiency; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, inviting the atten-
tion of Congress to the communication of the
Secretary of the Interior, dated the 28th day
of January, 1869, transmitting the report of
the commissioners appointed to examine the
claims of the Pottawatomie Indians; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of Iowa, ratify-
ing the proposed fifteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
presefits a resolution of the Legislature of
Alabama, in favor of the establishment of a
postal telegraph system. The Chair thinks
that has been reported upon.
Mr. RAMSEY. A bill on that subject has
been reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be printed, and laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of J. S.
Golladay and John W. Bowling, praying to be
remunerated for fifty barrels of whisky libeled
and sold under the act of July 13,1861, by the
United States district court for the district of
Kentucky; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. OSBORN presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Florida, praying that the
proper steps be taken to patent the swamp
lands surveyed beforejthe war, an d for which the
proper application was then filed in the United
States land office of the State; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ABBOTT presented thepetition of John
Mann, of Petersburg, Virginia, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of North Carolina, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. VICKERS presented four petitions of
citizens of Maryland, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Eliza
Bendy, of Baltimore, Maryland, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMILTON presented three petitions
of citizens of Maryland, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SAWYER. I present a petition pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
It is one of the usual series presented here,
but it has the additional virtue of all the names
being in one handwriting. I move that it be
lftid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
