1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2983
in*o  said grounds;  od the mode «d manner of
ascertaining such valuation shall be determined by
Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four-
teen, line five, to strike out "sixteen" before
'•thousand," and to insert "twenty-five;" so
as to read:
That in consideration of the privileges granted by
this act to the Washington Market Company, the
said company shall pay, yearly, every year during
the said term of ninety-nine years, uuto the city of
Washington the sum of $J5,000.
The amendmeut was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four-
teen,line eight, to insert after the words "said
city for the the words "establishment and
maintenance of schools and the;" so as to
read:
Which sum shall bo received by said city, and set
apart and expended by and under the direction of
the city government of saidcity for the establishment
and maintenance of schools and tho support and
relief of the poor of said city and of the District of
Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven-
teen. to strike out the proviso, in the following
words :
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to prevent the erection of market-houses in
the eity of Washington or city of Georgetown, when
erected by private or individual subscription.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
BILLS OBJECTED TO.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
will resume the consideration of bills on the
Calendar in their order. The next ireorder
will bo
The next bill was the bill (S. No. 491) relat-
ing to the supreme court of the District of
Columbia.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish further time to look
into that bill. I object to its consideration
now.'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
objected to, and goes over. j
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 368) making it a misdemeanor to fit
out or equip ships of war, or to sell or furnish
arms or munitions of war, with intent that
they shall be employed in the service of any
foreign prince or State to commit hostilities
against the people of any province, district, or
colony who are in a state of armed insurrec-
tion against such foreign prince or State, and
providing for the forfeiture of such ship or
V68S6L
Mr. MORTON. I should be glad to have
that bill pnt on its passage if there be no ob-
jection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the bill will be read
at length.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOWE. I believe my colleague wishes
to debate that bill when it comes up for con-
sideration.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it is too much of
a bill to be passed without discussion, at any
rate. It involves important principles.
Mr. HOWE. I wish that it may lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie
over.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, the Senator's col-
league can discuss some other proposition.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I am obliged for the sugges-
tion. That did not occur to me. [Laughter. 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will j
be passed over.
GEORGE E. GRISHAM.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 268) for the relief of Captain
George E, Grisham, of Tennessee; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Claims reported tho bill
with an amendment, to strike out all after the
enacting clause and in lieu of the matter
stricken out to insert " that the Paymaster
General be, and he is hereby, required to pay
George E. Grisham, late captain of company
I, of the eighth Tennessee volunteer cavalry,
the sum due as captain of cavalry, for the
period of six months' services as such imme-
diately preceding the 21st day of April, 1864."
Mr. WARNER. I move to amend by add-
ing at the proper place the words " and allow-
ances," so as to cover pay and allowances.
Mr. PRATT. I reported that bill, and I
accept the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like a word of
explanation of the bill.
Mr. PRATT. The report is there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let the report
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Pratt, from the Committee
on Claims, on the 9th ultimo :
TheCommittee on Claims, to whom was referred tho
bill (H. R. No. 268) for the relief of Captain George
E. Grisham, of Tennessee, having hadthe same, with
the accompanying evidence, uuder consideration,
report:
That it appears from the evidence on filo, that on
the 5th day of September, 1863, Captain Grisham
commenced recruiting a company of cavalry for tho
tenth Tennessee cavalry, under verbal orders from
Colonel S. K. N. Patton,in the town of Jonesborough;
that soon atterward the Union forces, then holding
that place, being compelled to fall back to Green-
ville, he ordered his recruits to rendezvous there,
where the regiment was organized and received arms,
but was not mustered. From that place the regi-
ment was ordered to fall back to Mossy Creek, where
the regiment was mustered by Lieutenant Pettit, of
the United States Army. Owing to many of the new
recruits falling sick, Captain Grisham's company fell
short of the number necessary to entitle him to be
mustered, as its captain, though he had on his roll at
that timo as high as one hundred and twenty-six
men. Under orders received the regiment then fell
back across the mountains to Cami> N elson,Kentucky.
This march, conducted in the winter, over a rough
and mountainous country, was attended by great
hardships and sufferings.
At that post General A. C. Gillem, adjutant gen-
eral of the State of Tennessee, assumed command
of the Tennessee troops. Several companies of this
regiment, lacking therequisite number of men neces-
sary to the mustering in of officers. Captain Grisham
and several other officers proceeded, under the orders
of General Gillem, to East Tennessee to recruitmore
men for the regiment. On the 20th of March. 1864,
the order for recruiting having expired. Captain
Grisham rejoined his regiment, which had been re-
moved in the mean time from Camp Kelson to Nash-
ville.
In tho mean time the tenth regiment had been
consolidated with an older one, known as the eighth
Tennessee volunteer cavalry, and when Captain
Grisham came to be mustered in as captain of the
company he had raised the mustering officer refused
to muster him asof the date hehad enlisted the com-
pany, or as of the time when the company received
their arms. He was therefore mustered as captain
of company I, eighth Tennessee volunteer cavalry,
on the 2lst of April, 1861, and his commission hears
the same date.
His statement, of which the foregoing is an abstract,
is sworn to by him; and three officers of the regiment
certify under oath that they know the facts as get
forth to be true, they having served with him during
the whole period of his service in the Army.
General Gillem certifies that from the period he
met Captain Grisham at Camp Nelson, which was in
December, 1S63, he is personally cognizant that he
is entitled to pay. Ho expresses the opinion that he
should be paid from September 5,1863, to April 21,
1861. He pays a high compliment to his qualities as
a soldier and man.
_ Thomas F. Buckingham testifies that he was en-
listed by Captain Grisham on the 5th of September,
1863. and adds:
"I further certify that he, said George E. Grisham,
had and did enlist upon that occasion a company of
cavalry for what was then called and known as tho
tenth Tennessee volunteer cavalry, which company
was afterward consolidated with the eighth Tennes-
see volunteer cavalry."
Several soldiers of company I, of the latter regi-
ment, prove, in a certificate, that they were enlisted
by Captain Grisham on the 5th day of September,
1863; but it doca not clearly appear from the evi-
dence at what particular date the company was fall.
Nor does it appear from the evidonce whether Cap-
tain Grisham employed his whole time in recruiting
in East Tennesse until he rejoined his men in March,
1864, at Nashville. His own statement on that point
is as follows:
" Our companies still lacking a few men to com-
plete the number necessary to bo mustered ns offl-
oers. General Gillem issued orders to myself, Captnin
McLaughlin, Captain Hartman, Lieutenant Maho-
ney, and other officers, to proceed to East Tennessee
and recruit men for the regiment, which wnsdone."
Tho committee, therefore, adopt tho conclusion at
which a former committee of this body arrived, that
Captain Grisham bo allowed pay ns captain for six
months only prior to April 21,1864, tho date of his
muster-in as captain of company I, and accordingly
report.tho bill for his relief, with an amendment, and
rocommend its passago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
WITHDRAWAL OF SPIRITS.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 179) for extending
time for the withdrawal of spirits from distill-
ery warehouses, reported adversely from the
Committee on Finance.
The Secretary read the joint resolution. It
proposes to amend section twenty-three of the
act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and to-
bacco, and for other purposes, approved July
20, 1868, so that the time for the payment of
the tax on distilled spirits may be extended to
three years from the date of the entry for de-
posit in a distillery warehouse; and the bond
prescribed to be given in that section is to be
hereafter conditioned for such payment before
removal of the spirits from distillery ware-
house, and within three years from the date of
such entry. This extension of time for three
years from the date of entry is to be allowed
on any distilled spirits now in distillery ware-
house upon the giving of a new and additional
bond, in form and conditioned as prescribed
in that section, for the time remaining until
the end of such period of three years. But in
all cases there is to be included in the tax to
be paid on distilled spirits, in addition to the
tax now assessed by law, a further amount of
one cent on each proof gallon of such spirits
so deposited for each month after one year
from the time of deposit, and until the spirits
are withdrawn; and any fraction of a month
at the time of removal is to be counted as a
full month. Any distilled spirits remaining in
a distillery warehouse for more than three years
from the time of entry are to be forfeited to
the United States.
Mr. BAYARD. That joint resolution, on
which an adverse report is made by the Com-
mittee on Finance, is susceptible of amendment
which I think will recommend it to the favor-
able consideration of the Senate, as it does, I
believe, to that of a majority of the committee,
and I say this after some consultation with the
committee. I propose to amend the joint res-
olution in lines eleven, twelve, sixteen, and
twenty-three by striking out the word " three''
and inserting "two," and in the eighteenth
line by inserting after the word "one" and be-
fore the word "cent" the words "half of one."
The object of these amendments is to make the
joint resolution satisfactory to the majority of
the committee and, I think, of the Senate. The
resolution relates to an exceedingly important
and valuable source of revenue to the United
States, and I think it is both just and expedient
that the resolution, as amended in the manner
I have suggested, should receive the concur-
rence of the Senate. The effect of the amend-
ment is to change the time to two years within
which distilled spirits can remain in the ware-
house. Under the present law the time allowed
is twelve months. The resolution, as I propose
to amend it, will extend that for twelve rtionths
longer. The consideration to the Government
for that extension of time is an increase of tax
of one half cent per gallon per month upon the
spirits so entered. 1 think it will give t6 the
Government an increased revenue, and at the
same time be an act of some degree of accom-
