4872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
I was informed by the architect, when this
question was raised onee before, that he was
apprehensive that the iron Dome would not per-
mit of that enlargement, and for us without due
consideration to require it to be done seems
to me to be very unwise. That the doors will
be removed to the front of the building without
any action by us I have no doubt.
Mr. SWANN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I renew it. I think if there
is anything that illustrates the instability of the
American character and of American institu-
tions it is the style of architecture that has
been adopted periodically with reference to
this Capitol. Since the original erection of
the Capitol nearly every Congress, and certainly
every Administration, has done something to
change it. We have no fixed style of archi-
tecture ; we have no plan ; we have nothing
stable ; nothing is fixed beyond this periodical
disposition of the American people to change,
change, change. We no sooner establish one
thing, however well and carefully matured, than
those who suecccd us in public life see some
improvement to be made, and make a still fur-
ther change. This is, however, I regret to say,
the physical temperament of the American
people.
Now, sir, in my judgment we have changed
this Capitol within twenty-five years, to a dis-
advantage. In the old Hall, with its southern
exposure, we had a continual southern breeze
to enliven us at this season of the year in the
duties of legislation. But by this change we
have arranged a gorgeous and magnificent
Hall, and shut out the air of heaven; almost
shut out the very light of heaven, thus injur-
ing our health and retarding our progress in
legislation and the discussion thereon.
Some gentlemen rise here and propose to
change the avenues leading from this Hall to
the Rotunda, and from the .Rotunda to the
Senate Chamber. Now, I say to gentlemen
on that side of the House, that to enlarge the
avenues in this building to the Senate Chamber
will notenable them to reach the Senate Cham-
ber, for public opinion in this country will
have something to say on that subject. The
sober second thought now taking place through-
out the length and breadth of this land will
say in regard to the seats now here that they
shall soon know the present incumbents no
more forever. Instead of reaching the Senate
Chamber, they will not even get back here
again.
Mr. DAWES. Now let us have a vote.
Mr. WOOD. I meant no personal applica-
tion to the gentleman in what I said.
The question was on the amendment moved
by Mr. Faunswobtu.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. As the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks] says the
architect of the Capitol considers that the
change would be dangerous to the Dome of the
Capitol, I will withdraw the amendment which
I have offered.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuing the work of grading and filling the
grounds around the Capitol. 5-25,030.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
renew the amendment I made some time since,
and to which, I understand, the Committee on
Appropriations will not object. It is to add
to the paragraph just read the following :
^Provided, That the first expenditure of this appro-
priation shall bo devoted to grading ami puttiug in
orderthe phitcau of the oast Iront ot the Capitol, and
making proper approaches thereto.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Patent OfTicc building: ^ „
For grading the southern half of (>: street, from
Seventh to Ninth streets, and paving the same witn
wooden pavements, 67,500: Provide<L,'i\\uX the cor-
poration of Washington eityeauso the north half of
ij street between Seventh and Ninth streets to be
paved at the same time, the cost thereof to be as-
sessed against the private property fronting thore-
npon. in the manner usual incases of such improve-
ments.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph jnst read, by striking out the words
"withwooden pavements."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope not.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman want
to restrict them to one kind of pavement?
Mr. INGERSOLL. To onekind of wooden
pavement; I want no more stone pavements.
Mr. DAWES. I would have them to get the
best kind of pavement.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is what I want.
The question was taken npon the amend ment
moved by Mr. Dawes ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 73, noes 5; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Daw.es and
Mr. IsGistisoLL were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 103, noes 13.
So the amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not being very well, I
have not been able to be in my seat all the
time to-day. I was absent from my seat when
the Committee of the Whole passed over that
portion of this bill relating to public works in
and about Washington. I ask the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions [Mr. Dawes] to an amendment which I
desire to offer. I will ask that it be read; after
which I will explain it briefly, if necessary.
The Clerk read the amendment, which was
to insert the following:
Forinc.losin? a.nd paving anil improving the circle
at the intersection of Vermont and Mabsacluisetts
avenues, Sfll,12t.
Mr. DAWES. As the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciiexck] has been indisposed and not
able to be in his seat all the time, I will not
object to his offering the amendment he has
indicated.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to going back
to that which we have already passed over.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made,
the amendment cannot now be received.
The Clerk read as follows :
Agricultural Department:
Building on reservation No. 2, for the erection of
glass structures for the culture of medical, textile,
and economic plants, ■,s.'3,ouo.
Mr. GRISWOLD. 1 move to strike out
the paragraph just read. As I understand it,
this appropriation of $20,000 is for erecting
entirely new glass structures. Then follows
an item of $8,000 for improvement of the
grounds, which, although rather indefinite, I
should infer was either in whole or in part for
the improvement of the grounds around these
glass structures. Then there is an item of
$500 for terrace walls and gateway, and $7,000,
for materials for roads and walks.
It is possible that a portion of these expend-
itures will not bo required on account of this
glass structure ; but at all events a portion of
them will be. I think it worthy of attention
that the question hero presented is not, only as
to appropriating the sunt of $'25,000; the ques-
tion is really as to the initiation ot a line of
appropriations. If this initiative step be taken
wo shall be compelled to make large appropria-
tions year after year. I should be inclined to
curtail rather than increase the expenses of
these Departments.
I have nothing to say in reference to the
superintendent of this Department; 1 believe
he is a very good man ; but the question to be
now taken into consideration and clearly un-
derstood, is whether we shall at this time pro-
vide for a new structure which will require
continual expenditures hereafter. Public util-
ity does not seem to me to require this appro-
priation to be made at the present time. It,
can be made as we'll at, the next session, or any
future session.
Mr. SWANN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. Mr. Chairman. I am very sorry that my
friend from New York [Mr. Griswold] has
made any objection to this appropriation for
the Agricultural Department. I know well the
gentleman who is in charge of that Department.
He was formerly a resident, of my own State,
and left there monuments of his practical intel-
ligence, and his manner of conducting himself
in the relation in which he stood to the State
of Maryland.
Now, sir, it so happens that of all the reports
which have been issued from the various De-
partments the agricultural report, prepared by
the head of this Department, has taken the
strongest hold upon the regard of the people
of this country. I believe that that report, in
communicating valuable information to the
people in reference to practical agriculture,
has been more useful than any document which
has ever been issued by any of the Depart-
ments of this Government.
I think that my friend from New York [Mr.
Griswold] has not given to this subject the
consideration it deserves. In view of the suc-
cess of this Department and the approbation
which it has earned from the people of the
whole country, I do not think it proper at this
time to curtail the appropriations which have
been reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations. I have risen for the purpose of sus-
taining the Committee on Appropriations in
the recommendation which they have made in
regard to this Department.
Mr. BIRD. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man whether this appropriation is in addition
to the $40,000 already appropriated for this
Department by this Congress?
Mr. SWANN. I do not undertake, Mr.
Chairman, to answer that question ; but I take
it for granted that the committee has examined
into this whole matter and has ascertained
what is necessary to sustain this Department
in making itself still more useful to the public
than it has been heretofore.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the par-
agraph just read by striking out "§25,000"
and inse'rting"$5,000." As has been suggested
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gnis-
wou),] this is not. simply a question as to
appropriating $25,000. This is one of those
indefinite appropriations the end of which
cannot be seen. I trust that gentlemen of the
committee will remember the experience of
the last few years. Ten years ago the entire
expense of the various green houses und flower
gardens in this city connected with agriculture
and the Botanic Garden, and including all
expenses for agriculture, was less than $100,000.
This conservatory connected with the Agri-
cultural Department was gotten up about ten
years ago as a mere private enterprise of the
Commissioner of Patents, and at first it cost
the Government but about two or three thou-
sand dollars annually. The entire appropri-
ations made by the Government for matters
of this class, shrubs and flowers for ornament
about this capital, were ten years ago less than
ten thousand dollars annually. But from that
period the appropriations for these purposes
rapidly increased.
Father Newton, the natural philosopher,
enlarged the Botanic Garden for the purpose
of embellishment, and so effectually did he use
his bouquets and cut flowers that he converted
his little green-house first into a bureau, and then
into a department capable of magnificent ex-
penditure. The former appropriation of ten
or twelve thousand dollars a year for all the
botanical gardens and green-houses for adorn-
ing the Departments and the capital swelled
in a few years into hundreds of thousands of
dollars. We have appropriated this year for
the Agricultural Department, including the
sum now proposed, more than one hundred
and sixty thousand dollars, of which only
$25,000 is for the benefit of the farmer; and
the expenditure for those hot-houses and green-
houses all over the capital will approach the
sum of $250,000, and yet $25,000 is every dol-
lar of the amount that goes to the benefit of
the farmer. Indeed, sir, near one hundred
thousand dollars of the sum goes to pay the
salaries of the officers and employes connected
with the Agricultural Department, and a large
poition of the balance to the cultivation of
fancy green-house plants.
