82
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
Senate.
Laivs of Neutrality—Mr. Howe.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
commit murder, and two or three others—ex-
tradition is allowed; and that under the pro-
visions of a positive treaty.
Mr. President, if anything is settled in inter-
national law it is that the trade of a neutral
Power within its own jurisdiction is and ought
to be absolutely free from all restrictions what-
ever with any and with every belligerent. One
of the Attorneys General of the United States,
as long ago as in 1795, stated that proposition
in these words:
" That an enemy may come in the territory of a
neutral nation, and there purchase and thence
remove any article whatsoever, even instruments of
war, is a law of nations long and universally estab-
lished."
Mr. Twiss, a British authority, writing dur-
ing the late civil war, collates several author-
ities upon this point, commencing with the
words of Mr. Vattel, as follows:
"' Further, it may be affirmed on the same princi-
ples that if a nation trades in arms, timber for ship-
building, vessels, and warlike stores, I cannot take
it amiss that she sells such things to my enemy, pro-
vided she does not refuse to sell them to me also at
a reasonable price. She carries on her trade with-
out any desire to injuro me; and by continuing it in
the same manner as if I were not engaged in war
she gives me no just cause of complaint.' Martens,
in the same spirit, after observing that the positive
law of nations has modified some of the principles
of natural law as regards commerce, says that 'it
does not forbid neutral Powers to sell in their own
markets ail sorts of merchandise, even munitions of
war, to individual purchasers who resort to them.'
Lampredi, likewise, in his Treatise on the Commerce
of Neutrals in Time of War, in which he has advo-
cated the rights of neutral nations with great mod-
eration and in a very philosophical spirit, observes
that 'a State cannot be required to renounce any of
its natural rights against its free will, and that con-
sequently it is only by an express or tacit convention
that it can be debarred from the right of selling
within its own territory its own productions to whom
it pleases, provided that, without exception of per-
sons, it sells equally to all parties, although they
may be the enemies of one another, and shows no
favor to one belligerent in preference to the other.'"
Bynkershoek asserts the same doctrine, and
applies it to the matter of enlistment; for he
says:
"Nor do i see any difference between enlisting
men and purchasing gunpowder, ammunition, arms,
and warlike stores, which may certainly be done by a
(riendiy sovereign in our country, and which lie may
also use afterward Againstus. I repeat it, the actual
relations of our country are alone to be considered;
otherwise there must be an end to amity, friendship,
and even alliances between princes.
"I am of opinion, therefore, that the same law
which obtains as to the purchase of implements of
war must apply in like manner to the enlistment of
soldiers in the territory of a friendly nation unless
it should be expressly stipulated otherwise between
the two sovereigns."
Mr. President, if authority can make any
principle of law certain and put it beyond dis-
pute it seems to me the Authorities I have read,
and which are not the only ones on this point,
would put the lawfulness of such traffic and
such enlistments beyond dispute.
But I say the law is not only unparalleled
and unnecessary, but it is unjust. Being un-
paralleled and unnecessary, it would seem that
the injustice of the law would follow as a con-
sequence. But I shall not leave it as a mere
inference. I propose to state it. Oar law
imposes heavy penalties upon our citizens, not
for an offense against our interests, but for an
offense against alien interests and penalties
which those alien Powers would not dare to
impose were our citizens within their juris-
diction and guilty of the same offense. If an
American enlists in the armies of Prance, then
engaged in war with Great Britain, and is cap-
tured by Great Britain, he is liable to be treated
as a prisoner of war. Great Britain can im-
pose no penalty upon the individual whatever
except to detain him until peace comes or
until an exchange is offered. After the battle
of Waterloo great armies were disbanded. If
an American citizen had been in the French
army he could have gone to London and settled
there with impunity. Great Britain could have
imposed no penalty upon him. If he had been
in the British army he might have settled with
the same impunity in Paris.
But if he had been in either army he could
not have returned to the United States without
being liable to a fine of $1,000 and without
being liable to imprisonment for a year. If a
merchant at New York should sell a vessel of
war to Great Britain when she is engaged in
war wkh a foreign Power, and undertake to
deliver it to Great Britain, if the vessel is cap-
tured on the high seas it is contraband and
may be condemned by the captors. But if the
vessel is delivered in safety to great Britain
the merchant who sold her cannot be punished
in any way by the other belligerent. Any mer-
chant who could sell to the Cuban insurgents
to-day a vessel and deliver the vessel to these
insurgents might take his money and put it in
his purse and go to Madrid, and settle there
and enjoy the proceeds of that sale with secur-
ity, and the Government of Spain would not
dare to lay a finger on him. But he cannot
come home. If he returns to the protection
of our flag the protection that he receives is
fines which reduce his family to penury and
imprisonment which immures him within the
walls of a dungeon.
Mr. President, I respectfully submit that the
law is not only unparalleled and unjust and un-
necessary, but I do think it is unconstitutional.
I shall not argue that proposition ; but I ask
of these lawyers about me, who have read the
Constitution, and who know that by that instru-
ment all judicial power belonging to this Gov-
ernment is vested in certain courts, of which
Congress is not one—I ask them, under what
clause of the Constitution this Legislature finds
the authority to enact a law which is in effect
a tie exeat against all the citizens of the United
States ; for that is what it is. It is a legis-
lative command to all citizens, not only not to
enlist, but not to go abroad to enlist when two
foreign Powers are engaged in war. It is a
ne exeat; and I ask these same learned lawyers,
since our Constitution has expressly declared
that " no tax or duty shall be laid on articles
exported from any State," where this Congress
finds the power to make the export of a gun,
a cannon ball, or a vessel a penal offense ? That
is what the act does. To be concerned in fur-
nishing a vessel to go abroad, to build it, to
sell it, to help equip it, is a penal offense under
that law.
Mr. President, just look at these three com-
mands. One is in the Constitution, which
positively declares that " no tax or duty shall
be laid on articles exported from any State."
Look at this command, to be found in Philli-
more's Treatise on International Laws :
" It cannot be too emphatically declared that it is
unquestionably the right of the neutral to carry on
a general trade with the belligerents."
Look at your statute, which declares with
equal positivftness that if you do carry on a
trade with belligerents within your own towns,
within your own jurisdiction, in articles men-
tioned in the act, you are liable to a fine and to
imprisonment. Can these three commands be
reconciled ? I cannot do it.
But, sir, worse than either of these objections
is ihe objection that I now make to this act.
Mr. MORTON. With the permission of the
Senator, I should like to ask him this question:
whether under the statute as it now is, anAmer-
ican has not a right to build a ship of war in the
city of New York, and start with it to the port of
any belligerent for the purpose of sale, without
violating that statute; of course taking his
chances of capture before he gets there, if he
starts out with it simply as a mercantile adven-
ture, as a mercantile enterprise ; and whether
persons have not a right to buy arms in the
city of New York avowedly for the purpose of
helping the Cuban insurgents, and shipping
them avowedly for that purpose, taking the
chances, of course, of capture on the part of
the Spanish cruisers ? I ask whether that has
notljeen decided under the present statute?
Mr. HOWE. I have no sort of doubt that
they have a right to buy arms or sell arms,
unless they are made part of the equipment
of a vessel; but if they are made a part of
the equipment of a vessel which is to cruise
against a foreign Power at war with another
and at peace with us, if they are not guilty
under the act of 1818, there is no sueh thing
as a violation of that act.
But, Mr. President, I say there is a worse
objection to this statute than either of those I
have mentioned. I say it is a fraud on al!
honest neutrality. That was its design; that
has been its practical effect. I say that every
individual exercise of authority under this act
is necessarily an injury to one belligerent, and
therefore a benefit to another, and so is an
outrage upon the fundamental idea of neu-
trality. Sir, in what does neutrality consist?
That identical question, in those identical
words, was once asked by a master of inter-
national law, was once asked by Sir James
Mackintosh, during the debate upon the Eng-
lish foreign enlistment act ; and since Sir
James Mackintosh answered the question, let
me answer it in his language. He says, as
reported in Hansard:
" It was unnecessary to resort to the learned dis-
quisitions of writers on international polity to ascer-
tain what the real meaning of neutrality was; com-
mon sense would point it out. Neutrality consisted,
first, in the abstinence of a Government from alford-
ingaidto eitherof two belligerent parties; secondly,
in tho impartiality of the laws as respecting two
belligerent parties. The proclamation of 1817 could
warrant no other proceeding consistently with the
principle of neutrality than tho repeal of the two
acts of (xeorge II. Let these statutes be repealed,
and England would instantly, and without any addi-
tional measure, be placed in a state of complete im-
partiality toward tbebelligerents.''
What were those two acts, the acts of 9 and
29 George II? Substantially what is found in
the second section of your act of 1818—a com-
mand to the people of Great Britain not to en-
list or to go abroad to enlist in foreign armies,
no matter whether at peace or at war. That
is all there was of those two acts; and for what
were those two acts passed? Simply to prevent
the Jacobites, who were rather active in that
reign, from going abroad and taking service
in other armies and becoming the nucleus for
raising armies to maintain at some future and
propitious moment the rights of the Pretender
to the British throne. So they were com-
manded notto go abroad to enlist in any army
of any country, whether at peace or at war.
When Great Britain commenced to legislate
upon this subject, in 1819, her first step was to
repeal those statutes. Said Sir James Mackin-
tosh, " repeal those and put nothing in place
of them "—and those were all they had on the
subject—"and you will be neutral." Thefirst
step that we took in order to secure neutrality
was in 1794 to enact those very provisions, and
we repeated them in 1818.
I say upon the authority of Sir James Mack-
intosh, I say upon the authority of common
sense, repeal these commands, which go far
beyond the provisions of the act of 'J and
29 George II, and your code will be what
Sir James Mackintosh said the British code
would be—a neutral law. There will then be
the entire abstinence of the authority of the
Government in all foreign quarrels ; and that
is neutrality. Why, sir, if Prance and Great
Britain be at war with each other, and France
seeks to enlist an American soldier in her army,
and the authority of your statute is exerted to
prevent that enlistment, have you not inflicted
precisely the same injury upon France and
done the same benefit to Great Britain that you
would have done if you had seized a French
soldier and detained him during the war?
Great Britain has one soldier less to fight, and
France has one soldier less to carry her flag.
That is the result of it.
I know_ it is urged that your law is neutral
because it enforces the same conduct upon
