1096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Joseph Shelton, praying for bounty as a late
private in company A, thirteenth Kansas vol-
unteers ; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Mrs.
Frances A. Macauley, praying to be compen-
sated for expenses incurred by her husband
while he was consul at Tripoli, and also con-
sul general in Egypt j which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign -Relations.
. Mr. SUMNER. I present four of the every-
day petitions against the franking privilege. I
move that they be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of
members of the Suffolk District Massachusetts
Medical Society, praying the enactment of a
law conferring upon the medical officers of the
Navy such relative rank and privileges in the
service as will protect them against the arbi-
trary conduct of superior officers; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the Friends'
Social Union of New York, praying the adop-
tion of a humane policy toward the Indians ;
which was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a copy
of resolutions adopted by the Legislature of
Massachusetts, ana ask that they be read, laid
on the table, and printed.
The Secretary read the resolutions, as fol-
lows:
COHMOXWBALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the year 1870.
Resolutions relating to the claims of American citi-
zens on account of French spoliations.
Resolved by tke Senate and Haute of Representa-
tive* of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in General
Court assembled. That our Senators and Representa-
tives in Congress be requested to use all possible
diligence in securing an immediate recognition and
adjustment of the claims of American citizens against
the United States on aeoount of French spoliations
pnor to the year 1801.
Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be
requested to transmit copies of this resolve to tho
Senators and Representatives in Congress from this
Commonwealth.
House or Repbesbhtatives,
, January 27,1870.
f awed. Sent up for concurrence.
W. S. ROBINSON, Clerk,
Senate, January 29,1870.
Passqd in concurrence.
S. A. GIFFORD, Clerk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
will lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. FENTON. I present a petition of
three hundred citizens of Monroe county, New
York, praying that a pension be allowed the
surviving soldiers of the war of 1812 and the
widows of such as are deceased.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be laid
on the table, as the committee have reported
on that subject.
Mr. FENTON. I also present a large num-
ber of petitions from various localities in New
York, numerously signed, asking for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege. I move that
thejr lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I present the usual
handful of petitions praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege. 1 move that they be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of citizens of
Arkansas, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Jvr1' POOL presented five petitions of citizens
Carolina, praying for the abolition of
tno iranking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. McDONALD presented three petitions
Arkansas, praying for the aboli-
or<loro/i ♦ i- i?g privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
-He also presented the petition of E. A. War-
ren, of Arkansas, praying the removal of polit-
ical disabilities; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of William
Woolford, of Arkansas, praying the removal
of his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi*
zens of Minnesota, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented three petitions of
citizens of Vermont, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. WARNER presented three petitions of
citizens of Alabama, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
Jane Brown, of Ohio, praying to be allowed
arrears of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of John H.
Cecil, of Virginia, praying the removal of his
political disabilities; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
William H. Ragan, William L. Smith, A. W.
Williams, James T. Miller, and David G.
Douthat, of Montgomery county, Virginia;
of R. H. Allen, of Lunenburg, Virginia; of
Thomas J. Boyd, of Wytheville, Virginia; of
William W. Coke, of Princess Anne county,
Virginia; of David Miller, of Lee county, Vir-
finia ; of Jackson Godbey, of Floyd county,
'irginia; of C. J. Cummings, of Washington
county, Virginia; of James P. Tyler, of Rich-
mond, Virginia; and of Edward Hoffman, of
Winchester, Virginia, praying for the removal j
of their political disabilities; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of G. W. Hen-
dertile and Thomas H. Thurmon, praying that
the political disabilities of James P. Kelly,
esq., of Tazewell county, Virginia, rfhy be
removed; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented the petition of Carr Bailey
and others, citizens of Virginia, praying that
the political disabilities imposed upon Peter
C. Johnston, of Virginia, may be removed;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities. |
Mr. LEWIS presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Virginia, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of ,
the United States, praying that all printed
matter, such as newspapers, magazines, &e.,
be carried free of postage to bona fide sub-
scribers ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petitions of C. G. Cole-
man, of Bumpass, Virginia; Samuel G. Staples,
of Patrick Court-House, Virginia; J. L.Gordon,
of Louisa county, Virginia; William H. Bell,
of Churchville, Virginia; Richard H. Garrett,
of Port Royal, Virginia; J. N. Powell, of Rich-
mond, Virginia; Robert Douchal, of Wilson's
Landing, Virginia; and of F. G. Morrison, of
Richmond, Virginia, praying for the removal
of their political disabilities; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of Joshua D. Killgore, a postmaster,
signed by himself, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented the .petition of Getehill
& Sargent, praying a reduction of the duty on
steel; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CASSERLY presented four petitions
of citizens of California, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petition of
Margaret D. Sharp, praying an increase of the
annual pension paid to widows of surgeons in
the Navy; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. COLE presented seven petitions of citi-
zens of California, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. FOWLER. I present ajoint resolution
of the Legislature of Tennessee, and ask that
it be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
House joint resolution requesting our Senators and
Representatives in Congress to urge the passage of
a law by Congress to repeal or modify the national
banking law.
Resolved by the General Assembly of the State cf
Tennessee, That our Senators and Representatives in
Congress be, and they are hereby, requested to urge
the passage of a law by Congress repealing the na-
tional banking law, or at least so much thereof as
provides for the taxation of State and free banks or
their circulation, so as to allow the reorganization
of such banks of circulation as the commerce of the
country may demand.
Adopted January 6,1870.
W. O. N. PERKINS,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JONATHAN MORRIS,
Speaker pro tempore of the Senate.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of the Uni-
versity of the State of Kentucky be taken from the
! flies of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
\ Claims.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.
j The following petitions for the abolition of
! the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
! retary, and ordered to lie on the table:
| By the VICE PRESIDENT: Six petitions
from citizens of various States.
By Mr. TRUMBULL: A petition from citi-
zens of Illinois.
_ By Mr. THURMAN: Six petitions from
1 citizens of Ohio.
j By Mr. HARRIS: Three petitions from citi-
zens of Louisiana.
_ By Mr. CAMERON: Two petitions from
citizens of Pennsylvania.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom the subject was re-
ferred, reported a joint resolution (S. R. No.
120) to provide for the appointment of a soli-
citor of the Department of State and for addi-
tional clerks in the Department; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom -
were referred a resolution of the Senate and a
large number of other papers relating to the
conduct of the Medical Society in the District
of Columbia, to report the same back with a
bill and an accompanying report.
The bill (S. No. 511) to repeal the charter
of the Medical Society of the District of Colum-
bia was read, and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 400) for the relief of Major J. W. Nichols ,
paymaster United States Army, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Captain Phelps
Paine, reported a bill (S. No. 512) for the
