1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4873
Is it not sufficient that we spend from thirty to
forty thousand dollars a year upon the Botanic
Garden, a well-conducted institution under
Professor Smith? Is it not sufficient that we
appropriate annually from thirty to forty thou-
sand dollars for beautifying the public grounds,
besides the magnificent conservatories at the
President's House? Must we inaugurate the
policy of appropriating, not $25,000 a year, but
$25,000 as a beginning, for a magnificent new
green-house for the raising of exotic plants and
rare flowers, having no connection whatever
with agriculture, but only to furnish elegant
bouquets for the heads of Departments, foreign
ministers, and members of Congress? I pro-
test against any such appropriations being con-
sidered as being in the interest of agriculture.
I think with the Botanic Garden and with the
other conservatories kept up at the Government
expense we have already more than enough of
these things without, adding to them by this
appropriation of $25,000 as a beginning for
still vaster expenditures. The Government
has nothing to do with raising flowers lor the
embellishment, of gentlemen.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I may be per-
mitted to express my surprise at the remarks
of the gentleman from Indiana, who has main-
tained a profound silence up to this moment,
when hundreds of thousands of dollars have
been appropriated for beautifying the grounds
around this capital without making a word of
protest; but, the moment we reach the great
agricultural interest of the country in this bill,
the moment we propose to appropriate §23,000
for the cultureof medical,tcxtile,and economic
plants for the benefit of the great farming in-
terest of the country, my distinguished friend
from Indiana 
Mr. IIOLMAN. These appropriation!; have
been expended tor cactuses, azaleas, and other
hot,-house plants of various descriptions. What
good can hot-house plants do for the fanners
of this country ?
Mr. DAWES. The moment we strike the
agricultural interest of the country and pro-
pose to do something for it the gentleman from
Indiana springs from his seat and protests
against it. Why did he not reserve his strength
for something else and let the agriculturists
have this small appropriation for the culture
of medical, textile, and economic plants, so that
the poor toiling farmer in his district and in
mine might reap the benefitof improved culture
aud improved plants?
Mr. HOLMAN. This is for the erection of
glass structures. Now, what interest can the
farmers of this country have in the raising of
hot-house plants?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I withdiawthe amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make it §30,01)0 instead
of $25,000, aud I do it for the purpose of sav-
ing a single word in behalf of this Agiicultural
Department. I represent, as does my friend
from Indiana, a purely agricultural district, and
I venture to say there is nothing about the
capital my constituents engaged in agricul-
ture, men who follow the plow and hold it with
- their own hands, visit with so much interest as
this Agricultural Department and everything
connected with it. It gives them a thrill of joy
to know that the interest, of agriculture is rec-
ognized by this Government, and is treated with
the dignity aud consideration which properly
belongtoit. 1 hope my friend from Indiana, with
whom I have been on former occasions happy
to act, marching with him shoulder to shoulder
along the great highway of economy, will not
at, this time deem it proper to turn aside to
strike down a work doing so much to build up
the agriculture of the country. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr, IIOLMAN. I renew the amendment
which 1 withdrew. Mr. Chairman, 1 think
the remarks submitted by the gentleman from
Tennessee are unworthy of iiiui, as are the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts
unworthy of that gentleman. It is a miser-
able pretense to say that this appropriation is
for the benefit of the agricultural interests of
the country. It is only but another appropri-
ation in addition to the many already made
for raising fancy flowers and plants to make
up into bouquets like that now before you.
That bunch of pretty flowers has cost the
country at least §500. Mr. Chairmanralready
we annually appropriate over one hundred
thousand dollars for this purpose, and I do
not see any good reason why we should appro-
priate this $25,000 for such a purpose. We
already have four or five extensive conserva-
tories, at the public expense, in this city. For
whose benefit are they? Certainly not for the
benefit of the farmers of this country. We are
already expending for such matters of taste
infinitely more than justice to a tax-oppressed
people justifies.
If there were more farmers jn the House
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
and the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes, J coming from their elegant law offices,
would not dare to talk in this insulting manner
to the farmers of the country, and to tell them
that the cactus and the azalea and the flowers
of Asia, and the banana and the orange aud
the tropical palm, were economic plants, to be
cultivated for the benefit of farmers. I say
they are cultivated, and this money is appro-
priated in order to furnish handsome bouquets
aud tropical fruits for members of Congress,
heads of Departments, foreign ministers, &c.;
and, for one, I must enter my protest against
it as inexcusable extravagance.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I cannot
permit my friend from Indiana [Mr. IIolvlvx]
to change the issue in this way. The bou-
quet which fills the eye and pleases the taste
of my friend from Indiana iias nothing to
do with this appropriation. The gentleman
from Indiana was as silent as a dumb lamb
when the appropriation was made for that bou-
quet. lie had nothing to say about that; but
when there is a proposition to appropriate
$2-5,000 for the distribution of the economic
plants among the farmers of the country, then
for the first time does my distinguished friend
raise hisvoice in opposition, and wakes up. He
was asleep when these appropriations for bou-
quets were made, and had nothing to say in
regard to them. The gentleman, however,
cannot hoodwink the farmers of the country
in any such way as that. I intend that they
shall know who opposes such an appropiiatiou
as this, which is intended lor their benefit, and
I hope we may now have a vote on it.
Mr. HODMAN. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SW ANN. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
lam very sorry to find myself in opposition to
ray honorable friend from Indiana. I regret
extremely, sir, that. I cannot agree with him in
the policy he has indicated. I have 110 objec-
tion, Mr. Chairman, to the bouquet upon the
Speaker's table, nor have 1 any objection what-
ever to the hnmanizingadornments which have
proceedi-.d from the Agricultural Department.
I cannot agree with the honorable gentleman
from Indiana that to make appropriations for
this purpose is a wasteful expenditure of the
public money. I think, sir, that such an ex-
penditure is useful, that it is calculated to do
good not only hero in this House, but through
the country.
A proposition was made here the other day,
in regard to which I am sorry that I was not
able to agree with my honorable friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] It was proposed
to enlarge the Capitol grounds, and to buiid
a State Department that would be creditable
to this Government. I was in favoi, sir, of
granting all that was asked for by the Senate
in the amendments which they proposed to the
appropriation bill. I thought it was due to the
dignity of thisgreatnat.ion, I thought thatitwas
i due the character of the people of the United
States,that we should place ourselves in aposi-
tion here uotto call down upon us the ridicule
of all who visit the seat of Government; and
that we should have such' a seat of Govern-
ment as would be creditable to this country in
the eyes of our own people and in those of
the strangers who may come here to visit. No
matter, sir, what view may be taken in regard
to the removal of the seat of Government, I
thought it was due to this country that in the
mean time we should put ourselves in a posi-
tion as regards the appearance of the capital
of the nation to meet the expectations not only
of our own people, but of the foreigners who
congregate here at the seat of our Govern-
ment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I hope we may now have a
vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I trust, Mr. Chairman, that the real
point here will not be misapprehended. On the
four gardens now in existence in this capital,
which cost ten years ago less than §10,000—the
Botanic Gardens, the gardens under the con-
trol of the Superintendent of Public Grounds,
the President's conservatories, and the two
green-houses already under the charge of the
Commissioner of Agriculture—you are spend-
ing to-day not less than $100,000 a year.
And here is one expenditure of that same class,
an expenditure of §25,000 for a green-house
for the Commissioner of Agriculture, just to
begin with; and it is for a green-house, and
nothing else, for tropical plants and flowers.
I am not surprised that the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Swans,] right here in the
midst of his own constituents, should argue in
favor of such a proposition as this; this extrav-
agant embellishing at, the public expense ele-
gant, conservatories for the enjoyment of his
constituents. It is an expenditure not even
remotely connected with agriculture. But the
farmers of this country ask that if money is
appropriated under the pretense of being for
the benefit of agriculture it shall be honestly
appropriated to that purpose, not using agricul-
ture as a pretense for profligate extravagance.
Mr. SWANN. I advocate it in the interest
of the farmers.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can the gentleman men-
tion a single economic plant that is cultivated
under glass? Does not the gentleman know
that this is a mere matter of embellishment, a
proposition to build a hot-house to cultivate
exotic plants in ? Docs lie not know that the
foreigners who come here and of whom ho
speaks, the foreign ministers, have got to re-
gard as a standing joke the pretext of sim-
plicity on the part of our Government? There
is not a crowned head in liurope that expends
or would dare expend so much money to-day
upon bouquets and exotic and tropical plants
for mere embellishment and taste as are culti-
vated already in your elegant conservatories,
and yet yon must have more; and to seek to do
it, under the pretense that it is in the interest of
agriculture is an insult to the intelligence of
every laboring man in America.
I wish to say further that there are scarcely
enough gentlemen in this House connected
with agriculture to form a Committee on Agri-
culture. The intelligent and excellent gentle-
man at the head of that committee I believe is
a practical farmer. A body of farmers here cou-
stitutinga Committee on Agriculture would not
agree to allow an appropriation of this kind to
be made under thepretenseof encouraging agri-
culture. The farmers are not fully represented
here. In their name I protest against this false
pretense, this fraud, this pretense of benelit-
mg the farmers, when the only object is the
embellishment of the capital and the furnish-
ing of elegant bouquets to the heads of bureaus
and Departments, and the elegant people who
come to your capital.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to amend
the amendment so as to make the amount of
