1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3929
gress twenty per cent, was added to the salaries
of the employes of the Government in this city.
Thousands of-dollars have been squandered in
the purchase of magnificent mirrprs to adorn
the walls of Some of the costly furnished rooms
in the Treasury building. Near four hundred
million dollars per annum is expended in run-
ning the Government, that could and should
be conducted at an expense of not exceeding
$250,000,000. Yet retrenchment sleeps while
these extravagant and illegal expenditures are
being made, and wakes only to interpose an
objection to this measure, that proposes an
expenditure that is but a drop compared with
the great ocean of extravagance in which the
money of the tax-payers of this country is
swallowed up.
The amount required to pension all the sol-
diers of the war of 1812, and the widows of
those deceased, will lesson rapidly, and cease
entirely in a few years. The tax-payers have
direct, and through their Legislatures, peti-
tioned, not only this, but former Congresses
to grant these pensions. They do not shrink
from nor desire to evade the payment of the
debt we owe to those who defended the Gov-
ernment in the time of its weakness and ex-
tremest need. It is not appropriations like
this at which they will murmur, but it is those
vast and wasteful leaks in the Treasury, to a
few only of which 1 have referred, that they
condemn, and against which they protest. I,
therefore, Mr. Speaker, in the name of the
tax-payers, who have petitioned that it may be
done, as well as in the name and in behalf
of the old veterans of a war the glory of which
is reflected even unto this day, invoke this Con-
gress to no longer delay the passage of a meas-
ure that is commended by every principle of
just and sound legislation.
M,\ OOBURN. Will the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Wim.ajid] allow me half a min-
ute V
Mr. WILLARD. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means begs me to put a
stop to this debate, because he says it is by his
courtesy i have the floor. While my courtesy
is broad enough to allow any gentleman who
desires to speak an opportunity. I do not feel
that against his remonstrance [ can extend it
further. I desire to say a word myself before
the vote is taken.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa. I ask unanimous con-
sent, to offer the following amendment:
Strike out of the seventh line of the first section
the words "consecutively throe months."
Mr. WILLARD. I cannot consent to that
amendment.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to offer an amendment after the main
question has been ordered.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. COBURN. I ask unanimous consent
to move to amend section two of this bill by
striking out the words " shall be paid to the
persons entitled thereto, from and after the
time when their names are placed on the pen-
sion-roll," and inserting the words " shall be
paid to the persons entitled thereto from and
after the passage of this act."
Mr. WILLARD. i object to that amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment cannot
bo received but by unanimous Consent.
Mr. WILLARD then addressed the House.
[His remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. WINANS. I rise to a parliamentary
question. I understand that I have no right
to modify my amendment if there be objection.
Gentlemen have objected to my striking out
certain words, and they now object to my re-
storing them. Will it be in order to move to
reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered, so as to modify my amend-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. WINANS. I make that motion,
Mr. WILLARD. 1 move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. WINANS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. WiLtAul>and
Mr. Winans were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes ninety-three, noes not counted.
Mr. McNEELY. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
be reconsidered the Chair will be compelled to
rule, the morning hour having expired, that the
bill goes over.
Mr. McNEELY. Wishing action on the
bill, I withdraw the demand for the yeas and
nays.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The question recurred on Mr. Wistaxs's
amendment, as follows:
Strike out these words:
And who, at no time durine the lato rebellion
against the authority of the United States, adhered
to the online of the enemies of the Government, giv-
ing them aid and eomi'ort, or exercised the functions
of any oflico whatever under any authority or pre-
tended authority in hostility to tho United States,
and who shall take and subscribe an oath to support
the Constitution ol'the United Statos.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
40, noes 82.
Jlr. McNEELY. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 demand a division of tho
question so as to take the vote separately
on striking out the words "and subscribe an
oath to support tho Constitution of the United
States ''
The SPEAKER. It comes too late. The
Chair doubts whether the division could be
made; but the demand comes too late after the
House has divided.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas GO, nays 109, not voting
01; as follows:
Y3(]AS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, JWrry, Bock, Biggs,
Bingham, Bird, Blair, Booker, Burr, Benjamin l'\
Butler, (Jalkin, Conner, Cox, Crcbs, Dickinson, Dock-
ery, l)ox, Fox, Getz, Gibson, Griswohl, llaiprht, J table-
man, ilambleton, llairis, Jioflin, llolman, Johnson,
Kerr, Knott, Lewis, Marshall, Mayham. AleCormiek,
Mckce,McKcnzic,McNcely, Morgan, Morphis.Mun-
«en, Niblaek, Perce, Potter, llandall, Beeves, liico,
llidgway, Rogers, Sherrod, Shobcr, Jo.-eph S. Smith,
Swann, Sweeney, Tillman, Trimble, Wells, Eugene
M. Wilson, "Winans.and Woodward—GO.
NAYS—Messis. Allium, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
ncll, A^per, Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Bcatty, Ben-
nett, Benton, Boies, George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Butbnton, Burchard. ltoderiek ii. Butler, Churchill,
William T. Olark, Sidney Clarke, Clinfon L. Cobb, Co-
burn, Cook, Conner, Cowle?. Culiom, Dawes,Dejrener,
Donley, Duval, DveiyEht, Parnsworth, Peniss.Fink-
olnburjy, Pisher, Pitch, Bale, Hawkins, llawley, Hay,
Ifoar, Hooper, ilotohkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd,
Relley, Kellogg, Kelscy, Ketcharu, ICnapp, Lailin,
Lash. Lawrence, Logan, Lynch, Maynard, McOrary,
McGrew, Mcrcur, Ehakim 1JL Moore, J ossoli. Moore,
William Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Nesrley,
Newshatn, O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Paine, Peck,
Peters, Pomeroy, Prosper, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenok,
Scofield, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
vyilha.m J. Smith, Wortkington 0. Smith, William
Smyth, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Strong. Tatl'c, Tanner, Townsend, Twieh-
ell.Tyner, Upson. Wallace, Ward, WilliamB. Wash-
burn, Weiker, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Wil-
la'\l. Williams John T. Wilson,and Witcher—109.
KOT VOTING—Mos--r.-. Amos, Archcr, Ayer, Bar-
naul, Bcaman, Benjamin, Bowen, Boyd, James
Brooks, Buck, Umdett, Cake, Ce.-^ria. Cleveland,
Auia^a Cubb, Covodc, Davis Dickey, Dixon, Kid-
ridge, Perry, Garfield, Giihllan, ilaQull, Hamilton,
Hays, lteaion, Hill, Iloge, Alexander II. Jones,
Tnomas L. Jones, Julian, Loughridge, McCarthy,
Milnes, Daniel J. Morrdl, Morrissey, Orth, Palmer,
Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Porter. Roots, Sanford, Schu-
makor, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sioeum, Starkweather,
Stiles, Stone, Strader, Taylor, Van Auken, Van
Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyok, Voorhees, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Winchester, and Wood—-01.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question was next on Mr. Holmax's
amendment, which was as follows:
Add to the first section the following:
And the surviving widows of such officers and
enlisted and drafted men who are in like dependent
circumstances: Provided, That sncli widow shall have
been married prior to the treaty of peace which term-
xninatcd said war to an officer or enlisted or drafted
man, who served as aforesaid in said war.
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 80, noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLAIUX I move to amend the title
by adding the words " and widows of deceased
soldiers and sailors;" so as to read, bill
granting pensions to certain soldiers and sail-
ors of war of 1812, and the widows so'
deceased soldiers and sailors." : ■
The motion was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grassed and read a. third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
john davis.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 21GS) granting a
pension to John Davis, corporal of the night-
watch on board the United States ship Octo-
rora: which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
lkay OV absenck.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, obtained
leave of absence for ten days from Tuesday
next.
Mr. POLAND obtained leave of absence for
one week.
Mr. WASHBUItN, of Wisconsin, obtained
leave of absence for two weeks.
Mr. NEGLEY obtained leave of absence for
three days from Tuesday next.
Mr. ROGERS obtained leave of absence for
ten days from Monday next,
Mr. S1T0.BER obtained leave of absence for
one week.
OltDElt OF r,USTNTKSS.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I demand the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
demands the regular order, under which the
House will resume the consideration of the
internal tax bill.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. [ desire to raise the
question of consideration. [ desire to have
the House proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table. There are
at least one hundred bills there, some of them
of great public importance, awaiting the action
of the House. This being Saturday, 1 think
we might devote it to tins business, so as to get
a good deal of it out of the way.
The question being put, u Shall the House
resume consideration of the internal tax bill?,J
there were—ayes 84, noes 30.
So the question was decided in the affirm-
ative.
inti3knal tax bill.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (II. U. No. 2015) to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER. Tho first section of tho
bill has been read, and is open to amendment.
Mr. SCIIENCIv. i send to the desk to be
read an amendment, which I olfer to the first
section on page 2.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out, in line twenty-eight, from the word
"every"' dow.a to the word " banker," in line thirty-
six^ inclusive, and insert in lieu thereof tho Jtol-
lowing:
Lvery incorporated or other bank, and every per
son, iirni, or conioanj, whose business whollyoi m
part it is to open credits by deposit or roileetion ol #
money subject to be paid or remitted upon drait',
check, or order; or who->e business wholly or in pin t
i it i-? to advance or loan money on stocks, botu^',
bullion, bills of exchange, or promissory nolo:\ or to
buy,sell, ordiscouut bills ol exchange or uroim;?-'^.*
notes, shall be regarded a.s a bank oi as a bani^t.
Mr. SCHENCK. J'liat simply uwke* >'•*
language a little clearer as to vrfiafc constitute t
a bank or banker, so thai they may not bo
confounded with a broker.
The amendment was agreed to.
