1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1097
relief of Captain Phelps Paine ; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
Ko 884) for the coinage of nickel- copper pieces
of five cents and under, reported it adversely .
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by
the same committee to report a resolution,
which I ask to have read and considered at the
^The Secretary read the resolution, as follows: ,
PwoW, That the President be requested, if not
incompatible with the public interests, to invite a
correspondence with Great Britain and other foreign
Powers, with a view to promote the adoption by the
Legislatures of the several Powers of a common unit
and standard of an international fold coinage, and j
that such correspondence be submitted to Congress
for its information and action. |
The resolution was considered by un&ni- j
mous consent, and agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com- j
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
petition of J. P. F." Camp, reported a bill (S.
No. 513) remitting taxes erroneously assessed j
upon one hundred and fifty gallons of whisky j
belonging to J. P. F. Camp,. of Spartanburg, j
South Carolina; which was read, and passed j
to a second reading. ;
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 437) for the relief of George Andrews,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. SCHURZ, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 241) to relinquish the interest of the
United States in certain lands to the city and
county of San Francisco, reported it with an
amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the letter of the Secretary of the Interior com-
municating the account of S. Seymour, of
expenses in making a survey for a bridge
across the Potomac river, under the joint res-
olution approved March 2, 1867, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia; which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Appropri-
ations, to whom was referred the tq^norial of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Montana in favor of an appropriation for the
construction of a road in that Territory from
Helena to Snake river, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Territories; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Appropri-
ations, to whom was referred the memorial of
the mayor and common council of the city
of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, asking an appro-
priation to reimburse that city for money ex-
pended in the construction of Milwaukee har-
bor, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
•on Appropriations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1097) making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June
30,1870, and for other purposes, have directed
me to report it back with an amendment, and
recommend its passage; and I give notice that
to-morrow I will call this bill to the attention
of the Senate.
Mr. POOL, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom was referred the petition
of the judge and members of the bar in attend-
ance upon the circuit court of the United States
for the district of North Carolina, praying an
appropriation for the erection of a building in
the city of Raleigh for the accommodation of
said court, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds;
which was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S..
No. 424) for the preservation of the harbors
of the United States against encroachment,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 268) for the relief of Captain George
E. Grisham, of Tennessee, reported it without
amendment.
BRIO OCEAN BELLE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee on Finance, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 466) for the relief of.
the owners of the brig Ocean Belle, to report
it back without amendment and recommend its
passage. This bill with accompanying papers
was referred to the Committee on Finance in
1868, and a written report made in favor of
the passage of the bill. And although the bill,
perhaps, ought, not originally to have been sent
to the Committee on Finance, they have con-
cluded to consider it, and again to report in
favor of it ; and the bill having once before
passed the Senate, if there is no objection I
ask for its immediate consideration.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
I ered as in Committee of the Whole. It is a
i direction to the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to the owners of the brig Ocean Belle the
sum of $2,972 in full for damage to the brig
from worming while under impressment from
the 12th of August, 1865, when ordered from
New Orleans to Galveston, to the 5th of Sep-
tember following, when discharged the ser-
vice.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
NEUTRALITY LAWS.
Mr. MORTON. I give notice that to-mor-
row morning I shall ask to take from the table
Senate bill No. 376, more effectually to pre-
serve the neutral relations of the United States,
for the purpose of reference, and will ask the
indulgence of the Senate to occupy a short time
upon it.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 514) granting land to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Columbia river to Puget Bound; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
515) to create an additional land district in the
Territory of Dakota; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 516)
granting lands to the Springfield, Yancton, and
Iowa Railroad Company, in alternate sections,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Springfield, via Yancton, in the Territory of
Dakota, to a point at or near the mouth of
Rock river on the western boundary of the
State of Iowa; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 517) to define the intent of an act entitled
"An act to allow deputy collectors of internal
revenue acting as collectors the pay of col-
lectors, and for other purposes," approved
March 1, 1869; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 518) in relation to duties on articles im-
ported by churches and benevolent institutions ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
tho Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 121) authorizing the
Northern Pacific Railway Company to issue
its bonds for the construction of its road, and
to secure the same by mortgage; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOCSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 151) in relation to the construc-
tion of the Rock Island bridge, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that tha
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolutions; which were
thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 336) for the relief of
Alinzer Clark;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 143) to au-
thorize the Secretary of War to provide for
taking meteorological observations at the mil-
itary stations and other points in the interior
of the continent, and for giving notice on the
northern lakes and sea-board of the approach
and force of storms; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 41) donating
to the public schools of Washington, District
of Columbia, the frame building located at the
southeast corner of Twenty-second street west
and I street north, in said city.
COTTON CASES.
Mr. ABBOTT. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Remitted, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform the Senate at his earliest con-
venience how much of the appropriations heretofore
made, amounting to $100,000, to provide for the de-
fense of certain suits now pending in the Court of
Claims known as the cotton cases, has been expended,
and that he state to whom the same has been paid,
for what services rendered, and the amount paid to
each of said persons; and also the number of clerk3
in the Treasury Department and other persons, with
their names, engaged or occupied in the defense of
said suits: Prowled, That such statement be in bis
opinion not incompatible with the publio interests.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not understand how
the resolution commenced. To whom is it
addressed ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury cannot judge of what will
be compatible or incompatible with the public
interests. The President is the judge of that.
We have but one executive department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas suggests that the resolution be directed
to the President instead of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and that the proviso be stricken
out.
Mr. ABBOTT. Certainly; I have no objec-
tion to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the resolution will be so
modified. The Secretary will now report it as
modified.
The Secretary read as follows:
Retolved, That the President be requested to in-
form the Senate, if not in his opinion incompatible
with the publio interests, 4c.
Mr. POMEROY. That is satisfactory to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no other Sen-
ator desires the reading of the resolution as
modified, the Chair will take the sense of the
Senate "upon it.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
