4874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
the appropriation S26,000. Mr. Chairman, if
I had been looking over this House to find a
gentleman who would get up here and earn-
estly and seriously oppo&e this appropriation
1 .should have taken every other before I
selected ray friend from Indiana; for I am
happy to say that since I have been a member
of iiiis House I have rarely seen or heard lum
give a wrong vote except it was on a question
purely political. When questions have arisen
pertaining to agriculture I have found him right
Bvery time except now, and the only trouble
with the gentleman now is that he really does
not understand the question. He talks about
a greenhouse for ornamentation. Why, Mr.
Chairman, there is no such question before the
committee at all. Gentlemen may remember
that in reply to a resolution of this House
last winter, calling on the Commissioner of
Agriculture for certain information in regard
to the importation of economic plants that we
have brought to this country, for purposes of
food, dyes, clothing, medicine, &c., to know
to what extent he had carried on his oper-
ations, he reported that he had more than
two hundred of these economic plants that he
was trying to preserve and acclimate; but for
want of a proper hot-house to pieserve them
through the rigors of winter he had not suc-
ceeded as he desired to do. It was moreover
shown iu the response of the Commissionerthat
we are annually importing more than ninety
million dollars' worth of dyes and fabrics of
various descriptions that we can just as well
produce in this country as not. Well, now we
propose to give $25,000 to put up a hot-house
for the protection of what the Commissioner
has already received, and for acclimating those
plants, so that he may in due time distribute
them to those parts of the country whose lati-
tude is adapted to their cultivation.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Has he not gotthesegrcen-
houses already?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. There is no such
thing as "green-houses" in it; it is purely
economy, and pertains to the agricultural in-
terest. I would like to see my friend stump
his district and talk in this way to the farmers
there. I would warrant that he would not
come back here again.
Mr. DAWB8. I move that the committee
now rise for the purpose of obtaining from the
House an order to close debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. iiuFPXXTOX re- j
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
slate of the Union, pursuant to the order of
the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the bill (II.
II. No. *2105) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 00, 1871, and lor other pur-
poses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the order he made by the
House that when the sundry civil appropriation
bill shall be again under consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole all debate upon that por-
tion of the bill relating to the Agricultural
Department shall be terminated iu live minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will
allow me to present now the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the currency bill. I
desire to present the report now out of court-
esy to gentlemen of the other branch of Con-
gress, who desire to go away.
Mr. DAWES. That can be done after this
bill is disposed of.
Mr. JNGBRSOLL. I hope that the gentle-
man will give notice now that he will present
his report to-morrow, and then all who are
interested in it can be here.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the i
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] to close debate in Committee
of tiie Whole on certain paragraphs he has
indicated.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
voting ia favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the order was accordingly made.
Mr. DAWES. I nowmovethatthernlesbe
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the special order,
the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Buffintojt in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. 11. No. 2105) making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the motion to strike out the paragraph
appropriating $25,000 for the erection of glass
structures for the Agricultural Department.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 22, noes 94.
So the motion to strikeout was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and concluded the reading of the paragraphs
relating to the Agricultural Department.
Mr. EARNSYv'ORTH. I move to amend
this bill by inserting the following after the
paragraph just r.ead:
Post Office Department:
For repairs and improvements for the proper ven-
tilation of the rooms used by the dead letter branch
of the Post Otticc Department, $11,000.
I presume the Committee on Appropriations
will not oppose this amendment; indeed, I
understand they have examined the subject of
it and arc in favor of it. It is recommended
by the Postmaster General, who estimates for
$10,710, I think. I have pat it at $11,000, so
as to make it a round number.
Mr. DAWES. Round it the other way and
make it §10,000 ; that will be a rounder num-
ber.
Mr. FARNSWOIiTH. Very well: I will
modifymyamendmentsoasto make it $10,000.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I now ask leave to renew
my amendment, as I understand the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Bk.vjauix] withdraws his
objection. The cluairman of the Committee on
Appropriations [Mr. Dawks] consents that it
may come in after line five hundred and six of
the printed bill.
The amendment was read, as follows:
l^or inclosing find paving and improving the circle
at the intersection of Vermont and Massachusetts
avenues, $11,1LM.
Mr. DAWKS. I hope there will be no
objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Ifov purveying the public lands in Minnesota, at
rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal mile tor
standard line:-, seven dollars for tuwn.iiiip, and six
dollars for section line:-, $10,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. T move to
amend the paragraph just read so that it will
read as follows:
por surveying tbe public land" in Minnesota, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars perlincal milefor
standard line?, twelve dollars tor township, and ten
dollars lor section lines, $40,0u0.
Mr. DAWES. Let that amendment be
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows :
Pur surveying the public lands in Dakota Terri-
tory, at rates not exceeding ten dollars per mile for
standard lines, seven dollar* for township, and six
dollars lor section lines, $20,000.
Mr. SPINK. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by adding to it the following:
provided, That. not less than $10,000 of this amount
shall be expendod in surveying in the county of
Pembina, m said Territory.
1 presume the Committee on Appropriations
will not oppose this amendment. My reason
for offering it is that there has been surveyed
iu Dakota something like four million acres of
public lands, of which but three hundred thou-
sand acres have been surveyed in the southern
purl of the 1 evriiory.
Mr. DAWES. Let the amendment be
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows :
For surveying the public lands in Montana Terri-
tory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for township,
and ten dollars for section lines, $20,000.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out "$20,000 "
and inserting "$85,000." I desire to say only
a word on this proposition. The reason I did
not call the attention of the Committee oil
Appropriations to this matter was, as is well
known* to the chairman of the committee, my
severe and long-continued illness.
Mr. DAWES. To relieve the gentleman
from Montana, [Mr. Cavanaugii,] I will say
that if be has the recommendation of the Land
Office  
Mr. CAYANAUGH. I have not.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will get
such a recommendation he can have the amend-
ment inserted in the other branch.
Mr. CAVANAUGII. I would rather have
the amendment inserted by the House.
Mr. DAWES. I am unwilling to assent to
the proposition unless the gentleman can sup-
port it by the authority ol the Commissioner
of the Land Office.
Mr. CAYANAUGH. Then I desire to be
heard.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman would
not press this proposition in the absence of a
recommendation from the Land Office. When
begets such a recommendation he will not have
the slightest difficulty in getting the amendment
adopted iu the Senate. On behalf of the com-
mittee I do not feel authorized to assent to any
proposition of this kind unless it be supported
by the authority of the Land Commissioner:
but we will not oppose the amendment if the
Land Commissioner says the appropriation is
necessary.
Mr. CAYANAUGH. Very well; I will
withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Por surveying the public lands in New Mexico, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile
for standard lines, twelve dollars lor township, and
ten dollars for section lines, $3,000.
Mr. CITAVB3. I move to amend the amend-
ment just read by striking out " $5,000" and
inserting "$20,000;" so as to make the appro-
priation $20,000. 1 am satisfied that $5,000
will go but a very little way toward surveying
the public lands in New Mexico. During the
last four or five years a large portion of that
Territory has been settled by accessions from
the different Atlantic States; but the southern
portion is no w being settled by peopl e from If an-
sas and California. None of this portion of the
Territory has been surveyed. The money here-
tofore appropriated for surveys in that. Terri-
tory has been mainly used iu surveying the
lands of private claimants. I hope "that the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I will make the sameinquiry
of the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr.
Chaves] that I have put to the gentleman from
Montana, [Mr. oavaxacgir: ] has this propo-
sition the recommendation of the Land Office?
If the Commissioner of the General Land
Office declares the increase of the appropria-
tion necessary in any of these cases the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will not oppose it;
but without such a recommendation we cannot
assent to an increase.
Mr. CIIAYES. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For surveying the public landsin Arizona, atrates
noDexceedmsiiUeen dollars per lineal mile lor stand-
ard hues, twelve dollars lor township, and ten dol-
lars for section lines, $o,0C0.
Mr. McCOUMlCK. of Arizona. Mr. Chair-
man, upon line seven hundred and twenty I
move to strike out the word "five" and insert
"ten,'' making the appropriation for surveys
in Arizona $10,000. 1 should have urged this
increase upon the committee but for the fact
