1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20 m
balance of trade Las uiled steadily against us
for a seiies of years the production of domes-
lie manufactures not only fell off, but importa-
tions of foreign goods also declined, by reason
of the inability of our people to buy and pay
for them. If continental Europe can success-
fully compete with our western farmers for
the business of feeding the English workmen,
is it not time for our farmers to think it worth
while to assist in stimulating manufactures at
home, in order that our American workmen
may be enabled to consume the produce that
cannot find a profitable market abroad. Surely,
the way to feed the Englishman with Amer-
ican grain, without fear of continental com-
petition, is to bring him to America by pro-
tecting labor here and rendering it worth his
while to come.
The balance of trade can bo preserved, 110
matter how the duty upon imports may be dis-
tributed, by adopting the suggestion of Mr.
Bannan, embodied in a bill 1 had the honor
to refer to the Committee of Ways and Means
the other day. This bill may safely be added
to that under discussion, and will render^the
work of the committee, with one or two slight
modifications, which I shall ask for at the
proper time, as near perfection as poor human
nature may hope to.approach in the work of
distributing the equities of a tariff law. This
bill provides—
"That whenever the imports shall exceed the ex-
ports of the country) independent of coin, for any
fiscal quarter of any fiscal year five per cent., the
Secretary of the Treasury, by giving ten days' notice
at the different ports of entry, shall increase^ the
duties on the whole scale of manufactured article?
ten per cent, until the exports exceed the imports
five per cent., exclusive of coin; and also when the
exports, including bullion not coined, exceed the
imports ten per cent, in any fiscal quarter of any
fiscal year, independent of coin, the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to reduce the duties lire per
cent, on the whole scale until an equilibrium is
established, of which reduction ton days'notice shall
also be given."
I cannot conclude these remarks without
giving utterance to some thoughts suggested
by the recent free-trade movements in this
House and in various sections of the country.
Especially, sir, would I address myself to Re-
publicans, who have not hesitated to commit
themselves to a doctrine that has never been
thoroughly tested anywhere without being fol-
lowed by ruin. The Republican party received
its greatimpetus and rose to its glorious ascend-
ency by its opposition to human slavery. _ Man}'
Democrats entered its ranks under this inspir-
ation who had previously been known as '' free-
traders," and who are now, I regret to say,
only too ready to vindicate their consistency
in this respect. These gentlemen believe that,
slavery being abolished and impartial suffrage
secured, they can safely indulge themselves by
supporting this fatal bat apparently fascinat-
ing heresy. To them I would say, in all kind-
ness, that if they desire to work not only the
destruction of the Republican party, but the
partial restoration of slavery in the South and
the degradation of white labor in the North,
thev need but inscribe " free trade" upon the
shield of the Republican organization. No
party ever survived that dangerous dogma.
When adopted in the Old World it has invari-
ably been followed by a long train of pauper-
ism and revolution. The very nations most
prone to it are beginning to tire of it; and at
a moment when the President of the United
States, in language plain and just as it is mem-
orable, tells us that " self-interest, if not self-
preservation, dictates caution against disturb-
ing any industrial interest of the country,"
shall we accept this injurious doctrine, by invit-
ing the manufacture instead of the workman to
our shores?
I do not conceal from myself the dangers
in the future to the Republican party; but
none of them seem to me so great or so appall-
ing as the tendency of some of our leaders and
organs to free trade.
Sir, I have endeavored in my own homely
way to show by quotations from statistics and
history how fearfully all low tariffs have oper-
ated upon the business and industry of the
country. Shall the Republican party, then,
at a time when the whole South invokes us to
help it to develop its resources and to estab-
lish diversified industries commensurate with
its capabilities, become the almoner of Europe,
and while feeding her pauperized millions, pau-
perize our own?
I speak for but one State, and that the State
which has stood like a great barrier midway
between the opposing hosts, and which, in the
election of 1868, gave General Grant, after a
terrible contest, twenty-six electoral votes, and
so saved the fortunes of the day. Count Penn-
sylvania out of the Republican column the
moment you write '• free_ trade" upon our
banner. On this subject, sir, there is but one
party in that great Commonwealth. Protection
to American labor meets there no opposition
worthy of the name.
Free trade's twin heresy, " a tariff for rev-
enue with incidental protection to American
manufactures," is also well understood. It is
the artful dodging of the old Democratic party,
charged with every reduction of the tariff, and
responsible for all the business derangements
we have lived to bewail. Will the Republican
party, disregarding the "signs of the times,"
inaugurate the work of destruction, to be com-
pleted by the Democracy when they take our
places here ? For that they will take our places
and that they will complete the destruction of
all the protective features of our tariff, if we
shall strike the first blow, is as certain as that
"history repeats itself." On the one hand
we have long hours to work and low pay for
the workman. This is the fruit of inadequate
duties or free trade, and leads to suffering and
want among the people. On the other hand
we have adequate protection, which means
active business, good wages, a shortening of
the hours of labor, and an educated, happy,
thrifty, law-abiding people. Dare we take one
step backward in the face of the moving mil-
lions ? They are moving, and he who blocks
the way goes down. This is the inevitable ten-
dency of the strong associations of workmen
throughout the land; and for one I say God
speed!
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m. hav-
ing arrived, the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, agreeably to the order
of the House, took a recess till half past seven
o'clock p. ra.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed its session, (Mr. Wheeler in the
chair,) and proceeded with the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing
laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. NEGLEY. Not only as a Represent-
ative of a vast Commonwealth, which by its
inexhaustible stores of mineral treasure has
gigantic interests at stake, but also as a Rep-
resentative of my entire country, I am in favor
of protective legislation.
As a tribune of the great American people
I plead the cause of universal protection and
development of free labor, and not as a dele- |
gate of my State and district the plea of class ]
legislation.
As a friend of every laborer and mechanic, j
not as attorney for a few capitalists. 1 shall j
denounce any and every measure which, under j
the guise of liberal phrase and plausible soph- j
istry, aims at the injury and destruction of the ;
general interests of our future prosperity. _ ,
Protection of the rights of the weak against
the aggressions of the strong is the very fund-
amental element of government, the very basis
of polity and law; and while this protection
of single branches of industry or individuals
within a Commonwealth must be secured with
the least infringement upon the just claims of
others, it is an imperative duty of Govern-
ment, as well as an indisputable principle of
political economy, that the just rights and
interests of every corporation or individual
within its jurisdiction must be defended by
law, and by every other means, against any
encroachment from abroad.
The issue before us, between a protective
tariff and free-trade policy, under various mis-
nomers, has harassed our national legislation
from the foundation of the Republic. It does
not concern internal relations between citizens,
corporations, States, or sections of this Union,
but it relates only to our international exchange
of commodities with foreign nations.
If a protective tariff would favor monopoly,
and free trade advance the development of
free labor; if the former would be partial to
the prestige of capital merely, and .the latter
would carry the banner of honest handicraft
against the tyranny of the same—as the foreign
dealer loudly proclaims—I for one would say,
away with such a tariff! Or, if we were living
in the millennium, and countries having har-
monious interests fostered them with frater-
nal impartiality, willingly would I become a
free-trade advocate, with the ready assent for
opening our ports to all nations of the world.
But when the most enlightened economists,
as well as the foremost patriots, tell us that the
so-called antagonism between capital and labor
is but a caprice of local fallacy; that their
true relation is one of closest reciprocity, (the
former being useless without the latter, and
the latter helpless without the former,) I can-
not resolve upon the immediate adoption of
such a measure.
When it is conceded that equal rights and
free trade rule the internal relations of our
entire continent, and that protective legisla-
tion is not a sectional boon but a national
demand, claiming a good and high tariff to
free our country from subserviency to foreign
supremacy and to raise it from its present
restricted condition to the standard of highest
perfection ; when it can be conclusively shown
that such a tariff is not merely a benefit to class
industries, giving vital impulse and thrift to
varied enterprises in new and unexplored sec-
tions, but carrying with it the weighty opinions
of prominent financiers that proper protection
is the only assurance that will enhance our
future prosperity, maintain our present credit,
elevate our national honor, and affirm the sta-
bility and progress of our industry; when our
own history testifies to the rapid and substan-
tial development of our industrial and natural
resources invariably following protective legis-
lation, while with the same impetus certain
crises and disasters attended every adverse
legislative measure; and finally, when the sol-
emn chronicles of our late fearful struggle
demonstrate to us that to the superiority of
northern industry over the deficiency of south-
ern skill and labor was due the final results
achieved, and without this even northern bra-
very and perseverance could scarcely have over-
come southern courage and fanaticism, why
then and always, so long as the industrial
genius of my country or any of its branches is
inferior to that of any other nation, so long
shall I exert every possible effort for its ad-
vancemeutand protection against the combined
competition of foreign capital and underpaid
labor.
There are many excellent reasons and sound
arguments contained in the able essays of mas-
terly minds of present and former times wliicn
might be quoted in this instance in favor of my
position ; yet, not proposing to advance or
defend abstract theories, but to deal only with
incontrovertible facts, I shall bring to y>ui
notice the salient features only of this question,
substantiated by the mathematical accuracy
of statistical data, delineating our true com-
mercial relations with the prominent foreign
nations. , c ,
In the first place I commend to your careful
attention a statistical table containing areas
