1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48.75
tliat early in the session I introduced a bill to
make Arizona a separate surveying district, and
have been expecting the passage of that bill.
It was agreed to by the Committee on the Public
Lands several months since; but^ that com-
mittee having been unable to obtain the floor
action upon it has not been secured, ancy. now
fear may not be at this session. It was my
purpose, if the Territory had been made a dis-
tinct district, to have appeared before the com-
mittee and asked an appropriation of at least
$20,000.
The Territory was organized in 18G3, and
made a separate surveying district. But before
the surveyor could begin his work it was added
to the district of New Mexico, and his office
abolished. The office of the surveyor general
of New Mexico being at Santa Fe, hundreds
of miles away, he had little communication
with Arizona, although well disposed to serve
its people. Before he could make any pro-
gress other than a visit Arizona was added to
(he surveying district of California, to which
it is now attached, although a most inconven-
ient and unsatisfactory connection, and so de-
clared by the surveyor general of that State
in a letter now before me.
The office of the surveyor general being in
San Francisco, is even more remote than was
that at Santa F6, but surveys were a year or
two since commenced and perfected to a snmll
extent upon the Gila and Salt rivers. The
appropriation was small and the work neces-
sarily expensive. The surveyor general of
California has constantly asked a more liberal
allowance, and it is absolutely needed. Most
of the best agricultural sections of the Terri-
tory, and these are much more numerous than
is commonly supposed, are yet unsurveyed.
About the capital (Tucson) no surveys have
been made, although the valley in which it is
located has been settled for a hundred years.
No surveys have been made in any ot the val-
leys upon the great Colorado river; nor have
any been made in central Arizona, where there
is an enterprising American population actively
engaged in farming and annually producing
large crops despite the constant annoyance
from hostile Indians.
Year after year the people have begged the
Government to proceed with surveys that they
might procure titles to their lands, and year
after year they have been doomed to disap-
pointment in this as in almost everything asked.
In each message to the Legislature the Gov-
ernor has referred to the matter as one of the
first importance to the people. In 1868 the
Legislature sent a memorial to Congress upon
the subject, making the following statement:
"Your memorialists, tlie Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Arizona, respectfully represent t hat
a large portion of our Territory is composed of line
agricultural land; that a large immigration is con-
stantly arriving in and passing through our Lornfory,
and that a much greater portion of such immigrati on
could be induced to remain hero than now remains
it our public lands wore surveyed, and subicetto loca-
tion under such surveys; that we are very much m
want of the increased population that would tnus
ho brought amongusto aidin overcoming Hicho-ilils
Indians, and wo are firmly of the opinion that this
would be one of the cheapest and most successful
modes of warfare on the part of the United folate*
Government against, the Indians; th.it these who
have already made locations nn the public l,uri< m
this Territory are restrained from making ^tbstan-
tial or costly improvements thereon loi tear ot iuiuio
surveys."
I need not say to you that noxtto the matter
of furnishing military protection in a country
where there are so many warlike Indians noth-
ing will do more to encourage and satisfy the
people than the survey of the public lands, so
that they may secure title to their claims, and
feel that, they aie at least not, to be disturbed
1 jv the Government or bvf-qualleis, or exposed
to trouble and cost in the courts. 1 no present
uncertain state of aftUiis lends greatly to retard
impinvemput and discourage settlement, as is
in.imated m the foregoing statement of the
lepisialive memorial. Many of the persons
passing through the Territory on til"ove.'-
land routes by the thirty-second and ihirt v-lillh
parallels would be induced to remain if the
lands were surveyed and opened to sale. And
while it is an old saying, "that be who culti-
vates the land the best will defend it the best,"
it is equally true that he who has a clear title
to his land will be the most ready to cling to
it and improve it.
Even $10,000 will be but a small sum for
carrying on surveys in a Territory so large as
Arizona, where the agricultural lands are de-
tached and where there are risks to encounter.
It will be observed that $20,000 is the lowest
sum it is proposed in this bill to give any of the
Territories, excepting Arizona and New Mex-
ico. Why should these large Territories be
limited to §5,000 each? It certainly will not
do in the case of Arizona to say that there is
no sale for the public lands, for to this day the
land office in the Territory is not opened,
although there is at last, after so many years
of wailing, a fair prospect of its being opened
at an early day.
The total amount appropriated to the Terri-
tory I represent, for surveys to this date, ($35,-
000,) is quite out of proportion to that given
other Territories within the same time. As is
shown from an official statement, Idaho, organ-
ized the same year that Arizona was, has re-
ceived $00,000; while Montana, more recently
organized, has received $70,000. Nevada, as a
Territory and State, has since the date of the
organization of Arizona had $170,000, while
before she had §20,000, making a total of oyer
five times as much as Arizona has had. Yet
her agricultural lands, if I am correctly in-
formed. are not nearly so extensive. And here,
although my time is limited under this provok-
ing live-minutes rule, I wish to say a word about
the agricultural resources of Arizona. It has
been common to pronounce I he Territory worth-
less, excepting in its minerals. This is a great
mistake ; for the agricultural lands, although
generally found in limited parcels, are in the
aggregate extensive and rich, and may be cul-
tivated with much success.
The military are now supplied with grain
without drawing upon California, as in years
past, and comparatively little flour is brought
from abroad. The great valleys of the Gila
and Salt rivers, where the climate has until
lately been thought too warm for healthful or
profitable occupation by the American, are
now being occupied ; and the belief that large
communities have subsisted upon the produce
of these valleys in the far past is strengthened
bytheaccumulating evidences of their fertility.
While the lands throughout the Territory that
do not need irrigation and those that may be
irrigated from streams are sufficient for a
large population, the soil of much of what is
known as the desert country, and which to the
casual observer seems barren and repulsive,
is exceedingly rich, and if supplied with water
by a system of artesian wells, as there is every
reason to believe it may be at a reasonable
outlay, must abundantly lepay cultivation.
Major General Hallec'ii, commanding the
military division of the Pacific, made this
statement in his report 10 the Secretary of
! War, in ISG8:
' "lint this Territory has interests^ and resources
i other than its minerals, and I have little doubt lha,t
; iu a few years itsagncuUur.il products will exceed
; in value the vield of its mines of gold, silver, and
copper, however rich they may prove to be. In
i many parts of the countiy the soil is exceedingly
1 licli, and crops are abundant. Its climate is favor-
l: able for the growth of moat kinds of gram and fruit,
ii and its grass lands are .v> extensive and rich that the
' traveler is surprised to learn that the beef and mut-
j! ton consumed aie mostly obtained from Texas and
|i California, and still more, that much of bread eaten
"i is nude of flour brought from California and Sonora.
j! Th re can be liLilo doubt that when.the Territory
j shall receive an immigration ol thrifty farmers it
I wiit became one of the most prosperous countries on
'' the Paoiic slope. -Manv p>sts are now mainly sup-
'■ plied bv the products ol the country, and at prices
I' nearly iiiiy per cent, less than lormerly. '
ii Hon. J. Ross Browne, late United States
j! mining commissioner, bears the annexed testi-
inoiiy:
" * _\; j- far richer iu agricultural lands than is
generally supposed. To those who have traversed
the desert regions only it would be an absurdity to
talk of fine farms ana gardens; but with those who
have seen the products of tire fertile valleys no argu-
ment is necessary to prove their value. Indeed, it
may be boldly asserted that no one of the mineral-
bearing Territories of the Pacific is richer in mineral
lands than Arizona, whileitsohmate is acknowledged
by all who have tested it to bo unsurpassed upon the
western continent. The pastoral resources of the
Territory deserve mention. Grasses of every nutri-
tious variety abound, and cattleand sheep may,when-
ever the hostilelndians are overcome, be raised with
comparatively no outlay. Southern Arizonais espe-
cially rich in grazing lands, and were its mines to
prove worthless, which is hardly possible, it must
eventually become important as a pastoral country,
and support alarge population, furnishingcattle.not
for the Territory, but for California and K ew Mexico."
I might multiply evidence from authorities
equally good, but my time has already expired;
aud I will simply add that I can confirm the
foregoing statements from my personal observ-
ation and information. Arizona must become
a profitable field for the farmer and herdsman,
j having such agricultural and pastoral lands,
(the latter unsurpassed upon the continent,)
and a climate so salubrious. But a first step
must be to survey and give title to these lands,
and properly to protect those who would occupy
and cultivate them. I differ entirely from
those who think it unnecessary to make sur-
veys and give titles while there are hostile
Indians in the Territory. To me it seems but
j just to the resolute pioneers, who have so
I much to contend with, who follow the plow
I and watch the herd in constant risk of life,
who sow without knowing they may reap, that
they should, at the earliest possible moment,
have full and complete rights in the soil, and
the assurance that if they fall in their laud-
able efforts to redeem the wilderness and ex-
] tend the area of civilization their children
may enjoy, without danger of disturbance, the
j benefits of their enterprise and heroism.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I dislike very
much to opposea matter in which Delegates of
the Territories take so much interest; but the
llouse will readily see that the Commissioner
of the General Land Office ought to be respons-
ible for the expenditures of money for the sur-
veys in the Territories. The Commissioner
is a very liberal man, and is sufficiently dis-
posed to augment the duties of his office. I
have no doubt that if these gentlemen from
the Territories will applv to him they can get
recommendations for additional appropriations
for these surveys.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. The Ter-
ritories of Arizona and New Mexico arc the
only Territories for which so small an appro-
priation as $5,000 is proposed. The other
Territories all get $20,000 or more.
Mr. DAWliS. If the gentleman will apply
to the Commissioner of the Land Office I have
II no doubthe can get the necessary reeo ill triend-
! ation.
J Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I have no
j doubt the Commissioner of the Land Office is
well disposed, but I do not think he coinpre-
: bends the great need of surveys in Arizona,
i and I believe my people will look to me rather
| than to him in this matter. However, as my
friend from New Mexico, [Mr. Chaves. J who
is in the same boat with me, has withdrawn
I his motion for an increase of the appropria-
tion, and as the chairman of the committee is
,1 so reluctant to allow it to prevail, I will witli-
'' draw my amendment, havingthus put on record
' a statement on behalf of my constituents which
I felt it my bounden duty to make.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in California, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per linen) mile for
i' standard-lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten
ji dollars for section lines, $50,UUU: Provided, That the
i' Commissioner of tbe General Land 0,'ficc, in '); ' i-'-
i1 cretion, may hei eafter authorize public lands m said
!] State, densely covered with forests or thick uiider-
|! growth, to be surveyed at augmented rates no', e.x-
| ceeding eighteen dollars per uiilefor standard r.aral-
|i !' fifteen dollars for township, and twelve dollars
P for section lines.
j! Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by add-
'j itig to the paragraph just read the lollowing:
ii Provided farther. That whenever lands in Califor-
