WO.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of Neutrality—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
no wrong. They boasted that it had done them
no wrong. It could have done tliem no wrong.
The rebels themselves had largely administered
the Government. That one interest which they
most cherished, the interest of slavery, they
admitted was safe in the Republic. The only
reform they proposed was, not to make slavery
more secure in the Republic, but to make it the
corner-stone of the Republic. For that fell
purpose civil war was inaugurated. To habil-
itate a Government which should darken the
seas with the traffic in slaves and should vex the
land by the tillage of slaves, that was the pur-
pose for which civil war was inaugurated in our
midst. The confederates asked of the States
of the world the privilege to make war that
they might become an independent Power, and
they at the same time issued their manifesto
declaring this to be the purpose for which their
independence was to be employed.
Mr. President, England stretched across the
ocean to take that enterprise by the hand.
Without her authorization the confederates
would have found no communion in the world
except that of other pirates. Without that
authorization there would have been no flag
on the wide seas to salute the flag of the con-
federates except the black flag. "Pirates,"
says Bynkershoek, "are those who without
the authorization of any sovereign commit
depredations either by sea or by land."
Sir, no Englishman, and certainly no Ameri-
can, will deny that rebellion is not sometimes
justified. John Hampden and George Wash-
ington were rebels; but John Hampden and
George Washington revolted against oppres-
sion, and they imperiled their lives in defense
of right and of justice. But these men did not
revolt against oppression; they revolted against
the very genius of equity. They rebelled not
only against the authority of the Constitution
but against the organic law of the moral uni-
verse as well. They plowed the land with all
the horrid enginery of war, and they manured
it with the slaughter of their countrymen only
that they might reap a fatter and more bound-
less harvest of human slavery.
Mr. President, unlike the child to whom I
referred a short time ago, the confederates had
no physical life; they had no being of any sort;
they asked leave to be ; they asked leave to
fight their way into being, and for the purpose
I have explained; and England, without demur-
rage of a day, gave that leave. That is Eng-
land's offense, in my judgment. LordRussell,
in one of his dispatchcs upon this subject, says
in a letter to Mr. Adams:
"What you contend for, X imagino, both as to the
commencement of the war and as to its close, is that
theUnited Statesof Americahad a full claimto exer-
cise all the rights oi' belligerents, but that Great
Britain had no just claims to exercise any of the
rights of neutrals.
"This position, however, Great Britain never
can admit."—Jjiplomatic Correspondence, first session
Thiriy-Ninth Congress, p. 539.
Sir, the noble earl was slightly mistaken.
We did concede to Great Britain all the
rights of a neutral; but, if I am not mistaken,
God did not concede them to her. Terrible
as was the enterprise in which the rebellion
was engaged, threatening as it did disaster to
the Republic here and to the cause of civiliza-
tion anywhere, I know of no command in the
code of international law which required Great
Britain to take part with us in the suppression
of it. But if I have not mistaken the divine
law, that did require of Great Britain and of
every other civilized Power to lift up not only
their voices but their arms against that most
infamous pretense.
But Great Britain does not owe reparation
to us for her infractions of the divine law. She
owes reparation to us, not for not helping to
suppress that rebellion, but for offensively step-
ping forward to take it to her bosom; for ad-
vertising to the nations of the earth that she
stood indifferent between that pretender whom
no nation had authorized to live and this estab-
lished Government which had stood almost a
hundred years ; between that stranger whom
nobody knew and this Republic, to whom she
had plighted her faith and her friendship in a
dozen solemn treaties; between that brigand
who without authority of law, without the con-
sent of nations, armed against order and jus-
tice, and this sovereign State, which in obedi-
ence to, constitutional duty and official oaths,
armed simply to suppress insurrection and to
maintain the" national peace. This was Eng-
land's offense against us.
Of course, I think it was aggravated by the
manner in which she proclaimed her neutrality
and conceded that right of belligerency. I
know of no other instance in history in which,
by a solemn and public proclamation, belliger-
ent rights have been conceded to insurgents.
So far as I know, up to that period of time
insurgents had been compelled to secure such
recognition as they did get by indirection rather
than by express grant; but England jumped
forward in the very morning of the engagement
to proclaim before the nations of the world
that she recognized in these insurgents, ani-
mated and inspired by this purpose, the right,
not to be a sovereign State, but to exercise the
highest prerogative that any sovereign State
can exercise, the right of making war.
If England was shameless enough to hold
herself aloof from that contest, she could do so
without offense to us ; but without offense to
us she could not open her markets to the new
corsair, to stand guard over their cruisers while
they wero in her ports, and to protect them
against pursuit for twenty-four hours after they
had left her ports.
Of course, Mr. President, I think the offense
of England was greatly aggravated by the time
at which she conceded belligerent rights. In
the history of all previous insurrections and
revolts that I know anything about the insur-
gents had been required to struggle without
any recognition from neutral Powers for a
period of time, for a period of years, before
obtaining any recognition whatever.
During the second decade of this century,
as you know, there were a great many colonies
on this continent that revolted against foreign
domination. Spain experienced such revolts;
Portugal did. The colonists revolted against
Governments in which they had no voice and
no vote ; Governments the seats of which were
three thousand miles off; Governments which
they said were oppressive and tyrannical. How
oppressive was the Government of Spain you
may infer from the declaration of John Ran-
dolph, who, while he sternly frowned upon the
revolt, declared that Ferdinand was an enemy
of the human race. And yet those colonies,
who asked not the privilege of making slaves,
but asked the privilege of redeeming themselves
from slavery, were compelled to struggle for
years without any recognition from any neutral
Power. Nay, sir, after they had been fighting
for this independence, I think, for seven years,
your Government was legislating against them.
After they had been fighting for seven years
some of them were indicted even in Boston,
right under the shadow of Faneuil Hall, where
the first chapters of the American revolt were
written ; there the adherents of the colonial
cause were indicted and tried for the crime of
piracy, and the judges who presided in the
Federal courts were equally divided upon the
question whether they were or were not guilty
of piracy.
But here England sprang forward with the
full concession of belligerent rights before a
battle had been fought. Y/hcn Lord Russell
promised belligerent rights to the confederacy
the only guns that had been fired by the con-
federacy were that gun which was fired across
the bows of the Star of the West in Charleston
harbor, and that bombardment upon Fort Sum-
ter to remove eighty men from that garrison.
But two things should be remembered about
that: first, that Great Britain did not know
of that bombardment when Lord Russell made
his speech ; and second, that the confederates
themselves did not admit that that was an act
of war upon theUnited States. They professed
that it was only the forcible ejectment of alien
troops from their territory. All that Great
Britain knew of this contest when Lord Russell
made that speech and promised these belligerent
rights was that the _ confederates themselves
claimed to be exercising, not a revolutionary
but a constitutional right; that they were pro-
testing there would be no war; that individuals
among them were swaggering with a pretended
willingness to swallow all the blood that should
be shed during the contest! So that speech
of Lord Russell was an invitation to hostilities,
not a recognition of them. It was a license,
not a condonation. It was an indulgence, not
an act of forgiveness.
Of course, Mr. President, I think the fault
of England was infinitely aggravated by the
excuse which she urges in defense of her proc-
lamation. Lord Russell, in the very dispatch
from which 1 have read, says to Mr. Adams:
" With respect to your allegation that the conces-
sion of belligerent rights to the confederates was
' precipitate and unprecedented,' I answer both epi-
thets by saying, first, that our declaration followed
and did not precede your own declaration of the
intended blockade of six orscven considerable ports,
and tho declaration of an intention on the part of
the confederates to issuo letters of marnue."
It followed, said Lord Russell, the adver-
tisement of this purpose on the part of the rebel
government and on the part of the American
Government. That is the unparalleled excuse
pleaded for this unparalleled concession to an
unparalleled crime ; as much as to say, because
we were compelled to a belligerent attitude,
therefore Great Britain is authorized to wel-
come these confederates to tho same attitude;
because a Govern mentis compelled to a belli-
gerent act, therefore Great Britain volunteers
to an unholy rebellion belligerent rights ; be-
cause this Government, whose legitimacy no
nation questions, in pursuance of authority no
one could deny, blockaded Charleston and New
Orleans, ports within their jurisdiction, and in
order to suppress a revolt which it was her
solemn duty to suppress, therefore Great Brit-
ain proclaims that the rebels themselves, who
had no authority to exert, no jurisdiction to
defend, might lawfully blockade Boston and
New York in order to prosecute that very revolt
which it was their solemn duty to abandon ; be-
cause treason had assumed such proportions
that only the dread powers of war could arrest
it, therefore, and for that reason, Great Britain
proclaimed that the traitors were no longer
criminals, but only soldiers; because a police-
man was forced to draw his knife to protect his
life against the felon he has tried to arrest, you
put a knife into the hands of the felon! That
is British neutrality!
By parity of reasoning, if you respect the
authority of the queen when she turns a mur-
derer off at Tyburn you are bound to respect
the authority of that murderer's accomplices
when they attack the life of the queen on Houns-
low Heath. And what makes this apology most
intolerable is that England parades our calam-
ities as a justification for her crime. She says
in substance, if our necessities had not been so
great she would not have cheered on our ene-
mies; if we had not been compelled in self-
defense to let slip the dogs of war she would
not have cried "staboy!" to the hounds of the
rebellion.
Belligerency is a fact they say. Of course it
is. So is homicide. But whether the homicide
be justifiable or excusable, or be willful mur-
der, depends upon the facts and the_ circum-
stances attending the commission of it. Yes,
belligerency is a fact; but when one of the
