1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S931
of this section relating to "foreign commer-
cial brokers'' so that it shall read as follows:
Foreign commercial brokers, whose annual sales
do not exceed $100,000, shall each pay a special tax
of &1.000: and when exceeding 8100,000 shall pay, in
addition, five dollars for every $l,000of sales in excess
ol $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I also move to amend the
last clause of the same paragraph so that it
will read as follows:
And if it shall not appear that such tax has been
paid, or upon neglect or refusal to produce such tax
receipt when so demanded by the proper officer, the
party so delinquent shall bo liable to a penalty of
Sr'iOOO, and shjill on conviction be fined not less than
t^,000 nor more than S20.000, or imprisoned not less
than six months nor more than two years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I also move to amend the
clause in relation to claim agents by striking
out the words "and if exceeding $1,000 and
not exceeding $2,000, twenty dollars ; ar.d if
exceeding ยง2,000, thirty dollars ;" so that the
clause as amended will read:
Claim agents shall each pay ten dollars. Every
person whose business it is to prosecute claims in any
ot the Executive Departments of the Government
shall be deemed a claim agent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move also to amend the
paragraph relating to " keepers of hotels,"
&c., by striking out the words "according to
the amount ot his sales" andinserting in lieu
thereof the words "as the case may be;" so
that portion will read as follows:
Every person whose business it is to furnish food
and lodging to travelers and others for pay shall be
regarded as a keeper of a hotel, inn, or tavern; but
wines, spirits, or malt liquors shall not be sold with-
out the payment, in addition, of the special tax of a
wholesale or retail liquor dealer, as the case may be.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the clause
which reads " proprietors of places of public
amusements shall pay therefor as follows,"
&c., by striking out the word "therefor."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I also move to amend
t he portion of that same paragraph relating to
"circuses," &e., so that the clause will read:
And the special tax receipt therefor shall be framed
by the person to whom issued, and shall be hung up
at the place of entrance to such circus or other place
of amusement, so thatthosaniecanbeeusilyseen and
read by thosepersons visiting such place of perform-
ance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend another
clause of the same paragraph, so that it, will
read:
And if it shall appear that such tax has not been
paid, or has not been paid within thirty days after
the 1st day of May in such year, or upon neglect or
refusal to produoosueh tax receipt when so demanded
by the properoffieer, the party so delinquent shall be
liable to a penalty of 81,000, and shall be subject to,
and on conviction for the offense, be fined not less
than $1,000 nor more than $3,000, and be imprisoned
not less than three months nor more than two years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the next
clause of the same paragraph so that it will
read:
And thoownerorlessecof any permanently located
building used for any exhibition, performance, show,
or entertainment to which admission is given foi
pay, except such as are hereinafter specifically ex-
empted, shall be subject to and pay a tax of one per
cent, on the gross receipts derived by such owner or
lessee from such exhibition, performance, show, or
entertainment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the para-
graph relating to "lottery managers" so that
it will read as follows :
Lottery managers shall each pay $5,000. Every
person, firm, corporation, or association who shall
manage any lottery or prepare any scheme for lot-
teries.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to amend,
by striking out in line four hundred and ten,
the word "lotteries," and inserting in lieu
thereof'' a lottery ;'' also, by striki ng out at the
end of the same line the word "or" and ia-
serting in lieu thereof the word "and;" also,
by striking out in line four hundred and twelve
the word "or," before "issue," and inserting
in lieu thereof the word "and;" also, by strik-
ing out after the word "sold," line four hun-
dred and twelve, the word "to" and inserting
in lieu thereof the word " by;" so that the first
clause of the paragraph will read:
Lottery managers shall each pay $5,000. Every'
person, firm, corporation, or association who shall
manage any lottery, or prepare any scheme for a lot-
tery, or hire, or have the control and enjoyment of
any lottery grant,franchise, or privilege, or make or
devise and issue to be sold by others, any lottery
tickets or fractional parts thereof, or any token, cer-
tificate, or device representing or intended to repre-
sent a lottery tickot, or any fractional part thereof,
or any policy or combination of numbers in any lot-
tery, or the ovidence in any form of any chance or
interest in the drawing of any lottery, or who shall
be a " backer" or guarantor for the payment of bets
or wagers won or amounts lost on any scheme or
policy of numbers, or on the drawing of any number
or numbers in any lottery, shall be regarded as a
lottery manager.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to amend
by adding after the word "manager," in line
four hundred and twenty-one; the following:
In any case where the business of a lottery manager
is carried on by a firm, corporation, or association,
consisting of more than one individual, each indi-
vidual member of such firm, corporation, or associa-
tion shall unite as a principal in the bond to be given
and shall be subject in his own person to all the pen-
alties and punishments prescribed m case of any
delinquency or violation ot law, as required and pre-
scribed under the provisions of this section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I also move to amend by
striking out in line four hundred and thirty-
eight the word "of," and inserting in lieu
thereof the word "or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in lines five hund red and twelve, five hun-
dred and seventeen, five hundred and twenty-
three, and five hundred and twenty-five, the
word "assessor" in each ease and inserting
in lieu thereof " collector ;" also, by striking
out in lines five hundred and twenty-six and
five hundred and twenty-seven the words
"assessor of the proper district " andinserting
in lieu thereof" Commissioner oflnternal Rev-
enue;" so as to make the clause read:
No person applying to become a dealer in lottery
tickets, and paying a special tax tilerefor, shall have
issued to him a receipt for such special Lax uutil lie
has produced and filed with the collector of the dis-
trict in which he proposes to carry on his business a
certificate from the Commissioner of Internal Kev-
en ue that the manager or managers of any lottery in
the tickets or numbers of which he proposes to deal
have filed his or their bond, as required by the pre-
ccding*seetion, nor until hehas also given tothesuid
collector the duly executed bond, in the penal sum
of $1,000, ot the manager of the lottery in the tickcts
or numbers of which he proposes to deal, conditioned
that ho shall comply with ail the requirements oi law
pertaining to such business: and if such applicant
proposes to deal m the tickets or numbers of more
than one lottery he shall furnish to such assessor the
separate bond of the manager of each lottery in the
tickets or numbers of which he proposes to deal.
Such bonds given to the collector shall in each case
be approved by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, and executed in the form and manner pre-
scribed in this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the par-
agraph relating to distillers, on pages 24 and
25, by striking out the first proviso, as follows :
Provided, That alike tax of four dollars on each
barrel, counting forty gallons of proof spirits to the
barrel, shall be assessed and collected from the owner
of any distilled spirits which may be in bonded ware-
house, to be paid whenever the same shall be with-
drawn from such warehouse, under the provisions
of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move a further amend-
ment, to add to the paragraph relating to retail
liquor dealers, on pages 20 and 27, the fol-
lowing :
But any retail liquor dealer who sells only wines
or malt liquors shall be required to pay only one
half of the above rates of taxation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the par-
agraph relating to wholesale liquor dealers, on
page 27, by striking out in line six hundred and
forty-nine the word "fifty " and inserting'" one
hundred;" by striking out in line six hundred
and fifty the word " twenty-five " and insert*
ing "ten;" and by striking out in line six
hundred and fifty-one the word "two" and in-
serting "twenty-five;" so that the first sen-
tence will read:
Wholesale liquor dealers shall each pay $100, and
ten dollars for every additional $1,000 on all sales in
excess of $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have a further amend-
ment to offer to the same paragraph. It is to
strike out in line six hundred and sixty-one
the words "provided that" and inserting in
lieu thereof "and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM. I would like to understand
the effect of the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Ohio a moment ago in relation
to wholesale liquor-dealers. Does it reduce
the rate below the present law ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It does not. The amend-
ment brings down the rate to that fixed in the
existing law.
Mr. MARSHALL. Before we pass from
this I desire to ask a parliamentary question.
If this be inserted will it be in order to move
an amendment to strike out and insert " ten "
instead of " twenty?" Will it be in order here-
after, instead of the amendment proposed by
the committee, to strike out all after the word
"dollars," so as to strike out the tax on all
sales whatever?
Mr. SCHENCK. That will be competent
after the committee is through with its amend-
ments. A motion to strike out the whole para-
graph will be in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I understand it
will be in order 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
the amendment,.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means, on jiage 28,
line six hundred and sixty-three, after the
word "sells," to insert the word "only;" so
it will read:
Provided, That nothing contained in this act shall
bo construed to impose a special tax upon any per-
son who soils only wine made from grapes or other
products of his own growth at the placo where the
same is made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. The last amendment I am
instructed by theCommitteeof WaysandMeans
to move to this section is to strike out on page
28 the heading, "tobacco, snuff, and cigars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise tc
a parliamentary inquiry. We have been put-
ting in various amendments at the suggestion
of the Committee of Ways and Means, bj
unanimous consent. What I desire to ask is,
whether the section as amended stands as opei
to amendment as the original section wher
reported from the Committee of Ways am
Means ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will so con
sider it.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move, inline ninety
six, after the word "tax," to strikeout th<
words, " on so much of their deposits as thoj
have invested in securities of the United States
and on all deposits less tliau $500 made in tin
name of any one person ;" so the proviso wil
then read:
And provided further. That the deposits inassoeia
tions or companies known as provident institutions,
savings-banks, savings funds, or savings institutions,
doing no other business than receiving deposits to
be loaned or invested for the sole benefit of the par-
ties making such deposits, without profit or compen-
sation to the association or company, shall bo exempt
from tax.
Mr. Speaker, the purpose of this amend-
ment is obvious enough. I suppose these
savings-banks institutions are exempted iioin
tax on account of their benevolent character,
and I believe no such discrimination ought to
be made, as is done by thu words I propose to
