86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Navy-Yard at League Island—Mr. Scqfield.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
belligerents is a faction, an organized body of
people haying not the prerogatives of a State,
whether it be justifiable or excusable belliger-
ency, depends on the purposes which actuate the
belligerents, the ends they aim at, the cause
which induces them to draw the sword. As I
have once said, I repeat that if a sovereign be
the belligerent you cannot raise this question ;
but if anything less than a sovereign be the
belligerent, you are bound to raise the ques-
tion. Bach sovereign licenses or not such
belligerents, according as he approves or dis-
approves the cause. England's minister ought
to have conferred belligerent rights upon the
confederates if England approved the cause
of the confederates ; but I say in the spirit of
the dispateh of Secretary Fish, that when her
minister did that he put the character of the
queen and the peace of the realm at hazard.
Mr. President, I did not mean to argue the
Alabama claims. That is unnecessary. I
know that discussion is in very good hands.
I wapted to present these views by way of
showing to the Senate that if you will consent
to repeal these restrictions upon our trade,
upon our effort, you will run no sort of risk of
embarrassing the collection of the Alabama
claims so called. But since I have referred to
that dispatch of September 15, 1 wish to call
attention to just two other points in it. 1 was
glad to see in the dispatch that the British Gov-
ernment was invited not only to consider the
question of the reparation due to us for past in-
juries, but to consider " what changes in the
rule of public law" were advisable in order to
prevent like injuries in the future. Of course
the future is more important than the past. Of
course it is more important to both Great Brit-
ain and this Government, as great commercial
Powers to have neutral rights accurately de-
fined than that we should have, or that Great
Britain should retain any particular sum of
money, xlnd I will venture to suggest that
if the attention of the great Powers i3 to be
invited to a new definition of neutral rights, I
cannot conceive of two propositions which I
think more worthy to be placed firmly in that
code than this one which I have already read
from the dispatch of our present Secretary of
State, and which I will not repeat, and this
other proposition which I have not yet read,
but which I find in a memorable State paper
addressed by the Danish minister, in 1795.
When the British minister undertook to in-
struct Denmark that England's exigencies as
a belligerent made it necessary to impose some
restrictions upon the corn trade of Denmark,
Count Bernstorf commenced his memorable
reply with these most magnificent words :
" The law of nations is unalterable. Its principles
cio not depend on eircumstanees. An enemy engaged
in war can exercise vengcance upon those who forget
these principles; but in this case and without violat-
ing the rigid law a reciprocity of injuries may take
place; but a neutral Power which lives in peace can-
not admit, of nor acknowledge a compensation aris-
ing irom such a reciprocity; it can only defend itself
^L1?wmFa,rHaillty and by its treaties. It is notpar-
bemgerent Pow°er?"OUnCe iU rightS in ftm,r of any
• lf.we, areJto have anew definition of neutral
rights let that proposition go into the code
side by side with the proposition recently
announced by the Secretary of State. And I
was glad, sir, to read in that very dispatch
that while the President expected reparation
to be pade for the great injuries inflicted upon
American rights by the power of Great Britain
during the recent war, he did not propose to
hurry the making of that reparation. What
Lngjand did was the act of her ministry. The
British nation, like ours, acts through agents.
Or course the nation is responsible for the
misconduct of its agents ; but the nation should
never be dragged into war for the conduct of
its agents until the people themselves have
had time to deliberate upon the act and to
approve or repair it. I am heartily glad,
therefore, that the President allows time for
the British people to deliberate upon the ques-
tion whether they will approve or repudiate
Lord Russell's proclamation.
That magnanimity becomes the President
the more because it is in such sharp contrast
with the conduct of England herself on a recent
memorable occasion. When the sweat and
agony of the late war were upon us it was
thought an agent of ours committed a trespass
upon the rights of Great Britain. The com-
mander of the San Jacinto, you remember,
arrested a British packet-boat upon the high
seas and took from her decks two passengers.
They were subjects of our Government and
criminals against our laws. They were at that
time prosecuting a voyage in hostility to this
Government. Nevertheless the minister to
whom the management of our foreign affairs
was then confided thought the capture unwar-
rantable. But he seems to have been in doubt
whether to return the captives or not, and for
two reasons: first, because the American peo-
ple were, owing to the obnoxious character of
the captives, peculiarly gratified at their arrest,
and, second, because the Government of Great
Britain had once fought a war in defense of
her right to take her subjects from under a
foreign flag, even when they were not crimi-
nals and not pursuing measures contrary to
their allegiance.
Mr. Seward, therefore, could not well know
whether our people would consent to give up
the captives or whether the queen's minister
would demand them. It did not seem a flagrant
trespass ; no life was taken, not a drop of blood
was shed, not a dollar of property was sacri-
ficed. The act was not inspired by any ill will
or disrespect for the flag or the authority of
the queen. Nevertheless, the same Lord Rus-
sell who so promptly flung his mantle to cover
the nakedness of the rebellion did instruct the
British minister here to demand the return of
these captives. More than that, regardless of
what had been the British doctrine upon the law-
fulness of such capture, or of what might be the
opinion of the American Government and of
the American people, he instructed his minis-
ter that if Mr. Seward desired time to consider
the demand he could have—how much do you
think? Seven days 1 If within that time the
captives were not restored to the protection of
the British flag, his minister was instructed to
ask for his credentials and to return to London,
giving^ such instructions as might be needed
for British commanders within his reach.
Sir, I need not tell you that those captives
were returned, and I cannot tell you how
promptly they were returned without drawing
trom the vocabulary of those promptest of all
business men I know, the railroad conductors,
and tellingyou they were returned "on time."
We not only went down into the valley of
humiliation at the word of command, but we
went on the double-quick. How keenly the
mortification of that hour was felt you may
infer when I tell you that I saw an American
Secretary, as old as Lord Russell himself, with
great tears rolling down his cheeks when he
spoke of it.
The American people expect reparation for
that ^wealth destroyed, that blood shed, that life
sacrificed in consequence of the license which
the queen's ministers so eagerly threw to the
rebellion. But I am glad to hear the President
say that as we knew how to hurry in making
reparation for a wrong inconceivably small, so
we know how to wait for reparation for a wrong
incalculably great.
I commenced these remarks by an allusion
to Cuba. I must close with another allusion
to the same subject. I do not know that we
ought now to license Cuba as a belligerent, but
we ought to determine that question without
unnecessary delay. The President, in that very
dispatch from which I have quoted, has given
us the principles upon which we must decide
it. We must decide it in view of the "occasion
and the circumstances."
If in Cuba there is a Government which
claims to be independent of Spanish control,
if that Government has a military force fighting
in defense of that independence, if we believe
independence to be an equitable and just right
of the Cubans, and if upon our consciences we
believe they will make a good and not a bad
use of independence, we owe it to Cuba, we
owe it to the memory of our fathers, we owe
it to the cause of human progress, to issue our
sovereign authorization to the patriots of Cuba
to fight for that independence, And so to snatch
them from the category of pirates at once.
One thing more I cannot fail to add. If
believing all these things of the Cuban struggle
we refuse or hesitate to license it out of any
apprehension that we may thereby embarrass
the recovery of our claims upon Great Britain ;
or if we refuse to repeal these unjust and un-
warrantable restrictions upon our trade imposed
by the act of 1818 because of the same appre-
hension, we shall have surrendered that very
sovereign right of decision which we are told
the President is resolved to maintain, and we
shall have also renounced a sacred right of
neutrality which the noble Dane declared, more
than three quarters of a century since, it was
"not pardonable to renounce."
jVavj -Yard at league Island.
SPEECFI OF HON. G. W. SCOFIELD,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
January 21, 1870,
The House having under consideration the bill
(H.B. No. 480) for the transfer of the navy-yard from
Philadelphia to League Island—
Mr. SCOFIELD said:
Mr. Speaker: The extraordinary efforts made
to defeat this bill, regardless, as it seems to me,
of its merits or demerits, induces me to tres-
pass once again upon the patience of the House.
Almost everything has been discussed by its
oppoaents except the provisions of the bill
itself. Proposed or apprehended expenditures
elsewhere have been sharply criticised—per-
haps Justly; the administration of the Presi-
dent in every department has been arraigned,
as if to convert the opponents of the Adminis-
tration into opponents of this bill. Let each
matter stand by itself. If improper measures
are proposed there will be an opportunity to
discuss and expose them. If the Administra-
tion has been or proposes to be extravagant or
wasteful, it will be a fit time for animadversion
when instances are before the House. For the
present, it is enough to consider the pending
bill.
Now, let us see what this bill proposes to do.
For a long time the Government has felt the
want of a navy-yard in which iron and iron-
clad vessels might be constructed. During
the early part of the late war this want was so
pressing that steps were taken to supply it. It
was urged upon Congress by the Navy Depart-
ment. Commissions were several times ap-
pointed to select a site. Congressional commit-
tees were appointed to report upon it. These
commissions and committees, after roaming up
and down the coast and examining all proposed
localities, made their reports. Congress acted
upon them. Such a yard, it was agreed upon
all hands, should possess certain advantages.
It should be upon fresh water. It should be
inland, both to secure fresh water and to be
safe from a sudden attack of an enemy. It
should be near to iron and coal. It should be
near to a large city, where artisans, mechanics,
and laborers of all kinds, and where machinery
of every description, could be readily found.
