4876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
ma, subject to private entry, have been or shall be
withdrawn frons the market for any cause, such lands
shall nut thereafter be held subject to private entry
until they shall have first been opened for at least
ninety days to homestead and preemption settlers
and again offered at public sale.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, at rates
not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for stand-
ard lines, twolvodoHrtr&for township, and ten dollars
tor section lines, &2o,000.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move to amend
by adding to the paragraph just read the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That the Commissioner of the General
Lund Ottiec, in his discretion, may hereafter author-
ize public lands in said State, densely covered with
forests or thick undergrowth, to bo surveyed at aug-
mented rates, not exceeding eighteen do! lais per mile
for standard parallels, fifteen dollars for township,
and twelve dollars for section lines.
Mr. DA WES. There is no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Cierk read as follows :
For surveying tho public lands in "Washington
Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per
lineal mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
lownwhip, and ten dollars lor section lines, SJO.OUU:
Provided, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Ofiicc, in his discretion, may authorize public
lands in said State densely covered with forest or
thick undergrowth, to be surveyed at augmented
rates not exceeding eighteen dollars per mile for
standard parallels, fifteen dollars for township, and
twelve dollars lor section lines.
Mr. DAWES. In line seven huudred and
forty I move to strike out the word "Slate"
and in lieu thereof insert the word "Territory."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying \ he public lands in Nevada, ntrat.es
not exceeding Hfteen dollars per lineal mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and len
dollars for section lines, ${7,00): Provided, That
$17,0IX) (inoludwcc tha sum of $10,02.3, appropriated
by act of July 20, 1868) tuny boused for the survey
of the eastci n boundary line of said State; but no
higher sum that thirty-five dollars per lineal miio
shall be paid for such survey.
Mr. SARGENT. I move in linesevon hun-
dred and fifty-seven to strike out "thirty-live
dollars" and insert " forty dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move, as an amendment
from the Committee on Appropriations, to in-
sert the following:
Add to line seven hundred and fifty-eight—
For the sui ve> of public land* within the liiaiN of
the land pjmnfcof the Union Pacific Jljulroad (Join-
I>an\ in the Territories of Colorado, Wyoming, and
Utah, as lollows: t
i'or surveying tbepublio lands in the Territory of
Colorado, at rates not exceeding iilteen dollars for
standard lines twelve dollars for iown^hip lines,
and ten dollars for section lines, bl0,O(X).
For surveying the public lands in tho Ternloiy of
Uf :;h, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars for stand-
ard lines, twelve doli.uri lor township laics, and ten
dollars lor heetiou lines, 'riO.OOO.
For surveying the public hinds in ilio Territory of
Wyoming, at rates not exceeding liitecn dollars for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township lines,
and ten dollars for section line-, ^iO.OOU: 2'ro-oidnl,
That the foregoing appiopriation* lor survevs of
public lands within the limits of tho Union Pacitie
llailroad Company'sland grant shall beconditional
upon the compliance of said company or partv in
interest with the requirements of the twenty-first
section of the act of July 2, 1S01.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move io
insert after the amendment just adopted the
following:
For the survey of the public lands within the limits
of the land, grant to the Northern Pacific liailroail
Company, in a direct line, extending from ilulnth,
on Lake Superior, to Georgetown, 011 the lied Hivcr
of the North, at augmented rates, namely, seventy-
two miles of standard lines, at fifteen dollars per
lineal mile; eight hundred smd fil'tv milcs.of town-
ship lines, at twelve dollars per lineal mile; and
eighty-four hundred and seventy miles of i-uljdi-
v K-ionai lines, at ten dollars per lineal mile ; amount-
ing in all to §85.980: Provided, That before any land
granted to said company by the United States shall
be convoyed to any party entitled therctounder any
ol'the acts incorporating or relating t.o said company
there shall first bo paid into the Treasury of the
Unitod_ States the cost of surveying, selecting, and
conveying the same, by the said company or party
in interest.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I beg to state
that that is in accordance with the recom-
mendation of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office.
Mr. DAWES. It is agreed to by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the effect of this amend-
ment i3 that the company are to pay the cost
of the surveys, there can be 110 objection to it.
Mr. DAWES. That is the proposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. As 1 understand, there is
appropriated out of the Treasury for this pur-
pose §90,000 ; bat before this is expended 
Mr. DAWES. I will explain. The $90,000
will he expended on 'lie surveys. But before
the title to an acre of land passes to the rail-
road, or its assign, they must pay this money
back to the Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would submit, to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that inasmuch as
it is 11 survey purely for the benefit of the com-
pany t'ne company itself should be required to
meet, the expense of that survey.
Mr. DAWES. The statute requires that
the United States shall survey the lands. The
gentleman can see the propriety of keeping the
survey of their lands under the control of the
United States. It is in accordance with the
general system applying to all tho lands of the
United Stales, that they should iclain the con-
tiol of the suiveys. Were it notsothe utmost
confusion would prevail. When the charter
of the Central and Union Pacific railroads was
given it was provided, in tho very words which
arc copied here, that after tho surveys were
made the companies should pay into the Treas-
ury the expense of the surveys before the lands
went to them. We do not, find that provision
in the charter of the Northern Pacific railroad,
but we find a provision in their charter that
the United States must survey their lands.
We therefore copied out of the charter of the
other Pacific railroad the words which arc put
in here, so that, whatever is expended on these
surveys is to be refunded to the United States.
The United States will thus run the risk ot 110
loss, and will at the same time have control
of the surveys.
The question was put 011 the amendment
of Mr. Wilson, of Minnesota; and it was
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuing the geological survey of the Terri-
tories of the United Slates by 1'iofessor Jlayden,
under the direction of the rieeretary ot tho Interior,
$25,0tin.
Mr. MeCOIlMICK, of Arizona. 1 move to
amend this paragraph by striking out 1)00''
and inserting " ^50,000."
Mr. Chairman, among oilier measures which
I proposed to introduce upon coming here to
represent the people of Arizona, was one for a
geological survey of that Territory. The need
of such a survey I thus referred to, while acting
as Governor, in a message to the territorial
Legislature so long ago as in I8G0 :
" The mineral treasure; which underlie our soil,
prodigious as they are known to be, are nevertheless
na^oLbut in Hie infancy of then'development. A
portion of tiie Territory nearly as large as the State
of Xew York is yet wholly unexplored by tho wiuto
man. The propriety of petition in:,■ Oongres?, for a
gi oiogical furvoy will be among the subjects that
will come before you ior your consideration. In
addition to gold, silver, and copper, lead, zinc, iron,
cinnabar, alabaster, and marble, extensive deposits
of lime and of rock salt, the latter in a state of crys-
talization, and of a vnry superior quality, have lately
been loand within our borders. A geological survey
would largely hem fit the agricultural interests by
disclosing the different character of soils and their
adaptability to certain crops; would 111 a measure
determine tho extent of our mineral wealth, point
out the different kinds of rocks and veins and their
respective positions, give an intelligent direction t,o
mining enterprises, and furnish a mass of useful
scientific information accessible to all, which cannot
otherwise be obtained."
But I was met here by a request not to pre-
pare a distinct bill for Arizona, but to join in
favoring a liberal appropriation for the con-
tinuance of the geological survey of the several
Territories of the Union by Professor ITayden,
under the direction of the Secretary of the in-
terior, as begun a year or two since. This
appeared no more than a reasonable request,
and with an understanding that Arizona would
not be neglected by the professor, as it has
been by others, and the expectation that a
sufficient appropriation would be made to en-
able him to conduct his survey in more than
one Territory at, a time, I abandoned my pur-
pose. I now find that the Committee on Ap-
propriations has fixed a sum which seenw to
me Quite inadequate to insure the prosecution
of these surveys in a manner demanded by the
best interests of the Territories and of the
country at large. An examination of the geo-
logical peculiarities of our frontier possessions
should have been made many years since; but
inasmuch as it has been "delayed, no time
should now be lost in completing it, and that
in a thorough manner. Professor Haydeu,
in his letter to the Secretary of the Interior,
(October 15,3 809,) transmitting his preliminary
field report of the survey of Colorado and New-
Mexico, says the appropriation was so limited,
that had it not been for the kindness and gen-
erosity of the military authorities of the coun-
try he could have accomplished but a small
portion of the work.
Mr. Chairman, a nation claiming tobe liberal
and progressive should not hesitate to command
the valuable assistance of geological science
as an exponent of the mineral wealth of a
country. Germany and England were the first
nations to recognize the value of geological
science in this connection. ' The rival schools
of Werner and Hutton, although embracing
many errors incident to that age, have been
of immense value to the world, and by their
efforts an impulse was given to geological in-
quiry which extended across both hemispheres.
A recent writer remarks that—■
"The application of geology, with tl>p supplement-
ary science of mineralogy, has added millions of treas-
ure to the Grennan States. Ahncral wealth has been
discovered, commerce extended, new industries cre-
ated in localities which were previously deemed bar-
ren and worthless, mining schools have been estab-
lished, statistics collected, economical geology in
relation to mining has been fostered, science has
been enriched by new disenveiicv, and the horizon
of knowledge thereby extended."
Emulating these examples, many of our
States have, with a view of ascertaining the
relative value of their possessions, caused geo-
logical surveys to be made. To common sense
this would seem to be the duty of every State,
and more especially is this necessary when the
physical contour of the country gives evidence
ot mineral wealth. In the case of the Terri-
tories it becomes the duty of the General Gov-
ernment to bestow the benefits to be secured
from geological science. No districts in the
world present so inviting afield for geological
research as the mineral-bearing Territories of
the United States. Here nature solicits inquiry
in every river, gulch, placer, and mountain.
For the want of scientific knowledge and invest-
igation millions of dollars have been wasted in
the exploration of the Territories ; in looking
for precious metals where they were not to be
found, and in attempts to work ores which
could not under any circumstances be made to
pay. Jt is of the first consequence that the
men who are occupying and striving in the face
of many difficulties to develop the Territories
should be guided by the light of science, and,
in my judgment, the Government should pro-
vide such even at a large expense. No invest-
ment of the public moneys will be wiser or
likely to return a better yield. The Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] in one of bis
sensible speeches on behalf of a national school
of mines, an institution which might be of in-
calculable benefit to the country, and should
speedily bo founded, thus alluded to this mat-
ter ;
. It is important for the man who hunts for pre-
cious metals to know where there is a possibility that
they wiJ bo lound, and equally important to know
wa ere they certainly will not be found, if such knowl-
edge is attainable.
i experience of individual miners un-
uounteuiy assists in directing the attention of the
propp<*etor to the proper fields for his exploration;
but it ta ties j ears to acquire this experience. The
