187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2989
The school Bootion referred to in said bill is within
the corporate limits of Salt Lake City, and was cov-
ered with town site improvements before the Govern-
ment survey was mad©. The occupants having thus
made their improvements beforo it was school land,
are entitled to be protected.
The town site law of 18S7 would allow the same
amount of land to be entered by a city of five thou-
sand people as by one with three or four times that
number; a manifest injustice to the people ot larger
towns, and a provision tending to discourage rather
than encourage the development of the country and
the increase of our frontier cities and towns. As  
precedent, we would refer to the act of May 28,1864.
for the relief of the citizens of Denver, Colorado,
where existing statutes did not allow the entry as a
town site of an area so large as thai actually covered
by the improvements of the town.
The committee further report that, under the ex-
isting law, application has been made to enter two
thousand two hundred and forty acres, whioh includes
that portion of the city most densely populated and
oceupied by the more wealthy settlers, while those
portions occupied by the more indigent cannot be
entered, and thus the settlers more especially requir-
ing protection in their titles are to be aided by this
The committee would therefore recommend the
passage of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM B. CAMPBELL.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 157) conferring
upon the Court of Claims jurisdiction to hear
and determine the claim of William B. Camp-
bell ; which was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to give jurisdiction to the Court of
Claims to hear and determine the claim of
William B. Campbell for the loss of an unfin-
ished steamer, alleged to have been seized in
the fall of 1861, by order of General Grant,
while in command at Cairo, to prevent the
same from falling into the hands of the rebels
and being used by tliem to cross the river from
the Kentucky to the Illinois shore, and which
vessel is alleged to have been lost in conse-
quence of that seizure. And the court is author-
ized to hear and determine the validity of the
claim and the amount of Campbell's loss.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
george t. wiggins.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 674) for the relief of George T. Wig-
gins, of Keokuk, in thq State of Iowa; which
was read the second time,and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to George T.
Wiggins $300 in full for all damages sustained
by him in consequence of the seizure of the
Leighton House, in Keokuk, Iowa, by the mil-
itary authorities of the United States for hos-
pital purposes, in the year 1862.
Mr. HARLAN. It will be necessary to
change the phraseology of the bill now, as the
claimant is dead. I move, therefore, to insert
the words "heirs or legal representatives of"
before the name of George T. Wiggins.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move another amend-
mentto strike out" $300'' atwl insert" $1,000.''
I will not occupy the time of the Senate in dis-
cussing it; but I will state the qase in. two op
three sentences. Mr. Wiggins had rented a hotel
in Keokuk, Iowa, about the. time of the begin-
ning of the war. Immediately after the battle
of Pittsburg Landing a number of sick soldiers
were sent up to Keokuk for hospital treatment,
and there being no proper buildings there the
mil itary authori ties took possession of the hotel
and tumbled the occupant out with all hia furni-
ture and everything he had in it, and left him
without any shelter or ^ny place to put his furni-
ture ; and lie thereby, as every one must know,
suffered a great loss. Various parties estimate
the amount of damage he sustained, as I find
in the report of the committee. The lowest
estimate, that any one places it at is $1,000;
and I find among those who put it at $1,000
the name of R. P. Lowe, recently Governor of
Iowa, and who served for a long time as chief
justice of our Supreme Court, and I am quite
sure his estimate would be reliable. The claim-
ant has since died and left a widow and chil-
dren in poverty, and I think they ought to have
at least the lowest amount that anybody on
honor could say was the loss that they had
sustained.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, andthe amendments concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read : " A bill for
the relief of the heirs or legal representatives
of George T. Wiggins, of Keokuk, in the State
of Iowa."
seamen for tue navy.
The hext bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 653) to promote the securing of effi-
cient seamen fortheNavyoftheUnitedStates.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that that bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
united aid association.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(Si No. 583) to incorporate the United Aid
Association of Washington, District of Colum-
bia; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to incorporate W.
H. Wheeler, John S. Butler, John W. Smith,
William H. Wilson, George W. Barnes, Henry
Burrell, John N. Doster, David Warner, Isaiah
Bolden, John H. Digges, Thomas H. Evans,
Charles Herbert, John T. Mathews, William
H. Cole, Ambrose Queen, and their associates
and successors, under the name and style of
United Aid Association of the District of Co-
lumbia, with the powers of a corporation. The
object for which this corporation is created is
declared to be the establishment of a benevoj
lent institution for the relief of the sick and
burial of its deceased members.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that I
exactly understood the reading of the bill
Does it say that the object of this association
is to attend to the burial of its deceased mem-
bers ?
Mr. HAMLIN. And ta take care of them
when, sick.
The Sbcrsuart. Theaeeoad section of the
bill reads as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it furthtr enacted. That the object
for which this corporation iscreatedis declared to be
the establishment of a benevolent institution for the
relief of the sick and burial of its deceasedmembers.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not understand ib
fully. I thought it was rather singular if they
Were only to attend to the burial of deceased
members.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
bridges oyer alabama, river.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 263) to establish certain post roads in the
State of Alabama; which was considered a3 ia
Committee of the Whole. : It proposes to give
the consent of Congress to the erection of adraw?
bridge over the Alabama river, near the city of
Selma, by the Westers Railroad Company of the
State of Alabama, in accordance with an act of
the Legislature of the State incorporating the
company. Italso gives the consent of Congress
to the erection of a draw,-bridge over the Ala-
bama fiver, above the city of Montgomery, by
the South and North Alabama Railroad Com-
pany, in accordance with the act of the Legisla-
ture incorporating the company. These draw-
bridges are to be respectively constructed ia
such a manner as not materially or substan-
tially to obstruct the free navigation of the river.
Congress reserves the right, to withdraw the
assent hereby given, as to either or both: of the
companies, in case the free navigation of the
river shall be at Any time materially or sub-
stantially obstructed by either or both of the
bridges. The bridges, when completed in the
manner specified in the acts of incorporation,
are to be deemed and taken to be legal struc-
tures, and are, with the railroads of which they
are parts, to be post roads for the transmission
of the mails of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. When the proper time
Comes I think the title of the bill ought to be
amended. The title now is to establish cer-
tain post roads in the State of Alabama. The
object is to authorize the bridging of the Ala-
bama river.
Mr. WARNER. It makes the bridges post
roads in the last section.
Mr. POMEROY. But the title would lead
any one astray who was looking for the act of
Congress.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas move to amend the title?
Mr. POMEROY. I think the words "and
for other purposes" ought to be inserted at
least, or it should be amended so as to read,
"A bill to authorize the bridging of the Ala-
bama river." The Senator from Alabama
probably can suggest a proper title.
Mr. -WARNER. I, think this is tb,e usual
title. The bill does make these roads post
roadfi.
Mr, POMEROY. At least add the word?
"and for other purposes,"
Mr. WARNER. Very welL
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title of the
bill will be amended by addieg the words "and
for other purposes," if there be no objection.
diplomatic and consular systems.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 676) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United Stages," passed August
18, 1856, and for other purposes.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that bill will
create considerable discussion in tne Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. No; I do not think it
will lead to any debate.
Mr. SUMNER, ft. is a very important bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not object if it is
not to be debated; if it is. to be debated, I
enter my objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object now?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not, unless some*
body wants to make a speech upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be sub-
ject to objection at any time before final action.
The Secretary proceeded to read the tylL;
but before concluding,
Mr. PATTE RSON. That is a very import-
ant bill, and I for one should like time to look
into it more than I have had hitherto. I ask
that it be passed over. .
Mr. CHANDLER. It has been on the Sen-
ator's table for a month or more.
Mr. PATTERSON. That may be, but I
have not had time to consider it.
Mr. SUMNER. On March 17 it came from
the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was printed before
that, and was three months in eommittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire objects, and the bill will
be passed over. The Secretary will report the
next bill on the Calendar.
DARIEN SHIP-CANAL.
The nexit business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 160) for a survey
of a ship railway or ship-canal across the Isth-
mus of Darien.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that ought to be
referred to some committee. It has never been
to any committee yet.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the joint resolution.
Mr. SPENCER. I object to it.
