1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
It is for the Senate, therefore, to say whether
under these circumstances his is a proper case
for relief, or whether his name had better be
stricken out.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to have these
names stricken out because I find that there
will be difficulty in the other House in passing
this bill with these names on it, and I do not
wish to embarrass the bill.
Mr. BO RE MAN. I have some knowledge
of this young man, Mr. Witcher, and I am
satisfied that he has as much claim to relief as
many others upon this bill. There has been
the name of a late Cabinet officer inserted in
the list from Virginia. If an old gentleman
like him, a man oif large experience and intel-
ligence, having served in the Congress of the
United States and in the Cabinet, and gone
into rebellion, should be entitled to relief, it
seems to me younger men, who were in the
army and did some things that were objection-
able, if they have since conducted themselves
with propriety, ought to be entitled to relief.
I know something of the history of Mr.
Witcher. He was in command of a partisan
baud in our region of country, and did as much
damage and as much injury, probably, to our
section as any other man. I regarded him,
while the war was progressing, as a pretty bad
man. Since the war has ended, however, I
am informed that he has conducted himself
with great propriety, and if it is anything to his
credit I will add that I understand he was the
Republican candidate at the late election for >
the Legislature in his county. I think that if
he is rejected, we ought to reject many other
names that are on this bill. I admit that his
conduct was pretty bad while the war was pro-
gressing, but since the war has ended he has
quit war, as I understand, and behaved him-
self as a good citizen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The statement of the
honorable Senator from West Virginia is one
to my inind convincing in its character, and
will control my vote. He says that this gen-
tleman was a partisan in the late war; that he
did the Union cause much harm; that he gave
evidence during the continuance of the war of
his devotion to the southern cause; that he
fought you while he could, and now has given
evidence of sincere repentance, that strongest
possible repentance which lie could give, by
not only becoming a Republican, but consent-
ing to become a candidate on the Republican
ticket. This presents his claim Dot only in too
favorable a light to the consideration of Con-
gress, but in the most favorable light in which
it could possibly be presented. Now, sir, I i
shall vote for the removal of the disabilities of j
this gentleman, because of the very strong ;
testimony which be offers you that his conver- i
sion has been sincere. Sir, I think you will
need but one more illustration to show the I
entire impartiality of your action in these re- 1
inovals of disabilities, and that would be to
insert in your bill the name of your former
friend and associate in this body, Hon. Jeffer-
son Davis, on condition of his becoming a
candidate for office on the Republican ticket.
[Laughter. J
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. BOREMAN. I did not intend to do
any harm to the cause of this young gentleman
by suggesting the fact that he had been a can-
didate on the Republican ticket in his county
for the Legislature. I believe, however, that
my friend from Delaware does not intend to
vote against him on that account. I trust he
will not do so, at all events, and I should not
probably have made that statement, but that I
did intend to do this young gentleman justice.
As I remarked before, he was the com-
mander of a partisan band, and raided my
State from one end to the other, and did about
as much damage as it was possible for him to
do in that capacity; but my opinion is that he
has about as good-a right to relief as most of
the names on this bill, or half of them at least.
However, I leave it to the Senate to decide
whether his name shall remain or not.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I shall vote
for the amendment offered by the honorable
Senator from West Virginia, and upon this con-
sideration : I believe that every man in the
United States now by the Constitution and the
laws is entitled to all the advantages which this
bill will give; I therefore will vote for any
measure to remove disabilities from any man,
and I do it somewhat upon the reason of the
man whose property was stolen from him, and
who advertised that if the thief would return
it there would be no questions asked. Upon
that principle I intend to vote for all the
amendments.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to be under-
stood by the Senate. I have not deemed it a
necessary qualification for the removal of dis-
abilities that a man shall be a Republican. So
far from it, there are some thirty names in the
list from South Carolina, and not exceeding
five in that number claim to be Republicans,
which shows my status in regard to the removal
of disabilities. I ask, however, that these two
names be stricken from this bill for fear they
will embarrass the bill in the other House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina, to strike out two names.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have some names that
I propose to insert; I believe most of them
have passed the committee, but they are not in
the bill. I send the names; four or five are from
West Virginia and the others from Virginia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN. I find two or three names
misspelt. I suppose they can be corrected ?
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can hand his corrections to the Clerk.
| Mr. STEWART. Iofferthefollowingamend-
ment as a new section:
That all persons now disqualified to hold office by
the third section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States (ezceDt
members of Congress, judges of the United States
courts, and officers of the Army and Navy, who after-
ward participated in tho rebellion) shall be relieved
from such disabilities upon filing an application ask-
ing for such relief in any circuit and district court of
the United States. This section shall take effect from
and after the ratification of the fifteenth amendment
of the Constitution, and proclamation thereof by the
proper Department.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Does the Senator offer
that as an amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is offered
as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is in order. *
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope the Senator
from Nevada will not press the amendment to
this bill. It will certainly defeat the passage
of the bill. Let this amendment come up on
its own merits as a separate measure ana be
acted upon at some othertime. I move, there-
fore, to lay it on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend-
ment cannot be laid on the table without carry-
ing the bill with it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to say a word—
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the regular
order.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
from Nevada permit me to make an appeal to
him in a single word?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New
York is now in his seat, and on that account 
Mr. DAVIS. I have the floor with the con-
sent of the Senator from Nevada.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky is entitled to the floor, the
Senator from Nevada yielding to him.
Mr. SUMNER. But I rose to a question
of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts will state his questiou of
order.
Mr. DAVIS. A question of order on me?
Mr. SUMNER. The point was that I yielded
the floor, which belonged to me to-day, because
the Senator from New York was out of his
seat; but he has now returned. I do not like
to interfere with any Senator, but if agreeable
to the Senate I should prefer to go on.
Mr. STEWART. There has beeu a good
deal said since I offered this amendment, and
I should like to say a few words.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Nevada
yields to me to say a personal word to him. I
I do it by his courtesy. I think that the effect
; of his amendment would be to jeopardize the
whole bill. I honor him for the liberality and
i magnanimity that has prompted him to offer
i his amendment, and I appeal to him to with-
j draw it that it may not impede the passage of
j this measure through either House of Congress,
and to offer his measure in a separate bill.
Mr. STEWART. I do not desire by this
• amendment to embarrass the passage of the
bill. I desire to bring to the attention of the
Senate a proposition which, I think, ought to
be acted upon, and that speedily. The amend-
ment, as I have framed it, is general legisla-
tion, not special. The class that are excluded
for special consideration are men who are well
known, and Congress can act upon their indi-
vidual cases. By excluding all persons that
had formerly been members of Congress you
will also exclude all persons who held Cabinet
positions, because all those who held Cabinet
positions and subsequently went into the rebel-
lion had been members of Congress. It ex-
cludes members of the Cabinet and those who
were members of either House of Congress.
It excludes from the general provision all per-
sons who Tiad been officers in the Army or
Navy and judges of the United States courts.
A class of persons of that character could be
considered by special bill, because they have a
reputation that could be sufficient to predicate
legislation upon; but when you undertake to
predicate your legislation upon obscure per-
sons, when you undertake to discriminate among
neighbors who are obscure—not known except
to a very few people—you are constantly im-
posed upon. It is important that Congress
should not constitute itself a tribunal for spe-
cial pardons. The whole matter of dispensing
special pardons had better be postponed alto-
gether, and no more of these bills passed until
the state of the country is such that a general
bill should pass, or this amendment had better
be passed now. I shall not press it, however,
as 1 am appealed to on all hands not to embar-
rass the present measure.
I will not press it on this bill; but the time
must come when general legislation must be
had, and the time ought to speedily come when
we shall not undertake to discriminate upon
the evidence that we have here between A, B,
and C. The evidence is too defective. I
labored for nearly a year on this subject. There
were many cases before me, and I found that
the testimony was utterly unreliable. I found
men coming to me after they had stated the
most damaging things in regard to the charac-
ter of others, and taking those charges all back.
I investigated some of those cases of witnesses,
and I found that the witnesses had been tam-
pered with for very trifling considerations. I
found myself constantly imposed upon; and
the Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities will fiud themselves laboring under
similar difficulties. We should, as soon as pos-
sible, rid ourselves of this mode of legislation;
but in order not to embarrass this bill I will
withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada is withdrawn.
