APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
Ho. of Reps.
The Cuban Question—Mr. Cobb.
41st Cong....2d Suss.
stituents, will not suffer themselves to be trifled
with and their wishes ignored in such a man
ner.
Early in the present session of Congress I
introduced a resolution in the following words:
"Resolved, That the House of Representatives par-
ticipates with the peoplo of the United States in the
deep interest which they feel for the success of the
republic of Cuba, struggling to establish its liberty
and independence ; and that it will give its consti-
tutional support to the President of the United States
whenever he may deem it expedient to recognize the
sovereignty and independence of said republic."
I believe that I was the first to move upon
the subject in the present Congress. My pur-
pose was to gain from the immediate Repre-
sentatives of the people an expression of opinion
upon a point of policy perhaps foreign in its
character to some extent, but which concerns
nearly not only the interests and honor but the
imperative duty of the American people.
I had observed that the President seemed to
be backward and hesitating in his action in
regard to Cuban relations. Perhaps, in the ab-
sence of some direct expression of will on the
part of the Representatives of the people, it
was to be expected that the President would
observe in this Cuban matter the same cautious
diplomacy which usually obtains in our foreign
intercourse. I do not mean to intimate that
it is often proper for this House to express an
opinion meant to influence the foreign policy
of the^ Government—it is not always wise or
expedient—but there may be eases in which
such an expression of opinion is not only
proper but becoming the House, and I con-
sider the present question as one demanding
such an expression from us. The President
has eloquently and justly remarked, upon a
noted occasion, "This is a Republic where
the will of the people is the law of the land.
I beg that their voice may be heard;" and "I
shall have no policy to interpose against the
will of the people." Such sentiments are
worthy the man, and worthy the President of
the first and greatest country upon the globe;
and I believe that his Cuban policy would be
influenced by what he might find to be the
wishes of the people in the United States.
Ihis, sir, is purely an American question:
and we should be bold and open, as well as
defiant, in regard to all matters on this side
the ocean. The President could not be ex-
pected to be so unless backed and supported
by an unequivocal manifestation of the wishes
of the people. The failure of the House of
Representatives, up to this time, to take action
or put forward any views upon the subject has
been well calculated to deter the President
from a departure from that caution and hesi-
tancy which characterize Governments in their
foreign^ intercourse upon ordinary occasions.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, that this House take
such action, and make known to the world the
intense feeling of the American public in such
manner as not only to justify General Grant
m adopting a bold and positive policy, but to
make it obligatory upon him to do so, under
his express purpose to act in all matters in
deference to the popular will.
Tnere is no fact more evident to every ob-
server than that the country with great unan-
imity desires the independence of Cuba, and
wishes the Government to aid, by all proper
measures, m attaining that result. A refusal of
this House to give expression to the popular will
is, in effect, to stifle the voice of our constitu-
ents, and, possibly, to mislead the President. A
failure to take action promptly and earnestly
throws the responsibility of the past and present
policy of the Government entirely upon this
House ; for the President is evidently await-
ing such action before he can feel authorized
inmaugurating suchsteps asmay either directly
or indirectly aid the Cubans in their heroic
struggle.
What is now the duty of this Government? I
maintain that it is our duty at once to recog-
nize the belligerent character or the independ-
ence of the Cubans. The ultimate or immedi-
ate annexation of the island to the United
States I shall view as a matter foreign to this
discussion, and not attempt to enlist favor by
holding that the establishment of the independ-
ence of Cuba will be followed by its admission
into our Government. Such an event may hap-
pen, and doubtless will. The history of Texas
may be repeated. But there is a higher stand-
point from which this subject should be viewed.
The mere gain of territory becomes insignifi-
cant and mean compared with the appeals made
to our sense of justice and feelings of human-
ity. The Cubans base their claims upon the
eternal principles of right.
For my own part, if I were called upon to
decide I should unhesitatingly declare in favor
of the recognition of the republic of Cuba as
a nation of the earth. But it may not be
entirely clear in a strictly legal view that the
Cubans are no w entitled to a recognition of their
independence. I mean that this may admit
of argument on both sides. But I maintain
that the leaning of this Government should be
in favor of belligerency, and that the bare fact
that a reasonable doubt exists would be a full
justification for recognition of Cuban independ-
ence.
Leaving out,_ however, the consideration of
the more decisive step of recognizing the inde-
pendence of the republic, I shall briefly exam-
ine the claims of Cuba to recognition from the
United States Government as a belligerent.
There is no positive international law as to the
time when apeople struggling for liberty shall be
accorded belligerent rights. The prudence or
policy or interest of each nation controls its
action. The President takes this position in
his message, referring to Cuba:
ii." That this nation is its own judge when to accord
the rights of belligerents,"
Such has been the conduct of the great
Powers of Europe, Spain included. They have
recognized and aided revolting colonies when-
ever it has suited their purposes. Nay, more ;
they go further, pull down and set up Govern-
ments, annex provinces and peoples for their
own aggrandizement when it is safe to do so.
I call the attention of gentlemen to the con-
duet of France in setting up an imperial Gov-
ernment on our own continent in Mexico
against the will of the people, which was
indorsed, approved, and recognized by the
Courts of Europe. And the same Government
of France has seized large territories in Africa
and appropriated Savoy, with the consent of
Europe, Spain included. England, with the
consent of Europe, has pushed her conquests
°Yef a large portion of Asia and in every part
of the globe. Russia is continually doing the
same thing, and her sisters of Europe acqui-
esce. Spain, the arrogant mistress of Cuba, in
times gone by when she had the strength pur-
sued the same course and got possession of the
gem of the Antilles" by the same means,
all Europe agreeing.
This proposition, then, does not admit of
doubt or discussion, that the United States is
its own judge of the time when it shall become
fit to recognize or allow belligerent rights to a
struggling colony. Has the time arrived when
it can be extended to Cuba with honor to the
Government and in accordance with its known
principles of equity and right? The great
trouble, Mr. Speaker, seems to be, from the
language used by the President in his message,
tjiat the Cubans have not established the fact
that they are belligerents; that their revolu-
j.on,yis n0'" a war> & small movement of
disaffected persons, without organization or
strength, and easily to be subdued by the
Spanish authorities.
A distinguished Senator, [Mr. Sumner,] in
a speech delivered in the State of Massa-
chusetts September 22, 1869, taking grounds
against the Cubans, used this language :
"Belligerence is a fact attested by evidence. If
the fact does not exist there is nothing to recognize.
Ine fact cannot be invented or imagined: it must
be proved."
Accepting these doctrines as true, which
undoubtedly they are, it will be no difficult
matter to establish the " fact" that the Cubans
are belligerents, and carrying on a creditable
and successful war. It will be no difficult mat-
ter to show and to prove that they have a gov-
ernment organized and in operation, with all
its branches complete, and an army, officered
and manned and in the field, flushed with
repeated successes over their Spanish tyrants.
Yattel declares that belligerency is neither a
principle nor aright, but an act. As soon as a
party rises to arms and carries on a war it be-
comes a combatant, a belligerent. Taking this
definition with that of Mr. Sumner, who will
dare question the right and duty of the Ameri-
can Congress to extend its moral assitance to
the patriots of Cuba ? Are they not carrying
on a war fierce and sanguinary ?" Sir, did not
the Cuban insurgents "rise to arms "when
at Demajagua, on October 10,1868, they de-
clared their eternal separation from the mon-
archy of Spain and independence of its power ?
Did not they become "combatants," determ-
ined to conquer or to die, when in less than
three days afterward the districts of Bayamo.
Manzanillo, Jiguani, and Las Tunas joined the
movement and swelled the army of the liberals
to four thousand men ? This, sir, in three days.
Does it not seem like war ?
The force of the Cuban army to-day amounts
to not less than forty thousand men, and the
area of the republic, embracing the western
and central departments with a large number
of adherents in the eastern, will include two
thirds of the island. The Spanish Government,
recognizing what Mr. Sumner could not see,
the magnitude of the rebellion, has already
sent fifty-two thousand troops to suppress it,
and fifty-two vessels of war, carrying four hun-
dred and six guns. Such is the statement from
a Spanish source, from General Prim himself,
made in the Cortes on the 30th of last Novem-
ber.* And this is not all the force that Spain
has used in her effort to crush this revolution ;
for since the sitting of the present session, by
and with the consent of our own Government,
she has sent thirty additional gun-boats armed
with Parrot guns to help maintain her au-
thority in the island of Cuba. Does not all
this smell of war ? And the news of the recent
signal success of the patriots at Guarimaro
under our gallant countryman, General Jor-
dan, in an important and well-ordered battle,
bears with it the important truth that half-
armed and undisciplined, but fired with the
righteousness of their cause, the patriots of
Cuba are no mean matches for their Spanish
opponents.
We are not to determine the existence of
a war in Cuba by the magnitude of our rccent
struggle. Our own Army was larger than the
entire population of Cuba. We numbered our
battle-fields by the hundred, and our slain by
hundreds of thousands. And I fear that our
President, accustomed to a grand army of a
million men, may be induced to look upon
the forty thousand revolutionists of Cuba as a
small insurrection easily to be subdued. But
if the comparison be made between our revo-
lutionary struggle and that of the Cubans the
odds are all with the latter. With half the
population they have twice the army, and have
already met with fewer reverses and more suc-
m the sixteen months since October 10,
lob8, than our revolutionary army did from the
battle of Lexington to that of Trenton. But,
sir, in addition to their army in the field the
Cubans have a government, a constitution, and
laws. They have set themselves up free and
