1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3935
}ilr. KERR. I concede, of course, that they
are placed there primarily for the convenience
of the Government. But as is the case with
all such deposits, whether made by the Gov-
ernment or by individuals, they result second-
arily and directly to the very great pecuniary
advantage of the banks themselves; otherwise
the banks would not desire them, would not
Seek them, and would not receive them. But
they do receive them, they habitually receive
them, and are anxious to get them. They
consider these deposits a very great advertise-
ment for them, and always place in their win-
dows or behind their counters a notice that
they are national depositories.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. It' the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexok] will withdraw his amendment
to the amendment I will renew it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will do so.
Mr. HALE. I renew the amendment to the
amendment. This seems to be the old, old story
that we went over in relation to the tariff bill;
wherever a powerful and moneyed interest is
reached or sought to bo reached by taxation
a powerful opposition is developed upon this
floor. I understand from the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Scuexck]
that this is the only tax in relation to banks and
banking interests where the Committee of Ways
and Means propose to interpose; that this is
the only respect in relation to banks in which
' an additional tax is imposed, flere is an inter-
est that I believe, and I suppose the country
believes, has prospered to a greater extent dur-
• ing the last six or eight years than any other
interest in the conntry.
This discussion is not simply whether the
banks make a profit upon the deposit of na-
tional funds by the national Government in
those banks. I suppose the Committee of
Ways and Means considered whether or not
the banking interest could bear an additional
burden of taxation. The committee believed
it could, and so have put a tax upon deposits.
The proposition of the Committee of Ways and
Means is to impose a tax of one quarter of one
per cent, per month, or three per cent, per
annum. Tlie amendment is to make the tax
one eighth of one per cent, per month, or only
one and one half per cent, per annum upon
these deposits. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sohexok,] in answer to a question of
mine, has said, and I suppose that is the ex-
perience of everybody who has watched the
operation of these banks, that so iar as his
knowledge goes there is a scramble on their
part to become Government depositories. I
never knew anything to the contrary in any
case. Some one has said here that if you im-
pose this tax on deposits these banks will refuse
to become Government depositories. I for
one am willing to run that risk. I have heard
enough of these predictions from large and
prosperous interests, that if you do not give
them precisely what they want they will be
obliged to close business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Why not tax all the
depositsof thebankthieeper cent? Why make
this discrimination?
Mr. HALE. That is a narrow view of this
case. As to the question ot' putting three per
cent, on all their deposits, I suppose the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means did not believe that
it would be fair and equitable. It would ho
too large a tax to impose on all their deposits..
I suppose there are many men who believe that
in adjusting the burdens of taxation the bank-
ing interest, which has grown enormously rich,
which has made immense dividends, which has
saved a vast surplus, might bear a tax of three
per cent, upon all its deposits. But that is not
proposed by the committee. They simply pro-
pose a tax of three per cent, upon the deposits
of Government money; and this is really a
small tax—a tax which the banks can bear. It
seems to me eminently fair that the tax should
remoin at the rate proposed by the committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What can a bank do
with deposits of Government money upon
which it pays three per cent?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. As I understand the
amendment, it is a proposition of the chair-
man of the committee reducing practically the
taxes upon Government deposits from three
per cent, to one and a half per cent. Some-
time ago I had the honor to introduce in this
House a bill providing that no bauks should
be designated as public depositories in places
where there was a sub-Treasurer or an assist-
ant sub-Treasurer.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I voted for that bill.
Mr. RANDALL. The bill applied to but
thirteen cities. It was framed to carry out
what I believe to be a correct principle—that
the money of the Government should, where-
ever it is possible, be kept in Government
vaults, and not be put into the hands of spec-
ulating banks.. That bill was passed by this
House nearly unanimously; but it raised such
a howl from the banks situated in the thirteen
cities which would be affected by it that the
Senate buried the bill in the Committee of
Finance. This shows how little ground there
is for the apprehension expressed by ray friend
from Maine [Mr. Peters] that if we tax the
Government deposits in these banks the banks
will decline to receive the deposits. They will
do 110 such thing.
What do the banks do with these Govern-
ment deposits ? As a man of business and some
mercantile experience, I undertake to say in
answer to that question, that if a western bank
or an eastern bank has Government money on
deposit it sends it to one of the money centers,
Boston or New York, and there deposits the
money, upon which it draws four per cent, in-
terest. If the bank does not wish to do that, it
can buy Government bonds in New York and
draw the full interest upon them, and then, on
a day's notice by telegraph, draw against them.
I now yield to my colleague, [Mr. SoofieU). ]
Mr. SCOFIULD. As 1 look at this propo-
sition, it is in no sense what the Committee of
Ways and Means have denominated it, a tax.
It is not a tax; it is not even interest; it is
nothing but a proposition on the part of the
Governmentto the banks, a proposition which
the banks may accept or not as they see fit.
When wo impose a tax upon a bank we collect
it, whether the bank is witling or not; the bank
has nothing to say about the matter ; it simply
responds tu the call of the collector aud pays
over the money ; but by this bill we propose to
say to the banks, just as an individual may say
to a bank, " We have so much money ; it you
will pay us three per cent, interest we will
deposit it with you; if you will not, we will
either keep it in our own vaults or deposit it
somewhere else."
Mr. PETERS. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question—I will make it very brief. After
we have said to the banks that if they will fur-
nish proper securities they may have these
Government deposits, and after they have fur-
nished Government securities in accordance
with this understanding, is it right to require
them to pay three per cent, on the deposits of
Government money or have their securities
thrown back on their hands?
Mr. RAN DALL. Do we not allow the banks
six per cent, on the securities which they de-
posit?
Mr. PETERS. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scomeld] will answer my
question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not deem it neces-
sary to answer the question, because it^ has
nothing to do with this case. The proposition
to which the gentleman refers was another
proposition, which the banks accepted. We
nowpioposeto make to them a different prop-
osition. They are not bound to keep their
bonds in the vaults of the Government. Ihey
can come forwardand withdraw them any hour
they may see fit, returning the Government
funds which they have on deposit.
Mr. PETERS. The banks may have suf-
fered a loss on their investment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Now, then, we make by
this law a proposition to them; and the differ-
ent national banks in the different localities
will have an opportunity to refuse it or not.
Mr. LYNCH rose.
TheSPEAKER. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew it. Mr. Speaker,
I do not know whether we can call this a tax
or not; but it is very certain if these national
banks receive Government deposits at all it
will be to the extent of whatever tax we fix on
them. It is a tax to some extent. It is unlike
a tax on all banks. They are not obliged to
receive these deposits; however.
I wish to call attention to the course of legis-
lation in reference to these public deposits in
the national banks. When the national bank-
ing act was first passed all these national banks,
or almost all of them, were made public de-
positories for United States funds. We found
this practice, to a great extent, was abused,
and the result was that some years ago we
passed a law prohibiting national banks from
receiving public deposits in places where we
had a sub-Treasury.
Mr. RANDALL. It never passed.
Mr. INGBRSOLL. It passed this House.
Mr. RANDALL. But it was killed in the
Senate.
Mr. ALLISON. We passed it in the House.
Now, these national banks receive the deposits
which come from the pension fund. I speak
now of the various national banks in the coun-
try. We passed a law a few days ago in rela-
tion to the payment of pensions. The com-
mittee recommended to us that the pension
agents hereafter, instead of paying through the
national banks, should pay by drafts on the sub-
Treasury. That recommendation was adopted
by the House and the bill was passed. Why
was this done? Becausc it was considered by
the House that it was safer and more easy for
the agents of the United States to draw drafts
on the sub-Treasuries than to pay through the
national banks, and thus save in various ways
the commissions on these small sums. 'There-
lore legislation has been, so far as the liou.-e
is concerned, to limit the control of these
national banks over the public money. This
is a just and proper restriction. I believe the
Government of the United States can at all
times disburse its public money by a draft on
the Assistant Treasurers much better than they
can if the United States deposits are scattered
all over the country to the extent of811,000,000,
as stated by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] among the various national banks.
Therefore I shall vote for a tax of one eighth
of one per cent., as I think three per cent, is
too high. One eighth of one per cent, is not
too high a tax. I think, indeed, we might afford
to prohibit the national banks becoming depos-
itories of public money, andletthe Government
funds be disbursed through the sub-Treasuries
of the United States.
Mr. INGEIISOLL. The gentleman from
Iowa yields the balance of his time to me. I
desire to say a word in reply to the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. IIai.e,] to whom I concedo
sincerity, but at the same time I could not
help feeling that he had indulged in a great
deal of clap-trap when he charges those in
favor of striking out that portion of the present
paragraph which has been read as .being the
champions of these great money monopolies
in the United States. Now, Mr. Speaker, [
am no champion of the national bank system.
I have never been in favor of the national
bank system. 1 am not iu favor of the national
bank money, in contrast with the greenback
notes issued by the Government of the United
States. I should prefer, if I could have my
own way, that the United States shall issue
every dollar of currency directly from the
Treasury, and not through the national banks
of the United States ; and 1 am not certain but
