1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4879
Tiie committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 64, noes 53.
So tlie motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I move to
amend by adding at the end of line seven
hundred and eighty the following:
For enabling tho Superintendent of tlio Coast Sur-
vey of the United States to eoonerato with commis-
sioners instituted in the States bordering upon the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers, for tiie purpose of ob-
taining an accurate gcodetic and geological survey
ami topographical map of said States, and thereby
promoting the development ot thcmineral resources
of t he country, $50,000.
Mr. DAWES. 1 raise a point o-f order on
this amendment, that it is not in accordance
with exisling law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to provide a
law library for each of the Territories of Arizona,
Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming, the sum of $2,500,
respectively, is hereby appropriated.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Imoveto amend by
inserting after " Montana" the word "Utah,"
so as to include Utah among the Territories to
he provided with law libraries.
Mr. DAWES. Has not the Territory of
Utah a law library?
Mr. HOOPER," of Utah. No, sir.
Mr. DAWES. Then I hope the amendment
will bo adopted.
Mr. CHAVES. I move to insert "the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico," as the Territory of
New Mexico has never had a law library.
Mr. IIOOPEIt, ofUtah. Although theTer-v
ritory of Utah has been organized for some
twenty years it has not yet had any approprl
aliou from the General Government for a law
library.
Mr. CHAVES. Nor has the Territory of
New Mexico ever had an appropriation lor a
law library.
Mr. DAWES. I am really very much sur-
prised that the Territory represented by my
friend from New Mexico has never had an
appropriation for a law library.
The amendment of Mr. Hooper, of Utah,
was agreed to.
Mr. SPINK. I move to insert "the Terri-
tory of Dakota," which has never had a law
library.
Mr. DAWES. I do not understand these
statements. We received from the Secretary
of the Interior a communication stating the
fact that all the other Territories excepting
Arizona, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming had
been supplied with these libraries, while the
Territories referred to in this paragraph had not
received a dollar for that purpose.
Mr. SPINK. If law libraries are provided
for these other Territories, Dakota certainly
ought to be included.
Air. CAVANAUGIT, If lam permitted I
will explain exacLly how this matter stands.
All the Territories except the four mentioned
in this paragraph, Arizona. Idaho, Montana,
and Wyoming, have received appropriations
for miscellaneous libraries, although they may
not have received appropriations for law libra-
ries.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My impression is
that no Territory lias ever yet been supplied
with a law library.
Mr. DAWES. Let the whole of them be
stricken out rather than there should be any
uncertainty in the matter.
Mr. Ft'i CII. I believe that $2,500 were
appropriated for miscellaneous libraries for
each of the Territories except those named; but
no appropriation was maue for a law binary.
.Mr, SPINK. An appropriation of $'2,500
was made for the purchase of a miscellaneous
library for the Territory of Dakota, and the
monev was laid out for that purpose. If law
libraries are to be provided for other Territo-
ries, a law library should also be provided for
Da kola, and therefore I have moved to insert
Dakota iu the pending paragraph.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think there should
be a discretion between the Territories in this
matter. If the other Territories have had
appropriations for libraries then they ought
not to be inserted in this paragraph.
Mr. IIOAll. I move to insert after the
word "Interior" the words "m his discre-
tion." and to strikeout the words "of Arizona,
Idaho, Montana, Utah, and Wyoming," and
in lieu thereof to insert "which may not be
properly supplied so it will read:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior, in his dis-
cretion, to provide a law library for each of the Ter-
ritories which msvnot be properly supplied, the sum
ot $2,500, respectively, is heieby appropriated.
Mr. DAWES. If we leave this to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Interior his dis-
cretion would go down with to-morrow's sun.
// Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, it seems to me
'of the utmost importance that the precedents
established in our various Territories in regard
to conveyances and titles to land should be
uniform, and in order to secure that most de-
sirable end we should provide, for easy access
by the territorial judges, the highest legal au-
thorities. It is not a trilling question, but of
the greatest consequence that these Territories
should be furnished in the ou'set with these
law libraries. It will secure uniformity of de-
cision, and I hope the House will not thought-
lessly strike this out, because some Territory
which should be included has not been named
in this paragraph. If the Territory of Utah or
any other Territory is omitted, it can be added
hereafter. I withdraw my amendment, and
trust the committee will stand by the paragraph.,
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I move to strike out'
the paragraph, and I hope we will com e to a vote.
Mr. FITCH. I rise to oppose the motion
to strike out the paragraph. I presume tiie
fact (o be this, that all other Territories, ex-
cepting Arizona, Idaho, Montana, and Wyo-
ming. were given the usual appropriation of
$2,500 each i'or a miscellaneous library. These
four Territories had no appropriation for a mis-
cellaneous or any other library. We are giv-
ing them the customary appropriation, with the
difference that it shall be confined to the pur-
pose of law books which would be more useful
to the courts and people there than miscella-
neous books. It is not a good reason for strik-
ing out this paragraph, that the other Teiri-
tories have not had appropriations for lav/
libraries when they have had appropriations
for miscellaneous libraries. In regard to Utah
I should consider it very important that that
Territory should be provided with a law library.
Mi. DAWES. If the House will stand by
the paragiaph as it is then it is well; but if
they put in all these other Territories it should
be stricken out.
The question recurred on Mr. St'inx's
amendment.
Mr. SPINK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Swaxn* and
Mr. Kelsey were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 23, noes C9,
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MeGRE W moved thatthe committee rise.
The motion was disagreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 22, noes 80.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to strike out
the paragraph.
Tiie motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation id the clerks in the office of the
surveyor gcneial ot Kansas, to enable him to leplacc
ccrtam township plats and descriptive sheets de-
stroyed by lire in the haul otiice at TopeiuMil Novem-
ber last. $5,000.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move to strike that out. It
is provided for elsewhere.
The motion was agreed to.
Tiie Clerk read as follows:
To pay Paul S. Foi be-: the balance duo him under
contract with the Xavy Department for a steam-
engine for tiie Algonquin, ^27,233.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I move to strike
out that paragraph. I do so for the purpose of
saying that there are quite a number of private
claims introduced into this bill, and that, for
my part, I am unprepared to vote for the pas-
sage of these claims without further knowledge
in regard to their merits. It does seem to me
that such claims as these might have been sub-
mitted to the appropriate committees for invest-
igation and reported to this House for action.
It seems to me that we are unprepared to take
action upon these private claims introduced in
the way these are in an appropriation bill..
Mr. DAWES. When the Navy Department
is authorized by law to make a contract with
an individual, and they makeit, and the appro-
priation for fulfilling that contract is exhausted
before the full amount is paid, then the claim
for the payment is not a disputed claim, such
as those which go to the Committee of Claims.
\It is an authorized debt due the creditor of
the Government by the Department, and is
quite distinct from the cases which go to the
Committee of Claims. All that it lacks is an
appropriation. If we had appropriated to the
Bureau of Steam Engineering what they asked
for, they would have paid this claim without
saying a word to Congress about it, because
the payment would have been in fulfillment of
the contract made in pursuance of law. The
only reason why it comes here is because the
amount which was appropriated last year foi
the Bureau of Steam Engineering did not meet
all the demands upon that Department. It ia
just as much of a debt due this party as the
salary of the Secretary of the Navy is due him.
Let me read in regard to it a portion of a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Navy. He says:
"I therefore suggest that a sufficient sum be ap-
propriated by Congress to pay those claims, as now
ascertained, and I have written this letter in order
that these parties may not stand as claimants whoso
rights are disputed by the Department; but cred-
itors whoso debts are duo, and would be paid if tho
Department had the power to do it."
In regard to this particular claim I send to
the desk a letter of the Secretary of the Navy
to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Xavy Deiwhtmksi'.
"Wasiiixgtox, Aprd 22,1S70.
Sin: Under a contract wi^i Paul 8. Forbes for a
steam-engine tor the double-ender Algonquin, lor
S82.00S, there has been paid tho sum ot $54,66? bv this
Department, leaving a balance of s>27,3:!3 unpaid.
This balance is the amount of thirty-three and one
third per cent, which was retained by tho Depart-
ment oriffinalfy, pending tho trial of the machinery,
and as this cannot be paid by tho Bnreau of Steam
Engineering without using for that purpose money
appropriated ior other objects Mr. Forbes ca.n only
bo paid by special appropriation, which, in any opin-
ion, should he made to pay the above-named bal-
ance duo to Mr. Forbes on the contract.
Very respectlully, your obedient servant,
(iEOKGE M. KOliUSOX.
Secretary of the
Hon. II. L. D vv/ES. Chairman of the Comhidtee on
Appropriations, House of Iteprebcntativei.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I offered my
amendment chiefly for the purpose of eliciting
information. I now desire to ask the gentle-
man whether these other private claims intro-
duced here in this bill are based on contracts
il made by the Government, and whether they
have not been paid hitherto, for the reason
that no appropriation has been made?
Mr. DAWES. Every one of them, I believe,
is in that position.
Mr. MOORE", of Illinois. Then I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew it. I assert,
Mr. Chairman, that this claim is precisely of
the same character—and the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Navy does not change the char-
acter of it—that it is precisely of the same char-
acter as the majority of the claims that are
reported upon by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs and the Committee of Claims. They are
j claims for balances growing out of contracts,
i or claims arising directly out of contracts for
1 which there is no money appropriated, and
; the parties are turned over to Congress to get
! appropriations.
| Now, sir, we have here no report of a cotn-
, mittee on this claim. It does not appear from
1 anything that is before us when the contract
