3986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
it would be better for the Government of the
"United States, especially when I rfemember the
immense amount of Government money lost
by being deposited in national banks, as in one
of the banks in New Orleans and one of the
banks in this city. I do not know but it would
be better to require that the public money
should be deposited in the public sub-Treas-
uries and let the payments be made by drafts
upon the Treasurer of the United States, or
the Assistant Treasurers of the United States,
in the various cities. I did not suppose when
I made the motion that it would involve the
question of the profits of the national banks, or
any other question outside of the question now
in hand.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to reply to but a
single objection made by the chairman of the
Committee'on Banking and Currency, and then
1 will propose that we stop debate, not upon
tliis section, but upon this amendment.
My colleague from Ohio, the chairman of
tiro Committee on Banking and Currency, says
that it is very-disadvantageous to divide the tax
on these national banks, so that some is col-
lected through the internal tax system and the
rest through the Comptroller of the Currency, or
otherwise through the Treasury Department.
1 will say that that division exists now. We
are at the present time collecting the special
tax l'rom the banks through the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, and wo. are also collect-
ing the tax on dividends through that office.
The objection, therefore, goes too far. The
division already exists, and whether you adopt
this provision or not a part, will still be col-
lected through one bureau, and another part
through another bureau. 1 know that there is
,i struggle between those two bureaus. The
Comptroller of the Currency, wanting t.o ag-
grandize his office, desires that all the taxes
on national banks shall be collected through
his bureau. The Commissioner of Internal
Uevemie desires that they shall be collected
us a part of the system of internal taxation,
hi oil her so far has been gratified, and what is
imw proposed will not at all alfeet the position
of th.it question. 1 now ask that all debate
on the amendment shall cease.
Mi. GARl'TELD, of Ohio. 1 should like to
oiler an amendment.
The SPEAKtSlt. Thul, cannot be donewnless
the pending amendment to the amendment is
withdrawn. The Chair will State the position
of the questions before the llonse. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Inueusot/l] moves
to strike out certain words, which the Clerk
will read.
The Clerk read Mr. Ixoersoi.l's amend-
ment, as follows:
Strike nut, all after the word "banking," in the
forty-eighth line, to the word "States," in the iifty-
first lino, as lotlows:
And a tax of one lour th of one por cent, each month
on the average amount of all deposits of public money
in their possession to the credit, ot the Treasurer or
any disbursing officer of tho United States.
The SPEAKER. fending the motion to
strike out, the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Peters] moves to amend the clause proposed
to be stricken out by substituting the words
'"one twenty-fourth" for the words "one
fourth." And the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
8oin:.\c'K] lias moved to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Maine by insert ins* " one
eighth " instead of " one twenty-fourth."
Tin! question was taken on Mr. Soiienck's
amendment, to insert "one eighth" instead
of "one twenty-fourth;" and it was agreed
to, en a division—ayes sixty-eight, noes not
counted.
The question was next taken on the amend-
ment, as amended, to insert " one eighth" in-
stead of "one fourth."
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 51, noes 40 ; no quorum voting.
The SPJiAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Peters and Mr.
Randall.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 62, noes 63.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Ixgersoll's
amendment, to strike out the clause.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend the
portion proposed to be stricken out, by strik-
ing out "one fourth" and inserting in lieu
thereof "one sixth."
The question was put on Mr. Stevenson's
amendment; and there were, on a division—
ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question again recurred on Mr. Inger-
soll's amendment, to strike out the clause;
and it was disagreed to, on a division—ayes
38, noes 78.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend by adding
after the words "United States," in the fifty-
first line, the following:
And no national bank shall bo compelled to con-
tinue as a depository of the public funds longer than
such bank may elect.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that there is nothing in the existing
law compelling a bank to become a depository
of the public iunds.
Mr. PETERS. I beg to say to the gentle-
man that there is such a provision in the law.
And he will recollect that two years ago he
himself assented to the construction put upon
the law that any bank can be compelled by the
Treasury of the United States to act in that
capacity. Under the present law I say that
any bank is compelled to act as a fiscal agent
of the Government on the designation of the
Treasurer of the United States or the Comp-
troller of the. Currency. And the question is,
whether you will continue to compel a bank
to receive public funds and pay a tax on them
of three per cent, when they do not want them
and cannot make throe per cent, on them.
Mr. SCO FIELD. I would suggest to the
gentleman that he should modify a little the
language of his amendment so as to make it
rend, " a longer period than such bank may
contract for."
Mr. JNGERSOLL. I object to any modifi-
cation of the amendment.
Mr. PETERS. I prefer my amendment as
it is. This is not a case of contract at all.
The question was put on Mr. Peters's amend-
ment ; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I offer an amendment,,
which I send to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Insert the following, to come in after lino five hun-
dred and eighty-two, page 21;
Proprietors of bankinggames shall each pay $1,000
for each table on which any such game is played.
Every person who shall own or manage any game
of faro, raontc, rouge-et-noir, lansquenet, vingt-et-
un, or any other banking game played with cards,
cheeks, or any other device, or have any interest irx
the same, shall be regarded as a proprietor of a bank-
ing game.
Mr. SARGENT- Section ten of the bill,
page 35, reads as follows:
Sec. 10. Andbc it further enacted, Hiatthepayment
of any special tax imposed by this act shall not bo
held or construed to exempt any pcrso-n carrying: on
anybusinessfrona any penalty or punishmont therefor
provided by the laws of any State; nor to authorize
the commencement or continuance of any such busi-
ness contrary to the laws of any State, or in places pro-
hibited by municipal law; nor shall the payment of
any such tax be held or construed to prohibit or pre-
vent any State from placing a duty or tax on the
snme business for'State or other purposes.
Now, in this bill it is provided that the draw-
ers and managers of lotteries, and persons
engaged in several other businesses which are
generally prohibited in the States, shall pay a
certain tax. Now, there are some States which
legalize the very games to which my amend-
ment-refers, but, as a rule, the States prohibit
them as they do lotteries. It is notorious,
however, that they are carried on to a very
large extent; and I have no doubt that if this
amendment shall be adopted it will yield from
one to two million dollars to the Treasury, and
it will come from that source from which our j
revenue should b"e drawn as far as possible,
from luxuries, from taxes on vices;
message IltOM txie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goriiam,
its Secretary, announced that in the absence
of the Vice President the Senate had elected
Hon. Henry B. Anthony, one of the Sena-
tors from the State of Rhode Island, President
pro tempore of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the bill (IT. R. No. 97-1)
making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 20,1871,
with amendments, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
internal tax bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
internal tax bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I will state that my
amendment does not affect anything exccpt
what are called banking games : that is to say,
those games that are managed on capital, like
faro and monte, and rouge-et-noir and lans-
quenet, games where the bank is held by the
proprietors. It does not affect the smaller and
ordinary games of cards, even when used for
gambling purposes. It does not affect draw-
poker or whist or euchre.
The amendment was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, by unanimous
consent, the amendments of the Senate to tlio
bill (II. Ii. No. 974) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1871, were taken from the Speaker's
table, referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to he printed.
internal tax bill.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the internal tax bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to in-
sert after the words—
And provided further. That tho deposits in asso-
ciations or companies known lie-; provident institu-
tions, savings-banks, savings funds, or savings insti-
tutions doing no other business than receivms de-
posits to be loaned or invested for tho sole bonoiitof
the parties making such deposits, without profit or
compensation to the association or company—
the following words:
And not authorized to receive a higher rate of
interest on loans than the rate authoiiaed by the
general laws of the State wherein such institutions
are located.
I will explain that amendment in a moment,
so that the House may understand what it
means. The proviso to which 1 offer this
amendment excepts from the operation of this
tax savings-banks and provident institutions of
the sort here described, which is all very proper.
But 1 desire to say to the House that'during the
last three or four years there have sprang up
throughout the country a large number of asso-
ciations under the name of savings associations
and loan associations that are really doing a very
large business, and which have secured special
charters from their State governments, author-
izing them to receive on loans ten per cent,
interest. Por instance, I have here in my
hand a paper which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, showing that
since 1885 there have been chartered by the
State of Pennsylvania seventy-eight associa-
tions of that sort, and almost every one of the
charters has in it a provision that there may
be charged on loans ten per cent, interest.
The result in one instance, which was brought
to the attention of the committee, was that
the institution had more deposits than any
national bank in the city where it was located.
It had carried away the business, and uudcr the
provisions of its special charter was enabled,
under the name of a savings institution, to get
a rate of interest far beyond what the national
banks could charge, and far beyond what the
general law of the State permitted.
Complaints have been made from yarious
