2&48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareli 17,
can -compete without protection on equal terms
with .foreign nations in many branches of
staple manufactures, such as iron, steel, cotton,
and woolei}-. Their more abundant capital,
cheaper interest,, cheaper labor, enable them
to manufacture goods at one half the cost that
We can. Their artisans receive only a third to
a half the wages that ours do; hence it is that
their fabrics are brought to our doors and can
be sold at a much cheaper price than ours.
For instance, the average rate of discount
charged by the Bank of England on commer-
cial paper in 1867 was two and a half per
cent. ; in 1868, it was two and a quarter per
cent. ; and in 1869 did not exceed three per
cent., while our bank discounts were six and
seven per cent, for the same time, and where
bank discounts could not be had interest ranged
from seven to twelve per cent. The public
loans or consols of England do not average
much over three per cent., while ours averaged
nearly six per cent., the larger part of them
being at the latter figure.
A recent letter from Dr. French, of Liver-
pool, to Mr. Torrens, a member of Parliament,
states the wages of laborers there at 10 to 12
shillings per w.eek, about $2 20 to $2 64,
while the same class of labor in Germany is
17 to 24 cents per day, gold, or about $1 02
to $1 64 per week. The same kind of labor
with us would produce six to nine dollars in
currency per week. As to skilled labor the
proportions are about the same. But the free-
trader says, " let them come in with their mer-
chandise at cheap prices." It does well enough
for the importer to raise that cry, for the more
sales ho can make the greater will be his com-
missions ; but it would be death to the hopes
of the American manufacturer. By an inun-
dation of foreign goods our own manufacturers
are driven from employment, their workmen
scattered, and universal distrses spread through-
out the land.
When the foreign manufacturer shall have
thus secured the market and driven out all
competition he can and will then put his goods
up to whatever price he may desire, and what
we may have gained at firsjt in cheap prices
will be more than lost in the destruction of our
industry and the increased prices that the for-
eigner may impose. But why should we be
tempted by low prices to feed and clothe the
foreigner in preference to our own citizens?
Take iron, for instance, or steel, worth in some
shapes ยง100 per ton. The ore leave, or iron
in the mine, is worth from fifty cents to a dol-
lar per ton; the coal of the country is worth in
the mine from twenty-five to thirty cents roy-
alty per ton; all the rest of the price when it
reaches the consumer is for labor and the inter-
est or profit of capital.
The latest statistics of the iron trade, as
shown by II. McAllister, jr., secretary of the
United Stater, Iron and Steel Association,
show the great wealth to the country afforded
by the iron manufacture. He asserts that
nearly 1,000,000 persons are engaged in the
iron manufactures from the crude ore to the
finished article, and that the value of the iron
so produced is $000,000,000. In the manu-
facture of rails we have progressed from 87,000
tons, in 1853, to 580,000 tons in 1869. Our steel-
rail manufactories are still in their infancy
and experimenting tiieir way to ultimate suc-
cess ; and of 50,000 tons laid in 1869 we man-
ufactured 15,000 tons. Sixty-five new furnaces
are being erected; some are completed, and
almost all of them awaiting congressional
action before commencing operations. If that
action should afford them sufficient encourage-
ment they will '' blow in;'' if it does not, they
will not commence work.
Intimately connected with the iron manufac-
ture is the coal trade. Neither would thrive
without the development of the other. They
are mutually dependent. From Bannan's Coal
Register for 1869, it appears that in 1820 we
sent 865 tons of anthracite to market, and in
1869 the supply was nearly 16,000,000 tons.
The supply of anthracite and bituminous coal
in 1869 is estimated at 30,000,000 tons. The
quantity of anthracite alone mined in 1869 was
15,750,000 tons, of which amount 9,000,000
tons reached tide-water and 6,750,000 tons
were consumed short of tide. Of the latter
sum, perhaps 5,000,000 tons were used in fur-
naces, forges, bloomeries, and manufactories
of other kinds. Coal is power; coal and iron
are substantial wealth; they are the sinews of
war; they are the motors of prosperity in
peace, and contribute to national defense and
national welfare. To transport the aggregate
of coal to market there is invested in canals
and railroads $300,000,000. To mine the coal
and takeilto market there is required the labor
of 400,000 persons. On each of these persons
engaged in the iron and coal trade there are at
least two persons more, on an average, depend-
ent for their subsistence, making the number
of persons in the Onion who derive their liv-
ing from the iron and coal trades alone amount
to 4,200,000 persons.
I do not go into the statistics of the woolen
and cotton manufactures, because iron and
coal are extensive interests, in the support of
which the prosperity of my State is deeply
involved, and because the principles which
govern them will govern the rest of the man-
ufacturing industry of the country, and need
no further exposition. To the manufacturing
interests of the country much of the progress
of railroad development is due ; for manufac-
tures make markets for agricultural products,
and the freight on agricultural produce and
manufactured articles pours into railroad treas-
uries three fourths of their revenues. In 1850
wo had but 9,000 miles of railroads; in 1860
we had 30,000 miles; and in 1870,49,000 miles,
created at a cost of ยง2,212,000,000.
In my district free trade, even a low tariff,
would bo ruinous. Seven thousand workmen
there swing the hammer, roll the rails, make
iron girders and bridges, build ships, tend the
looms, or pursue other branches of mechanical
industry. On them depend for a living at
least 30,000 people more. These workmen
receive good wages, have comfortable homes,
take the newspapers, arc enlightened and intel-
ligent citizens, and in the enjoyment of an excel-
lent living. The farmers for miles around our
manufactories find there a ready market for
the produce of their farms and gardens, and
return home with the results of their sales
realized in cash. One half of my district finds
a good market at these places; but if wo allow
these manufactories to be destroyed by free
foreign competition then the workmen and the
farmers suffer together. Many millions of cap-
ital are invested in these operations which a
low tariff would drive out of occupation, or
bring into competition with other branches of
industry, to the disadvantage, perhaps the ruin,
of both. We export cotton say at twenty-five
cents per pound; we import it again in fine
fabrics at five dollars per pound. The differ-
ence between the two amounts is the price of
labor and the profit of capital paid by us to the
foreigner. Why should we not give that differ-
ence to our own citizens and keep it here ? In
my opinion our tariff laws should always be so
adjusted that with our heavy crop of the best
cotton in the worldat our doors we should make
every_ article of that material that we have
occasion to use or wear.
The western farmer has been deluded into
the belief that by a low tariff he can get iron
rails for his railroads cheap, and that it would
be better for him to have the foreign than the
domestic article. The cheapest rails are not
always the best; and experience has shown that
our own rails have greater firmness and tena-
city, last longer, and are cheaper in the long run
than the foreign rails.
Wheat in the West is at a low figure, and so
low that the farmers complain. It is their sta-
ple, and their prosperity depends on fair crops
and good prices. The crops depend upon the
skill of the farmer and the favor of God in His
dispensation of the seasons. Theprices depend
upon demand, supply, and the cost of transport-
ation. The foreign market regulates, in a
considerable degree, the price of wheat on the
prairies. Mark lane^too often rules Chicago.
This would not be if we were wise. Our wheat
comes now in competition with wheat that is
brought more cheaply than ever to the English
market by new railroads just completed in east-
ern Europe. Hence the demand abroad for
our grain is growing less annually. If there
should be an abundant harvest in Europe the
prairie farmer will get but a low price for his
surplus wheat. His market abroad is preca-
rious. One third to a half of the value of his
wheat and cattle is lost in the long transporta-
tion to the sea-board. Wheat sells in Chicago
and St. Louis for seventy-five to eighty cents
per bushel; in New York, Philadelphia, and
Baltimore it sells from $1 20 to $1 26.
Live cattle sell in Chicago "at $6 40 to
$7 25 for good to choice shipping steers;"
in New York, at $14 25 to $15 for same arti-
cle. The difference in these prices is the cost
of transportation. It comes off the farmer.
If he wants New York prices, and to save this
expense, he must establish a market at home.
With abundance of iron, limestone, and coal
in his native hills; with cotton cheap and easy
of transportation by the Mississippi or by rail
to his door, his true policy is to have manu-
factures of iron, cotton, and woolen estab-
lished near him, and these will afford him
good markets for his produce at small cost of
transportation, and at the same time furnish
him with manufactured articles at home as
cheap if not cheaper than if they were trans-
ported from abroad. In 1869 we imported
$417,000,000 of merchandise, and exported
3329,000,000, specie value; leaving balance
against us $88,000,000, which we had to liqui-
date with coin and bonds.
The heavy balances that arc annually accu-
mulating against us abroad might readily be
turned in our favor by drawing off a portion
of the capital and men engaged in agriculture
and turning them to manufactures. By so doing
the remaining farming interest would find a
better market. The western farmer will then
find his best interest in a protective tariff. The
Governor of Missouri, in his late message,
comprehends the situation well. He says:
" I hope what are called free-trade movement?
may be regarded with suspicion. Should in remote
years tree-traders be successful, and the manufac-
turers of our country be broken down and our whole
population become agriculturists withouthome mar-
kets, we will see the beauty of free trade when wo
are left to choose between Europe, Asia, and South
America, and give our entire products to pay trans-
portation."
The Governor of Wisconsin also is in favor
of protection. The State convention of Indiana
has repudiated free trade and demands pro-
tection, and the iron and copper interests of
the West insist upon it.
A low tariff increases our national debt by
the excessive importations it induces. Our
imports greatly exceed our exports. Mr. Wells
says $1,465,000,000 in national, State, muni-
cipal, and railroad bonds have gone abroad
since 1863. The Treasury returns show that
$425,000,000 in gold were exported in the same
time, making SI,890,000,000, or at the rate
of $270,000,000 per annum, as I have had
occasion to say heretofore. For what purpose
did they go abroad? It was in payment of
balances due. Part of these payments arose
from excess of imports over exports, part
from freights, part from undervaluations, part
from smuggled goods, and part from money
carried abroad by travelers. Three fourths
of that money and those securities could have
been kept at home if we had been our own
manufacturers for those things which we could
make ourselves. With such an annual indebt-
edness accumulating against us it is idle to
hope to maintain specie payments when we
have resumed. Our protective tariffs have
been followed by prosperity; our tariffs 'for
revenue only by adversity.
