4880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
was made what were the terms of the contract,
whether the engine answered the conditions of
the contract or not; whether the contract was
carried out in conformity with its terms. I
iind that when a man wants to get a claim
through his best course is to get it before the
Committee on Appropriations. I advise mem-
bers of Congress, if they have any claims from
their States which they desire to get through
ahead of all other claims, to get on the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. Here you will find
running on through this bill claim after claim
from Massachusetts. Just now we had one
here from California, which is represented on
that committee by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Sakgext.]
Now, it has already appeared here before
the House that when the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] reported this bill and
was asked if it contained any special legisla-
tion which is not authorized by the rules, with
a view to saving the right to make points of
order, he said no, not to his recollection, except
in the interest of economy, and we all pricked
up our ears and feltgood overit. I remember
to have heard him say it distinctly. My friend
did not remember that here was claim after
claim. The very next paragraph is to pay a
balance due to some one in Massachusetts for
cannon. And then there is a claim of Larkin.
I do not know where he comes from. And
then there is the claim of E. M. Sargent. The
gentleman says that these are all liquidated
claims which have not been paid because the
appropriations ran out.
Now, this claim of Sargent's arose in this
way, for it was before my committee during
the last Congress: he took a contract to carry
the mail when the railroad refused to carry it,
and he got ready and carried it for a short
'line. The usual contract was made between
him and the Department, that whenever they
could get the mail carried cheaper they might
do so. The railroad came to terms finally, and
they were employed to carry the mail. Sargent
comes and claims that in order to carry out his
contract he bought more horses than he would
otherwise have done, and that he was damaged
to the amount of $2,000. That is the charac-
ter of "liquidated claims" that cannot be
paid, because there is no appropriation, and
which are slipped in in an appropriation bill!
I am inclined to think my friend, like Joe Bag-
stock, is "sly, devilish sly." [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois is so constituted that he can believe no-
body else honest, I have nothing further to say
to him. Sir, ho charges the Committee on
Appropriations with fraud on this House by
reporting these bills, when 1 have put upon
record the call upon the committee by the Sec-
retary of the Navy. Who Paul S. Forbes was
I never know till he came with that letter to
the committee-room. Where he lives I do not
know to-day. The next one which he chaiges
on Massachusetts I do happen to know does
not live in Massachusetts. If the amount of
honesty in this House is to be measured by the
gentleman from Illinois or his standard of
morals, I have nothing further to say. If the
House does not believe the Secretary of the
Navy when he says that in pursuance of a law
authorizing the building of steamers to put
down the rebellion, his predecessor did make
a contract with Paul 8. Forbes for a given sum
to build a certain steamer, and paid him all
but $27,000 of that sum, and did not pay that
only because he had not money enough, so be it.
If the gentleman from Illinois does not know
whether it is honest or not to pay that debt, I
beg of him to go home and study the plainest
code of morals that other persons all around
him are in the habit of reading and acling by.
If the theory that the gentleman from Illinois
goes on is to keep out of their just claims
everybody he can, and hunt around for some
evil motive in the breasts of the committee who
have followed the recommendation of the Sec-
retary in reporting this appropriation, he may
urge it upon the House as much as he pleases,
and the House may follow him if they wish;
I have not a word to say; and I will say no
more in behalf of any of these claims. 1 put
it on record that the Department which is re-
sponsible for them tells you that these men are
not claimants, but creditors of the Govern-
ment, who have not been paid because there
was no appropriation for it, and I have no
further defense to make of the Committee on
Appropriations against any accusations of this
kind.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH." I move a formal
amendment, that I may make a few remarks.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have not accused any-
body, and the unusual wrath and excitement
displayed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts was entirely unnecessary. I have only
said that it seems, from this school of claims
put into this bill, that it is very important to a
member of Congress to be upon that particular
committee which has the advantage ot'all other
committees in the right to report at any time,
and where he can put claims into a general
appropriation bill. Now, in the first place, the
gentleman from Massachusetts has reported
in this bill what he was not authorized to report
under the rules of the House, as he knows very
well.
There is the first presumptive evidence against
him. lie has put into this bill what the rules
of this House have very wisely precluded, and
what they would not have allowed to remain
in this bill if it had been read in the House,
and points of order could have been made on it.
Mr. DAWES. Not this claim.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. This claim among
others, for it is a private claim.
Mr. DAWES. No, sir.
Mr. FAllNSWOKTH. Private claims are
excluded from appropriation bills by the rules
of the House, for these appropriation bills are
intended merely to furnish the means l'or carry-
ing out existing laws. And notwithstanding the
Secretary of the Navy may have recommended
it, I say it is nothing but a private claim and
should not be in an appropriation bill. It is
like nearly all other private claims that come
before the House. Now, if this contract was
so valid, as no doubt it was, and if the con-
tractor was so honest, as he no doubt was, and
the thing was so plain, as no doubt it was, then
why was it not sent to the proper committee,
to the Naval Committee, the one which should
investigate all these naval contracts ? Why did
you not send it tothatcommitt.ee, as you sent
the claims of some men from Illinois for build-
ing gun-boats, and as you have sent other claims
of other persons? Why was this particular
claim singled out in this way?
Mr. SARGENT. Because it was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How?
Mr. RARGiiNT. By the House.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Who had it so re-
ferred ?
Mr. SAI'GENT. I do not know.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. Is it in the book of
estimates ?
Mr. SARGENT. No; it was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations by the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. By some one who
was interested in it, of course, who had referred
the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury—
somebody who wanted it to go there; just as all
other claims are referred, by the man himself,
or his principal, or somebody who represents
him. And I say that the man who has a friend
on the Committee on Appropriations who can
put his claim in an appropriation bill has an
unfair and an unauthorized advantage over
other claimants. They should all stand upon
the same footing.
1 do not presume that every man with a
claim is dishonest. My friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] took unnecessary um-
brage at my remarks. I only said that this
bill would appear to imply certain things, and
that the fact that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] said
to the House that, there was not, so far as he
could recollect, a single appropriation or pro-
vision in this bill that was special legislation,
or was not in the interest of economy, was a
little sly— just a little bit. Why are all these
claims put in this bill, unliquidated claims,
claims in the nature of damages, not under
contracts at all ? Here is one which has been
before the Post Office Committee, which we
found to be unauthorized, and in tavor of
which we could not report. I am told that the
same ease was before the Committee oil Ap-
propriations of the last Congress, and they
excluded it from the appropriation bills of
last year. But although unsuccessful hereto-
fore, he goes to the Appropriation Committee
of this Congress and gets his claim put in
this bill.
Mr. DAWES. Now let us have the judg-
ment of the House.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. Yery well.
The question was then taken upon striking
out the paragraph in relation to Paul S. Forbes;
and upon a division there were—ayes 47,
noes <0.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows :
To pay to IToratio Ames the mnount now due him
for wrought-iron rifled guns made by him tor the
Wavy by order of the Bureau of Ordnance, and tested
and acecpted by them, 672,000 3S.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I move to strike
out the paragraph just read, for the purpose of
calling attention to the fact that I asked the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Dawes] if all the claims in this bill were
based upon contracts with the Government and
had not been paid for want of former appro-
priations. Now, it seems to me the plainest
thing in the world, upon the very face of it, that
this is a claim precisely like many others that
have been referred this session to the Commit-
tee of Claims; and I believe but one of the
claims so referred has been allowed, and that
was one which I reported the other day.
It does seem to me that such a claim a3 this
ought to have gone before the Committee of
Claims, or some other committee which could
have examined it and reported upon its merits.
I have no disposition whatever to make any crit-
icism upon the conduct of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes;]
I have no allegations to make. But I know that
Congress is besieged by a multitudinous set of
claimants, private citizens, urging their claims
before committees, and receiving all the con-
sideration which those committees can bestow
upon them ; and I insist it is unfair that these
claims should be brought in here tacked to an
appropriation bill. Let them, like other sim-
ilar claims, go to a cojnmittee, to be adjudi-
cated and reported upon, and to be acted on
in the House upon their individual merits.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I feel it,
sir, my duty to say a few words with reference
to this claim, because it has been examined
by a committee of this House and a commit-
tee of the Senate. The claimant is not a Mas-
sachusetts man ; he comes from the State of
Connecticut. If he came from the State of
Nevada I should wish to give him the same
fair hearing.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I desire to say
that I make no attack upon any claim of this
kind in consequence of its originating in Mas-
sachusetts or anywhere else. I would pay a
Massachusetts claim as readily as an Illinois
claim if I knew it to be just.
Mr. BUTLER., of Massachusetts. I desire
to say further, that this claim was fully and
thoroughly investigated; and in the judgment
of the committee that examined it avery much
larger sum was due this gentleman than is re-
ported in this bdi. The examination of which
1 now speak was made by the joint Committee
on Ordnance in tl« last Congress. The mat-
