90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 16,
Senate.
San Juan Island—Mr. Howard.
41st Cong 1st Sess.
have planted a desire for independence in the
breast of every patriot Cuban. We are in
effect responsible, and we should be prond that
we are morally responsible for their present
revolt. When until now has any one thought
of deserting an oppressed people who have
entered upon a struggle for their liberty under
the incentive of our example? Such has never
been the conduct of this Government, and I
trust that in the day of its greatest power such
will not be its conduct now.
Every impulse for political and religious
liberty that exists in the hearts of the white
population of Cuba was implanted there by us.
Every hope that tends to lighten the hearts of
the bleeding slaves of Cuba has been held out
to them by us. Shall we desert them when
they have manfully arisen to assert their claims
upon humanity, and placed themselves in a
condition when we may rightfully extend to
them the aid which our position and avowed
principles have promised them? They have
assumed belligerency and maintained the as-
sumption with their blood and their treasures
for sixteen months that they might afford us
justification to intervene in their behalf. They
have laid waste their fields, taken their wives
and children to suffer hardships and wants in
the recesses of their mountains, and have borne
all that human nature was able to sustain
that, the opportunity might be given us of
holding out encouragement and relief, and to
add to our glory before the world and posterity.
Shall we doggedly and disgracefully refuse to do
our duty, now that they have prepared a fitting
occasion for us to act ? My name shall never be
recorded in the pages of this country's history
as having been derelict in a duty so incumbent
upon me as a Representative of the American
people; and whatever other failure in duty may
be laid to my charge upon this floor, it shall
never be urged_ against nie that I was unwilling
to raise my voice or give my vote for liberty
against slavery, for truth against error, for
America against Spain.
Cuba will be free. J t is already traced upon
the history of the future. The great God of
nations will not permit a brave and heroic
people, struggling for the freedom which is the
inherent right of every man whom He has cre-
ated, to be crushed beneath the heel of tyranny.
He will strengthen their hearts and nerve their
arms; and, putting their trust in His overruling
providenceandtherighteousnessof theircause,
enduring all, suffering all. and daring all, they
are determined to break forever the manacles
which bind them to oppression and despotism.
They see the bright goal in the near distance,
and with all heart, soul, and strength mean
to reach it. The right will prevail.
Sail Juan Island.
SPEECH OF HON. JACOB M. HOWARD,
of michigan,
Ik Executive Session of the Sen'ate,
■April 16, 1869.
The Senate, being in executive session on the pro-
posed treaty with Great Britain of January 14, 1869
for the settlement, by arbitration, of the water-
boundary line between the United States and Great
Uritam in Puget sound, the injunction of secrecy
having been removed February 4,1870—
Mr. HOWARD said:
Mr. President: The island of San Juan is
one of the numerous group of islands in Paget's
sound, on the Pacific coast. On the west it
is separated from Vancouver's Island by the
channel known as the straits of Haro, and lies
about* fifteen miles from the southern extremity
of \ ancouver. It is about fifteen miles lon^
and on an average six or seven miles broad"
It has a good soil and a plenty of timber, as
well as extensive quarries of limestone. By
our countrymen this island has been claimed
to belong to the United States, under the
boundary treaty between us and Great Britain,
of June 15th, 1846. , It at first fell within the
limits of Oregon Territory, and was embraced
within one of its counties. Territorial taxes
were levied and collected there upon property
belonging to the Hudson Bay Company, as
well as that of American settlers.
In 1859 a dispute arose as to the rightful
jurisdiction of the United States over the
island. A Scotchman had an unruly pig that
gotinto the potato patch of a Yankee settlerand
did him damage. The Yankee remonstrated
once and again with the Scotchman, but to no
effect; and, losing his patience, as he should
not have done, he took his rifle and shot the
animal. A warrant was at once issued for his
apprehension by aBritish magistrate at Victoria
on Vancouver's Island; and a Mr. Dallas, son-
in-law of Mr. Douglas, Governor of British
Columbia, came over from Victoria to aid in
making the arrest, threatening to take the de-
fendant and carry him over to Victoria for trial.
The_ defendant denied the jurisdiction of the
British authorities, and refused to be arrested;
he protested that the island was American soil,
on which British process could not be served,
and stubbornly refused to be tried by a British
court on Vancouver's Island. The controversy
waxed warm. He was told he had shot his
neighbor's pig. He admitted it, and offered to
pay the owner twice the value of the pig, but
as for being taken over to Vancouver for trial
he would not, and told Mr. Dallas plainly that
if he attempted to seize him for that purpose
he would use the same rifle in shooting him
and the officer holding the warrant.
The parley ended here. No attempt was
made to seize him. But the event seems to
have occasioned a sensation in Victoria as well
as on the island. General Harney, command-
ing the department, ordered a company of
American troops at Fort Bellingham to be
posted on San Juan to protect the American
settlers from such outrages, as well as from the
depredations of marauding Indians from the
north. The captain of this company was im-
mediately warned off the island by the agent
of the Hudson Bay Company. He of course
disregarded the warning; and thereupon three
British ships of war approached the island in a
menacing manner. But this attempt to intimi-
date did not move Captain Picket. He still
remained at his post on the island, within short
range of the British guns. Governor Douglas
thundered forth a proclamation that the " sov-
ereignty of the island of San Juan and of the
whole of the Haro Archipelago has always been
undeviatingly claimed in the Crown of Great
Britain," and that the " sovereignty thereof
by right now is and always hath been in her
Majesty Queen Victoria and her predecessors,
kings of Great Britain." This was on the 2d
of August, 1859.
In the midst of these troubles President
Buchanan dispatched General Scott to Puget
sound. The General, without attempting to
settle, or even to inquire into the merits of
the question of jurisdiction, entered into an
agreement with Governor Douglas for a joint
military occupation of the island by the United
States and Great Britain, to the exclusion of
the civil authorities of either, temporarily, and
until it would be settled by the two Govern-
ments. And such is its present status.
The question now presents itself, Who owns
Sail Juan Island? And this is the main ques-
tion before us.
I he original claim of Great Britain, as put
forth m the protocol of July 3, 1824, was the
forty-ninth degree of north latitude extended
to a point where that line cuts the Columbia
river; thence down the middle of that river to
the Pacific ocean, the navigation of the whole
channel of the river to be free to both parties. |
(Senate Doc., No. 1, first session Twenty-
Ninth Congress, p. 144, in note.)
This would have given to Great Britain
almost the whole of Washington Territory, for
the forty-ninth parallel strikes the Columbia
at what is now known on the maps as Port
Shepard or New Colville ; and also something
more than four degrees of sea-coast on the
Pacific now belonging to the United States,
stretching from the mouth of the Columbia
northwestwardly to the middle of the straits
of Puca, the length of this strip of coast being
about three hundred miles.
On the 2Gth of August, 1844, at the confer-
ence held by Mr. Calhoun, then Secretary of
State, and Mr. Pakenham, the British pleni-
potentiary, the latter so far modified this claim
as to offer to make free to the United States
any port or ports which the United States
Government might desire, either on the main
landoron Vancouver'slsland, south of latitude
forty-nine.
At another conference, held by the same
ministers on the 2d September, 1844, Mr. Cal-
houn expressly declined this proposal of the
British plenipotentiary.
Thus the matter stood till Mr. Polk became
President of the United States, in March, 1845,
no real progress having been made in the nego-
tiation.
Mr. Buchanan then promptly took up the
subject, and the correspondence between the
two Governments became very active. War
menaced the two countries, growing out of their
disagreements touching the boundary line from
the crest of the Rocky mountains to the Pacific
ocean.
Our Government manifested a dignified but
firm determination not to yield to the exorbi-
tant demands of Great Britain, and were en-
tirely ready, if Great Britain saw fit, to settle
the controversy by the sword. This was clearly
manifest to the British Government.
On the 18th of May, 1846, less than a month
before the signing of the treaty of June 15 of
that year, Mr. McLane, our minister at Lon-
don, wrote to Mr. Buchanan a very important
dispatch. He says :
"i havenow to acquaintyou that after the receipt
or your dispatches on the 15th instant, by the Cat-
auonia, I had a lengthened conference with Lord
Aberdeen, on which occasion the resumption of the
negotiation ior an amicable settlement of the Oregon
question, and the nature of the proposition he con-
templated submitting for that purpose, formed the
subject of a lull and tree conversation, I have now
to state that instructions will be transmitted to Mr.
-Pakenham by the steamer of to-morrow to submit a
new and further proposition on the part of this Gov-
a Petition of the territory in dispute.
The proposition most probably will offer sub-
stantially—
"First. To divide the territory by the extension of
the line on the parallel of forty-nine to the sea; that
is to say, to the arm of the sea called Birch's bay ;
thence by the caual De Haro and straits of Puca to
tlieocean; andconiirmingto theUnited Stateswhat
indeed they would possess without any special con-
firmation—the right freely to use and navigate the
strait throughout its extent."
The letter mentions two other propositions,
to accompany the former, but as they do not
relate to the line of boundary, but only to the
rights of British subjects and American citi-
zens on each side of the contemplated line, it is
unnecessary further to mention them.
jyir. McLane must have derived this inform-
ation directly from his conversation with Lord
Aberdeen, held the day before—a conversation
which he described as a illengthened confer
ence;J' and he speaks of the proposal about to
be made by the latter as having " formed the
subject of a full and free conversation " with
Lord Aberdeen; nay, it is fair to infer, from
his subsequent language in the same dispatch,
that he had actually seen Lord Aberdeen's
treaty, for he says: w It is scarcely necessary
for me to state that the proposition, as now
submitted, has not received my countenance."
On the 6th of June a conference took place
between Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Pakenham
