1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2049
The tariff of 1828 was protective, and was
productive of general prosperity to the country,
it was overthrown to satisfy the South, and
replaced by the compromise tariffof 1833-, which
went down by easy gradations till it reached
a level rate of twenty per cent., and prostrated
the manufacturing industry of one half of the
country. This was felt to be a mistake, and
the protective tariff of 18-12 was enacted. Its
effects were magical; business revived, new
enterprises were undertaken, manufactories
established, and peace and prosperity blessed
the iand. The Democratic party paid unwill-
ing testimony to its beneficent effects when they
went through the presidential canvass of 1844
with their banners inscribed with the motto,
"Polk, Dallas, and the tariff of '42." They
hypocritically stole our thunder and placed
Polk in the presidential chair, claiming that
"he was a better tariff man than Henry Clay."
As soon as they were comfortably seated in
power they repealed the tariff of 1842 by Walk-
er's tariff of 1846, which was in the interest of
foreign industry aud against our own.
The effect was disastrous. Industry lan-
guished, foreign goods flooded the country,
and our own manufactures were almostdriven
from the field.
The clamor for free trade comes mainly from
the commercial cities. It emanates from men
who are either foreign merchants domiciled
ihere or agents of foreign houses; from men
who have little or no sympathy with our people,
and who want as large a trade as possible, so as
to make their fortunes as soon as they can and
then return home to enjoy their gains. The sign-
boards over the doors of their business estab-
lishments denote their foreign extraction. Such
men add nothing to the wealth of the nation
by productive labor. ■' They toil not, neither
do they spin ; and Solomon iu all hi3 glory was
not arrayed like one of these for they live
in brown-stone mansions and marble palaces,
adorned with costly mirrors and pictures and
furnished with palatial splendor. The free-
trado doctrine is that a protective tariff makes
the rich richer and the poor poorer. Sucli is
not the fact. Protection makes both manu-
facturer and laborer richer. They go hand
in hand together. While the capitalist im-
proves his condition, so does the workman,
(rood profits allow good wages, and in a manu-
facturing town in our country, under a proper
tariff, no man need ask for bread who is willing
to work. Look at Now England. In her
manufacturing towns, where her great manu-
factories are located, the workman is best fed
and best clothed. He saves mopey ; he owns
the house and garden that he lives in; he
assists to build the church and establish the
.school, and the savings-bank shows that he lias
hundreds of dollars deposited at interest for a
future day.
In 1808 Connecticut had 54 saviugs-banks,
with $36,000,000 deposits ; Massachusetts had
115, with $95,000,000 deposits; and Ilhode
Island 25, with §21,000,000 deposits; in all
§152,000,000; while New York had iu savings-
bank deposits $151,000,000. If the population
of those States has increased in an equal ratio
since 18G0 Rhode Island has three tiines^ as
much saviugs-bauk deposits per capita as New
York, and the oi.lier three States named more
than twice as much as New York. It is not, then,
in the manufacturing States and cities, but it
is where the merchant rules the hour, that the
riehbecoroe richerand the poor beeomepoorer.
Behold New York city, the great Babylon of
America, the richest city on the continent,
made wealthy by her couwaerce, where gilded
palaces and miscrable.dens may be lound within
a si one's-1 hrow of each other; where thousands
of harlots nightly waik the streets to debauch
the morals of the people and obtain a loath-
some aud precarious subsistence by sin; where
whole blocks ol buildings are given up to bad
whisky and debauchery; where railroad cor-
porations run courts and judges and juries with
as much business tact and as little scruple as
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 129.
they run their roads ; where gold gamblers
confederate to raise the price of gold and en-
hance the cost of a nation's living and then go
crazy or commit suicide from the excitements
of their own infernal machinations ; where her
alms-houses are crowded, with paupers and her
jails are filled with prisoners; where Laaayus
and Dives meet daily together ; wheye muni-
cipal officers are said to steal by millions,
till even their own party papers cry out with
indignation at the robbery of an - overtaxed
people by a profligate political ring. It is in
such com mereial places, made rich by foreign
importations, that the rich become richer
and the poor are made poorer, and not in
the quiet, peaceful, and moral manufacturing
towns.
The advocate of free trade will tell us that
the manufacturers are monopolists; that they
have exclusive privileges, and by a tariff are
becoming rich by taxing the people. I have
never yet known a free-trader who was willing
to risk his capital in manufacturing enterprises,
however monopolizing and profitable they
might appear to be, aud I am somewhat con-
fident that it is more owing to the fact that he
did not believe his own doctrine than to any
excess of virtue that he did not become a
manufacturing monopolist.
If it be so advantageous to live in a country
where prices are low and fabrics are cheap,
why is it that there is such a tide of immigra-
tion from low-priced Europe to high-priced
America? The answer may be found in the
reply of the Irishman who complained that
bread cost sixpence a loaf here, while in Ins
country it only cost a penny. '; Then why did
you not stay where bread was so cheap ? " was
the inquiry. " Because," said he, '• I did not
have the penny." Where prices are low the
people are [>oor, and do not have the penny to
buy their bread. Through protection to our
manufactures lies the road to the prosperity of
all classes of labor, while through free trade
is the path to idleness, poverty, aud national
decay.
Our true doctrine then, as it seems to me,
is to follow the precepts of the lathers and be
guided by the lights of experience; to encour-
age aud protect our manufacturing industry by
adequate duties on imports; to plant the man-
ufacturer and the farmer, the consumer and
producer, side by side ; to aid by proper boun-
ties in the restoration of our ship-building
trade, now unfortunately lost to us; to give
employment to our own people in all branches
of labor, and to encourage the immigration of
skilled workmen and their distribution oyer
the country, as recommended by Jefferson
long ago. By so doing we will find a market
both for manufacturing and agricultural in-
dustiy; we will settle the boundless, untilled
prairies of the West; wo will give greater
occupation to our railroads'and canals, and re-
store and extend our commerce that was nearly
destroyed by rebel cruisers. We will add
greatly to the wealth of the nation, more ob-
jects of legitimate taxation will be created,
more revenue raised at reduced rates, and the
burdens of taxation made to sit more lightly
upon the people, for prosperity makes taxa-
tion more easily endurable, and a long list of
annoying and irritating taxes on small mat-
ters can be readily repealed, to the relief of
the farmer, the mechanic, and manufacturer,
thus benefiting all classes of men. We will
also withdraw from abroad a debt that hangs
like a dark cloud over us and deters the re-
sumption of specie payments; we will accumu-
late the means of discharging our national
obligations ; we will be enabled to resume
and maintain specie payments ; labor will We
in demand and meet its just reward; the
farmer will have an adequate home market j
for his produce, and we will enter on a career
of prosperity that will render us independent
of all foreign nations, and afford us a strength
and greatness that will be the wonder of the
world.
Mr. bTEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, ,it is no,
part of my purpose to endeavor op this occa-
sion, to contribute iu the least to the settlement
of the long-vexed question, of protection
free trade. I do, npt remember the time,when
that question was not agitated; I do not hope
to see the day when it shall have been settled.
Indeed, it appears to me to be one of the
eternal questions; &t_ least a question tjiat is
coexistent wjth the.existenceoftljeshuman race.
It is amaximof pjiysics. that water, will find
its lev«l; but we might well ask,, when ? For
do we not see the river ceaselessly (lowing,
the ocean endlessly moving, the clouds rising
to the skies, and the rain falling }n, showers?
So we may say that taxation will find its level;
but when?
_ It is my purpose, therefore, not to waste
time and strength in the vain endeavor to set-
tle an insoluble question. But I propose to
address myself directly to the question which
interests my constituents and the people at
large—the reduction of taxation. That is,the
practical object. And we represent a practical
people—a people who now need and demand
and imperatively require at the hands of their
Representatives a large and liberal reduction
of the burde,ns of taxation. And why should
not the people have a reduction of these bar-
dens ? Did ever any.people,pay such enormous
revenues for the salvation and sustenance of a
Government as the people of the United States
of America have paid, within the last ten years?
Our admirable Treasuijv, in his report of last
year, gives us, on page 8, the sum of the pay-
ments from the Treasury of the United States
for the years 1861,1802,1863, i8G4,1865,18GG,
1867, 18G8, and 1869, and fho grand total
amounts to $8,0.^5,707,779 50.
It is true the. whole of this vast sum has
not been paid in taxes directly by the people.
We are to deduct the amount of the increase
of the debt from 18G1 to 18G9; but after de-
ducting this amount there remains, as the sum
representing the payment of taxes by the peo-
ple in that decade, more than six billions of
money, more than twice the outstanding debt.
Thus this patient and patriotic people have in
ten years expended of their treasure over six
billions of money, and in addition poured
out their life-blood on the field, sacrificed their
bravest and their best for the nation, for pos-
terity, for the race. And now I ask, if after
they have done all this it is not time to give
them some surcease from their burdens?
There are many prudent and patriotic men
who think that notwithstanding all that this
generation has done it should continue to bear
up under the crushing burdens of taxation and
pay the remainder of the national debt.. These,
I think, forget two important considerations :
first, that we shall leave to those who are to
come after us a nation rich aud prosperous
boyond all precedent in history; that'we shall
leave them a young and growing nation ; and
no enthusiast, however gifted, could overdraw
the picture of the probable prosperity of this
nation. We leave, also, a growing posterity,
a people multiplying in an unprecedented ratio.
It is probable that when the next census num-
bers the people and values their property we
shall find that we number forty millions of peo-
ple with $40,000,000,000 of money—a billion to
the million. Now, if we, with the strain of nerve
and the waste of blood, were able during the war
to pay twice the amount of the remaining debt,
cannot the next generation patiently bear the
remainder of it until it shall be gradually paid?
If they cannot, if they will not willingly bear
it, then they will be unworthy of the sacrifices
we have made for them.
But is a redaction of taxation practicable
consistently with the maintenance of the Gov-
ernment and the payment of interest and °'ner
obligations of tho nation 1 The answer to that
question is foandon the last page of the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury. It isi sai d
that "all is well that ends well," and no State
document ever had a better ending than has
