1870.
mnjkL glob®.
imi
ter was then taken before the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, and was examined by
a commission of naval officers, and by the
board of ordnance. It was fully proved as a
matter of contract'; and, as I understand, this
amount was reported to be due the claimant.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Was not
the contract founded upon the condition that
this class of guns should prove efficient in the
Navy; that otherwise they would not be paid
for by the Government; and did they not prove
utterly worthless?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman is partly right and partly wrong. This
was a contract dependent upon a contingency;
and for that contingency the claimant has re-
ceived no allowance from the Navy Depart-
ment. The Committee on Ordnance have
found that such an allowance is due him.
This is, in fact, a debt due by the United States.
I understand my colleague [Mr. Dawes] to be
exactly right in saying that these claims are just
debts of the Government, and in providing for
their payment we are not legislating against
the interests of economy, unless it is a want
of economy for a man or a nation to pay just
debts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McNEELY. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that motion will not
be agreed to. We shall, I think, soon get
through with this bill. I make this proposi-
tion to the House: to take this bill out of
committee and let a vote be had on these ques-
tions in the House.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. McNEELY. I object to any lectures
on economy from the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. lie ought to have been here when
he was up in New Hampshire making political
speeches.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Buffinton re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, having had under consider-
ation the Union generally, and particularly the
bill (H. R. No. 21G5) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1871, and tor other
purposes, had come to no resolution thereon.
enrolled bills, etc.
Mr. NBGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint res-
olution and bills of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:^
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 107) for the
relief of Commodore S. 1>. Bissell and Com-
modore John C. Carter;
An act (S. No. 237) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act. to authorize the Secretary ol the
Treasury to license yachts
An act(S.No. 4S9)to reorganize the marine
hospital service, and to provide for the rebel
of sick and disabled seamen ;
An act (S. No. 558) to incorporate the
National Bolivian Navigation Company;
An act (S. No. 02G) granting a pension to
Sarah E. Stubbs;
An act (S. No. 742) to provide for changing
the boundaries of land districts ; and
An act (S. No. 80S) granting a pension to
Amanda M. Uitchey.
3iargaket riddle.
Mr. HOLMAN. f ask the House by unani-
mous consent to allow me to report back from
the Committee of Claims Senate bill No. 81,
for the benefit, of Margaret. Riddle, widow and
executrix of George Read Riddle, deceased.
This claim is regarded as just by the Commit-
tee of Claims, and the reason why I did not
report it when the committee was last called
was because 1 was at the time confined to my
room hv indisposition.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 move to suspend the rules.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.--No. 30G.
The rules were suspended, and the bill was
received. It proposes to appropriate to Marga-
ret Riddle, widow and executrix of George Read
Riddle, deceased, $2,000, in full satisfaction
for supplies for the Army of the United Slates
taken from George Read Riddle during the
late rebellion.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CURRENCY CONFERENCE REPORT. '
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to pre-
sent the following conference report in order
that it may be printed in the Globe :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of ths two Houses on the amendment of the
House to the bill (S. No. 378; to provide a national
currency of coin notes, and to equalize the distribu-
tion of circulating notes, having met. after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
rccommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the Senate bill, and
agree to the same, with the following amendments:
Page 1, line one, strike out "ninety-five" and
insert in lieu thereof " iorty-five." Page 1. line
eighteen, after the word "coin" insert the following:
" but a new apportionment of the increased circula-
tion herein provided for shall be made as soon as
practicable, based upon the census of 1870.**' After
section — add the following sections:
Sec. —. Andbe it farther enacted, That upon the de-
posit of any United States bonds, bearing interest pay-
able in gold, with the Treasurer of the United States in
the manner prescribed in the nineteenth .and twen-
tieth sections of the national currency act, it shall be
lawful for the Comptroller of tile Currency to issue to
the association making the same circulating notes of
different denominations not less than five dollars,
not exceeding in amount eighty per cent, of the par
value of the bonds deposited, which notes shall bear
upon their face the promise of the association to
which they are issued to pay them upon presentation
at the office of the association in gold coin of the
United States, and shall be redeemable upon such
presentation in such coin: Provided,_ That no bank-
ing association organized under this section shall
have a circulation in excess of ?1,000,000.
Sec. —. And he -it further enaeicd, That every na-
tional bonking association formed under the pro-
visions of the preceding section of this act shall at
all times keep on hand not less than twenty-hve per
cent, of its outstanding circulation in gold or silver
coin ot the United States, and shall receive at par in
the payment of debts the gold notes of every other
such banking association which at tho time of such
payments sha.ll bo redeeming its circulating notes in
gold coin of the United States.
Sec. —. A nd he it further enacted. That every asso-
ciation organized for the purpose of issuing gold
notes, as provided in this section, shall be subject to
all the requirements and provisions of the national
currency act. except tho first clause of section twen-
ty-two, which limits thecirculat ion of national bank-
ing associations to 8300,000,000; the first clause of
section thirty-two, which, taken in connection with
the preceding section, would require national bank-
ing associations organized in tho city of San Fran-
cisco to redeem their circulating notes at par in the
city of New York: and the last clause of section
thirty-two, which requires every national banking
association to receive in pa; inent of debts the notes
of every other national banking assncia/tion at par :
Provided, That in applying tho provisions and re-
quirements of said act to the banking as-oei.itious
herein provided for the terui3 l' lawful money," and
" lawful money of the United States," shall be held
and construed to mean gold or silver coin of the Uni-
ted States.
That section threo bo amended as follows: page 4,
line three, after the word '"withdrawing," insert
" one third of."
Same page, line five, strike out the word *' three''
and insert in lieu thereof tho word " two."
That the House agree to the said amendments.
J AM US A. GAltFIBLi),
T110S. 1„ JONES,
L. A. SHELDON.
Managers on the part of the House.
john sherman,
willard warner,
w. sprague,
Managen on the part of the Senate.
And then, on motion of Mr. BURR, (at
twenty minutes past five o'clock p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Tho following petitions, &,c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AXTELL: A petition signed by
4,408 of his constituents, praying Congress to
grant land for the construction of the Califor-
nia Southern Coast railroad, whifeh,^together
with a similar petitions presented a few. days
since", cotttaining4,765 names, raak'es-a total of
9,173 names.
By Mr. DEGBNER:* The petition-of T. E.-
Ross, Johnson county, Texas, for removal of
political disabilities. • .
By Mr. HAMILTON : Joint resolutions of
the Legislature of Florida recommending tha^a
custom-house be established at Charlotte'shar-
bor, and that the same be madeaportof entry.
Also; joint resolutions from the Legislature
of Florida praying the establishment Of certain
mail routes.
Also, the petition of J. P. C. Emmons, agent
of the State of Florida, praying an appropria-
tion for the payment of claims by the State of
Floridaagainstthe United States, for expenses
incurred in paying and furnishing subsistence,
&c.. to the Florida volunteers in suppressing
Indian hostilities in 1856.
By Mr. HOAR: Tho petition of George
Crompton, of Worcester, Massachusetts, for th®
refunding of certain duties.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of M<rg.
Chloe R. Campbell, of Jennings county, Indi-
ana, widow of Samuel Campbell, a soldier of
the war of 1812, for a pension.
By Mr. PACKER: The memorial of Ritt.eil-
house P. Finck, of Mifflintown, Pennsylvania,
praying compensation as mail route agent; * •
Also, the petition of Thomas J. Black, ask-
ing that his name may be placed on the pen-
sion-roll.
By Mr. SCHUMAKER: A memorial fend,
resolutions from mass meetings of citizens of
New York, asking for the passage of laws by
Congress protecting the laborer and mechanic
from the degraded coolie" or Chinese laborers
imported to this country in large bodies by
speculators.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 27, 1870.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
HOUSE Elf.r. REFERRED.
The joint resolution (ET. R. No. 852) donating
condemned ordnance for a soldiers'monument
in the city of Gardiner, Maine, wus read twice
bv its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
SOLDIERS' 3IONU3II3NT IN 0)110.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is on the Calendar
a joint resolution passed two months ago by the
House of Representatives giving to a soldiers'
monument association in Champaign county,
Ohio, one single gun. They write to me that
they are wailing its passage, and I hope the
Senate will act on it at once.
By unanimous consent, tho joint resolution
(H. R. No. 216) relative to the Champaign
County (Ohio) Monumental Association was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to authorize the Secretary of War
to donate to the Champaign County (Ohio)
Soldiers' Monumental Association one con-
demned bronze or brass gun, with which to
make and place the statue of a soldier on the
monument erocted or to be erected by that
association, out of any such guns which the
Government now has or may hereafter have,
not required for public use.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. McCRIiERY presented the petition of
John Conch of Hopkins county, Kentucky,
praying for the removal of his political disabil-
ities; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
