3988
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Mr. WOODWARD. I offer the following
amendment:
In line two hundred and thirty-fly e, page 10, strike
out the word "two" before the word "hundred,"
and insert in lieu thereof the word " one; " so that
it will read:
Proprietors of places of public amusement shall
pay therefor as follows: for those of the first class,
a special tax of $100 each, and for those of the second
class a special tax of twenty dollars each.
Mr. ALLISON. That is the present law.
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes; I simply wish to
retain the present tax. The committee pro-
pose to double it, as regards places of amuse-
ment of the first class, by raising it to $200,
while oil the second class the tax is only
twenty dollars. I think the disproportion be-
tween the amounts proposed by the committee
is too great. The places of amusement of the
first class ought rather to be encouraged than
those of the second class, because they are
less likely to be injurious to the public morals.
The question was put on Mr. Woodward's
amendment; and there were, on a division—
ayes 49, noes 68.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BIRD, I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on his motion to adjourn; if he will
withdraw it, I will call the previous question
on this section.
Mr. MUNGEN. Before the previous ques-
tion is called I wish to submit an amendment
to the section.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall not insist oncall-
ing the previous question if gentlemen desire
to offer further amendments.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
New .lersey [Mr. Bird] to listen to me for a
moment. I am waiting for a bill to come from
the Senate, which must be passed-to-duy; other-
wise, the gentleman from New Jersey, like the
rest of us, will not be able to draw his pay.
Mr. BIRD. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. SCHENCK. And I withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. ADAMS. I offeran amendment, which
I send to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all from and including the word " dis-
tillors," on the five hundred and eighty-third lino,
down to the words "and monthly returns," in the
live hundred and eighty-eighth lino, and insert tho
following words:
Each distiller shall pay four dollars on each barrel
of distilled spirits produced by him, counting iorly
gallons of proof spirits to the barrel.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, it will be ob-
served that by the bill reported by the com-
mittee each distiller who makes as much as
twenty-five barrels of distilled spirits is taxed
$100, and that for each barrel in excess of
twenty-five barrels he pays four dollars in
addition. In other words, he is taxed at the
rate of four dollars on every barrel of distilled
spirits he may make, whether the number of
barrels be twenty-five or more than twenty-five.
The amendment which I have offered does not
propose to change the tax on distillers who
may distill as much as twenty-five barrels or
more. If adopted, the distiller will then pay
at the rate ot four dollars on every barrel,
whatever number of barrels he may distill.
My amendment does not propose any change
in the amount of tax which the distiller of
twenty-five barrels or upward shall pay. The
only difference it makes is this: that it enables
the small distiller, who makes less than twenty-
five barrels, to engage in the business by pay-
ing a tax according to the amount of business
he may do.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I wish to ask the
gentleman a question. Am I correct in under-
standing that under this proposed amendment
the men who distill from grapes or fruits, if they
distill but one barrel, would have to pay the tax
only upon that one barrel?
Mr. ADAMS. That will be the effect of my
amendment. My proposition is to tax every
man who engages in the business of distilling
according to the amount of business he may
do. The bill, as it at present stands, makes
no discrimination between the man who makes
twenty-five barrels and the man who makes only
two barrels; each is required to pay a tax of
$100. The large distiller, who makes more than
twenty-five barrels, is taxed $100 for the first
twenty-five barrels and four dollars for each addi-
tional barrel. That is, he is taxed, according to
the present bill, at the rate of four dollars a bar-
rel. The only difference between the amend-
ment which I propose and the bill as it now
standsis that my amendment relieves the distiller
who does a small business, and who may not
make as much as twenty-five barrels, from the
heavy tax of §100, and imposes upon him, as
upon the large distiller, only a tax of four dollars
on each barrel of the spirits he may make.
Now, I have in my district, as I have no doubt
other gentlemen have in theirs, a great num-
ber of men who do not engage in the distill-
ation of spirits as a business, or follow it as a
vocation, but who, during the winter months,
and at leisure times which can be spared from
their crops and other pursuits, desire to engage
in the business of distilling.
Under this law, however, they are not able
to do so, unless they pay a heavy and onerous
tax, which bears unequally upon them as com-
pared with the larger distillers. What I ask
is, that these men, who do business on a small
scale during their leisure hours, may, as the
large distiller is required to do under this bill,
pay a tax simply in proportion to the amount
of spirits they may distill. Nine tenths of the
men who distill spirits in my district, and I
dare say it is the case in the districts of other
gentlemen, belong to this class. I ask, in
behalf of my own constituents, that this tax
may be reduced, and that the small distillers
may be enabled to distill whisky, brandy, or
anything else they choose, and be compelled
to pay, as the large distillers are compelled to
do, only in proportion to the amount they dis-
till. This amendment, if adopted, will bear
equally, fairly, and justly on all classes.
Mr. BENTON. I would ask the gentleman
what kind of spirits they distill in his district?
_ Mr. ADAMS. My amendment refers to all
kinds of spirits.
Mr. BENTON. Provision has already been
made for the distillers of domestic wines, &c.
Mr. ADAMS. I am aware of that. The
provision to which the gentleman refers, and
which was offered by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Sargent,] applies simply to brandy
distilled from fruit. The amendment which I
offer applies alike to distillers of every descrip-
tion, no matter what may be the character of
the spirits they distill.
I was endeavoring, when I was interrupted,
to show that the law as it at present stands
discriminates in favor of those who do a large
business, and works prejudicially to those who
do a small business; it is only fair, it is only
just that those who engage in the business of
distilling shall all be taxed alike. The bill as
it now stands taxes the man who distills twenty-
five barrels and upward only in proportion to
the amount he distills, and at the rate of four
dollars on the barrel; while the man who makes
but five barrels is taxed $100, or at the rate
of twenty dollars per barrel.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot permit this
amendment to be voted on, with the remotest
possibility of its prevailing, without entering
my protest against it. This is cutting a little
lower than has ever been attempted before.
The bill now proposes a rate of four dollars a
barrel. The gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargekt] and others have complained that
that operated hardly on the small distillers
from fruits, and we have to-day adopted an
amendment by which that small kind of dis-
tillation shall be permitted without a special
tax being imposed except above the limit of
ten barrels. The gentleman who makes this
motion proposes that we shall throw it open,
so that distilleries may be established which
shall pay no special tax exceeding what would
be the tax upon one barrel, if they think proper
to do so. In other words, it is proposed to
fill the country with tea-kettles.
It is proposed that in the corner of every
farm, and in every outhouse almost of every
farm, where a little grain or a little fruit can
be distilled, we shall legitimize that distillation
and legalize it. I have always been of opinion
that too much, perhaps, was conceded already
to these small distillers. We .have certainly
gone far enough to-day in the matter of dis-
tillation of fruits, authorizing the distillation of
so small a quantity as ten barrels; and we have
gone far enough heretofore in bringing down
the quantity to twenty-five barrels so far as
regards whisky or distillations from grain.
Although there may be in some quarters much
objection to building up large establishments
at the expense of small ones, I am not at all
sure that the country will not in the main gain
very largely, even if the small distilleries are
crushed out.
I have witnessed in the State in which I was
born, Obio, the same transition stage—for I
trust it is a transition stage—through which
some of the localities represented by other gen-
tlemen are now passing. I remember very well
when there was hardly a respectable farm that
had not down by the spring or upon a rnn in
some hollow its log distillery ; and those log
distilleries were places resorted to by the young
men, farmers, and others of the neighborhood ;
and they bred more intemperance and conse-
quently more vice than probably any other bad
houses of any kind that at that time at least
were to be found in any part of the country.
I think vie ought to be advancing rather than
retrograding in a matter of this kind, and that
it wouM be better to have none of these little
distilleries anywhere in the country. Perhaps
it would be still better if we had not even the
large ones. But the object of the law is to
keep these establishments under the eye of the
law. _ The object is to subject them to certain
restrictions, to require them to give certain
bonds and pay certain taxes, so that we may
know where they are and what they are and
hold them responsible for that portion of the
public revenue which we seek to derive from
them. I repeat, that if we go on in the direc-
tion proposed in the amendment we shall come
down to a sort of tea-kettle system all over the
country. The next proposition will be, I sup-
pose, to authorize the distilling of only a gallon.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Adams, it was not agreed to, there
being—ayes 50, noes 72.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Califor-
nia [Mr. Sargent] already inserted by strik-
ing out "ten barrels" and inserting "five bar-
rels," and by striking out "forty dollars'' and
inserting "twenty dollars."
Mr. SCHENCK. I raise the question of order
that it is not in order to strike out what has
already been inserted by a vote of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The House having inserted
certain words, an amendment to alter them
cannot be entertained.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by
striking out in line two hundred and ninety-six
the word "and," after the word " dollars,"
and inserting in lieu thereof "or;" so as to
provide that the proprietor of any circus, men-
agerie, or other show, failing to pay the special
tax, shall be "fined not less than $10,000 nor
more than $50,000, or be imprisoned not less
than three mouths nor more than two years."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by
striking out in the paragraph relating to " pro-
