2050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
this. The Secretary estimates that for the next
fiscal year we shall have, at the present rate of
taxation, a surplus of $102,000,000. We know
that he is a cautious man; we know that he is
an experienced man; we know that he is an
able, an honest man; and we may safely rely
npon it that he does not overestimate. He
rather underestimates, for the chances are in
favor of a greater surplus on both sides. The
chances are in favor of a constantly increasing
revenue on the same rate of taxes. With an
honest and a vigorous collection of the revenue,
with an expanding and a growing country,
the same rate of taxation will constantly bring
an increasing revenue.
The chances are also in favor of a constantly
reduced expenditure. Every department of
the Government is now bending all its ener-
gies to this end. We in this Hall, considering
ourselves the beginning of all good things, are
earnestly doing our -duty, and sometimes it
seems to me more than our duty, in this direc-
tion. And supposing the estimate of the Sec-
retary is correct, of $102,000,000 surplus rev-
enue, we can certainly cut that in two. We can
certainly afford to divide it equally with pos.-
tarity. We can save to ourselves $50,000,000
a year and give to posterity 550,000,000 a year.
And, just for the sake of the symmetry of the
figures, it would seem to be well to divide
$50,000,000 a year between the two great
sources of revenue, and strike off from the tariff
receipts $25,000,000 and from infernal revenue
$25,000,000 more. And it is a singular fact
that these nearly equal each other; the cus-
toms receipts being estimated at $185,000,00!),
and theinternal revenue at $175,000,000, with
the probability that the internal revenue will
more nearly equal the customs revenue. With
this for a basis, 1 propose to consider the pend-
ing bill and ask the committee to consider it,
deferring for the time that old, insoluble ques-
tion which has raged so long and will rage after
we are gone—the conflict between protection
and free trade 
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me when he concludes his sentence for a
suggestion and a question? I do not wish to
interrupt him unless by his consent.
Mr. STEVENSON. Looking to the interest
of the people, consulting the people, asking
them what relief they want, asking them what
burden it is that bears heaviest, what load it is
that chafes sorest, and relieving them. And,
after all, why should wo not consult, the people?
Are wo really so much wiser than they? Does
the stream rise so much above its head ? Are
we, the representatives, really wiser than the
aggregate people we represent? I think not.
The history of the country does not prove it;
the history of the war does not prove it, and
probably of the future will not prove it. The
instincts of the people, the feelings of the peo-
ple, the wishes of the people are better to be
trusted than the theories of their Representa-
tives.
I will now hear the gentleman's question.
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot help even inter-
rupting the gentleman from Ohio to express
my great gratification that he agrees so cordially
with the general views of the Committee of
Ways and Means as embodied in the pending
tariff bill and its general legislation ; butl wish
to ask him a question, and it is, whether he
thinks it is advisable to so legislate as forever
to perpetuate the two systems, to wit, the old
revenue system and the new system of inter-
nal taxation, tho cost of which is about nine
million dollars a year, and the processes of
which are complained of by all our people as
inquisitorial and interfering alike with their
domestic matters and their business affairs,
requiring the counting of spoons, the value of
carriages to be stated, the amount of business
done to regulate the license, the amount of
income to be given, and so on ; or whether we
had not better make one greater reduction in
this inquisitorial and annoying taxation, and
one lighter reduction in the old system of cus-
toms revenue, which is free from all these
exceptional features, and which costs in itself
so very much less than the other costs in itself?
I would remark that the committee believe the
bill noiv before the House will reduce the
duties about twenty million dollars, and they
propose to reduce $30,000,000 on the list of
internal taxes.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, I am
very grateful for the handsome compliments
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, whose
good opinion we all value. I do not know that
1 can answer to his satisfaction the question
he has asked. But I have an impression that
so long as the debt remains a material burden
upon the United States, we shall have to retain
some part of the internal revenue system. I
would agree with the gentleman, however, in
removing all irritating, petty, useless, and vex-
atious elements in it, of which there are many.
Indeed, it is so beset with these, that it is with
difficulty you can find the substance of the sys-
tem which ought to remain. Nevertheless,
they ought to be stripped off with an unspar-
ing hand.
The internal revenue system is not, in my
opinion, a just and equal one; nor can it
ever be made a just and equal one, any more
than the tariff system can be made a just and
equal system. And I incline to the opinion
that one of the errors committed by our fore-
fathers in framing the Constitution—and since
we have amended it in such material matters
lately, we can afford (o say that they did com-
mit some errors in framing it—was in not per-
mitting direct taxation upon property accord-
ing to its value. And some day I trust the
Constitution will permit the Government to levy
taxes upon properly according to its value.
But until that day as long as the debt remains
a material burden, we must, in my judgment,
retain the less objectionable and burdensome
parts of both systems of taxation.
Mr. WELKER. If the gentleman will yield
to me, I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. STEVENSON. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. WELKER. I now move that tho com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Kellbt
having taken the chair as the Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Wheeler reported that the Com-
mittee of tho Whole on the stateof tho Union
had, according to order, had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly tho bill (H. II. No. 1008) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
■resolution thereon.
Mr. WELKER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
tho House (at nine o'clock and fifteen minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Daniel Mills,
of Kentucky, praying for a pension.
By Mr. BO WEN : A memorial of mer-
chants and underwriters of Charleston, South
Carolina, against the repeal of pilotage fees.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Sarah J. Brown, praying that the
pension laws may be so amended as to pro-
hibit pension agents from receiving fees for
services performed by them in the line of their
duty.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: Tho petition of
Lyons & Finney and 38 others, citizens of
Oswego, New York, for the passage of an act
for therelief of ship-builders and material-men
and to provide a speedy remedy for the col-
lection of claims against domestic ships and
vessels.
Also, the petition of N. M. Andrews and 35
others, citizens of Oswego, New York, against
continuance of the income tax.
By Mr. KETCHAM: Tho petition of Thad-
deus J. Murphy, of company P, twenty-first
regiment New York cavalry, for relief.
By Mr. McCARTHY: The petition ofN. B.
Wilber and 49 others, citizens of Onondaga
county, New York, asking Congress to grant
pensions to surviving soldiers of the war of
1812.
Also, a petition of Cigar-Makers' Union of
Syracuse, New York, asking Congress to re-
store the duty on cigars to three dollars per
pound and twenty-five per cent, ad valorem,.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Rob-
ert Mincy, of Roane county, Tennessee, late
private company I, fifth regiment Tennessee
volunteer infantry, praying to be relieved from
the charge of desertion.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: The petition
of William E. Franklin, late a private in com-
pany C, eighth regiment Illinois volunteer
infantry, praying for relief.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of N. B.
Harding, J. S. Green, and a large number of
others, eitizeus of Licking county, Ohio, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the national banks,
issue $500,000,000 of greenbacks with which
to redeem the national bank notes, and pay
off $340,000,000 of tho five-twenty bonds.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of Hiram
W.Allen and others, citizens of Ludlow, Ver-
mont, for the abolition of the frankingprivilege.
Also, the petition of Ira Goodhue and others,
citizens of Westminster West, Vermont, for
the same purpose.
By Mr. SCHENCK : The petition of Richard
Smith and 84 others, citizens of Cincinnati,
Ohio, asking Congress to amend the revenue
law so as to collect all tax on distilled spirits
at the distillery or distillery warehouse.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cleveland,
Ohio, for the same purpose.
By Mr. STILES: The petition of the Roberts
Iron Company, of Allentown, Pennsylvania,
representing that since the establishment of
American works for the manufacture of the
various grades of steel the quality of standard
brands has become better and more" uniform
and the price has beenreduced ; that the inau-
guration of this important branch of domestic
industry has increased the demand for skilled
labor and the home consumption of agricultural
products, and in case ofany interruption of for-
eign importations by war or other contingency
our wants can be supplied by American makers.
We believe that our interests will be best served
by sustaining this home competition, and we
most respectfully protest against any action
which would place us again at the mercy
of foreign manufacturers. We also believe
that the introduction and permanent establish-
ment of new processes in this important branch
of manufacture should receive the fostering
care of the Government, and especially that
the valuable method of producing steel rails,
machinery steel &c., by the Bessemer pro-
cess, should be adequately protected until it
can bid defiance to foreign competition, and
therefore request Congress to fix the duties on
steel at the rates recommended by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in the bill which
• was reported to the House of Representatives
on the 1st day of February, A. D. 1870.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Hiram
D. Ruston, company I,  Tennessee cav-
alry, for removal of charge of desertion and to
be allowed bounty and pay.
By Mr. TANNER : The petition of Henry
Burden and others, citizens of Troy, New
York, for repeal of tax on incomes.
Also, the petition of Thomas B. Cook and
others, of like import.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of William
Kennedy and 45 others, a committee of the
Marine Engineers' Association of the district of
Cleveland, for amendment of the law relating
to engineers.
