3940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER. I present the petition of
Hezekiah Tharp and ftobert Tkarp, of Ala-
bama, praying remuneration for losses incurred
during the war. Both of these men were
Union men, and were arrested and confined
by the rebels for a long time on a'ccount of
their opinions. I move the reference of their
petition to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. When the morning hour
is concluded I am very anxious to call up
House joint resolution No. 86. I think it will
take but a few moments. The friends of the
resolution have nothing to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to take up any measure of
this kind.
Mr. TRUMBTJLL. I desire to present a
petition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is in
the nature of an objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial
of Benjamin Page, praying to be indemnified
for spoliations committed prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of F. Bart-
lett, ofPreeport, Illinois, remonstrating against
the extension of the patent of John Young for
washing and wringing machines; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 wish to say before I
sit down that I object to this farming out of the
floor by giving notice in this way. 1 hope we
shall have some opportunity to get up bills, and
not be precluded by a notice that is given in
advance in the morning. Some person gets the
floor and gives notice that he desires to call up
a bill, and then he seems to have a precedence.
I object to that. I want to call up a bill, but
I do not suppose it will do any good to give
notice now ; but I hope that after the morning
business is through t may be able to get the
floor and call up the bill to change the judicial
circuits.
The PRESIDENT pro_ tempore. Such a
notice is merely a notification to the Senate of
the wish of the Senator giving it. It does not
give any precedence to the business notified.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to give notice
that I desire to call up a bill which affects the
homes of five thousand negroes. I have been
trying to get it up all winter, but have not been
able to bring it to the attention of the Senate.
If the giving of notice will secure for it any
precedence 1 intend to give notice every day.
Mr. HOWE. I listen to all these notices
with a good deal of interest; and now let me
say to the Senate that right here in my hand
I hold a resolution to extend the time to con-
struct a railroad from St. Croix river to Bay-
field—a resolution which passed the Senate at
the last session, and which went to the Hpuse
of Representatives. The House committee
have agreed t,o certain amendments to that
resolution, but, fearing that they cannot get
time to report it this session, the Senate com-
mittee has recommended the passage of it as
amended by the House committee, and 1 ask
that the Senate will now give me so much time
as wiil aliow the reading of this joint resolu-
tion, and then pass it. Having once passed
it, it will not lead to any debate.
Mr. RAMSEY. Itwill not take five minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution indicated by him. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to present a petition.
The PliESlDBNTjpro tempore. That is in
the nature of an objection.
Mr. ABBOTT presented a petition of Henry
Linebaek and others, soldiers of certain Ten-
nessee cavalry regiments, praying that the act
approved April 10, 186a, "for the relief of
certain soldiers of the thirteenth Tennessee
cavalry," be so amended as to include their
names; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of citizens
of Pennsylvania, remonstratingagainst the pro-
posed continuance of the law imposing a tax
upon incomes; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of William
Wheeler Hubbell, of Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia, praying for a satisfaction and settlement
of the findings, judgment, and litigation be-
tween himself and the United States, with trans-
fer and legal right to fuses and shells, including
five patents to the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ST. CROIX AND LAKE SUPERIOR RAILROAD.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to proceeding to the consider-
ation of Senate joint resolution No. 187, the
joint resolution indicated by the Senator from
Wisconsin?
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 187) ex-
tending the time to construct a railroad from
the St. Croix river or lake to the west end of
Lake Superior and to Bayfield.
By the first section of the joint resolution the
grant of land heretofore made to the State of
Wisconsin by the acts approved June 3, 1856,
and May 5, 18G4, to aid in building a railroad
from St. Croix river or lake to Superior and
to Bayfield is renewed and extended for the
period of seven years to the State of Wisconsin
for the use and benefit of the railway compa-
nies designated by the State in the year 1869;
such extension to commence and date from
May 5, 1869 ; all lands to be conveyed by
patents upon the same terms and conditions
as are contained in the act granting land to
the State, approved June 3, 1856. The word
" mineral," when used in the preceding acts
is not to be held to include coal or iron. Nei-
ther of the railway companies is to be entitled
to the provisions of this resolution unless it
shall complete twenty miles of its road within
eighteen months from the date of the passage
of the resolution, and at the rate of twenty miles
a year thereafter until the same is finished.
Should any company to which this grant may
inure fail to build its road within the time ex-
tended, that portion of the lands for which
such company shall not be entitled to patents
shall revert to the United States, and shall be
immediately placed in market and subject to
private entry, preemption, and homestead loca-
tion under existing laws. The company or
companies to which thi3 grant may inure are
each required to deposit with the treasurer of
Wisconsin, for the use of the State, within sixty
days from the passage of the resolution, the
sum of $50,000 in sueh securities, national or
State, as shall be satisfactory to the Governor
of the State, and if either of the railway com-
panies shall fail to comply with the provisions
of the resolution the sum so deposited by the
company shall be forfeited to the State ; and as
soon as either of the railway companies shall
have constructed twenty miles of its road to
the satisfaction of the Governor the securities
so deposited by it shall be returned to such
company; and should either of the companies
fail to comply with any of the provisions of
the resolution the State of Wisconsin may trans-
fer the lands heretofore and hereby granted,
to which such company would be entitled by
a compliance with the provisions of this reso-
lution, to any other company, on condition
that such company to which such transfer may
be made shall deposit $50,000 within sixty days
from the date of such transfer. The grant for
the Bayfield line is extended to the town of
St. Croix Falls upon the same terms and con-
ditions as if the extension had been made
part of the original and supplemental grant,
and the grant is made to the State for the ben-
efit of the company designated for the construe-.
tion of the line from the town of St. Croix ,
Falls to Bayfield.
The second section provides that the lands
granted (excepting only such as are necessary
for the company to reserve for depots, stations,
side-tracks, wood-yards, standing-grounds, and
other needful uses in operating the road, and
timber and mineral land,) shall be sold to
actual settlers only, and in quantities not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres to any
one person, under such rules and restrictions
as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Interior, at such prices as will secure to the
companies, their successors or assigns, an aver-
age price of not more than $2 50 per acre for
the land actually certified for each completed
section of twenty miles of the railroads. To
insure an enforcement of this section the com-
pany receiving the certificates from the Secre-
tary of the Interior for the lands granted in
aid of the construction of the first section of
twenty miles of either of the railroads is, within
one year thereafter, to fix a price on each one
hundred and sixty acre tract described in the
certificates in such manner and at such rates
that the average price of the whole amount
certified shall not exceed $2 50 per acre, and
report the same to the Secretary of the Interior,
exposing a copy of such report to the public
in the office of the secretary of such company,
and any person actually settling upon the land
or any Government subdivision thereof shall
have the right to purchase at the price so fixed
any unsold parcel of the laud upon payment
of the price fixed ; and on payment therefor it
shall be the duty of the secretary of the com-
pany to make out duplicate certificates of the
sale under the seal of the company, send one
to the Secretary of the Interior, and deliver
the other to the purchaser; and it shall be the
duty of the Secretary ot the Interior to issue to
such purchaser a patent for the land described
in his certificate, as in cases of land sold by the
United States. The same form of proceeding
is to be observed with respect to the lands cer-
tified by the Secretary of the Interior on each
succeeding completed section of twenty miles
of either line of the railroads ; but no certifi-
cate of lands to such company or companies
on any completed section after the first shall
be made by the Secretary of the Interior until
he shall have received a report of the price
fixed on the land certified for the next preced-
ing completed section of either of the railroads.
The Committee on Publis Lands reported
the joint resolution with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section two, line twenty-four, after the word
"company," to insert "and in the district
land office;" so as to read:
It shall be tlie duty of the company receiving the
certificates from the Secretary of the Interior, as
aforesaid, for the lands granted in aid of the con-
struction of the first section of twenty miles of either
of said railroads, and within one year thereafter, to
fix a price on each one hundred and sixty acre tract
described in said certificates, in such manner and at
such rates that the average price of the whole amount
certified shall not exceed $2 50 per acre, and report
the same to the Secretary of the Interior, exposing*
a copy of such report to the public in the othce of
the secretary of such company, and in the district
land office.
. The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line twenty seven, after the word "price,"
to insert u within six months from the date of
settlement;" so as to read:
And any person actually settling upon said latfd,
or any Government subdivision thereof, shall have
the right to purchase, at the pricc so fixed, any unsold
parcel of said land upon payment of said price,
within six months from the date of settlement.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Wisconsin what is the immediate
necessity for passingthis measure this morning?
Mr. HOWE. Tne earlier it passes the Sea-
ate and gets on to the Speaker's table of the
House the more likelihood there is that it wiil
he reached on the Speaker's table. This joint
resolution as it is now before the Senate has
