2052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 18,
INSPECTOR, OF IMPORTS,
Mr. SHERMAN. The other day -when 1
was not present, being engaged in committee
duty, the Senator from Michigari [Mr. Chand-
H .j reported-bick two bills regulating ports
of entry, with the • recommendation that tlie
bill! bfe indefinitely postponed, I ask that the
bills fob placed oiv the Calendar with the ad-
verse report. I may wish to call the attention
of the Senate to them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bills will be placed on the Calen-
dar with the adverse report of the committee.
The Chair hears no objection; and the rote
indefinitely postponing the bill (S. No. 403)
to regulate the appraisement and inspection
of imports in certain cases, and for other pur-
poses ; and the bill (S. No. 372) to regulate
the appraisement and inspection of imports
in certain casesj and for other purposes, will
be reconsidered, and the bills placed on the
Calendar.
REPORTS Oil' COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to fahom were referred tlie
memorial of J. A. Gushing, relating to the gas
company in this District, the reply of the gas
company thereto, and the rejoinder of J. A.
Cashing, have directed me to report back the
memorial and accompanying papers, with a
recommendation that they be printed and re-
committed to the committer.
The motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. G52) to incorporate
the association called the Sons and Daughters
of Liberty, reported it without amendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 400) to incorporate
the Washington Association for the Improve-
ment of the Condition of the Poor of the District
of Columbia, reported it without amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 455) to incorpor-
ate the Washington Batchers' Benevolent Asso-
ciation of tlie District of Columbia, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. WILLIAM'S, from tlie Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 72) granting lands to the State of Wis-
consin to aid in the construction of the Green
Bay and Lake Pepin railway, reported it with
amendments,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred the petition of Levi Ste-
vens, praying tlmt authority be given to him
to furnish the Treasury Department with his
improved illuminating gas, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Fisk Mills, asking
the examination and adoption of his group
of statuary representing the emancipation of
slavery, for the pediment of the south wing of
the Capitol, asked to bo discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 458) to authorize and aid the Kansas
Pacific Railway Company to extend and con-
struct its railroad and telegraph line to El Paso,
in New Mexico, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 594) to provide a government
for the District of Columbia, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 467) to facilitate the adjustment of con-
troversies between parties interested in mari-
time adventures and contracts in the port of
New York, and to establish a board of port
wardens, reported it with amendments.
Mr, CONKLING. The Judiciary Commit-
tee, to wham, were referred the credentials of
Adelbert Ames, lately appointed a Senator from
the State of Mississippi, direct me to report the
same back with a resolution and report, which
I ask may be printed and laid on the table.-
The VICE PRESIDENT. ■ The resolution
will be .read. , ,
The Chief Clerk read the regolution, as fol-
lows :
Besolved, That Adelbert Ames is not eligible to
the seat in the Senate, of the United States to which
he has been .appointed.
Mr. RICE. I wish to state that, as a mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee, I for one do
not concur in that report.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Margaret
B. Pranks, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration,, and moved that the
petitioner have leave to withdraw her petition
and papers from the files of the Senate; which
was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 682) to increase the pension of Marie
Antoinette Rousseau, widow of the late Gen-
eral L. H. Rousseau ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 083) authorizing mail steamship service in
the Gulf of Mexico between the port of New
Orleans, Louisiana, and certain ports of the
republic of Mexico ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to-the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. It. No. 1G1) for a survey of a
ship-canal across the Isthmus of Tehnantepec ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee ou Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. It. No. 102) to restore to the
city of New Orleans the property heretofore
occupied by the United States as a branch
mint; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
llAYMQNl/ti MINING RKPOM'.
Mv. STEWART submitted the following con-
current resolution ; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
_ Jlexolvcd by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed two thou-
sand copies of tlie roport of E. W. Raymond, com-
missioner of mining statistics, transmitted to the
House of Representatives January 21,1863, fifteen
hundred for tho n<se of tho Semite and five hundred
for the Treasury Department.
SPECIE PAYMENTS.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a sup-
plemental proposition for an amendment to
Senate bill No. 658, to strengthen the legal
reserves of the national banks and to provide
for the resumption of specie payments on and
after January 1, 1871, which has already been
referred to the Committee on Finance; and
I ask to have this amendment printed and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
It was so ordered.
CAPE PEAR RIVER.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move to take from the
table Senate bill No. 553.,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina asks unanimous consent to
take from the table the bill (S. No. 553) for
the improvement of the bar at the mouth of
Cape Fear river, in North Carolina. The Chair
hears no objection,-and the bill is before the
Senate.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President, I have moved
to take up this bill in order that I maybe able
to make an explanation of its purposes and
necessity. The bill provides for an appropria-
tion of $100,000 for improving the channel of
the Cape Fear river near its mouth. This is
one of those considerable streams of our south-
ern eOast which drain large territories and dis-
charge large volumes of water into the Atlantic.
For the first thirty miles from its moutli it runs
nearly parallel to the coast, from half a mile
to eight miles distant from it, where it divides
into two large streams, one of which comes in
from the lagoons and the flat lands near the
coast, while the other stretches its forks far
np toward tho base of the Alleghanies.
Wilmington, an ancient and prosperous city,
is situated at the confluence of _ these two
streams, where it receives by railroad and
by water the products of a great territory.
These products find their outlet chiefly by
water from this port. For many years the
depth of water at or near tho mouth of this
stream has fluctuated, so that from nineteen
feet depth in 1733, it has fallen to eight feet in
1870. More than sixty pilots assiduously throw
their leads around the mouth of this,river, and
even then, so treacherous is, the channel, that
commerce is -retarded and the merchants of
Wilmington suffer constant embarrassment.
The variations of the depth of water upon
this bar are somewhat remarkable. There is
a tradition in the region around the mouth of
the Cape Pear that tho earliest navigators found
thirty feet of water in tho main channel; which,
although not entirely improbable, there are no
records in this country to establish. The ear-
liest known survey of the main bar was in 1733,
made by Edward Moseby, which gave a depth
of nineteen feet. In 1738 another survey was
made by James Wituble, when was it found that
the depth of water had increased to twenty-one
feet. In 1797,. more thanhalf a century there-
after, a survey was made by Joshua Potts, when
it was found that the depth of water had dimin-
ished to twenty feet.
This slight decrease of depth was but the
beginning of a still further decrease, which has
at length proved disastrous to the commerce
of the chief port, Wilmington, situated within
that entrance. There is no doubt among men
of science as to the primary cause of the shal- •
lowing upon this main bar. Between 17S0 and
1784 a great storm caused the sea to break
through the narrow strip of sand on the left
bank of the Cape Pear, about nine miles above
the main bar, making a new outlet for the river,
with a depth of water slight at first, but which
in 1797 had increased to seven feet at low tide.
And when, in 1820, another survey was made,
by Colonel Kearney, it was found that the
water on the main bar had decreased to fifteen
and a half feet, while that on New Inlet had
increased to eleven and a half feet. Nineteen
years after, in 1839, another survey, made by
Captain Glynn, of the Navy, showed only four-
teen feet on the main bar, while the depth on
New Inlet had increased to fifteen feet. Four-
teen years after, in 1853, still another survey was
made, by Lieutenant Maffitt, of the Coast Sur-
vey, showing a depth of only thirteen feet on
each bar. The next year, according to the
reports of the pilots to the commissioners of
the town of Wilmington, both bars had de-
creased to eleven and a half feet, having shal-
lowed one and a half foot in one year. The
next year, by the report of the Coast Survey
to Hon. George E. Badger, a United States
Senator from that State, the water ou the main
bar had decreased to nine feet.
Within a few weeks I have made a request
of the Superintendent of the United States
Coast Survey for a cursory examination of
the entrances to the Capo Fear, which exam-
ination has been made, showing as a result
eight feet of water on each bar. Bat there
are now in fact three channels instead of two,
namely: first, the original ship channel, the
only one mentioned by the early navigators ;
second, a channel southwest of it, known as
