187a
CONGRESSIONAL 0L0B1.
2997
an in the existing law fixed at the same rate
M this class of bar iron, and they are fixed at
the same rate because they are substantially
the same thing. I understand that no alabs or
blooms are imported into this country, with
the exception, perhaps, of a few classes of
Swedish iron that are imported in the form of
blooms as a matter of convenience. But the
object of putting blooms and slabs at the same
rate of duty as bar iron is really to prevent the
importation of slabs and blooms, so that what*
ever iron is imported shall come in in the form
of bar iron. Now, having fixed the dnty on
pig iron at $o per ton, it seems to me perfectly
clear that the manufacturers of bar iron cau
stand a reduction of the duty npon this article.
The proposition of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] proposes a reduction of
only $4 40 per ton, or 20 per cent, upon the
existing rate, and that is nearly 20 per cent,
less than the reduction which we have already
made in the duty upon pig iron.
I therefore have moved to make the doty
$18 60 per ton, or an increase of 60 cents
per ton upon the proposition of the gentle-
man from New York. I give notice that if my
amendment is voted down I shall support the
proposition of the gentleman from New York
of $18 per ton, because I believe this class of
iron can afford the reduction proposed^ by him
without detriment to any interest in this coun-
try, especially so when we have in this bill
changed the classification of iron by bringing
within the next paragraph a class of iron that
is included in this paragraph in the present
law; a class of iron, too, that is most com-
monly used in every portion of the country.
Yon cannot go into a blacksmith's shop, or into
a machine shop, or any other shop in the conn-
try working iron and not find the very kind of
iron that we now have tinder consideration.
It therefore affects every interest that works
in iron, every man that consumes iron, whether
in the form of a plow, an anvil, a hammer, or
a wagon. And in the interest of consumers,
without detriment to the manufacturing inter-
ests in this conntry, I assume here now that we
should make at least the reduction proposed
by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SCHENCK. It seemsto me that I have
heard something like that, about the plow and
the anvil and the hammer, about this House
before. Now, it so happens that those of us
who oppose the views of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] believe that we are just
as much in favor ot the plow and hammer and
anvil as he is; so that if he is agreed, I am,
that aH of that shall go for what it is, sound-
ing brass and tinkling cymbals. It has practi-
cally nothing whatever to do with the question
before the committee. Everybody professes
to be particularly friendly to the people, and
especially that class of people who make up
the great mass and have the most votes.
Now, suppose we talk a little about this par-
agraph. The present ad valorem duty is 44}
per cent., in spite of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] to the contrary, and it is
that which the gentleman proposes to reduce.
Now, those gentlemen are exceedingly ingen*
ions who fight inch by inch every one ofthe lines
and paragraphs of this bill. The other day wft
had np the subject of iron in slabs, blooms, and
loops, &c. It was remarked that they were
charged with the gamerate bf dnty as the lowest
class of baT iron. Some gentleman gets up and
moves to reduce the duty to $18 per ton. Why?
"Because," he Says, "although it is now
classed with the lowest rate imposed upon bar
iron, yet, inasmuch as it is less finished than
bar iron and more finished than cast iron^you
must reduce the high rate." Andnow the gen-
tleman sings exactly the other song, that as
it is exactly the sartie as bar iron therefore bar
iron must be reduced to it. One day they blow
hot in order to effect their purpose, and they
next day blow cold to effect another purpose.
One day they move to reduce the duty in
order to bring it down to bar iron; the next
day th«y say that it is the same as bar iron,
and therefore bar iron must be brought down
to it. I do not desire to repeat the argument
used yesterday in order to show that we have
preserved the classification of the existing
tariff, with the only difference that we have
put the duty of 1} cents per pound down to
lj cents per pound.
I will now yield the remainder of my time
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Armstrong.]
Mr. ARMSTRONG. In reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] I
desire to call the attention of theHouse to the
fact that according to the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury there was during the year 1869
an importation of 850,Ml,370 pounds of pig
iron, at a valuation of $2,617,160, making
156,402 tons, at an average price of $16 90.
Now, sir, adding the freight, insurance, and
every item of expense, we have $22 90 as the
cost of English pig iron laid down by the for-
eign manufacturer at the port of New York.
I hold in my hand the memorial of thirty-seven
of the largest pig-iron manufacturers in Penn*
flylvania, who certify to this House that pig iron
cannot be produced in Pennsylvania for less
than $29 63 per ton, and that the average cost
of its production is not less than $80 per ton.
Now, under this showing it requires a duty of
more than $7 per ton to put the pi| iron of
Pennsylvania upon a par with foreign iron
when laid down at our American ports.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I wish to
ask the gentleman a question. Does he not
compute the cost of the English iron at gold
rates, and the cost of American iron at cur*
rency rates?
Mr. ARMSTRONG. No, sir; I make al-
lowance for the difference. Nothing short of
$7 a ton will put the American producer upon
a par with the foreign producer; yet the gen-
tleman from Iowa talks about a duty of $5 per
ton.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
The first question is upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] to
strike out in the pending paragraph "$18"
and insert in lieu thereof " $18 50."
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 57, noes 43; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. AlUSOS and
Mr. Blair were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes seventy-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Brooks, of New York, as
amended by the adoption of the amendment
of Mr. Allison.
On agreeing to the amendment, as amended,
there were—ayes 42, noes 68; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered f and Mr. Nigley, and
Mr. Brooks of New York, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 68, noes 69.
So the amendment, as amended, was iiot
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move to
amend by striking out " 1 cent per pound'Mn
the pending paragraph and inserting in lieu
thereof "$20 per ton."
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "$20" and inserting in
lieu thereof "$19."
Mr. BECK. I rise to aparliamentaryinquiry.
I believe the House limited debate on this para-
graph to fifteen minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. And that time has long
Mr. bIcK*. Is not the Chairman under &
misapprehension? Five minutes were occupied
by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison]
and five minutes by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; and there debate
ended. Do not five minutes remain for debate?
The CHAIRMAN. The House ordered that
debate should close in fifteen minutes after
going into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BECK. But only ten minutes have
actually been occupied in debate.
On agreeing to the amendment of Mr. Hol-
man there were—ayes G8, noes 72.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Maynard were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 68, noes 71.
So Mr. Holman's amendment to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The question recurringupon the amendment
of Mr. Wilson, of Minnesota,
Mr. HAY moved to amend the amendment
by striking out " $20," and inserting in lieu
thereof "$19 60."
On agreeing to the amendment to the amend-
ment there were—ayes 56, noes 65.
Mr. BECK. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 65, noes 69.
So Mr. Hay's amendment to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Wilson, of Minnesota, there were—
ayes 71, noes 66.
Mr. KELLEY. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes 60.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move the following
amendment designed to restore the classifica-
tion of the existing law:
Strike out all of the pending paragraph after the
word "on," in line three hundred and twenty-nine,
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
Bar iron, rolled or hammered, comprising flat
bars not less than one inch or more than six inches
wide, nor less than three eighths of on inch or rnoro
than two incites thick, $20 per ton.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order,
that this is the same amendment which was
offered by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison,] and voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. The difference is that
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa
did not fix the rate per ton as does this amend-
ment. In the opinion of the Chair the vari-
ation is such that this may be considered a new
proposition.
Mr. J4AYNARD. The effect of the two
propositions is precisely-the same. There is a
change in the form, not in the sabstanoe.
Mr. BURCHARD. The amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa, according to my recol-
lection, was to strike out " one half" and in-
sert "three eighths." -1 modified my amend-
ment so as to make them all of one class.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the recollection
of the Chair.
Mr. BURCHARD. This is a different prop-
osition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair regards it as
a different proposition. The gentleman from
Tennessee is aware that but a very slight dif-
ference brings the amendment within the role.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 37, noes 81.
Mr; BURCHARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question next recurred on the motion
of Mr. Brooks, of New York, to strike out
the paragraph.
The committee' divided; and there wete—
$yes 27, noes 82.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
On iron bars, rolled or hammered, comprising flat
bars less than one and a half inches, rtrmore than four
inches wide, anil less than one half of an inch, ana
not less than three eighths pf an inch thick! ana on
iron bars, rolled or hammered, more than two inches
thick, 1± cents per pound.
Mr. COX. I move to add at the end of the
