1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Treatment of American Citizens—Mr. Winchester.
Ho. oi? Reps.
us, that her whole claim was groundless and
her whole conduct little better than bluster.
I cannot forget the open breach of treaty
and violation of the duty of neutrality, when
by the misconduct and culpable neglect of her
Government during the late rebellion her own
subjects were permitted to launch upon our
unarmed commerce on the seas the rebel pirate
crafts that lighted up the midnight skies with
our burning steamers, brigs, and schooners;
nor, that when our minister, presenting the
facts, remonstrated against the fitting out and
departure of these rebel corsairs which finally
escaped, he was coolly told that they had
escaped in consequence of the sickness and
inability of the law officer of the Crown to
examine into the facts—a mere shuffle to cover
up and hide from the world the fact of the con-
nivance of the Government itself with the
rebels.
In short, sir, it is folly to affect ignorance of
the truth—the gigantic, overshadowing truth,
that the governing and commercial classes of
England yearned for the destruction of our
Government; hungered and thirsted to see
the American Government, that Government
whose fundamental principle is that all political
power resides in the people, utterly destroyed.
This Government was and is a standing scoff,
flung in the teeth of legitimacy and aristocracy
everywhere. It is the Government of popular
rule, the Government of liberty, in antagonism
to privilege. It was natural they should wish to
see it extinguished. Such a result would have
been a verification of their teachings. It would
have proved, for the time being at least, that the
theory that the mass of the people can govern
themselves was a delusion, as they had taught
all along. And it would have done more; it
would have have utterly destroyed a commercial
rival on this side of the Atlantic. Deprived of
power as a nation the United States would have
presented two or three score of disunited,
feeble States, without consideration or influ-
ence among the nations of the earth, without
nationality, without power to resist injustice,
but presenting the best market in the world
for the sale of the products of the workshops
of England. This was the prospect presented.
Was ever temptation such as this held out to
the mind of man—the overthrow of popular
government, and boundless wealth flowing into
the pockets of the commercial and manufac-
turing classes? And to attain these ends they
were willing to forswear all their vows against
human slavery, all their professions of friend-
ship for a "kindred people having a common
religionand language," all their solemntreat-
ies of peace, amity, and commerce with us,
and to make war npon us under the deceitful
form of conceding belligerent rights to the
rebels. Sir, do not ask me to respect the sen-
sibilities of such a Government. If it can gain
by over-reaching it does so, and sneers at the
equality of man whenever man is weighed
against the dollar.
It is time, sir, that that Government should
understand that the people of the United States
are no longer to be trifled with ; that treaties
made with that people are not to be broken
butkept; that we are able, willing, determined,
that the faith of England given to us in her
treaties shall be kept. I say it without boast-
ing, but she knows and we know that we have
it in our power easily to compel her to do
justice. Why, then, omit to warn her to sur-
cease her usurped occupation of this island?
Why permit the "joint occupation" agreed
upon by General Scott in 1859 to endure longer?
It may be replied, it will be followed by war.
I do not believe it. But should she choose
war, should she lift her weapon in attempting
to enforce her claim, we must accept the issue.
We must then reckon with her hilt to hilt; we
must then mark down the future boundaries
of this country with the point of the sword.
Treatment of American Citizens.
REMARKS OF HON. B. WINCHESTER,
of kentucky,
In the House op Representatives,
February 10, 1870,
On the resolution introduoed by Mr. Cox in relation
to the treatment of American citizens now held as
political prisoners under English authority.
Mr. WINCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, at the
opening of the present session the following
resolution was offered by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cox.] and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs:
"Resolved, That the American people learn with
horror and indignation of the treatment of American
citizens now held as political prisoners under English
authority; that no language is sufficient to condemn
the usage of such prisoners, and that we urge upon
the national Executive the imperative duty ofimmo-
diate intervention on their behalf in such manner
as shall tend to the prompt amelioration of their
conditioner their release; that the President com-
municate to this House such information as he may
have in reference to this subject."
That committee, after a calm and full con-
sideration, have presented to us the follow-
ing substitute, with a recommendation for its
adoption:
" Revolved by the House of Representatives, That the
President of tho United States bo requested to com-
municate to this House, if not incompatible with tho
public interest, any information which may have
coine to his knowledge concerning American citi-
zens, whether native or naturalized, who may bo at
this timo confined in the jails or prisons of Groat
Britain for political offenses, and any facts in relation
to the treatment of such prisonerswhich ho may feci
at liberty to communicate."
I do not hesitate to say, sir, that the original
has my preference ; but deferring to the better
judgment of the committee, I simply desire to
express my earnest and cordial approbation of
the spirit that has animated the report. A
country like ours, sir, a large proportion of
whose inhabitants—fully one half—are of for-
eign birth or descended from foreigners, must
either cease to naturalize the multitudes who
come to ns annually from abroad or must resolve
to protect them in all the rights of citizenship
proffered to them by our laws. It is the great-
est glory of any nation that it protects the
poorest and humblest as zealously as the rich-
est and the most powerful. We should be as
prompt to throw the shield of our nationality,
with all its rights, privileges, and immunities,
over all who have taken the oath of allegiance
prescribed by law as if they had been " to the
manor born." This principle is ingrafted in
the spirit of our laws, and upon the faith of its
strict observance and enforcement every year
since the formation of our Government, great
numbers have sought our shores. The right
of expatriation, sir, is an original right; it is
a right iu which the American nation had its
birth. It becomes us, therefore, in the words
of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swann]
who made and so ably sustained this report,
to—
"Write it in letters which may not be mistaken
as the cardinal principle of our political faith antl
our settled rule of action, that an American citizen,
whethernative-born oradopted, in whatever quarter
he may be thrown, whether among Christians or inn-
dels, whether in free lands or lands dedicated to
human bondage and oppression, shall stand forth
with the official assurance of this trovci'iuncnt ot
immunity and protection under that noble passport
which the world will be made to respect, I am an
American citizen.'"
Are we, Mr. Speaker, at this period of
progress and civilization, to countenance the
monstrous doctrine that the subjects of one
Government leaving their country, emigrating
to another in good faith, and contracting the
relation of permanent subjects of the latter,
by assuming allegiance toit in the manner
prescribed by its laws and institutions, are to
be considered subjects of it, entitled to its
protection, consideration, and respect in all
places and dominions save and except where
they are mostneeded and sought—in the eountry
from which they emigrated, and whose sover-
eignty they have renounced ? That returning
within the limits of that country, there is no
law but the law of that country to reach the
ease, their original allegiance must then be
held still to endure, notwithstanding it has
been renounced and abjured under another
and a foreign Government? Shall we, sir,
admit that great natural and abstract right of
man to be exercised merely by virtue of the
municipal law of the country, and not in vir-
tue of the public law—a creature of the muni-
cipal code, unable to abrogate that allegiance
or divest one of his character, his duties, and
his liabilities, as a native-born subject within
the limits of his native country? Is each sov-
ereignty, in the Regulation of this inestimable
privilege, to adopt and practice an ancient
maxim, which is said to have had its origin
among border chiefs in Scotch raids—
" The simple rule, the good old plan,
That ho shall get wno has tho power,
And ho shall keep who can? "
Mr. Speaker, I hold that American citizen-
ship once confirmed as required by law, no
other nation has a right to question its com-
pleteness. American citizenship, by naturali-
zation or by nativity, should be placed on the
same footing everywhere, equally protected
and alike recognized and respected in every
clime and country of the earth. Otherwise we
have tho absurdity ctf a twofold allegiance,
and the naturalized citizen of the United States
is placed in the unpleasant predicament of the
servant sppken of in Scripture, between two
masters, both cleaving to him under their
respective and conflicting claims of sovereignty
and allegiance, rendering naturalization a mis-
erable fraud. Sir, it is high time that tho
feudal doctrine of non-expatriation was driven
from our shores and exterminated from our
laws. The insolent and continued abuse of
this doctrine has demanded the resolution
under consideration. The outrages it seeks
to investigate were faithfully and eloquently
depicted by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox.] The voice of history, sir, is trem-
ulous with the burden of woe, that comes
floating up through ages, from this sickening
tragedy of crime and oppression.
But, sir, thank God, there is a strength, a
vitality, and an enduring power in the political
ideas of historic races which nothing but their
own degeneracy is ever able to destroy. There
is no surer or firmer bond of union among a
people than the weight of a common grief or
misfortune. Ireland has obtained for herself,
without political independence, a distinct and
a proud individuality; a nationality of fame, if
not of government. She has illustrated that
sublime fortitude, that courage in the midst of
tyranny which has gilded the wreck of Grecian,
Polish, and Hungarian struggles with the halo
of immortal glory. Her soul seems to have
been preeonfigured by Providence to the influ-
ences of freedom, an instinctive love of lib-
erty, such as was felt by the Spartan when he
compared it to the sun, the most brilliant and
at the same time the most useful object in cre-
ation, which will survive the degradation of
any form or term of oppression. This senti-
ment, sir, is indestructible in its nature, and,
like the sea-shell, though torn from its home
in the deep, continues vocal with the music of
its native liberty.
Mr. Speaker, the people of the United States,
glowing with that generous enthusiasm to com-
municate the blessings of liberty which is
always inspired by its possession, have been
disposed to look with common aversion upon
all forms of unequal restraints. Ravished by
the divine airs of our own freedom, have we
not proclaimed it " the universal birthright of
