1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4885
I am willing to set it for any day this week'—
to-morrow, or the next day. or the day after—
and take it up and dispose of it.
The Senator from Kansas is one of the most
experienced Senators on this floor, and I hesi-
tate to set any opinion of mine against his
deliberate expression as to the condition of
the public business. I think we should differ,
however, in our construction of whatis public
business. In the sense of bills which for the
public interest it may be essential to pass at
this session how many of them are there? I
undertake to say not to exceed eight or ten,
counting in the great trunk Pacific railroad on
t.he thirty-second parallel. Is it possible that,
discussed as these measures have already been,
the tax and tariff bill, for instance, on the one
hand, and this Pacific railroad bill on the other
hand, we cannot dispose of what remains of
business of public interest in the residue of
this session, meeting at eleven o'clock and sit-
ting until five? If it be proper to refer to the
other branch of Congress, their transaction
of business under a similar rule, with no night
meetings, is a lesson to us of what may be
done in those hours by vigorous, concerted,
and sensible action.
Mr. McDONALD. Mr. President—
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California yield?
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall conclude pres-
ently.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California declines to yield at present.
^Ir. CASSERLY. It is true there is a large
class oi'bills that appeal to the sensibilities of
Senators, and another class of bills of which
1 am not able to speak with the same respect,
which it is probable cannot pass without night
sessions. As to the latter class of bills, they
had better remain without passage. As to the
former, I am sorry to say that I presume they
will have to share the fate which falls upon
that class of bills usually in such a body as
this is, overwhelmed with interests and ques-
tions of the greatest magnitude, increasing in
magnitude and in number now with every ses-
sion.
I repeat, sir, I believe that all the really
necessary public business can be disposed of
within the next ten days if we will take hold
of it in the right spirit, taking up the bill of the
Senator from Ohio first, without going off upon
other business, persistingin it until we are done
with it as far as we are concerned; then tak-
ing up the appropriation bills of my friend, the
Senator from Maine, disposing of them without
diverging into other business, and finishiug
them so far as we are concerned, I think it
is at least worth the experiment of trying
whether we cannot in one week, this week,
without night sessions, transact more business
and better for the interests of the country and
better for our own reputations and honor, than
we have been able to do thus far.
As to meeting on the 4th of July, I presume
the Senator from Kansas is not in earnest in
that suggestion.
Mr. HOWARD. We have spent nearly
three quarters of an hour upon this question
whether we shall vote upon this simple resolu-
tion, and it is a commentary which ought to
strike the minds of all. I ask for the vote. I
felt it my duty to call this matter up, and I ask
a vote upon it.
Mr. MoDONALD. I simply desire to state
that I do not propose to antagonize the bill to
■which I have referred with the others which
Iiave been mentioned, but simply to have it
taken up after the others shall be disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas states, in reference to the amend-
ment to the amendment which he proposes,
that his purpose is simply to take up the steam-
ship bill after the other two bills shall be dis-
posed of, if there should be time to dispose
of it.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to amend
tlwjv.isolatiow fc? inserting "and also the bill
(S. No. 2G9) granting lands to aid certain rail-
roads in Alabama."
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be fur-
ther amended at present. There is an amend-
ment to an amendment now pending.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not propose to take
time. The time is used up. 1 want to vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not want
to take time ; but I want to -say one word. I
in some way represent, a general interest,
about which I know I ought to be very modest
in saying anything ; but we have reached that
period in the segsion when I think I ought to
say to the Senate that they ought not to forget
that this is the 27th day of June; that the fis-
cal year ends on the 30tli of June; and that
the Government will be without th& means of
carrying on the ordinary concerns of the Gov-
ernment as matters now stand, and as they are
likely to stand, because, with the very best
efforts 1 have been able to make, I find it im-
possible, I do not mean to say to get the ear
of the Chair—but I find it impossible to get
the floor against those who are, properly enough
I concede, (I am not arraigning any one,) en-
deavoring to promote the interests of local
questions to the exclusion of those of a more
general character. Heretofore the answer has
been, when I have urged this claim, that tho
appropriation bills always go through.
Now, you have fixed the hour of adjourn-
menton the 15th of July. You cannot go back
from it. The Senate of the United States may
understand that this Congress will adjourn on
that day. You have no right to presume any-
thing else. My honorable friend from Indiana,
who contemplates remaining here until the
25th of July, will allow me to say that he
argues without any presumption in his favor
or any reasonable expectation that the other
branch of Congress intend to stay here one
hour after the time agreed upon. If the Sen-
ate of the United States contemplate the exe-
cution of business peculiar to them tliey will
have to do it after the House of Represent-
atives go away about their affairs. That is iny
judgment.
To that end, Mr. President, it seems to me
that the Senate ought to agree now by unan-
imous consent, every member of it, to act on
that assumption. Let them devote all the time
that is left for the consideration of questions of
a local character, but whenever a bill of a gen-
eral character, like that which the Senator from
Ohio represents this morning, is before the
Senate they ought to address themselves to that
business unflinchingly until it is ended ; and so
of all the appropriation bills; and then we shall
bein a condition to adjourn, and then the Sen-
ate of tho United States may sit here to its
heart's content in the consideration of matters
that peculiarly belong to it; but we have in the
twelve or fourteen days that are left to us no
more time than is necessary if we devote the
whole of it exclusively to the consideration of
those matters of a general character which are
essential to be passed between this and the 1st
of July, or the fore part of July at any rate, for
the successful conduct o*f the Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment, proposed
by the Senator from Arkansas, to add the Ori-
ental Steamship Company bill.
Mr. ABBOT L\ Has not the morning hour
expired?
The VICEPRES1DENT. Ithasnotexpired
by half a minute. The question is on the
amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected; theru being, on a division—ayes 20,
noes 21.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill (EL R. No.
2015) to rcduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes, is before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Let the vote be taken on
this resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the regular
oi do1'.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio demands the regular order.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to lay aside the
regular order until this resolution can be dis-
posed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion'to
lay aside is not now in order by the rules of
the Senate. The Senator can move to post-
pone.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to pass over the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. i The motion to
pass over is not in order. The Senator can
move to postpone it.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I move to postpone
the tax bill for twenty minutes, or until we can
take a vote on this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan moves to postpone the present
and other orders for the purpose of continuing
the consideration of the resolution which was
before the Senate during the morning hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the question is
whether the Senate of the United States will
violate a unanimous agreement made in good
faith here in the presence of the whole Senate.
Further than that, let me suggest 
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Ohio
will pardon me, the motion to postpone is an
open motion. It involves the whole merits of
the bill, and we can go on and consider it on
this motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that. But the
question is whether we shall postpone the tax
bill 
Mr. HOWARD. I beg the Senator to allow
it to be laid aside informally in order that we
may take a vote on this tesolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is an unmiti-
gated wrong to the public business to under-
take to'take up these railroad bills as against
the appropriation bills and the tax bill. I feel
justified, therefore, as the tax bill is before us,
in insisting that we shall go on with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio declines to allow the tax bill to be passed
over informally, and the Senator from Michi-
gan moves to postpone the present and all other
orders for the purpose of continuing the con-
sideration of the resolution pending during the
morning hour, the effect of which will be to
resume the consideration of the tax bill after
that subject shall have been disposed of.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 2G, noes 21.
Mr. SHERMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; tttid being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Carpenter, Chandler,
Davis, Drake, Powler, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harris,
Howard. Johniton, Kellogg, MnOreery, McDonald,
Xyc, Pomei-oy, Uamsoy, Kiee, Robertson. Sawyer,
Schur/., Scott, jStewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
and "Warner—27.
NAYS—JMeseis. Abbott. Anthony, Bayard, Cam-'
eron, Oasseiiy, Corhett, Edmunds, Fenton, Howe,
Howell. Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Osborn, Pratt, Ross, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Stockton. Tiiurman, Vickers, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Aines, Boreman, Buckingham,
Cattell, Cole, Conkling, Oragin, Ferry, i'lfmagan,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Lewis, Morton, Norton, Patterson, Pool, Bevels,
Saulsliury, Trumbull, and Yates—21.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment to insert the Atlantic
and Pacific railroad bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution as amended,
which is to set apart this evening, commencing
at half past seven o' clock, for the consideration
of the two bills named.
Mr. PRATT. I move to amend that resolu-
tion by limiting the session to half past ten
o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
