1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the west channel; and. third, New Inlet, which,
as I have said, broke out about 1780. Each
of these channels has eight feet at low water,
making an aggregate of twenty-four feet, or
three feet less than ws,s sported in 1738 in the
old ship channel.
. I ought here to, explain the present. situa-
tion of these three chatinels. When the Cape
Fear arrives a little below Fort Fisher it finds
New Inlet, as I have said, created by storm
about '1780, the channel of which runs out in a
nox-theasteriy direction. This channel is about
three fourths of a mile wide, and below it is
what is "known as Zuk's Island, which was
originally the left bank of the river; then a small
inlet, then a strip of sand, then another smaller
inlet, then another strip of sand extending to
Smith's Island, at the southeast point of which
is Bald Head, a high sandy bluff.
On the right the channel sweeps around by
the mainland to a point where Fort Caswell is
situated, on a sand formation known as Oak
Island, where it again divides, the main chan-
nel going over the old main bar and the other
hugging the shore of Oak Island and passing
out further westward. The presumption, there-
fore, is, that if in any way the whole volume of
water could be confined and made to pass over
the main bar, as formerly, by Bald Head, in-
stead of being divided into three currents, the
old bar would speedily resume its original depth.
This eould probably be accomplished by clos-
ing up what is called New Inlet, without any
expenditure upon the West Pass.; but the cost
of the experiment could not probably be less
than one'million' dollars, and would very likely
swell toward two million dollars. The last esti-
mate made for closing up New lnfet by Captain
Whiting, who was reputed as a man of more
than ordinary competence as an engineer, was,
I think, $1,700,000.
Taking into account, therefore, the large
probable expense of this experiment, and also
the imperfect knowledge which our engineers
possess of hydrography as applied to our south-
ern sea-coast, I do not deem it judicious to ask
the Government at this time to enter into this
large and doubtful undertaking. I am aware
that an estimate was made by Professor Bacho,
Supeiintendent of the United States Coast Sur-
vey; Captain Woodbury, of the engineers, (who
died during the war, at Key West;) General
Stevens, (since killed at the second Bull Run ;)
and Lieutenant Davis, of the Navy, in which
the cost of closing New Inlet and the other
two belowZuk's Island was put down at from/
four hundred and fifty-eight thousand six hun-
dred to five hundred thousand dollars, accord-
ing as lumber or stone might be used. Since
then, however, the difficulties have greatly
increased, thereby increasing the expense.
For the information of the Committee oil
Commerce and of the Senate I will state what
is proposed. It is found that nearly all the
flood tide comes in at the New Inlet and at the
West Pass, with almost an imperceptible tide
on the old main bar under Bald Head, while
at ebb the tide is at the rate of four miles per
hour on the main bar, with only a slight tide
on New Inlet and the West Pass. The fact,
then, appears that nearly all the tide comes in
at New'Inletandthe West Pass, while it nearly
all goes out by the main bar. I therefore pro-
pose an appropriation of $100,000 for a dredge-
boat and other apparatus to be placed upon
the old bar, by which the incrusted sand may
be loosened and carried out by the tide. It is
thought by those competent to judge that this
Dlari has much more than a probability of suc-
cess, and that it will give to the commerce of
Wilmington about fifteen feet of water, suffi-
cient, to enable her merchants to reopen that
extensive foreign trade once hers and of which
she is now deprived. This is the purpose of
the bill which I shall desire to have referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
I ought to say that for this plan I have not
the recommendation of the engineer depart-
ment, but I have the opinion and the recom-
mendation of the Coast Survey. The last plan
recommended by the engineer department
was to close up New Inlet, and that depart-
ment decline, unless after a new and careful
survey, to change the recommendation. This
would prevent any appropriation at this ses-
sion, as there is not time for the survey to be
made, The consequence, therefore, wpuld be
that the commerce of the port, now threatened
with ruin, will continue to suffer, when a small
appropriation can give it relief. It Is for this
reason that I urge the appropriation out of the
usual form. I hope, however, that a new sur-
vey may be ordered at once for more perma-
nent action.
Former Congresses have seemed to be aware
of the importance of preserving, or restoring
rather, the navigation of this entrance. From
1853 down to the commencement of the war
there were efforts, and with some success, to
secure from Congress appropriations for its
improvement. Several appropriations were
made, andthose appropriations were advocated
by the late Mr. Badger, of North Carolina;
by Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Seward, Mr. lleid, of
North Carolina; Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, and
others in the Senate; and by Mr. Ashe and
others, of the North Carolina delegation in the
lower House, and by Mr. Stephens, of Georgia,
and others.
In urging the appropriation at that time it
was asserted that the channel was shallowed,
and the appropriation thus made necessary on
account of certain jetties of stone which the
Government had placed upon Oak Island in
order to protect Fort Caswell from the sea;
and it was asserted and sustained pretty well
that where a Government injures a channel or
a harbor it is bound to repair those damages.
I do not suppose that the main cause of the
decrease of water on the bar was the jetties
upon Oak Island, but I do know that the old
channel swept directly under the bastions of
Caswell, while now there are more than two
hundred yards of dry sand between the fort
and the channel; and there is no doubt but the
jetties caused that change, and thus materially
affected the channel. To a great exlent, there-
fore, the Government is responsible for the
condition of this entrance.
But the claim for an appropriation for this
object I prefer to rest upon the same broad
ground as other harbor improvements^ Wil-
mington is the fourth city in commercial im-
portance on the Atlantic coast south_of Balti-
more. It is fed by three great lines of railroad,
stretching far into the interior,"and by the Cape
Fear river, on which ply numerous steamers.
Two thirds of all the naval stores of the United
States go out from this port, together with
great, quantities of cotton, lumber, staves, shin-
gles,and, in good times, rice and other products.
(See Ashe's speech.) Previous to the war
her merchants had attracted great attention on
account of their enterprise, and since the war
her business and population have rapidly in-
creased. It is the chief port of the State, and
with comparatively equal facilities it can com-
pete successfully with* Norfolk and Savannah.
These explanations in regard to one partie-
ular port would be incomplete if I did not
ask the attention of the Committee on Com-
merce to the whole subject of the inlets on
our southern coast. These harbors have nearly
all been subject to great changes, which have
often proved disastrous to the inhabitants
around them. There is no certain and fixed
inlet between Norfolk andKey West. Under
the effects of the strong winds and tho great
seas of the Atlantic the loose sands along that
coast are driven about like the drifting snow in
winter, and where deeply laden ships floated
but the other day, in an ample channel, is now
a broad sandy beach. There is no coast more
dangerous and no entrances more treacherous
than those, wherever shipsfloat. ithasbecome
a serious question whether there is to be any
reliable harbor on our coast south of Fortress
•I Monro."1, unless nature is aided by art. That
ports easy and safe of access are demanded on
that long stretch of coast, as a refuge • for our
commerce in storms and as affording meaiis
of outlet for products, is beyond question. If
the commerce is to be permanent and pros-
perous, and if our coasters are to be'ffee from
exposure, the- Government must bestow upon
these harbors whatever attention is necessary
to give them permanence andi security.
Now, sir, the Government expended last
year $2,000,000 for improvements of rivers and,
harbors, and for the same localities the appro-
priation this year will hardly be-.less. Of this
the lakes received $800,000, the eastern States
$100,000, New York $100,000, Ohio $180,000,'
and Iowa, $300,000. While the public money
is thus lavished upon other improvements,
nothing is done to preserve the languishing
commerce pf our southern coast. North Car-
olina, with her two hundred miles of sea-coast
and with an annual contribution to the national
wealth greater per capita than .that of Ohio,
has not been taken into consideration at all.
Why this indifference on the part of Con-
gress? An indifference not more to one State
or to a section of a State than to the country
itself.
I ask a respectful consideration of the sub-
ject to which these explanations have been
directed; and'I trust the Committee on Com-
merce will be able to make such a report as
will secure a result which will be.not merely
local in its influences, but which will be as
broad as the national prosperity itself. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
SUCCESSION TAX ON CHAllU'AJjLE DKVXS1SS,
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up the bill
which is tho unfinished business of yesterday
morning. It will take but a moment to pass it.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Coskmno]
has prepared an amendment which will be
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 637) to relieve pub-
lic charities from taxation.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from New
York and myself have agreed on an amend-
ment to insert at the end of the bill the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That the exemption of property subject
to any trust shall extend only to tho amount of sueh
trust.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and tho amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to add after the
word "educational" the word "religious," so
as to embrace religious, educational, and liter-
ary purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not. That would
include Mormonism and everything else.
Mr. YICKEltS. I should think religion was
more important than some of the purposes
named. If bequests or devises are made for
religious purposes I think they ought not to be
subject to this tax.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Maryland.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time-, and
passed.
METROPOLITAN PRESBYTERIAN CIIDBCII.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the unanimous eon-
sent of the Senate to allow me ■-to call up a
bill to incorporate the. Metropolitan .Presby-
terian Church. It will not occupy two min-
utes. They are now building theirchurcn an
they want an act of incorporation.
There being no objection, the Senate as m
Committee of the Whole, proeesded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 603) to incorporate the
