1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
been agreed to by the Committee on the Public
Lands'of the House of Representatives, bat it
is not expected that that committee will be
called again daring this session, and it is de-
sirable to get it 011 to the Speaker's table as
early as possible. A bill to extend the time for
completing this railroad passed the Senate at
the lastsession, but it has been amended by the
Committee on the Public Lands of the House,
taking further security from the company that
the work shall be done.
Mr. CASSERLY. This joint resolution
seems to have been reported back from the
Committee on Public Lands of this body " by
Mr. Spencer." Perhaps the chairman of the
committee, whoispresent, can state how that is.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill was committed
to Mx-. Spencer to report, as he had the papers
in charge committed to him by the committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. My attention was at-
tracted to that because the Senator from Ala-
bama is not a member of the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will excuse
me ; I wasthinkingof the Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Osborn ]
Mi-.'CASSE liLY. The printed bill says it
was "reported by Mr. Spencer."
Mr. POMEROY. That is a misprint.
Mr. OSBOliN. I did not report it.
Mr. POMEROY. I gave it to some mem-
ber of the committee; I thought it was the
Senator from Florida. It was not given to
Mr. Spencer ; and that statement on the bill
is a misprint. I do not remember which mem-
ber of the committee reported it.
Mr. HOWE. It was the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Sprague.]
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, I remember now.
It was reported by the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I desired to know
was whether it had been considered by the
Committee on Public Lands and recommended
as it is now proposed ?
Mr. POMEROY. It has been.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
papers TTITIIDnAWX.
On motion of Mr. REVELS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers relating to
the claim of Mrs.'Susan Wilson be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate.
evening session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 387, to change the judicial circuits.
It is a bill which has been before the Senate
for a long time.
Mr. STEWART. Before that bill is taken
up I desire to submit a motion for a recess.
There are several Senators who have charge
of measures that cannot be considered in the
morning hour.
Mr. SUMNER. We have a recess regularly
to-morrow night.
Mr. STEWART. I want to have one to-
night. I move that at five o'clock the Senate
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I lose my motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No; if by
general consent this other motion is allowed
'to be made.
Mr. WiLLEY. I call for the regular order
of morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia calls for the regular
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the regular
order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
of committees, and it requires unanimous con-
Bent to proceed to any other business.
Mr. STEWART. What, became of my
motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reg-
ular order has been called for, which super-
sedes it; and the regular order of the morning
hour now is the presentation of reports of
committees.
Mr. CONKLINGr. May I make an inquiry
on a question of order? I should like to know
whether under the rule the recess occurs to-
night or to-morrow night?
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. To- morrow
night.
Mr. CONKLING. There was one on Fri-
day and none on Saturday, and Saturdaybeing
a legislative day that would make this the
alternate day for an evening session.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The Chair
was under the impression that the rule applied
to Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think it says "alternate
days," and as there was an evening session on
Friday this will be the alternate day.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the rule be read, so
that we shall understand it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion, adopted by the Senate on the 19th instant:
" Resolved, That from and after the 20th day of this
month, and until tho close of the present session,
there shall be, unless tho Senate otherwise order,
three evening sessions, to eommenceat halfpastseven
o'clock p.m. (upon alternate evenings ofcachweek,)
atwhich sessions the Calendar of general orders shall
be proceeded with in the order of their place upon
the Calendar. And on Friday of each week, except
tho last Friday of this month, the Calendar shall be
proceeded with by considering only the bills andjoint
resolutions to which no objection may bemade; and
such objection, if made.shall have the effect to pass
tho bill or resolution over, and shall bo enforced
without debate."
Mr. STEWART. Will that give us an even-
ing session on Saturday?
Mr. CONKLING. There was none on Satur-
day.
Mr. DRAKE. But there will be none to-
morrow night if wo have one to-night, and
then we shall lose the night session on Saturday
of this week.
Mr. CONKLING. One thing at a time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule the Chair thinks a recess will be in order
this evening.
Mr. STEWART. Now, that I may be in
time, 1 will not call up the joint resolution to
which I have referred this morning, but give
notice that I shall move this evening, when
the Senate meets, to call up House joint reso-
lution No. 86, and hope to have it concluded
then.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does the Chair decide that
there is to be a recess this evening?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule, the Chair thinks a recess will be in order
to-day. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CORBETT. I understood that Monday
evening was the regular evening for an even-
ing session. Last week the evening sessions
commenced on Monday.
Mr. POMEROY. Our sitting on Friday
last made this occur on a different day from
what the Senate had contemplated.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We should have had an
evening session on Monday if we had been in
session yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. If we had had a session
yesterday the evening session would have been
last night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There will
be an evening session this evening, as the Chair
understands, under the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. In addition to the notice
which the Senator frona Nevada has given, I
desire to give notice that, in accordance with a
notice the Senator from Michigan [Mr. How-
ard] gave, I shall move to proceed, either this
evening or at as early a period as possible with
the railroad bill known as the Central Branch
Union Pacific. It is now simply a land grant,
and is well understood by the Senate, and I
hope we shall take a vote upon it this evening.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose it is understood
that these notices give no precedence?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In this general
giving of notices this morning, lest I should
lose some rights on a measure which I have
in charge, I desire to give notice that to-mor-
row I shall ask the Senate to. proceed to
the consideration of the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. DRAKE. Not a word uttered by the
Senator from Maine has been heard on this
side of tho Chamber.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If I may be
allowed to repeat, I say that to-morrow I shall
ask the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of the Indian appropriation bill.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom were referred two
petitions of Cyrus W. Field, praying aid in the
establishment of interoceanic communication
across the Pacific ocean between America and
Asia, reported a bill (S. No. 958) to incor-
porate the Pacific Submarine Telegraph Com-
pany, and to facilitate telegraphic communi-
cation between America and Asia ; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 791) to incor-
porate the Pacific Submarine Telegraph Com-
pany, and to facilitate telegraphic communi-
cation between America and Asia, moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I am instructed by the
committee 
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desite to ask a question
for information. What privilege is acquired
for any bill by the Senator having it in charge
giving notice that he will Gall it up at the
evening session?
The PRESlDENT^ro tempore. None what-
ever. It is merely a notice of his intention to
submit the motion to take it up.
Mr. CASSERLY. My object in asking the
question was this: while I have no objection
whatever to taking up the joint resolution which
the Senator from Nevada has in charge, the
joint resolution for the Southern Pacific rail-
road, or to disposing of it as promptly as the
Senate is willing to dispose of it, I think it ia
not desirable to take up such a measure as
that at an evening session, which will be very
thinly attended, perhaps without a quorum
being present. If the Senator can contrive
some period of the day for taking up his reso-
lution, when it can be taken up and disposed
of in one debate, when we shall have a full
Senate, I should regard it as much more
cl 0 S} 1 ^
Mr. STEWART. I should regard it as
desirable if this measure could be considered at
some time. I have had it up two or three morn-
ings, but it has been talked over. If it can
ever bo considered I should deem it desirable
to get it up at some time 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia was recognized by the
Chair as entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1714) to revise, consolidate, and amend
the statutes relating to patents and copyrights,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee oti
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 201) for the relief of
Richard Field, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Susan Goody and
others, Cherokee Indians, praying indemnity
for loss of property, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
to.
