2998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
paragraph in line three handred and thirty -
eight the following proviso :
Provided, No more duty shall be imposed upon
tb.is class than 35 per cont. ad valorem.
In making this amendment, Mr. Chairman,
I recur to a statemeut made yesterday by the
chairman of the Committee of Waysand Means
to the effect that 1 had made an error in the
calculation on bar iron under the preceding
clause. If he had observed a little more closely
he would have fouud my error consisted in put-
ting bar iron (which pays a specific duty of 1
cent per pound) at 46J, when he says it is only
44.}. This is under the previous clause. He
obtains his information from the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, while I get my fig-
ures from invoices. I suppose there may be
some little mistake ; but 1 am informed by a
gentleman who is an expert in this iron busi-
ness, and who has as much information about it
as the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schknok.]—
I refer to my friend from Connecticut, [Mr.
Barnum]—that I am as near right on this kind
of bar iron as the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then you are both
wrong, I suppose.
Mr. COX. It depends a good deal on in-
voices. I am willing to say the gentleman is
right; but still my argument will stand. Now,
as to bar iron, under this paragraph. Under
the present tariff this bar iron is, I think, taxed
H cents per pound. Indeed, I am sure it is,
for I have the tariff before me. This bar iron,
paying a specific duty of 1} cents per pound,
cost for the year 18G8, in the market whence
imported, $227,003. That was for the import-
ation of that year. I am still on my old hobby,
and base my argument on the invoices, and
from them I derive my statements. Taking
exchange at 21 per cent., and counting in the
premium on gold, would amount to $47,846.
Duty 07 per cent, ad valorem in gold, 75 per
cent, in paper, would be $170,884. I make
the duty 07 per cent, ad valorem,} but I think
the gentleman yesterday made it 66J. No
matter. I differ from him, therefore, only one
quarter of a cent, a difference in a debate of
this sort not at all appreciable. Now, take
the cost of importation nt 20 per cent., and
we have $45,420. Add importer's profits—10
per cent., $49,185—and ,we have the.total of
$541,738. Deduct cost in the market from
whence imported, $227.,G03, and we have as the
cost of importation, including exchanges, &cM
$314,185, or 138 per Cent, on the original cost.
Gentlemen seem to think I have been argu-
ing on the ad valorem fixediu our. present
tariff. I bring the, artiple hoiiie to the con-
sumer, to show.what it costs him< I show what
it costs the people. I think we gain some-
thing when the people understand what it- costs
them. I could best illustrate it by an invoice,
but I have no invoice of importations before me.
But if gentlemen will look into their desks and
examine the invoices from their own districts
on any importation of iron or otherwise, and
add up all the various charges, and then add
the premium on gold, they will very goon find
■what it costs the people when the article frotn
Abroad comes into competition with the home
manufacture. All these high protective duties
proceed on the idea that it is a great mis-
fortune to get cheap iron into this country.
The further we get into this bill and the more
we cut down this tariff on iron, the cheaper we
make iron; and the cheaper we make it the
more tears are shed by gentlemen on one side
of the House. In other words, the cheaper
yon buy an. ax or a plow the poorer we are
getting. Bringin iron for almost nothing, and
we are mined 1 As we progress in these amend-
ments my commiseration for the country grows.
The farmers of my native West, how sad is
their fate! Pig is falling and so is bar! Me-
chanics of the East, you are also saddened;
for you may by one day's wages purchase what
mother land? it costs three to make! You are
oh the way to ruin. Stop your commerce; do
not^get pp near Europe or Asia.
Seriously, I believe it will be for the interest
of the people of this country to get iron as cheap
as possible. I believe that if cheap iron could
be brought into this country, which had cost
next to nothing in the making of it, we would
gain instead of losing by it. 1 think it is no
harm, but much to our advantage, that by
means of greater facilities of transportation we
are drawn nearer toEurope and its cheap labor,
and nearer to Asia and its cheaper labor.
When we place impediments in the way of
commerce we do just the same thing as if we
were to proceed to tear up our railroads, stop
our transportation, and kill commerce.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Now that is what I call a
fair argument. The gentleman stands up so
squarely that he exposes himself and cau be
easily knocked down. In the first pl.ace we do
not take our figures from invoices selected
from the districts in which we are concerned.
My district does not happen to have anyt'hiug
to do with these manufactures, in any shape
whatever. That, however, is an individual
question. Instead ofinvoices Itake the official
reports, and the document on which 1 have
proceeded is the only report contaiuing full
returns for an entire year which wa yet have,
that for 1869 notyet being furnished. And what
did I say here, speaking of the paragraph uuder
consideration and that kind of bar iron which
we had in question yesterday? I said that the
returns from the Treasury showed that the
specific duty reduced to an ad valorem duty is
equivalent to 44J per cent.; and this duty is
not put upon freights, charges, and various
things of that kind, but simply on what the
invoices or manifests showed to be the gold
price at the port where the dutyis paid. The
gentleman says that yesterday he stated that
the duty was equivalent to an ad valorem rate
of 46£ per cent, and that there was not much
difference between us after all. Let us see
what the gentleman said yesterday. Mr. Cox
is reported to have paid:
" The- existing classification is all chanced, and
changed m such a way.thathardly any one can com-
prehend the classification as It now stands. But one
tiling-1 kabw"—
Mirk the gentleman's knowledge!
"thatifwe strike out thesd various paragraphs, astho
gentleman from the Philadelphia district [Mr. Kel-
leyJ would like as to do. leaving the present law in
operation as regards the articles embraced by these
"paragraphs, there would be, according to my mode
of computation"—
That'is very well put-in—
" a large percentage of duty runnifi? lip to over 100
per cent, on these various kinds of iron. All those
classes of iron known as bars, squares, ilats, rounds,
hajf^roande, hpop, scrap, scroll, sheet, kc„ were
tnxed under the tarifi'of 1861 at an average rate of
78 cents per 100 pounds. This rate was raised by
tariff of'.18(i2 to 89 cants; by the ,act of 1801 it
stfiod at 89 cents; and by subsequent.legislation it
was increased to an average of fl 23 per 100 ponnds.
1 have only to say thatthe present bill, if 1 nnder-
stand it.rightly, proposesto raise the averageof these
rates to about 81 50 per 100 pounds."
The gentleman then,.saygyesterday, if you
strike, out this paragraph, which he admits
that the high tariff men wanted to do, but
which the Committee of Ways and Means did
not want to do, because we were lowering the
rate, you would go back to the present law,
and by his computation that would give over
100 per cent, ad valorem. Now, I am glad
the gentleman has dropped from 100 to 46j
this morning; and he has now but alittle way
to come.to reach the position which I occupy,
arid on whioh I place myself, relying on the
authority of the Treasury reports.
Mr. COX. The gentleman does not give
me justice. He should read more of my
speech. That is not the whole of it.
Mr. SCHENCK, The ad valorem duty re-
duced front the specific may amount- to a little
more for the year 1809 ; but it is 44h per cent.,
according to the Treasury reports for 1868.
We have not yet got the full returns for 1869
collated in this mauner.
Mr( COX. The gentleman ought *o under-
stand that in that speech yesterday I stated
correctly that as regarded the tariff the duty
was 46^ per cent. $utwhen 1 spoke of the
amount added to the price of the iron brought
into this country I stated that adding up all the
charges it was increased over 100 per cent.
The gentleman will see that at the end of my
speech I made a computation as to this matter
and put it at 46} per cent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not understand the
gentleman yet. The higher you put the price
of the iron, then the duty remaining the same,
the percentage on that high-priced iron must
be less. That would be my arithmetic.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I move to strike out in the last
line " lj cents per pound " aud insert " §22 40
perton.'' That will conform to theamendinent
already adopted to the other paragraph, putting
that at $20 a ton, and will make it 1 cent per
pound on this classification of bar or ham-
mered iron. I cannot conceive why it is that
they are so classified. They are so classified
that the duty is raised on some and reduced on
others, but in the general classification, in my
judgment, it is an increase in the tariff on iron
of this quality and this character. If we so
classify it by putting all bar and hammered
iron at 1 cent a pound there will be no increase
then on any classification, but we will bring it
to the standard which has been fixed of 1 cent
per pound, which would be $22 40 per ton.
That is all I desire to say in reference to it, and
that is the reason for the amendment. I desire
that in any classification of this quality of iron
the Ho>use shall not be drawn into an increase
of the tariff on any of .these articles beyond
that which it is at present.
Mr,. SCHENCK. I call the attention of the
gentleman to the fact-that most of the iron
embraced in this paragraph is now at Ij cents
per pound, which i8 $33 60 per ton. The
Committee of Ways and Means propose to
reduce it to $28 per ton, that is lj cents per
pound. The gentleman's amendment would
put it dowu to $22 40 per ton, which is taking
away one third of the whole duty.
. Mr. LOGAN. Some of that embraced in
this classification is raised, however, and my
object is to prevent that.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me explain why the
classification has been changed.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman might make
an explanation satisfactory to himself, but I
am so hard to be satisfied with reference to it
that he need not be troubled so far as I am
concerned.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to give the explanation that operated upou
the committee,
Mr, LOGAN., 1 donot think the gentleman
could explain what operated, upon the commit-
tee.; for 1 find diversified action on the part of
members of the committee, some voting, to
strike out what they have themselvesdone, aud
some voting to keep it in. It would be an,im-
possibility to. explain what operated upon them,
and I hope-the gentleman will not even take
the trouble to try. I thick the best way to
get out of the difficulty is for the committee
to join me in this proposition, and make it
$22 40 a ton. I will not trouble the gentle*
man for any explanation.
Mr. BECK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment for the purpose of offering another here-
after to-make it lower, and 1 do it for this
reason. The chairman, of the Committee of
Ways and Means annonuced that, we were
blowing hot and cold by sometimes claiming
thata certain class of iron of less value ought
to be lower, than qthera, and then claiming
that others..ought to. come down as being ot
no more value. That is not the reason why I
want this reduction. , The Committee of Ways
and. Means have aeen fit fo divide this article
of bar iron into three, paragraphs; the fi/st
being iron iu slabs, blooms, &c.; then bars,
rolled or hammered, not less than one-and a
half nor more than four inches wide, nor less
than half an. inch nor anore than two inches
