96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February lc
Ho. op Reps.
Treatment of American Citizens—Mr. WiUard.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
humanity," and as we have witnessed nation
after nation struggling to throw off its political
bondage, have extended a cheerful sympathy
and benediction. Sir, as said by the gentle-
man from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilson :]
"Ko people deserve more sympathy from us than
our Irish citizens. They formed the first large im-
migration that swelled our population and power.
The tyranny which drove them into exile specially
fatted them for earnest support of our free institu-
tions."
Under the promptings of a deathless love of
liberty they have flung their fetters into the
tyrant's face, and have come to make their
home in our midst as men who in the sight of
Heaven and earth deserve to be freemen. Such
are they, sir, who, bringing with them strong
arms, their knowledge of the arts and sciences,
have felled our forests, dag our canals, built
our railroads, embellished our cities, and cov-
ered the land with monuments of their genius
and their enterprise. "In the valleys, on the
mountains, by the lakes, along the rivers, the
mental and physical forces of these people are
at work through toil and turmoil, sweat and
exhaustion, amid dangers and difficulties,
building up and perfecting the grand architec-
ture of this country's destiny." Surrounded
with these guarantees of faithfulness to our
institutions, under the dictates alike of justice,
philanthropy, and enlightened statesmanship,
we should throw the panoply of our power
around them and defend them when assailed,
come from what source it may.
Mr. Speaker, there has been a conflict be-
tween freedom and despotism during the whole
history of the human race ; but never before,
it seems to me, has liberty, with all its fervor,
and despotism, with all its imposing power or
sepulchral sculpture, stood directly confronting
so boldly and perhaps so grandly as at present.
No longer can the bayonet remedy the convul-
sions of oppression and tyranny. The people
are not a furious herd which must bo kept in
chains. Always quiet and moderate when they
are truly free, they are violent and unruly but
under those Governments where they are sys-
tematically debased. The sword only reestab-
lishes the peace of terror, the silence of des-
potism. Itisthe " lightning-rod of civil power,
justice, and legal liberty" that secures peace
and order. It is true, sir, that the despotisms
of the Old World enjoy rest, save when at
intervals the pent-up wrongs of centuries ex-
plode in the form of sanguinary insurrections.
But from the depths of that tranquillity are
ever issuing sickening odors, as from, an open
sepulcher of human hopes and human hearts.
The stagnant pool, sir, which basks sluggishly
in the sun enjoys also rest, but beneath its sur-
face venomous reptiles do gender and batten,
while the malaria of pestilence and of death
are exhaled from its waters.
Sir, I believe with Lord Bolingbroke "that
a wise and brave people cannot be permanently
cheated or bullied out of their liberty," and
that in spite of English dungeons and English
boasted power the sea-girt isle will yet be re-
deemed. The quenchless fire of freedom yet
burns in Celtic bosoms. The unconquerable
spirit of her sons is not yet broken ; famine
has not palsied it; death has not annihilated
it; centuries of oppression have not crushed it.
Never till England has torn from its tabernacle
the Celtic heart of old Ireland, and crushed it
in bleeding atoms beneath her iron heel, can
she make her a consenting slave or a despised
dependent. That old land will yet stand erect
among the nations of the earth, fearless and
unfettered, dictating her own policy, levying
her own taxes, with her own flag waving from
her ancient capital.
Then, sir, may the fingers of her own min-
strel once more sweep the cords of the harp
that has long lain sad and tuneless in Tara's
hall. Then may the tomb be inscribed and
the epitaph of her martyred son be written,
and a rejoicing world with her own poet pro-
claim :
" The nations are fallen, and thou art still young.
Thy sun is but rising, when others are set ;
And though slavery's chains o'er thy morning: hath
hung.
The full noon of freedom shall beam roand thee
yet."
Treatment of American Citizens.
REMARKS OF HON. C. W. WILLARD,
of vermont,
In the Hottse of Representatives,
February 15, 1870,
On the report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
in relation to the alleged inhuman treatment of
American citizens in British prisons for political
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, I owe an
apology to the House for bringing upon it the
flood of Irish eloquence which has followed the
remarks made by me on a former occasion when
this report was before us. I took occasion at
that time to express, in what I then thought
and now think moderate and plain language,
my entire lack of sympathy with Fenianism in
all its phases in this country. I was wholly un-
suspecting of the slumbering fires of love for
Ireland and the Irish that were lying uncov-
ered in so many seats in this Hall. I spoke
of what I considered the rights of existing and
established Government, to expect that the
integrity of their territory and the complete-
ness of their political organization should
remain undisturbed and be respected by all
friendly nations. I said we had demanded as
much as this for ourselves, and we ought to
accord as much to all other nationalities, Eng-
land among the number. I made no distinc-
tion between the right of an adopted and of a
native-born citizen to the protection, in his
lawful pursuits, wherever he might be, of the
whole power of this Government; but claimed
that both were entitled to it in full measure.
In all this, sir, I never thought I was giving
utterance to new, or un-American, or pusil-
lanimous doctrines. I did think, however,
that I was endeavoring to set forth a view of
international obligation that was not only right
in itself, but was entirely in agreement with
our own practice, and had been recently espe-
cially insisted upon in our diplomatic corre-
spondence with the English Government.
But what I then said, and what then seemed
to me innocent enough, and now seems to be
nothing but a simple expression of the propo-
sition that the golden rule is as good arulefor
nations as for individuals, has been tortured
by the gentlemen who have done me the honor
of making speech after speech against it into
a truckling subserviency to England and an
unprovoked attack upon the Irish people,
struggling against the harsh despotism of Great
Britain—with how little reason will be appa-
rent to any one who takes the_trouble to read
what I did say on that occasion. It is very
likely true, sir, that I am not disposed to
bluster every time I hear the name of England
mentioned. I have a very clear and settled
opinion that the course of that Power during
the recent civil war in this country was any-
thing but friendly to us. I have not forgiven
that unfriendliness nor forgotten it, and I have
no purpose of doing so. But I have not been
educated to interpret international law by the
standard of feeling, much less according to the
demands of a spirit of revenge. It is manly
to resent an insult or a wrong; it is courageous
to insist on redress when insulted or wronged
by a Power our equal in resources and pluck ;
but it is neither manly nor courageous to seek
pretexts and opportunities for offering similar
insults and inflicting similar wrongs. Petty
nationalities may find pleasure in such a vexa-
tious policy of annoyance, but a great and
powerful nation loses its self-respect and the
respect of all thoughtful people when it stoops
to such a small and unworthy and really cow-
ardly course of action. Washington gave in
his Farewell Address a rule for the government
of the foreign policy of this country, which
was true wisdom and statesmanship when it
was written and is no less true to-day. He
said:
"Nothing is more essential than that permanent,
inveterate antipathies against particular nations,
and passionate attachments for others should be
excluded; and that in place of them just and ami-
cable feelings toward all should be cultivated. Tho
nation which indulges toward another an habitual
hatred or an habitual fondness, is in some _degree a
slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affec-
tion, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray
from its duty and its',interests. Antipathy in one
nation toward another disposes each more readily
to offer insult and injury, to lay hold of slight causes
of umbrage, and to be haughty and intractable when
accidental or trifling occasions of dispute occur."
There were not wanting those in Washing-
ton's time who preferred the meddlesome pol-
icy, and who would have made this nation a
perpetual slave both to its animosities and its
affections, and the race of that class of public
men is clearly not yet extinct.
In view of the multitude of the attacks made
upon my former remarks I ought, in order to
show proper respect to those who have honored
me with so much attention, to take some notice
of the positions assomed by them in combat-
ting my propositions.
My colleague on the committee [Mr. Wood]
expressed surprise that I should have taken
the position I did in the House after having
assented to the resolution in the committee.
He is in this under a double misapprehension.
I have never objected to the resolution reported
by the committee, and shall vote for it. It was
the argument of the report that I expressed
my dissent from ; and I did that in committee
as well as in my place here; and the gentle-
man who reported the resolution [Mr. Swank]
understood that I expected, if I had opportu-
nity, to give myviewsonthefloorof the House.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
in alluding to my position, said:
"He is equally at fault in his assumption that
these persons are held prisoners in consequence of
an attempt to violate the laws of Great Britain, and
of endeavoring to divide that kingdom. The British
doctrine has been, that once an Englishman always
an Englishman ; and that, per consequence, its citi-
zens are subject to English laws, whether on foreign
or British soil. This has been the position and the
ground taken by that Government, as well as by
most of the other Governments of Europe, until very
lately. And it is now admitted that in England
many Americans who have been confined there were
held for no other offense than for having sympa-
thized with the Fenian cause in this country, and
upon a mere suspicion that they were in Ireland for
hostile intent. Our own records show this fact, and
the failure to convict when the cases were submitted
to a proper legal investigation shows it. The State
Department contains many proofs of the truth of
this statement; and the prompt release ot all the
Americans held there as political prisoners two years
ago simultaneously with the abandonment by Eng-
land of that absurd doctrine is additional evidence,
if any were required."
The gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wil-
kinson] at another point in the debate said:
" I do not mean to say that any of these political
prisoners have been tried and convicted in the Eng-
lish courts solely upon proofs of acts done within
the jurisdiction of the United States. ButI do mean
to say that tho proof is abundant which goes to
establish the fact that citizens of the United States
have been arrested and thrust into loathsome pris-
ons, in company with the most vile and degraded
criminals, with no substantial proof whatever that
the parties thus arrested had committed any overt
acts against the law within the jurisdiction of the
English Government.
"It is true that in some cases the parties thus
imprisoned were after a long confinement released
for want of proof of any personal violation of Eng-
lish law within English jurisdiction; but such release
did not atone for their long incarceration or for the
inhumanity with which they were treated while they
were thus held as prisoners."
Nearly every gentleman who has partici-
pated in this discussion has made the similar
charge, that the prisoners on whose behalf
this inquiry has been started were unlawfully
