1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
conceal from any man in the House that there
was even one constituent in all the United
States who felt that, while the franking privi-
lege should be abolished, thearrangements for
the free transmission of newspapers should
be continued. This in no way affects the right
of petition of those who hold this view. It
only applies to those petitions which were
printed, and instead of lengthening out the
resolution by inserting in it that printed form,
J describe it as matter issued under the direc-
tion of the Postmaster General. I used this
language, because it describes a historical
fact—a fact known all over the United States—
and because it describes more definitely than
any other language I could use the nature of
these petitions.
But, Mr. Speaker, I now come to the main
reason why I was induced to offer this resolu-
tion. I offer it in the same spirit in which all
the members of this House who were present
at the vote, except fourteen, voted for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege—on the ground
of the great saving of expense, which, in the
latter case, was alleged rather than proved.
Last Friday morning, when I came into the
House, I took up that morning's Globe, and
my attention was drawn to the list of notices
of petitions that had been presented on the
preceding day ; and I found that it occupied
almost four columns. Aud we must bear in
mind that these petitions are presented also
in the Senate. This list, although including
notices of a few petitions on other subjects, is
almost entirely made up of these printed peti-
tions for the abolition of the franking privilege.
I made a calculation how much this would cost
the Government. The House understands, I
doubt not, that under the contract under which
the reports of the proceedings in Congress
are printed, we pay the Globe for reporting
per column. We are paying for the printing
of the Congressional Globe and Appendix,
bound in quarto form, so much per page.
Mr. DAVIS. How much is that?
Mr. LAFLIN. One mill per page. If the
gentleman will wait till I have concluded, I will
endeavor to answer all such questions. We are
paying them so many cents per page for the
two Daily Globes that we receive, one sent to
us through the mail and one that we receive at
oar desks here. Well, now, I looked into this
calculation, and I find that it is costing this
Government, upon the basis of Thursday's pro-
ceedings, from ninety to one hundred dollars
per day, and I asked myself, of what earthly
use is it that we should print notices of peti-
tions in favor of the abolition of the privilege,
when we have already passed a law abolishing
that privilege ? I do not see any earthly use
except to spend money or to gratify the vanity
of certain men.
Mr. FERRISS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. LAFLIN. If the gentleman will wait
until I get through, I will be very happy to
answer him.
But some gentlemen may say that I took np
a paper which contained a larger number of
petitions than we ordinarily find in the Globe.
Well, perhaps I did ; but if you will send to
the desk ana get to-day's Globe, you will find ;
that instead of there being four columns of
notices of petitions in it, there are nearly five.
Well, now, there are certain notices of peti-
tions in this paper that do not refer to the
franking privilege ; but even excluding those
you cannot reduce the amount to four columns.
But even supposing the statement is true that
I have taken an exceptional case, I will assure
the House that upon consultation with the
Post Office Committee, and by the assistance
of the clerk of that committee, and ascertain-
ing from him the number of petitions that have
been presented, and estimating that these peti-
tions have been sent out to and will be for-
warded by all the postmasters in the United
n<r ^*at to continue the publication
of uiese notions in the future) if they noccupy
the same space that they occupied on Thurs-
day and Monday, will cost this Government
somewhere from ten to fifteen thousand dol-
lars ; and for what earthly use, I repeat ? I
now yield to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.]
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
:j Mr. CONGER. I had the floor yesterday
It when the Speaker called the attention of the
! | House to the fact that the time had come for
,j the ceremonies in regard to the death of our
colleague, Mr. Hoag, and I yielded to that, as
the Journal will show.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only recognized
the gentleman as entering a demand for the
yeas and "nays. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Laflin] who offered the resolution
had not surrendered the floor. When the vote
is put the Chair will recognize the demand of
the gentleman from Michigan as having been
made.
Mr. CONGER. Then I make the point of
order that debate at this stage of the proceed-
ings is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The calling of the yeas and
nays is not the same as the previous question.
Mr. CONGER. My demand for the yeas
and nays was on the motion to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The rules were suspended,
and the question came up on adopting or
rejecting the resolution.
Mr. CONGER. That is not the record.
The SPEAKER. No matter how the Globe
is, that is the fact.
Mr. LOGAN. The questionsl desire to putto
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Laflin] are
these: first, the right of petition to Congress
being conceded, and this House not being Con-
gress, I would ask whether or not petitions, in
order to give notice to Congress, must not either
be read before the body or published in some
form so that the notice shall be received by them?
If that be the case, a publication in the Journal
of the House is not a publication of a notice to
the Senate Hence, 1 ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Laflin] whether or not, the
right of petition being conceded under the Con-
stitution , such petition being anotice to the Con-
gress of the United States of the desire of the
people, in order to inform the Honse, must not
such petitions be made public, either by being
read to the House or published as other pro-
ceedings are ?
Mr. LAFLIN. Oh, Mr. Speaker, it is a
very easy matter to answer that question. When
the House of Representatives, by a unani-
mous vote, save fourteen in the negative, has
declared what is the will of the people on this
subject, I do not think it necessary to pry into
what is published in the Globe to find out
what the will of the people is.
Mr. LOGAN. One further question, inas-
much as the gentleman is so satisfied with his
answer to my last question. Under the rules
of the House a petition cannot be presented
here and read at the desk. The right of petition
being conceded, and your rules depriving the
Eetitioner of the right to have his petition read
ere, are we not then bound to give notice to
the House through the best medium which we
have, the same through which we make public
our other proceedings ? Should we not in that
way give notice of what the people desire?
Sir. LAFLIN. The gentleman is simply
traveling in a circle. The answer I made him
before is enough now. I now yield to the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] for three
minutes.
Mr. ALLISON. If I understand the object
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Laf-
lin,] 1 desire to oppose this resolution. I
believe the right of petition is a sacred right,
and that it ought not in any way to be abridged.
Formerly it was the privilege of any member
of this Hou$e to stand upon this floor and pre*
sent at the bar of the House a petition from
his constituents. But now, by a rule of this
House, it is provided that these petitions shall
be presented at the Clerk's desk. If a mem-
ber of the House desires it, he may have that
presentation noticed in the Congressional
Globe.
Now, if we are to say what shall and what
shall not go into the Congressional Globe, then
we ought to have a committee which shall exer-
cise a censorship over that publication. There
are a great many things published in the Con-
gressional Globe from day to day that are of
very little use to our constituents. And if we
are to say that this matter shall go into the
Congressional Globe, and that matter shall
not go into the Congressional Globe, then let
us expunge from it other matters as well as
those relating to the sacred right of petition,
such as those presented here to this House
from our constituents, asking Congress to abol-
ish a privilege which has existed from the found-
ation of the Government.
When we look into this question of the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege, it may be of
importance to future Congresses to know why
it was that the Representatives of the people
abolished it. And if so, they can no more
clearly ascertain that fact than by referring to
the Congressional Globe and ascertaining what
! petitions were presented here for that purpose.
Therefore, if we are to expunge any part of
this Congressional Globe, let us have a com-
mittee appointed to determine what shall and
what shall not appear in the Globe. But as
long as the Congressional Globe pretends to be
a faithful representation of what transpires in
Congress, I am myself in favor of inserting in
it everything that does transpire here, so that
we may know that it is a faithful record of our
proceedings.
Mr. LAFLIN. I now resume the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Laflin] yield to me for
a moment?
Mr. LAFLIN. For what purpose ?
Mr. VAN TRUMP. To offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. LAFLIN. I will hear it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask the Clerk to read
an amendment I desire to offer to this resolu-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the resolution the following:
And also, as a question of economy, that the sev-
eral speeches pro and con made by gentlemen on this
resolution be excluded from publication in the col-
umns of the Congressional Globe.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. That is good.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York allow this amendment to be offered ?
Mr. LAFLIN. I have no objeclion to ita
being voted on.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is before
the House.
Mr. LAFLIN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not
.want to allow such remarks as have just been
made by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Alli-
son] to go unnoticed, and thereby concede that
in any possible way the adoption of thia reso-
lution will interfere with the right of petition.
The gentleman says that because we 
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a point of
order. I want to know whether the gentleman
from New York consents to have the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Van
Trump] offered. We want to vote on that
proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
the gentleman from New York to allow the
amendment to be offered.
Mr. LAFLIN. I have no objection to allow-
ing the amendment to be voted on. If the
House chooses to adopt it it may do so.
Mr. LOGAN. Then there is no necessity
of any farther speaking.
