mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
41st Cong....2d
Treatment of American Citizens—Mr. Willard.
Ho. 03? Reps.
held in British prisons. There is, however,
not only no proof to support these assertions,
bat the facts happen to be all the other way.
This subject was thoroughly considered dur-
ing the last Congress, and just at the close of
the last session of that Congress the chair-
man of the CommitteeonForeign Affairs sub-
mitted the following report:
44 The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
referred a resolution of the Houso of Representatives,
dated February 3,1868, requesting the President of
the United States to institute an examination into
the facts alleged in the preamble of said resolution,
and if it should be found that American citizens were
charged or convicted of crime before or by any Brit-
ish court for words or deeds spoken or done in the
United. States, to demand an immediate new trial or
release of persons so convicted, respectfully report:
"The documents submitted to the House during
the present Congress by the President on this subject
are voluminous. They consist of numerous dis-
patches, letters, and reports upon subjects connected
with the arrest and trial of many American citizens
for alleged interference with the Government of
Great Britain in Ireland. It is undoubtedly true
that the doctrine of perpetual allegiance has been
asserted by the judicial officers in the courts of the
United. Kingdom during theso trials; and in some
instances the persons so arrested have been denied
the right to trial by a mixed jury, secured by the
statutes of Great Britain to foreigners, upon the
ground that the persons making thedemand were nat-
ural-born subjects of Great Britain, incapable of di-
vestingthemsolvesoftheirallegiancetotbesovereign
ofGreatBritain, and for that reason notentitied to tho
statute made for the benefit of foreigners resident in
that country. But it does not appear from an exam-
ination of the papers, which have been referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs on this subject,
that any conviction has been made upon this ground.
"The most recent declaration of the facts upon
which these trials have proceeded are stated by Lord
Stanley in adispatch toMr. Thornton. whichhasbeen
printed for the use of tho House. (Ex. Doc. 66, 40th
Cong., third session, p 5.) Lord Stanley affirms that
the allegation that Warren and Costello (the pris-
oners referred to in the resolution of the House) were
convicted and sentenced for words spoken and acts
committed in tho United States rests on a total mis-
apprehension of the case. * They were convicted,'
according to the statement of Lord Stanley,' of trea-
son-felony; the most prominent overt act proved
against them being that they had come over to Ire-
land and cruised along the coast with intent to effect
a landing of men and arms in Ireland in order to
raise an insurrection against the queen.'
"It was stated in the House of Commons by Earl
Mayo, chief secretary for Ireland, in answer to in-
quiries by Mr. Mills, that the only evidence given
againstthem of their proccedingsin the United States
was that of their being members of the Fenian broth-
erhood previous to March, 1867, the date of the
overt acts with which other prisoners in Ireland were
charged. This evidence he regarded as necessary to
connect them with the Fenian society, and in ac-
cordance with the provisions of the treason-felony
act to bring them within the jurisdiction of the
court.
"The public journals of Great Britain, in the re-
ports of these trials, represent them as proceeding
upon the allegation that the accused were convicted
of offenses committed within the jurisdiction of
Great Britain; that the reference made to words
spoken or acts done in the United States were inci-
dental, and not material to the trial. Among other
journals,the London Times thus refers to these trials:
" ' On looking back to the trial of the two prisoners
we find the case for tho prosecution was constantly
directed to establish the guilt of tho prisoners in
respect of their hostile return to Ireland. "Whatever
else they might be charged with, the Jacmel expe-
dition engaged tho attention of judges, barristers,
and jury.'
" It is undoubtedly true that the courts held that
the accused were subject to the law as subjects of
Great. Britain, notwithstanding their naturalization
as citizens of the United States; and that, as subjects
of Great Britain, under their hart-h inteipretation
of obsolete laws, they might be held responsible for
acts committed or words spoken in tho United States.
But it does not appear that the prisoners were con-
victed upon this interpretation of the law, but upon
the allegation that their offenses were committed
within the jurisdiction, and were intended to incite
insurrection against the Government of Great Brit-
ain, Such provisions of public law exist in many
States.
"There are several statutes of the United States
which hold citizens responsible for acts beyond the
jurisdiction of the United States.
"The neutrality act of 1818 provides that any per-
son within the territory of the United States who
shall enlist in the service of any foreign prince. State,
colony, or district as a soldier, marine, or seaman, or
who shall go beyond the limits or jurisdiction of the
United States with intent to be enlisted or entered
into such service, shall be deemed guilty of high
misdemeanor, and shall be fined not exceeding
$1,000 and imprisoned not exceeding three years.
(Fifteenth Congress, 1818, first session, ch. 88, sec. 2.)
"The collectors of customs are authorized and
required to detain any vessel manifestly built for
41ST CfXKTG. 2D SESS.—No. 1.
warlike purposes and about to depart the United
States, when the circumstances shall render it prob-
able that such vessel is intended to be employed to
cruise or commit hostilities upon the subjects, citi-
zens, or property of any foreign prince or State, or
any colony, district, or people with whom the United
States are at peace, and to require a bond and seonrity
of the owners. (Fifteenth Congress, 1818, first ses-
sion, ch. 88, sec, 2.)
" If any citizen of the United States, within the
limits thereof, shall fit out and arm any private ship
or vessel of war, with intent that it shall be em-
ployed to cruise or commit hostilities upon citizens
of the United States, he shall be deemed guilty
of high misdemeanor, fined not more than §10,000,
and imprisoned not more than ten years; ' and tho
trial for such offense, if committed without tho lim-
its of the United States, shall be in the district in
which the offender shall bo apprehended or first
brought.' (Fifteenth Congress, 1818, first session,
ch. 38, sec. 4.)
" The owners or consignees of every armed vessel
sailing out of the ports of the United States, belong-
ing wholly or in part to citizens thereof, shall enter
into bonds of tho United States, with sufficient sure-
ties, prior to clearing out the same, in double tho
amount of the value of tho vessel and cargo, includ-
ing her armament, that the said ship or vessel shall
not be employed to cruise or commit hostilities
against the subjects of any foreign prince, colony,
State, or district with whom the united States are
at peace. (Fifteenth Congress, 1818, first session, ch.
88, sec. 10.)
"If any offense shall bo committed onboard of
any ship or vessel belonging to any citizen of the
United States while lying within the jurisdiction
ot any foreign State or sovereign, the offenso shall
bo punishable by the proper circuit court of the
United States in the same manner as if it had been
committed on board of such ship on tho high seas,
beyond the jurisdiction of such foreign State or sov-
ereign. (Statutes of 1828, ch. 65, see. 5.)
"The ground of complaint on the part of the peo-
ple of this country is not altogether in tho iaot that
Great Britain claims jurisdiction, to a limited ex-
ton t, of its subjects when beyond its actual jurisdic-
tion. It is substantially that it denies absolutely the
right of self-expatriation; that it repudiates tho doc-
trino of emigration and naturalization, upon which
tho American Government is founded; that by its
exorcise of the asserted right of arrest it effectually
debars a largo number of Americans from tho uni-
versally conceded privilegoof locomotion and travel;
that by its assumed authority to determine for itself
the nationality of citizens of co-sovereign States it
undermines the foundation of all Governments that
restupon the theory of expatriation, emigration, nat-
uralization, and self-government. Tho frequent and
persistent arrests of American citizens by the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain, and the fact that other Eu-
ropean States were following her example, alarmed
the people and Government of the United States,
and led them to demand, with a unanimity seldom
witnessed, that tho extent, character, origin, and
nature of their rights should be considered and de-
termined by tho supreme authority of the States so
deeply interested. They demanded at least that
whatever might be the solution ot the question that
at least its considei ation and final settlement should
not be longer postponed.
"Numerous memorials were presented during the
first session of the present Congress from all parts of
the country, calling upon Congross to determine and
enforce the rights of American citizens resident in
foreign countries. These petitions were from nearly
every State, and signed by representatives of all
parties. No subjecthasevershown greaterunanim-
ity of opinion than this demand tor the protection
of American citizens resident or traveling in foreign
States. In obedience to tho prayer of these peti-
tions, a bill was passed by the Houso of Represent-
atives extending the authority of the President upon
tho subject. It embodied principles of legislation
not before asserted by any Government, but entirely
consiste at with enlightened theories of international
law, and necessary ior the protection ot tho citizens
of one State against unauthorized and oppressive
acts of other States, which were at variance with the
rights claimed by all civilized nations in this age
when intercourse and communication are constant
and universal. .
"This act asserted the right of self-expatriation,
emigration, naturalization, and self-government; it
protested against the invasion of these privileges by
foreign nations; it asserted tho necessity of the
recognition of these doctrines, upon which personal
liberty and national independence could alone
depend, and the prompt and final disavowal of the
doctrines of inalienable allegiance of naturalized
American citizens to foreign States. It declared all
acts, instructions, opinions, orders, or decisions of
any officers of the American Government which deny,
restrict, impair, or question these rights, to be incon-
sistent with the fundamental principles of this Gov-
ernment. It declared that all naturalized citizens of
the United States while in foreign States should be en-
titled to and receive from this Government the same
protection of persons and property that is accorded
to native-born citizens; and the more effectually to
secure the recognition of these rights, it authorized
the President, whenever it should bo made known
to him that any citizen of the United States had been
arrested, and was detained by any foreign Govern-
ment, upon the allegation that naturalization m the
United States does not operate to dissolve his alle-
giance to his native sovereign,or when ever any citizen
should be arrested and detained, whose release upon
demand should be unreasonably delayed or refused,
to suspend in part, or wholly, commercial relations
with the said Government; or in caso no other rem-
edy should be available, to order the arrest and to
detain in custody any subject or citizen of such for-
eign Government who might be found within tho
jurisdiction of the United States, who had not de-
clared his intention to become a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, except embassadors and other public
ministers and their domestics and domestic servants.
" This measure was not so much intended to con-
trol the settlement of the questions involved as to
compel a consideration and settlement of a matter
which had been in issue from tho foundation of our
Government, and which as an abstract question other
Governments had persistently refused to consider,
and to which they gave attention only when tho
rights of individuals were so far affected as to force
our Government to interfere for their protection.
The apprehension that the power of reprisal—in
itself a just and peaooful exercise of tho undoubted
rights or nations—might be considered a declaration
of war, led to an amendment of this clause of the act
by the Senate, and with this modification it passed
both Houses of Congress, and was approved oy the
President July 27,186S.
"The following is a copy of tho statute. It is in
itself a declaration of independence in behalf of tho
naturalized citizens of tho United States:
"' An act concerning tho rights of American citizens
in foreign States.
"4 "Whereas the right of expatriation is a natural
and inheront right of all people, indispensable to
the enjoyment of tho rights of life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness; and whereas in the recogni-
tion of this principle this Government has freely
received immigrants from all nations and invested
them with the rights of citizenship; and whereas it
is claimed that such American citizens, with their
descendants, arc subjects of foreign States, owing
allegiance to tho Governments thereof; and whereas
it is necessary to the maintenance of public peace
that this claim of foreign allegiance should be
promptly and finally disavowed; Therefore,
"* JJc -it enacted bp the Senate, and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That any declaration,- instruction, opin-
ion, order, or decision of any officers of this Govern'
ment which denies, restricts, impairs, or questions
tho right of expatriation is hereby declared incon-
sistent with the fundamental principles of this Gov-
ernment.
" * Skc. 2. And be it further enacted* That all natur-
alized citizens of tho United States, while in foreign
States, shall bo entitled to and shall receive from
this Government the same protection of persons and
property that is accorded to native-born citizens in
like situations and circumstances.
"'Skc. 3. And be it farther enacted. That whenever
it shall bo made known to the President that any
citizen of the United States has been unjustly de-
prived of his liberty by or under the authority of
nny foreign Government it shall be the duty of the
President forthwith to demand of that Government
the reasons for such imprisonment, and if it appear*
to be wrongful and in violation of the rights of
American citizenship the President shall forthwith
demand tho release of such citizen, and if the release
so demanded is unreasonably delayed or refused it
shall bethedutyof thePresident to use suchmeans,
not amounting to acts of war, as he may think neces-
sary and proper to obtain or effectuate such release,
and all tho facts and proceedings relative thereto
shall as soon as practicable be communicated by the
President to Congress/
" In pursuance of this action of the people and of
Congress, the President made successful demands for
the release of American citizens who had been ar-
rested under the circumstances detailed, and tho
committee is gratified to be able to stato that all
American citizens who had been arrested, either un-
derthe claimof indefeasible allegiance orfor alleged
participation in insurrectionary movements against
the Government of Great Britain, have been released.
Among others, tho persons named in the resolution
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Messrs.
Warren and Costello, are included.
'' The followin g statement was transmitted by Mr.
Moran, secretary of tho American legation at Lon-
"' I learn this morning TMay 22, 1868] from Mr.
"West, the consul at Dublin, that Mr. Denis O'Connor,
the last imprisoned American citizen in Ireland
known to him, has accepted his release.'
"Additional information was submitted to the
House in a communication from the President tho
2d of March, 1869, as follows:
"'The Secretary of State, referring to his report
to the President of tho 29th ultimo, accompanied by
a copy of correspondence relating to the imprison-
ment in Iroland of Messrs. Costello and Warren,
citizens of the United States, informs tho House that
he has the honor to report further that he has been
informed by Mr. Edward Thornton, her Britannic
Majesty's minister here, and by Mr. Reverdy John-
son, tho United States minister at London, that those
persons have been released.' .
" In the House of Commons, February 22, in reply
to a question by The O'Connor Don, Mr. 0. iortes-
cuo, the new secretary for Ireland, said the (yovern-
ment had carefully examined tho list of prisoners
now undergoing penal servitude on charges ot trea-
