1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3943
out reference to geographical extent, without
confining it either to the overplus of popula-
tion, there is an immense accumulation and
a continual supply of business in that circuit
very much greater in all regards, speaking not
only of business disposed of at nisi prius, but
of business which goes to the courts in banc,
than in any other circuit.
New England naturally belongs together;
and not being sufficiently clannish, not being
sufficiently willing to go together and to keep
together, is certainly not among the sins or
fillings of the New England States. But they
belong geographically together, and from the
nature of things together, and when put to-
gether, as the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee has said, they make a circuit not only
very much smaller than the circuit which will
be left in New York, but very much smaller
than these other circuits.
Our friends from New Jersey have done us
the kindness to express a willingness to belong
to the circuit which is to be comprised of New
York now. I wish, as I said of Connecticut,
that properly and conveniently we might be all
together; that we might have not only Con-
necticut, but New Jersey ; but I think every
lawyer who has studied this matter at all must
know 
Mr. MORTON. And the adjoining States.
Mr. CONKLING. And then, as the Sen-
ator from Indiana says, the adjoining States.
I should be very glad to add Indiana especially
if we cannot have them all. But if we are
going to accomplish anything by this legisla-
tion we must have some sort of equality in
the circuits. At all events, we must not take
that circuit which is loaded down and clogged
beyond all others and annex to it active com-
munities, which in the place of relieving will
aggravate the very difficulties we are striking
at. Therefore I hope N ew York will be left
by herself; and when so left, I repeat, she will
be more clogged and incumbered with business
than any other circuit.
Mr. STOCKTON. I agree with the Senator
from New York who has just taken his seat.
This is simply a question of business; and
the circuits should be so arranged that 110
judge shall have more to do than another, so
tar as that end can be accomplished. As this
bill went to the committee originally it included
in the second circuit the districts of New York
and New Jersey, and I think it was a much
better and a much more convenient division
than that now proposed by the Committee on
the Judiciary. I should like to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the third circuit as
they propose to arrange it. It is to be com-
posed of the districts of New Jersey, Pennsyl-
vania, Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia.
Now, I suppose that next to the State of New
York and next to the city of New York the
State of Pennsylvania and the city of Phila-
delphia have more business in the United States
courts than any other State and city.
Mr. CONKLING-. Will my honorable friend
allow me one moment ?
Mr. STOCKTON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. If he will, I beg to say
to him that if he will look at the docket ol
the Supreme Court, and if he will look at the
record which proves precisely the point which
he is discussing, he willbe surprised to see the
smallness of the amount of business furnished
by the entire State of Pennsylvania, including
the city of Philadelphia. I repeat he will be
surprised to find, relatively, how small it is.
Mr. STOCKTON. I presume the Senator
is alluding to the docKet oflhe Supreme Court
oi the United States.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Not only that, but of the
circuit, court and the district court.
.Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator from New Jer-
sey v/ill permit me, I will state that that refers
entirely to the docket of the Supreme Court.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; 1 beg the Sen-
ator's pardon ; it includes the circuit court also.
Mr. SCOTT. Which is only an evidence of
how far the judgments of the United States
courts in Pennsylvania are acquiesced in, rather
than of the amount of litigation that has actu-
ally taken place in them.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I have no doubt they
make very good law in that circuit; but the
Senator will find that the amount of business
is very small, relatively, for the circuit and dis-
trict.
Mr. STOCKTON. The State of Virginia
has had no circuit court business and no court
there for ten years, and is one of the largest
States in this "Union, and she is to be put on to
this over-taxed circuit. My attention has been
called to this subject from letters received from
the State of Pennsylvania. As I said before,
this is not a matter of affection or love; it is a
matter of business ; and I desire simply to call
the attention of the committee to the fact that
if they will examine it more carefully and learn
the business going on in Pennsylvania f think
it will be found that that circuit is entirely over-
burdened; it is too heavy. I believe the better
arrangement would be the one made by the bill
as originally sent to the committee, leaving New
York and New Jersey together. I am much
indebted to the Senator from Pennsylvania, as
I have received many letters from his constitu-
ents on this subject urging upon me, when the
proper time came, to see if New Jersey could
not be taken from that circuit.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to say a few words in
regard to the proposed arrangement of the cir-
cuits by this bill. I call attention first to the
population of several of the circuits as they
stand in this bill. The proposed circuit, com-
posed of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware,
Maryland, and Virginia, by the census of 1860
contained a population of 5,973,730; in round
numbers six millions, or one fifth of the whole
population of the United States in 1800. If we
take now the fourth circuit, which follows, ac-
cording to the census of I860 there was in that
circuit a population of 2,537,294, or very little
over one third of the population of the proposed
third circuit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is mis-
taken. The fourth circuit as we propose it in
this bill had a population in 1800 of 3,858,242.
Mr. SCOTT. As I read, the circuit m the
proposed bill it is to consist of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama,
and Tennessee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That makes a popula-
tion of 4.908,000; almost five millions.
Mr. SCOTT. Then the Senator and I must
have got hold of different census tables, for I
have added them up and they make 2,537,294.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Read them over and
we can compare them.
Mr. SCOTT. I have not the details. I
have the aggregate here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) It becomes the duty of the
Chair, the hour of one o'clock having arrived,
to arrest the progress of this bill and_ to an-
nounce that House bill No. 1977 is before the
Senate as the unfinished business of Saturday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to pass over
that bill for the purpose of concluding the bill
under consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope it will
not he passed over. If this bill is not likely
to occupy much time, I have no objection to
its being laid aside informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the unfinished business of Satur-
day will be laid aside informally. The Chair
hears no objection.
executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not, wish to interfere
with this bill; but agreeably to notice I now
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. until we
finish this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. This is business that must
be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to proceed to the consideration of executive
business is iu order, and must be decided with-
out debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a division on
the motion. I hope we shall finish this bill
before we do anything else.
Mr. MORTON. 1 hope we shall go into
executive session.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirtj-two,
noes not counted ; and the Senate thereupon
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After four hours and a half spent
in executive session, the doors were reopened.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 27th
instant approved and signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 177) creating an additional
land district in the Territory of Colorado; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) author-
izing the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
to issue its bonds for the construction of its
road, and to secure the same by mortgage.
GULF STEAMSHIP SERVICE.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following res-
olution for consideration:
lleaolve.il, That the bill (S. No. 683) authorizing
mail steamship service in the Gulf of Mexico be-
tween the port of New Orleans, Louisiana, and cer-
tain ports of the republic of Mexico be placed upon
the Calendar of special orders.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate take
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
procecd to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 86. *
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are iu executive ses-
sion.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the doors be
considered open.
Mr. SUMNER. They are open.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) The doors are open.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House resolu-
tion No. 86.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the regular order?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The regular
order is the appropriation bill which is unfin-
ished. I hope we shall be allowed to finish
that; it will not take five minutes, I think.
Mr. SAWYER. Was not the judiciary bill
left unfinished when we went into executive
session ^
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that the judiciary bill was under
consideration when the Senate went into exec-
utive session and is now the business regularly
in order. It is subject, however, to a call for
tlie unfinished business of Saturday last.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 call for the
regular order.
Mr. STEWART. I hope rny friend from
Maine will let me have a few minutes to get
this joint resolution out of the way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is to be
discussed.
Mr. STEWART. I will give way witu the
understanding that we can proc 3ed^ with this
] joint resolution after the approp ?iatioa bill is
' disposed of; or if the Senator from Maine will
allow me to call up the joint res dution, IJT
then waive it for the purpose cf letting hun
have the appropriation bill consilered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I must call for
the regular order. _ ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The regular
order is House bill No. 1977. It is now before
the Senate, being called for b; the Senator
from Maine.
