1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2999
thick; and then iron bars, comprising flat bars
not less than one and a half inches nor more
than four inches wide and less than half of an
inch and not less than three eighths of an inch
thick. Under the law, as it now stands, all
bar iron, rolled or hammered, not less than
one inch wide nor less than three eighths of
an inch thick is subject to the duty of 1 cent
per pound. Now, by the ways and means the
committee have adopted they have devised
means of increasing the tariff on all that class
of iron which comes within the description of
being between one inch and one and a half
inches wide, and between three eighths of an
inch and half an inch thick, a quarter of a cent
per pound.
Mr. LOGAN. The articles they have re-
duced the duty on are articles that are brought
in in very small quantities; while the duties
are increased on those articles of which much
more are imported.
Mr. BECK. No doubt that is the effect of
it, and that was the object of it. When you
compare the three paragraphs here with the
present law it will be found that there is an
aggregate increase of 25 per cent. When I
said the other day that such was the case not
amemberofthe Committee of Ways and Means
on that side would admit that fact'. Now the
argument is coming, just as I said it would,
that they raise the duty on the most valuable
kinds of iron and reduce it on the kinds not
so valuable. They have struck out the class
that came in heretofore at 1 cent per pound
and made it subject to a duty of lj- cents per
pound, for the purpose of increasing the tariff
over what it is now; and that embraces the
most valuable class of iron, and of which the
largest amount is imported. Read the present
law and then read the three paragraphs re-
ported in this bill from the Committee of Ways
and Means, and you will find that therfe is an
increase of one quarter of a cent per pound in
the duty upon the most valuable class of bar
iron, and that class of which the most is used,
as the amount of tariff received on the different
classes shows.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire simply to call
the attention of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] and of the Committee of the
Whole to what is the principal difference in
the change of classification.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would inquire
of the Chair to what amendment the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] is
speaking?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] is to add
a proviso to the pending paragraph. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] moves
to strike out certain words of the paragraph.
An amendment to the portion proposed to be
stricken out is in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I will move to
make the duty lj cents per pound instead of
$22 40 per ton, as the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] proposes. The principal differ-
ence in classification between this bill and the
present law will be found in the width of the flat
bars. In the present law six inches wide is the
dividing point; in this bill it is four inches wide.
Now, I need not say to one so well acquainted
with the subject of working iron as is my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that by working
iron in bars six inches in width you develop a
great many defects in the metal that are not
discovered in narrower iron. The wider you
make it and the finer you make it the more
defects you develop in the metal, and of course
the greater waste and loss. The object of the
division is to make a discrimination between
that class of iron and that which requires the
less labor and which is attended with less waste
and loss of material. The principal difference,
as I have already remarked—and I call the
attention of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] to that—is in the width of the flat
bars, making the distinction four inches instead
of, as the law now is, six inches.
Mr, LOGAN. Inasmuch as it is for my ben-
efit that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] is talking, I would like to ask him
to explain one thing for me.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman is so cour-
teous himself that of course I cannot refuse
anything he asks.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman state to
the House whether there is not imported into
this country a greater proportion of the class-
ification of iron upon which the tariff is raised
than of the class upon which the tariff is reduced ?
Mr. MAYNARD. My recollection is that
there is not one half the amount.
Mr. LOGAN. What?
Mr. MAYNARD. That there is not one
half the amount; that is my recollection.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely wanted to know
what the opinion of the gentleman was, and I
have it. And I must say to him that it is
entirely unsatisfactory.
Mr. MAYNARD. The question propounded
by the gentleman, as I understand it, is whether
there is not more iron imported of the sizes
upon" which itis here proposed to raise the duty
from 1 cent per pound to 1| cents per pound
than of the sizes the duty upon which it is pro-
posed to reduce from 1J cents per pound to 1J
cents per pound. My answer is that according
to my recollection there is more than twice as
much imported of that which is reduced as of
that which is raised. And my associate on the
Committee of Ways and Means, the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] himself
an importer, tells me that I am entirely correct
in my recollection.
Mr. LOGAN. Does the gentleman say that
his informant is an importer of iron?
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand so.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to be satisfied
on that point. If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] is an importer of iron
I would accept his opinion.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
a single word with reference to what seems to
me the rather unfair treatment of this question.
■ The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] have
said that there had been a, change in both the
classification and the rates of duty with the
view of raising the tariff. As I understand,
they intend to charge the committee with an
attempt to impose upon the House.
Mr. LOGAN. No, Mr. Chairman; if the
gentleman will allow me 
Mr. BLAIR. I suppose we shall have to
allow the gentleman to do almost anything.
Mr. LOGAN, There is no necessity for that.
I will say to the gentleman that nobody charges
the committee with attempting to impose upon
the House. I never thought of such a thing.
If I were to make any charge at all I would
charge that the committee themselves had been
imposed upon. I know that they are not capa-
ble of imposing upon the House.
Mr. BLAIR. The committee have no par-
ticular pride about this matter; but it is cer-
tainly true that they have given this subject
some little consideration, and I venture to say
that thegentleman from Illinois has not given
it much. I venture to say further that the state-
ment he has made that the class of iron on
which this paragraph proposes a small increase
of duty is much greater than the class on
which the duty is reduced is wholly without
foundation.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me I will state my authority. The statement
which I made came first from a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and was made
publicly in a speech on this floor; and it was
not disputed at the time. If gentlemen of the
committee give us improper information they
ought not to complain when we cite their state-
ments.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Is that
all the authority the gentleman had?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; it is not all. My
own intelligence .gave me a little more. I
hunted up some other authorities, some which
. the committee ought to have had.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Chairman, I shall not
indulge at all in any personal suggestions upon
this subject, though if it wero necessary it
would be very easy to say, and I think the
Committee of the Whole would sustain the
statement, that the gentlemen who are so very
anxious about the clauses of this bill are not
attempting to perfect the bill, but to destroy it.
Everybody here knows that well enough.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will call his attention to the fact that a
member of the committee proposed awhile
ago to strike out one of the committee's own
paragraphs.
Mr. BLAIR. That was after the paragraph
had been amended in such a way that some of
us thought it was not so good as the provis-
ion of the present law. The gentleman is very
uncandid when he says that we moved to strike
out our own section. Prior to the motion to
strike out the paragraph had been materially
changed by amendments. As I have remarked,
I would prefer the provision of the existing
law to the paragraph of this bill as amended
by the Committee of the Whole. So far as I
am concerned I believe it to be true that the
Committee of Ways and Means has endeav-
ored to deal with the House in entire fairness,
and that when it proposed this change it did
so under the supposition that there was a con-
siderable reduction in the duties upon bar iron,
and gentlemen have not shown the contrary.
This is the fact, as the evidence before us
shows and as an examination by any intel-
ligent man will prove.
4Here the hammer fell.]
'he CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out "40
cents.''
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
As I understand, the gentleman from New
York moved to add a proviso to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. He did.
Mr. SCHENCK. And upon that no vote
has as yet been taken. I am of the opinion
that the motion of the gentleman from Illinois
was not then in. order, because it was not per-
fecting a paragraph proposed to be stricken
out, but perfecting a paragraph to which it
proposes to append something else.
The CHAIRMAN. ^ It is in order for the
gentleman from Illinois to move to strike out
the whole or any portion of the paragraph ;
but before the question can be taken on that
motion amendments for the perfection of the
paragraph must be disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. What becomes in the
mean time of the motion to amend the para-
graph ?
The CHAIRMAN. The vote must be first
taken on amendments perfecting the para-
graphs before the vote can be taken on the
motion to strike out.
Mr. SCHENCK. The motion of the gen-
tleman from New York is not to strike out
anything, but to add a proviso to this para-
graph.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Now, Mr.
Chairman, the Committee of Ways and Means
disagree as to the effect of this provision in this
new tariff reported. by them to the House.
Why do they disagree ? With all due respect
to the Committee of Ways and Means, I will
say that we did not know much about it. We
did not knowas much about it as others who
are experts in reference to iron manufacture
and the importation of iron. We therefore
resorted to various sources for information.
Now, if I know anything in the world, and if
I aui fortified in anything by the best authority
