1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4887
plain of it it is those whose incomes are less
rather than those whose incomes are more than
$2,OO0._
It is jast as manifest that the burdens of that
tax are equal among ali those upon whom it
falls, as that the exemptions are equal. It is
a specific tax of three cents on each dollar,
touching one man as it touches every other
man whom it touches at all. Who shall com-
plain of that? The burdens of the tax are
equal, exactly equal; the exemptions of the tax
are exactly equal to all who are visited by the
tax. If this is so, it would seem to me that
there could be but two grounds of objection
to it that were possible. If you could main-
tain either that ihe tax was greater than the
Government ought to exact, or that it was
greater than the citizen could bear—if you could
maintain either of these propositions, we ought
to dispense with that tax ; but you do not pre-
tend to say that three per cent, on these in-
comes raises a revenue which the Government
does not need. You know, on the contrary,
that while that three per cent, will yield you
about twenty million dollars, the country must
furnish nearly three hundred million dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me to interrupt him, I will say that I agree
with him in all he says; but we have gone
through all this contest. If we are going
to fight the battle about the income tax over
again, I shall be discouraged.
Mr. DRAKE. We had better fight it over
again.
Mr. SHERMAN. If'I thought there was a
possibility of changing the vote of the Senate,
I would do it.
Mr. DRAKE. I think there is a possibility.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not the slightest.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, I ac-
knowledge that I am entirely out of time—at
least I suppose I am—in making these remarks.
I have not said a word upon the bill up to this
time. The pending question is upon striking
out a tax on income. I am going to vote against
striking that out; and these remarks that I am
making seem'to me to have a tendency to jus-
tify that vote. But if it is the deliberate judg-
ment of the Committee on Finauce that I ought
not to make them I will desist.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to be mis-
understood. My conviction is strong and earn-
est that we made a great mistake in taking off
the income tax; but the Senate struck this
out by a majority of ten, our own party being
evenly divided, and every' Democrat voting
against the lax.
Mr. HOWE. They have not struck this out.
Mr. SIIEIiMAN, They struck out the two
sections which impose the five per cent, income
tax, and the remaining sections are made up
of mere details.
Mr. HOWE. Then I ask to have the pend-
ing question reported. It may be that no such
question is pending as I think is.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will look
at page 77 of the bill 
Mr. HOWE. I have not the bill before me ;
it is in my desk.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 77 the Senator
will find the following clause :
That t here shall bo levied ami collected annually
a tax of three per cent. upon the gain?, profits, anil
income of every person residing in tile United
States, Jce.
That one section is the operative section of
the income tax part of the law. Then there is
the mode of collecting, first, the personal in-
come, collected in a certain way; then the tax
on incomes received from corporations, col-
lected in a certain way. But this one section
is the operative section of the income tax part
of the law. That being stricken out, as a mat-
ter of course the whole goes. The rest would
be merely nonsense without that first section ;
and unless some one who voted in the majority
moves to reconsider the vote on that section
we are merely wasting time.
Mr. CONKL/ING. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin allow me to make one remark ?
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
Mr. CONKLING, I wish to make a brief
statement, as it was upon my motion that the
section referred to was stricken out. It would
not have been in order for me to make that
motion until the bill had been read all the way
through and we reached in order the motion ;
but the Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the
committee, invited the motion as to time, he
saying that the committee would be glad in
season to know the judgment of the Senate
upon that point. Therefore I moved, at a time
when I could not have moved except by his
permission, to strike out that section. The
motion, first, was to strike outthejwholo group
of sections. Then some member of the com-
mittee—I think the honorable Senator before
me, [Mr. Williams]—suggested that if the first
section were stricken out, which, strictly speak-
ing, would be a more parliamentary motion,
then every other section cognate to it would
of necessity fall, and hence that all that would
he necessary would be' to move to strike out
that section.
_ The motion was then made, not only as to
time, but as to effect, with the understanding
that it was made as a test motion, as a motion
which when voted upon would inform the com-
mittee of the sense of the Senate, and the com-
mittee would act accordingly. After being
debated two days and a part of a third the vote
was taken.
Now, it seems if there ever was a test ques-
tion, if a body was ever informed particularly
and carefully that the friends and the enemies
of the motion both desired it to be a test, this
was that case; and the motion was made cer-
tainly with the understanding and the inform-
ation that the first section being stricken out,
all the other bricks in that row fell with it if
the motion should prevail. I beg to remind
the Senator from Wisconsin of the form in
which it came up, as I made the motion myself.
Mr. HOWE. I can only say that I never
entered into any such bond; and I did not
know that the Senate did ; but if the Senator
from New York can establish the fact that we
are bound by contract, bound by stipulation,
to abide the result of the vote taken the other
day so far as it depends upon the question of
income tax, then I answer that instead of my
argument, being a little too late, it is butalittle
too early ; because I should insist upon making
it, or making some part of it, when the Com-
mittee on Finance bring forward theirproposi-
tion to continue the full tax on sugar. While
this Senate, and so long as this Senate says
that it will not allow the small sum of three
cents on the dollar to be collected from in-
comes over $2,000 per annum, I stand here
to say that I will not allow by my vote au
additional farthing to be levied on the sugar
that is consumed in this eountr}', nor a far-
thing upon the gross receipts derived from the
business of this country. So that I shall
feel bound to vote against the proposition sub-
mitted here this morning as the alternative of
this; and I should want to say something, and
1 think the liberality of the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance would con-
sent that I might occupy a little time in justify-
ing as well as I could my vote against these
propositions; and under those circumstances I
hope he will allow me to go on without objec-
tion now for a short time. I do not think I
shall occupy a great deal of time this morning.
Mr. President, when interrupted I was speak-
ing of the error, the mistake which I think we
committed in voting to exempt incomes from
all tax ; and I shall pursue that line of con-
duct, because it is only by showing that we were
mistaken in exempting incomes from taxation
that I can hope to justify myself for not voting
to increase the tax upon sugar and to continue
the tax upon gross receipts.
I was saying that if it could bo shown either
that this tax was greater than the Government
required or greater than the citizen could stand,
then cause would be shown why the tax should
be stricken out from the list; but I say it is not
greater than the Government requires, because
in addition to these $20,000,000 which it is said
will be raised by the three per cent, tax, we re-
quire some $250,000,000, which must be raised
from other sources. The Government requires
the whole of this and a great deal.more th an this.
Can, then, the citizen afford to pay this tax
of three per cent.? .Tust so often as in the Sen-
ate or in the country we have heard this tax
struck at, it has been declared burdensome,
onerous, grievous. Now, I ask the question
if it be either. It is a tax of three cents on
the dollar on all incomes over $2,000. Now,
sir, when you exempt $2,000 from the bur-
den of this tax, you exempt a, sum which was
greater than the State of Maine paid to any
one of its officials when I was a citizen of that
State ; you exempt a sum considerably larger
than the State of Wisconsin until a very recent
date paid to its Governor ; you exempt a larger
sum than the United States paid to the judges
of their district courts until a veryrecent date.
Two thousand dollars of income is absolutely
exempt. When you have exempted that amount
of income from the tax, I think, inasmuch as
that is a great deal larger sum than ninety-nine
hundredths of our people have to subsist on,
you will see that there is no sort of danger of
oppressing anybody by the rate of tax that you
put upon the residue. But what is the tax that
you put upon the rest? It is three cents on the
dollar. Before the Government can get thirty
dollars out of any man, he must have an income
of §1,000 over the $2,000 exempt. When the
Governmentgets thirty dollars, they leave to the
individual an income of $2,970. Is that a bur-
densome tax? It yields a large sum to the
Treasury. I ask any man here if he believes
there is a citizen of this country who really
feels the payment of that tax? If there is any
one, it is some salaried man who pays it out
of his salary, every dollar of which he needs
for the support and consumption of his family.
There may be such cases.
Mr. President, the returns have shown us
individual fortunes in this country, I think,
which pay a tax on an income of $1,500,000
a year. He who has that income, it is true,
pays an enormous sum into the Treasury; he
pays $45,000, at this rate of three per cent.,
into the Treasury. You may say that that is
a very heavy exaction to put on any man. It
is requiring of a man a great deal to pay
$45,000 into the Treasury. So it is. It would
hurt me to pay that amount into the Treasury ;
I would feel it a burden : but, aftqr all, give
me $1,500,000, and I will undertake it. Mr.
President, when you take $45,000of tax from
such an income as that, what do you leave the
poverty-stricken tax-payer to support himself
on? Only $1,455,000. That is all lie has
left. You pity him, do you; you bleed for him,
do you, because he pays $45,000 into the
Treasury and has but $1,455,000 left to sup-
port his family on? You think that is the
man for whose protection you ought to strain
legislation to save him something out of that
$45,000 to eke out that pittance of $1,455,000.
You think you should snatch a few more cop-
pers from the sugar that is consumed in this
country, and snatch a little more money from
the business of this country. Is that our de-
liberate judgment of what justice requires?
There is not a tax on the books so little felt,
so absolutely unfelt in the payment of it, as
this income tax by the possessors of the great
fortunes upon which it falls. Look over the
list and see what you get.
Who does not know that, philosophically
considered, these enormous fortunes are abso-
lutely a nuisance to the possessors and come
very near being that to the public? They have
no conceivable, no possible use for them; they
are a burden absolutely. Besides that, the
