2056
THE iOONGElSSI01M.L' GLOBE.
March 18,
under that constitution "when it should become
the supreme law of th£ State. But the elec-
tion in 1869 and the presentation of the con-
stitution to Congress did not insure any favor-
able or early a-otion here., The' Governor and
State ;offioers and members of- the Legislature
were held in abeyance, awaiting the action of
Congress; and o.ne half of their entire terms
(if weir terms were to commence at the date
of their election) was exhausted before the
State was admitted.
We were admitted on. I think, the 23d of
February. 1861, just during the expiring days
of the administration of Mr. Buchanan. The
Legislature came together immediately, or as
soon as they could be called after the admis-
sion, and Senators were elected to this body.
The member of Congress elect took his seat
in the other House. When Senators toolc their
seats in this body the term of the office of Gov-
ernor and Legislative Assembly of the State had
nearly expired, that is if they were to date their
terms from the time of their election. But the
Legislature came together in April after the ad-
mission, and they passed a law by which it was
provided that the Governor and Stat© officers
should not be elected till 1862. The constitu-
tion of the Stato of Kansas limited the term
of the Governor to two years, and he was
elected in 1859. The language of the consti-
tution is:
"That tho Governor and Stato officers shall hold
their olliccs for the term of two yoars from tho second
Monday in January next after their eleotion, and
until their succes^is arc eleeted arid qualified."
It became somewhat of an interesting ques-
tion in my State whelher this Governor and the
Legislature were to remain in office only during
the expiring hall' of the last of the two years
after they were elected, or whether they should
have two years of existence after the State
came into the Union. But the Legislature set-
tled thai question to the satisfaction at least
of the Governor by providing that the election
Should take place in 1882, thus prolonging his
term until January, 1808. Ilis term was lim-
ited by tho constitution to two years, ho being
elected in 1859; and by this act one branch
of the Legislature was extended to 1863, which
was something over throe years from the date
of the first election. That was generally ac-
quiesced in, but not entirely. There were
those who thought the term of office would
expire at the close of 1861, and so an elec-
tion was held in the State for members of the
lower house, and nominees for Governor and
other officers-were voted for; but the consti-
tution provided that the returns of elections
should be made to the Governor, and the Gov-
ernor of Kansas at that time, conceiving it to
be the law that no Governor should be elected
until 1802, refused to count the votes that were
polled in 1801. So that although there had
been quite a general election for a Governor
in 1861, jet there was no way by which it
could be ascertained whether one was eleeted,
because the officers appointed by the constitu-
tion and law to count the votes refused to
count them. A writ of mandamus was finally
sued out to compel the Governor to count tho
votes and declare the election for 18G1. The
report of' that case will be found in the first
volume of Kansas Reports. I do not propose
to read tho whole of it, because it is somewhat
lengthy. The opinion was delivered by Judge
Ewing ; and it is a decision that I have never
heard criticised, never heard complained of, and
it sustained the Legislature, and held that the
election of 1862 was the valid election, and not
the election of 1861.
_ i may refer again to this case. I wish now
simply to say that in some respects, and yet
not in every respect, the case of Georgia" is
parallel. In the case of Georgia all govern-
ments there up to this time have been pro-
visional. They had a convention, and a Legis-
lature, and a government therein 1865, called
the Johnson government. There was a Gov-
ernor elected, and a convention held, and a
constitution adopted, but I believe it never
came to anything:. That government and those
laws have never been regarded as the govern-
men tor laws of Georgia, because it was pro-
visional, and yet not more so than the govern-
ment and laws of Georgia organized under the
act of Congress and represented here, as l am
told, by Governor Bullock. ■
Mr. EDMUNDS.- Do you mean to say that
the decision was that your Legislature and
Governor up to the admission of the State
were provisional?
Mr. POMEROY. I did not say anything
on that subject in regard to Kansas in the case
referred to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg your pardon.
Mr. POMEROY. I said that in many re-
spects the condition of things in Georgia was
precisely like that in Kansas, yet not in every
respect; but I stop to remark that whatever
may be said of the various forms of govern-
ment that have existed in Georgia during the
rebellion and since they have alLbeen provis-
ional ; that is they have' not had the seal aud
sanction of the supreme authority, which is
Congress.
"Why is this last government, to say nothing
of the former, this government which elected
General Bullock as the Governor, to be held
to be provisional? Why was not that an elec-
tion under the constitution? I will undertake
to give two or three reasons why I think it was
not an election under the constitution of Geor-
gia but was provisional in that it was con-
ducted under the reconstruction laws, which
were declared to be provisional only.
In the first place, 1 say it was provisional
because it was declared so by Congress in ad-
vance. The Senator from Vermont secured an
amendment to the bill that declared it provis-
ional. If there had been no other reason why
thatgoverumentand constitution and the whole
proceeding, until sanctioned by Congress, was
provisional, that would have settled it; but
there are other considerations. The election
at which Governor Bullock was elected in
Georgia was held by virtue of no constitution,
but by virtue of a military proclamation no1
companied by an act of Congress, and also in
harmony with the ordinances of the conven-
tion. Then, in the next place, it was not held
as provided by the constitution. The consti-
tution of Georgia specifies a particular day
when elections shall be held ; that day is in No-
vember; thiselcetion was held in April. Then
in the next place, the qualifications for voters
when Governor Bullock was elected were not
the qualifications prescribed in the constitution.
Tho qualifications for voters were those pre-
scribed by the reconstruction laws of Congress,
and not by the constitution of Georgia; there-
fore it could not be an election under the con-
stitution of Georgia.
Then, in the next place, the returns of the
election were not made as provided for in the
constitution. Trie returns of that election
were made to a military commander. The
constitution of Georgia provides that the re-
turns shall be made to the Governor, and then
to other branches of the civil■ government.
So, without pursuing that point further, it is
sufficient for me to say that could not liavo
been an election under the constitution of
Georgia, because the constitution was not in
force. It was an election held the very day
they adopted the constitution. I am particu-
lar ou this point, because I want to make the
further remark that the terms of office under
the first election are not prescribed or defined
in the constitution. The constitution repeat-
edly refers to elections, and to the election
after the first; but the constitution does divide
the political periods, if they may be so called,
the political term of the Governor, into four j
of one branch of the Legislature into four,
excepting the first, and one half of those were
to be two years, aud the lower house two years.
Luttiie first election was au extemporized elec-
tion. So far as it relates to the constitution
it had no connection with it, and they adopted
a constitution, as I said, at the very time when
they elected their State officers, and therefore
it could not control that election.
Mr. FERRY. Will the Senator permit me
to ask him a question?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. FERRY. Does the Senator hold that
Governor Alcorn' is the Governor of Missis-
siptri?
Sir. POMEROY. I have not got to that.
Mr. FERRY. Was he not elected precisely
in the mode Governor Bullock was elected?
Mr. POMEROY. I have not yet said that
Governor Bullock was elected under any con-
stitution. I have been only trying, to show,
perhaps very feebly and imperfectly, that this
government inaugurated in Georgia by Gov-
ernor Bullock was at the time and is now a
provisional government. It may have super-
seded a previous provisional government, but
they have all boon provisional. By "provis-
ional" I mean a government for the time, a
government provided for tho occasion, not a
permanent government, with the seal of valid-
ity stamped by the approval of Congress. Now
I come to the second point 
Mr. FOWLER. _ Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question for information?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOWLER. In reference to the history
of Kansas I understood there was an election
there in 1859 and the officers were to hold for
two years.
Mr. POMEROY. The constitution provided
that the Governor and senators should hold for
two years.
Mr. FOWLER. And there was auother
election in 1861?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes. The election which
was declared invalid was held in 1861.
Mr. FOWLER. In the meantime the Legis-
lature had extended the time for it?
Mr. POMEROY. In the mean time the
Legislature passed a law that the valid election
should be held in 1862.
To sustain the position I have taken it is
only necessary to refer, first, to the ordinance
adopted by tho convention of Georgia. It
starts out by saying:
" AU oivil officers of tho State are only provisional
until this Stato is represented ill Congress."
That same provision was had under the for-
mer constitution, and under this constitution
until approved by Congress, Governor Aleorn
and all previous Governors, if there were half
a dozen of them, and all previous State govern-
ments, whether under the reconstruction acts
or not, would have been and are provisional.
But they ordained in this first ordinance that
an election should be held, beginning on the
20th day of April, at such places as might be
designated by the commanding general, not by
the constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it will be no interrup-
tion I should like to ask the Senator a question.
Mr. POMEROY. Please wait till I get
through.
Then the ordinance fiuther provides:
"And the persons so eleeted or appointed shall
enter upon the duties of the several offices to winch
they have been respectively eleeted when authorised
so to do by acts of Congress or by tho order of tho
commanding general."
Then it proceeds:
"And shall continue in oftieo until the rcguKr suc-
cession provided for m the year 1308."
They were voting in the year 1808. That
was the very year in which this election was
held ; and to show that no human being could
tell how long the first term should be, they
only provided how long the terms after the
first should be, because they could not tell
when they were to be admitted. In this respect
it was like the condition of my own State; in
which case, as I have said, one half of the firft
term of office had expired before the State was
admitted ; and yet it was held, and the courts
sustained it, that the ineuiiibents had a right
to hold thoir,term for two years after admis-
