98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
Ho. oe Reps.
Treatment of American Citizens—Mr. Willard.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
son and treason-felony, and it appeared that there !
were eighty-one prisoners, lorty-two in Australia,
and thirty-nine in this country. It was proposed
that of these, forty-nine should be unconditionally
discharged—thirty-four in Australia and fifteen m
this country. This would leave thirty-two still to
undergo their sentences, which number would in-
clude the organizers and loaders of the Fenian
movement, whom the Government did not think it
would be consistent with their duty to discharge, as
there was no reason to believe that they might not
on their discharge attempt to renew treasonable
practices. It does not appear, and it is not believed
by the committee, that any of the prisoners retained
are Americans; they are probably leaders of polit-
ical organizations of England and Ireland.
"Thereis. therefore, no reason to doubt that every
American citizen whose arrest has excited the appre-
hension? or interfered with the privileges claimed by
naturalized citizens while in foreign States has been
released.
" To avoid the recurrence of these exciting ques-
tions treaties securing the rights of our citizens in
foreign States have been negotiated with several, of
the leading States of Europe in the order in which
they here stand:
"North German Union, (ratified and exchanged J
February 22,1868.
" Bavaria, (ratified and exchanged.) May 28,1868.
" Mexico, (ratified and exchanged,) July 10,1868.
"Baden, (before the Senate,) July, 1868.
"Wurtemberg, (before the Senate,) July 27,1868.
" Hesse, (before the Senate,) August 1, 1868.
"Great Britain, (before theSenate,) October 9,1868.
" Belgium, (before the Senate,)November 16,1868.
"These treaties establish the following principles:
" First. Germans and Americans inay reciprocally
emigrate.
" Second. Naturalization after a five years' resi-
dence changes nationality and releases from mili-
tary duty.
"Third. Naturalization till after a residence of
five years shall not be binding on the original coun-
try.
"Fourth. Naturalization shall not bo an excuse for
desertion from military service actually entered
upon, but shall free from all liabilities for eventual
service not due at the time of emigration.
" Fifth. A naturalized citizen returning to his na-
tive country with intentto resume his domicil therein
and proving his intention by a continuous residonce
of two yeais, shall not be entitled to the interposi-
tion, respectively, of the United States or of North
Germany.
"The treaty with Great Britain which is now be-
fore the Senate for ratification, is substantially like
the Prussian treaty. Where it diilersit is more favor-
able to the claims of the American Government. The
old English doctrine ofindcfeasible allegiance is re-
nounced. Naturalized British subjects are recog-
nised as American citizens. The only reservation
made in the treaty is that its final execution shall
await the necessary legislation by the two Houses of
Parliament.
" The ratification of this treaty and the enactment
of tho laws necessary to its execution will remove
questions that have disturbed the peace of both Gov-
ernments from tho date of our independence. This
i - in effect the complete recognition of the independ-
ence of naturalized as well as native-born American
citizens.
"It cannot be doubted that similar treaties will be
negotia ted with all other nations with which Amer-
ican citizens maintain communication and inter-
course.
"The Committee on Foreign Affairs is gratified to
bo able to report to the House that all questions re-
ferred to in the resolution of the 3d February, 1868,
have been finally and satisfactorily settled. Itthero-
lore requests that it may be discharged from its fui-
tlier consideration."
This report establishes the fact, and no evi-
dence now exists to controvert its positions,
that no American citizen is in British prisons
except those who have violated the laws of that
kingdom, and for such offenses have been fairly
tried and convicted. We would not reverse
the judgments of our courts against offenders
against our laws because those offenders hap-
pened to be Englishmen ; and why should we
expect England to do, or complain of her for
not doing, what we would never consent should
be done in similar cases within the jurisdiction
of our own courts? What we claim for our-
selves let us be ready to yield to others.
But because I have insisted that England
was to be recognized as one of the family of
nations, and as such was entitled to the same
respectful treatment that we should demand for
the United States, I am arraigned in almost
every variety of eloquent discourse as a sympa-
thizer with England and as a hater of Irish-
men. The gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Wilkixsox] said :
" I do not join my friend in his expression of sym-
pathy for England or the English Government. The
events of our late civil war are too fresh in the minds !
of all of us for us to forget wlio, in that great strug- j
gle for national life, were our friends and who were i
our enemies. These two peoples, the English and ,
the Irish, both had their sympathies enlisted m that i
war; but they were enlisted on different sides. The
Irish were under and followed the fortunes of our
flag from the first battle of Bull Run to the final close
of that great contest. Tho English people, on the
other hand, not only sympathized with our enemies,
but labored in the meanest, most cowardly, and I
might say hypocritical manner, to aid our enemies
and to destroy this Government. The difference
between myself and my friend from "Vermont is that
he sympathizes with our enemies in that severe
crisis, while I sympathize with those who stood firmly
with us in the hour of peril and of danger."
Anothergentleman, [Mr. Schumaker,] after
denunciation of the Administration for its
course in the matter of these prisoners, refers
to my remarks in this style :
"The next blast from the bugle was heard in this
Hall. It was from the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Willakd,] and a more subservient and truck-
ling effusionto the glory of England never was heard
before by me. What could have induced such re-
marks I am at a loss to understand. It could not
have been the fear of the raiders from Canada again
invading Vermont, as they did in 1864, for the gentle-
man does not live in that part of the State."
* * * * * * *
" That city (St. Albans) having once had a band
of outlaws turned loose upon it from English soil,
would, I should think, be in a good state of mind to
appreciate anything relating to the English Crown."
It did not occur to me. sir, that the statement
of the simple proposition that a government
had the right to enforce its own laws, in its
own territory, against any one who should vio-
late them, made me necessarily a sympathizer
with Great Britain. And has this Government,
and have our people, from their recent experi-
ence, come to have such an admiration of
rebellions that it is worth our while to go out
of our way to encourage them, or to blow into
a flame ol' war the sparks of Irish discontent?
It may be that some of the Democrats of this
country would not be inconsistent in sympa-
thizing with rebellions abroad, for unless they
have been greatly misjudged they would not
have mourned over the success of one at home;
but is it wise or just or righteous for the party
that is charged with the business of the Gov-
ernment, and maintaining its position among
the nations of the earth, to encourage Fenian-
ism and filibustering?
I am thankful, Mr. Speaker, that I am able,
notwithstanding the wrongs England has in-
flicted on this country in the recent past, to
still stand for justice and honorable dealing
among nations. I am not in favor of erasing
justice from our action as a nation because
England has stained her annals by a selfish or
cruel policy. A nation fit to exist at all should
have some higher law than lex talionis; some
rule of action more abiding than the caprices,
the jealousies, or the anger of the moment ;
some principle more nearly just and eternal
than revengeful clamor. As a Vermonter, I
denounced—and I was right in that denuncia-
tion, and the whole loyal people of the country
agreed in that denunciation—the unlawful,
unfriendly, and murderous raid on St. Albans;
and standing on that principle precisely, be-
lieving that what I claimed was law for Eng-
land was also law for ourselves, T protested
against the Fenian demonstration which at-
tempted to make the soil of Vermont a base
of operations for a like unlawful raid into Can-
ada. If the denunciation was right, the pro-
test was right; if the last was a "truckling
effusion to the glory of England," the first was
an unjust and unwarranted arraignment of a
foreign Power.
I have not what seems to me to be the gift
of many who have declaimed so fiercely against
England, and who seem to find no embarrass-
ment in insisting that there shall be one law
for Great Britain and another for ourselves;
that we may worry England, but she must let
us alone ; that she must pay us for Alabama
depredations, while we may sympathize with
and encourage every Fenian who chooses to set
on foot an expedition against the integrity of
her empire. It may be convenient and perhaps
natural to inquire whose ox has. been gored
before deciding upon the right or wrong of the
action ; but I am obliged to confess that I have
been educated to believe that there is a higher
and a better rule of action for nations and iudi
viduals than the promptings of self-interest or
the impulses of revenge.
And I had hoped that the bluster that us?d
to find its annual opportunity on the Fourth of
July, and from a thousand platforms on that
anniversary was accustomed to dare England
to come on and fight and be gloriously whipped
by the Yankee nation, had been dismissed, if
not from our platforms, at least from our
statesmanship. I do not think that much is
added to our dignity or consequence, or that
we shall make a more considerable figure in
history, by barking and snapping, like ill-
natured curs, at the heels of the British lion.
When England wrongs us, and we are ready
to make a square stand-up fight for redress
that cannot otherwise be obtained, the nation
will need no arousing for the fray. But this
perpetual worrying and bullying and bluster-
ing, this fierce denunciation and invective,
this perpetual scolding, this setting on and
sympathizing with Fenianism and Irish dis-
content, is utterly unworthy a great, conscious,
and self-contained and self-reliant Power. -
I cannot believe, moreover, that we show in
this way the truest and best sympathy with the
sufferings of Ireland. My colleague on the
committee [Mr. Wilkinsox] and many other
gentlemen have said that we owed this sym-
pathy as a debt to Ireland. He said :
"By tho providence of God this nation is placed
in a condition where it is impossible lor us to act an
obscure part in the affairs of othernations. We can-
not, if we would, 'hide our light under a bushel.'
It is therefore all-important that the sympathy
which we do express shall be consistent with the
example which we have sot to the people of other
and less favored lands. Theselrish people have been
attempting to walk in tho light of the example
whieh we have set them. Oursuccesshas awakened
anew their longing for national independence. And
it would be as strange and unnatural for us to with-
hold our sympathy for them now as it would bo for
a mother to forsake her first-born. But it would be
still more strange and unnatural for u.^ to sympa-
thize with the oppressors of this people."
My colleague, I am sure, will agree with me
that if we would help Ireland we should let
our sympathies wait on our judgment. It
would hardly be intelligent or even valuable
sympathy with a caged bird to encourage it to
beat and bruise its head and wings against the
bars of its prison-house. Ireland cannot, if
it was united as one man, sever itself from the
kingdom of Great Britain. The power that
holds the island and will hold it to that
empire is too strong for Irishmen at home,
even when aided by Fenians from the United
States. Ireland may make her condition in-
finitely worse by rebellion, but it can be made
no better by war with such a Power as Eng-
land. The liberation of Ireland will come
•through the English Government, and not in
the breaking up of that empire. Gladstone
and Bright are the true friends of Ireland,
better far than the misguided enthusiasts who
are ready to hurl defiance at England and
inflame Irishmen to beat and bruise and ruin
themselves in the vain effort to break their
prison bars and attain freedom and a separate
nationality. Fenianism never will achieve the
deliverance of Ireland, and although it may
exist, as the Delegate from Montana [Mr. Cav-
axapgh] prophesied, long after I shall have
been dead and forgotten, its life will be quite
too short, unless it is ruled by wiser and more
prudent counsels than have yet controlled its
unfortunate career, to accomplish any good for
the people which it has thus far cursed with
promises that it had no power to perforin.
The gentleman from Montana gave the House
the benefit of his knowledge of the early his-
