4888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
business of the Government is to protect per-
sons and property. The more property the
individual has to protect the larger share he
lias in the benefits of the Government; I never
knew any man who speculated upon this subject
at all who did not agree! that all the burden of
taxation should bo in proportion to the ability
of men to pay. Everybody concedes that.
There is not one among that multitude of
mechanics who make books on the subject of
taxation—and there is a horde of them—who
does not recognize the truth of Adam Smith's
declaration that every man should pay into the
Government in proportion to bis ability to pay.
Everybody admits that; but when you come to
apply that, there are all sorts of the most piti-
ful kind of pettifogging employed to show that
income, which is the measure of a man's abil-
ity to pay, should be exempt from taxation;
tax anything but income!
Mr. President, I aflirm that this tax is not
greater than the Government needs, and is not
greater than the citizens can bear. It is the
only tax which can be paid without real incon-
venience and real feeling. What, then, shall
be the objection? It is said that we need the
constitutional authority to lay such a tax.
That proposition has been argued during this
debate. It was argued very ably the other day
by my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott.]
I will not attempt to reply to that argument.
I have not the time to do it; I am not sure that
I have the ability to do it; but I have this to
say about it: we are estopped from making
that argument. Sir, I believe in living under
a written Constitution. I think it is a good
thing to have ; but then there are some evils in
having a written Constitution to guide the Gov-
ernment of our country, and one of the evils
it entails upon us is this: that you have to
meet in the discussion of every question with
double consideration of whether a particular
measure is expedient and whether it is author-
ized-, and it so happens that in our way of
treating written Constitutions we are very much
in the habit of finding everything which we
do not like to be unconstitutional and every-
thing we do like to be constitutional.
It is almost inevitable that a measure which
is opposed on this floor should be denounced
as unconstitutional; and it is very rare that
the advocate of a measure which is proposed
finds any objection to it in the Constitution of
the United States. So that when in the midst
of a great war we found it necessary to issue
the promises of the Government and to cir-
culate them as money a Secretary of the Treas-
ury found no objection to such a course in the
Constitution of his country; but when the war
was ended, and capital cried out against the
further circulation of these very identical notes,
and that same individual had become the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States instead of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, then he found that the Constitution of the
United States positively forbade the circulation
of such notes 1
Mr. President, when this samegreat exigency
was upon us we did impose a tax on incomes.
I do not know that in either House of Congress,
or anywhere in the country, the constitution-
ality of that act was then impugned. We have
continued to collect th.at tax, year after year,
until the present time. But now we have grown
restive; there is a portion of the country un-
willing to pay it any longer ; and now we not
only hear the constitutionality of the act im-
pugned, but we hear most able and most ingen-
ious arguments in defense of that view. Sir,
I cannot find that that act is unconstitutional
without finding that we have been standing on
the Constitution of the country for the last
eight years; I am not willing to pronounce
that verdict against the legislation of this coun-
tiy for the last eight years; and therefore I
■will not attempt to consume the time of the
Senate by arguing against ihe assertion of the
unconstitutionality of the tax.
But it is said that the tax is inquisitorial;
that it requires the Government to look into a
man's affairs in order to ascertain wjiat his
income is. So it is inquisitorial. Beyond all
doubt it is inquisitorial. But it is not" so
inquisitorial, or it is not one whit more inquis-
itorial than the laws under which every dollar
of State revenues is collected in this country.
If your State taxes are fairly administered
your State authorities are bound to know every-
thing about the business of the citizens that can
be known when this income tax is most strin-
gently administered. Besides that, this very
inquisition is necessary to the only honest con-
duct of the business of the country. Capital
needs for its own protection, honesty requires,
that we should know as much about the busi-
ness of our fellow-citizens as this law calls
upofi us to know. Why, sir, there are in all
the great citics on this continent offices, agen-
cies established, whose sole business it is to
lind out, to make actual inquisition into the
business affairs of every man who is engaged
in business, and to do it for the purpose of
making the credit that is given in business
affaiis more secure than it would otherwise be,
How is it that the whole country is content to
have inquisition made for a price, for individ-
ual good, for the purposes of trade, for pur-
poses of speculation—entirely content to have
these investigations made; but when the Gov-
ernment, for its own purposes, its own inter-
ests, its own security, wants to make some
inquiry of the kind, then we all hold up our
hands and protest against any such inquisition?
Mr. President, some of the objections which
have been urged against this tax do not now
occur to me. I took note of them at the time.
I thought I could not be mistaken in saying
that there was not an objection urged against
this tax from any quarter that did not lie with
greater force against every other tax in the bill.
1 have heard it said even that this tax was
unpopular, and yet I have heard it said, on the
other side, that it did not touch over one hun-
dred thousand people in the United States. 1
cannot well conceive how forty million people
should be very much distressed at a tax that
does not touch them at all, and I cannot un-
derstand that system of political ethics which
regards the voice of one hundred thousand as
the popular voice in a country of foity mil-
lions.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Conklixo]
told us with great solemnity the other day that
New York asked for the repeal of this tax,
asked for it in the name of justice, and that
New York had a right to ask for the repeal of
the tax, because New York, with only one
eleventh of the population of the country, paid
one third of the tax on incomes.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him one moment?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. The Senator speaks of forty
millions; but he must be aware that neither
women nor children pay taxes, and only a com-
paratively small portion of the forty millions
are called upon to pay taxes. Further, though
one hundred thousand pay income tax, the
inquisition extends to perhaps ten times that
number.
Mr. HOWE. To the first proposition of the
Senator from California, thauvomen and chil-
dren are exempt from the list of those who pay
taxes, 1 say he is mistaken in point of fact;
for if they have the means, if they are in pos-
se: siou of the objects upon which you levy
tax, the tax goes upon them in spite of age, in
spite of sex.
Mr. COLE. Then the one hundred thousand
will include live hundred thousand or a million,
because the oue hundred thousand include all
for whom the tax is paid, the women and child
ten belonging to the family of persons who pay.
Mr. liOWE. Not, at all. It amounts to
only this, that you onlyfind one hundred thou-
sand of these great fortunes which come within
That
the reach of a tax so light as this is.
1S The Senator objects, secondly, that while this
inquisition only finds income iu oue hundred
thousand, yet it- overtakes five times that num-
ber. Very likely. I do not say that the tax
is not inquisitorial; what I say is, thfit the
inquisition is made not only upon five tunes
this number, but under your State laws it is
made upon every one of yourcitizens subject to
taxation; their taxes aredirectagaiastproperty,
real and personal, and you are bound to know
all the land and all the cattle and all the goods
and all the chatties and all the notes, the
choses in action that every man has, the cash
in his pocket and the deposits in his bank.
Your State laws command you to make that
inquisition. The national law simply requires
men to report their incomes over $2,000, and
you cry out against such an inquisition, while
you submit to the inquisition demanded by your
Stale laws with the utmost equanimity.
It was stated here the other day that the
State of New York demanded the repeal of
this tax, demanded it in the name of justice,
demanded it because she paid one-third it was .
said, of all this sum collected from incomes.
Well, sir, that is a noticeable fact that New
York does pay one third of this income tax.
It is quite as noticeable a fact that New York
has one third of the incomes. How came she
by them?
Mr. CONKLING. It is nottrue that she has
one third of the incomes.
Mr. HOWE. Iiei'e is a curious inquiry.
It is because she returns one third 
Mr. CONKLING. She does not.
Mr. HOWE. Then is she taxed on incomes
that she does not return?
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator wish
uie to answer?
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know what
the difficulty is,
Mr. CONKLING. The difficulty is pre-
cisely this: a given amount of productive
property iu the State of New York pays an
income tax. Why? Because it happens to be
in the hands of not so many people that it
escapes the exemption. The same amount of
similar or equivalent property somewhere else
does not pay an income tax. Why? Because
it happens to be so distributed that it does
escape under the exemption law?
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr„ CAMERON. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin allow me a moment?
i'r. HOWE. Yes. sir.
Mr. CAMERON. I gave notice some time
since that there was an understanding a few
days ago that this day at one o'clock the Sen-
ate would go into executive session, and if the
Senator from Wisconsin will allow, me 
Mr. HOWE. I would rather finish.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 will give way until the
Senator is through and make the motion then.
Mr. HOWE. I will not occupy much longer
time. What I said was that New York had
one third of all the incomes reached by this
tax.
Mr. CONKLING. Taxable income.
Mr. HOWE. One third of ail the incomes
which exceed §2,000, and so pays one third
of all the tax which is derived from this source,
and I asked Use question how New York hap-
pened to have one third of all the incomes?
'I he people of New York are not any older
than the people of other States. 1 do not
know that the people of New York have
broader brains or stouter muscles. How does
it happen that New York has so large a pro-
portion of these incomes? What is the busi-
ness of New York? " Making pioney," says
my fiiend from Kansas, [Mr. Pombrqy;] and
that i3 the shortest and truest answer that
could be given, perhaps. But why is not that
the ea'se with the people of other States? It is
their business to make money as fast as they
can. Why does New York succeed, ea much.
