1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
488:9"
r better in making money? What is the busi-
ness of Now Yoik? She is handling the com-
merce of this conutry. Through New York
pour your imports and your exports. The
State of New York is in the forwarding busi-
ness, so to speak. She is a great forwarding
house, and she lives upon the commerce of
this country, from the profits of which she lias
sefcured these great, these vast overshadowing
incomes fiom which this tax is collected.
■ Now, I put the question to everybody again—
no matter how she has got them, she has them
is it a hardship on any one of her citizens to
contribute out of them this small percentage
which is asked? You know, Mr. President,
that there is not a poor man in this country,
not a laborer in this country but what contrib-
utes more than three, more than ten, more
than twenty per cent, of all his earnings to the
Treasury of the United States under these very
laws against which I am objecting ; and now
wc are to be invited to increase their contribu-
tions, and to relinquish this trifling contribution
which we have been receiving from incomes
heretofore.
I shall object to recording my vote in favor
of the proposition now submitted by the Com-
mittee on Finance, when it comes before the
Senate ; and I have, as well as I could, stated
some of the reasons which will warrant me in
giving that vote.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
go into executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr SHERMAN. Is the motion debatable ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not debat-
able under the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will
go on with the tax bill and finish it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling.Cragin, Drake, i< ctry,
Iiamlin, Howard, Howell, McDonald, Morton. Nje,
Pomeroy, Rice. Spencer, Spraguo, ihaycr, lipton,
"Warner, and Williams—23. n
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreraan, Oas-
serly, Corbett, Davis, Ponton, Fowler, Harris, Howe,
Johnston, Kellogg, McOreery, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill ot Vermont, Osborn, Pratt, Itooertson, l(o ,
Bawyei, Schuiss. Seott, Sherman, Stocliton, bumnsr,
Thurman, Victors, Willey, Wilson, and Y atcs—oJ.
ABSENT—Messrs Abbott, Ames, Buckingham,
Cat tell, Edmunds, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton ot
Maryland, Hamilton ot Texas, Harlan, Leiv.s.^or-
ton, Patterson, Pool, Kamsey, li.c\els, baubniuy,
Stewart, and Trumbull—19.
So the motion was not agreed lo.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion to stiike out the remain-
ing sections relating to the income tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Senate is now full,
I ask whether they would not be willing to
adopt the rule with regard to the limitation ol
debate? „ r
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks that during the consideration of this
bill a five minutes rule for speeches be adopted.
Mr. THURMAN. Does it require unan-
imous consent? T I
'the VICE PRESIDE^ I. it does.
Mr. THURMAN. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I Will not reply to my
honorable friend from Wisconsin, because I
agree with him entirely ; but, at the same time
I think unless some Senator who has voted with
the majority on the income tax question will
move to reconsider that vole it is not worth
while for us to go into the subject. 1 hope,
therefore, we shall go on with the bid. _
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to strike out the remaining sec-
tions relative to the income tax.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr SHERMAN. I now offer as a new sec-
tion a part of one of the sections winch has
been stricken out, to come in as section seven.
The VICE PRES1DEN f. That is, be.ore
this new section ill regard to collections !
Mr. SHERMAN, It relates to the income
tax. This same matter is contained in one of
the sections which has been stricken out:
And he it further enacted, That for the purpose of
allowing the deduction allowed by law from the in -
come.of any religious or social community holding
all their property aDd the income therefrom jointly
and in common, each five of the persons composing
such society, and any remaining fractional number
of such persons lass than five oversuch groups of five
shall bo held to constitute a family, and a deduction
ot $1,000 shall be allowed for each of said families.
Any taxes on the ineomcs, gains, and profits of such
societies now due and unpaid shall be assessed and
collected according to this provision; and the tax
upon the dividends of msuiance companies shall not
bo deemed duountil such dividends are payable either
in money or otherwise, and the money returned by
mutual insurance companies to tlieir policy holders,
and the annual or semi-annual interest allowed or
paid to the depositors of savings-banks or savings
institutions shall not considered as dividends.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not know tliat I under-
stand the first part of that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. It makes provision for
the Shakers and some other religious commu-
nities who hold their property in common, and
for the purpose of deducting the $1,000 we
provide that each family shall be composed of
live persons. I think it is just. It is agreed
to all around.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In lieu of the amendment
proposed by the Committee on Finance on
page 83, I propose to insert what I send to the
Chair to make the repealing sections of the
statute in accordance with the changes that
have been made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary is
not certain whether the Senator desires that sec-
tion forty six, now numbered sixteen, should
be stricken out or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. All of that section down
to line fourteen has already been stricken out,
and then this proviso that I send to the Chair
is in lieu of the proviso printed in the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Senator
desires the residue to remain?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; the rest all
sir; the res
remains down to the additional proviso.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the section as it will read if amended
on the recommendation of the Committee on
Finance. .
The Chief Clerk. Section forty-six of the
House bill, if amended as proposed by the
committee, wiii read:
That sections one hundred and twenty, one hun-
dred and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-two,
andooehuudicdand twenty-three of the act ot June
60 18(54, entitled " An act to provide internal revenue
to suppott the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved June
;,i) as amended by the act of July 13, lbw, and
I ho act of March 2,1807. shall bo construed to impose
tin' tu,X( - therein mentioned lor and during theyear
1S70, and that all such taxes shall booolleotcd in the
maimer now or hereafter provided by law.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will state that that is
the exact proposition that passed the Senate
some two or three months ago.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of the
section as proposed to be amended, as loilows:
And all acts and parts ot acts relating to the taxes
herein repealed, and all the yn'ovi&ioiiri ot said acts,
shall continue in full lorce for levying and collecting
ail taxes properly assessed or liable lobe assessed, or
accruing under the provisions of former acts, or
diaivba.-ks, the right to which has already accrued
or which iu2v hereafter accrue under said acts, and
tor maintaining and continuing liens, fine,, penal-
ties and forfeitures incurred unucr and by virtue
i bcicot And this net shall not be construed to aiteot
! a'r.v act done, right, acciued, or penalty, incurred
under former acts, but every such right is hereby
I saved And for carrying out and completing ail
I in-oceedingsv.-hieh have been already commenced or
that mav be commenced to enforce such lines, penal-
ties and forfeitures, or criminal proceedings unuer
s-ud' acts and for the punishment of crimes of winch
any party shall be or has been found guilty.
Mr. BAYARD. I would ask the Senator
from Ohio if this is not in effect the same prop-
osition that was offered in the Senate by way
of joint resolution continuing the tax on sala-
ries ? .
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the proposition
that was adopted by the Senate. _
Mr. V5AYAUD. 1 was not nv,-are that if had
been adopted by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The effect of It .is to con-
tinue the tax on corporations and salaries dar-
ing this year.
Mr. BAYARD. It is similar to the joint
resolution which passed the House j but I was
not aware that it had met the assent of the
Senate before. I think that every reason which
existed for the repeal of the ineome tax exists
for the repeal of this tax upon salaries. Sala-
ries are the remuneration for labor—a fixed
compensation ; and I regret that this discrim-
ination, or this tax that we have refused to con-
tinue on all other sources of income, should
continue on a very hard-worked and poorly
paid class of people, and a class of people who
have no means of getting rid of their tax in the
way that one class had who have been relieved,
to wit, the landlords and property-owners of
the country. There is no means by which this
class can escape from the burden hereby im-
posed. I should be very sorry, while any pri-
vate income I might have derived from any
other source than my salary here should be
exempted, to still continue a tax upon the
salaries of officers, clerks, and others, poorly
paid, as I have said, in the main, for the labor
they have done. I trust the Senate will not
agree to it. .
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate have had this
matter explained once or twice before. The
present law continues the income tax for and
during the whole year 1870.
Mr. CONKL1NG. That is, this part of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The present law, the old
law, does that.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think it does.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is true that is a dis-
puted construction, and it has been contested
in some of the courts ; butnow the Department
are every day collecting the tax, and it will be
necessary lor us to pass upon the question.
The Department consider that the income tax
continues for and during this year. They are-
collecting the tax on personal incomes this year.
It is true this may operate hardly by taxing
incomes derived from corporations for the year
1870, while the tax on personal incomes will
only be collected for 1809; but then it is as
broad as it is long. We have already collected
one more tax on personal incomes than we have
oh corporations, because as the act took effect
upon the income of the preceding year we
have already collected one tax on the personal
incomes which we did not collection corpora-
tions; so that it is as broad as it is long. At
any rate, this section is absolutely necessary to
enable the Department to get along in innum-
erable lawsuits; and even it it did work a hard-
ship, it ought to be passed. It has already
passed the Senate unanimously, and I hope it
will not now give rise to debate.
Mr. SCOTT. This is the section to which
I gave notice that I intended to offer an amend-
ment, and I only rise now to state the reason
why I do not offer it. The amendment which
I proposed to offer was to relieve that class ol
persons who would be subject to this tax whose
income was not §1,000; butif that were offered
and adopted it would require a set of forms to
be prepared for the balance ol this year that
would perhaps give rise to more trouble and
confusion than the remedy is worth. As the
tax will expire at the close of this year, and
the Senate has by a very decided vote determ-
ined not to reimpose it in any form, I deem it
expedient, although they are a class of cases
that ought to be remedied, not to offer tne
amendment of which 1 gave notice, in view of
the vote of the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to ask the
Senator from Ohio whether this amendment
affects the tax that would be collected if the
tax were continued next June on business:
that is, including the accounts of business that
would be made up to the 31st of December,
of merchants, for instance?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have already stated
twice clearly that these sections expressly
pointed out did not relate at all to personal
