18?0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Treatment of American Citizens—Mr. WiUard.
Ho. of Reps.
tory of Vermont in the following burst of Irish
eloquence:
"Permit me to remind the gentleman from Ver-
mont that before the orimsoned tints of the terrible
battle-field of Bennington had been bleached by
time, when tha name of Ethan Allen was echoed
from every hill-top and from every valley in the
Green Mountain State, and long before the name of
Stark had lost its power as the rallying-cry of the
patriots of the Revolution, the American and Irish
Fenians of that day elected to Congress, in the very
district which the gentleman now represents, a na-
tive-born Irishman, then imprisoned as a criminal
for daring to utter his honest sentiments against the
policy of the administration of the elder Adams—the
gallant and heroic Matthew Lyon. By the operation
of the infamous alien and sedition laws this revolu-
hislove of liberty to  
and the people of his distriot, like the gallant yeo
manry of Tipperary in the recent election of the
O'Donovan Rossa to the British Parliament, sent
him as a rebuke to his oppressors to represent them
in the Congress of the Union."
Matthew Lyon was cashiered for deserting
the post of which he had command, in Ver-
mont, during the early part of the war of the
Revolution. He was indicted, tried, and con-
victed for a libel on John Adams. After his
second term in Congress he went to Ken-
tucky, seeking fresh fields, where his turbulent
and stormy nature found, no doubt, more con-
genial comrades than in Vermont, and Ver-
mont has got along tolerably well without him.
Fenianism is not now, I am constrained to
think, the highest type of a wise and brave
struggle for liberty, but it has, no doubt, im-
proved greatly in that respect since the time
of Matthew Lyon.
But, sir, this debate has drifted away from
tlie single point of objection which I made to
the report of the committee, namely, that the
report expressed sympathy with the Fenian
organization. My colleague, the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. SwiJfsr,] has given us a
fine dissertation on the duty of the American
Government to protect American citizens. In
this I most cordially concur. But I said when
this subject was first before the House, and I
here repeat it, that the citizen must be in the
lawful pursuit of his business or pleasure to
entitle him to that protection. When he be-
comes on a foreign soil a violator of the laws
of that foreign jurisdiction, he voluntarily
throws off the shield of protection which
American citizenship would otherwise hold
over hirn.
We have heard here warm praise of the con-
duct of Irish regiments in the late rebellion;
and I have been asked if I had no sympathy for
the soldiers of such regiments who have since
unlisted under the banner of the Irish^ repub-
lic, and thus found their way into British pris-
ons. I can hardly understand why I ought to
follow them with my sympathy. Because they
fought here gallantly to crush a rebellion
against established G-overnment, am I com-
pelled to approve of their course when they
attempt to make a rebellion against an estab-
lished Government? Is an Irish rebellion so
much more righteous than a confederate rebel-
lion, that I may love the one and hate the
other ? Do gentlemen mean to be understood
as holding that while rebellion against our Gov-
ernment isthe greatest crime, rebellion against
any other Government is righteous? May we
strike everybody, and must nobody strike us?
American citizenship ought to be a protection
to everyone who has a right to it, and who has
not forfeited that right by misconduct; but it
would very soon come to be no more respected
than the brigand's sword if we attempt to make
it cover with its protection every citizen of this
country who violates the laws of other Govern-
ments.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Win-
chester] was eloquent in his pleading in behalf
of freedom and people struggling against op-
pression, and he launched the thunderbolts of
his fervid rhetoric against tyranny always and
everywhere in such periods as these:
" Mr. Speaker, there has been a conflict between
freedom and despotism during the whole history of
the human race; but never before, it seems to me,
has liberty, with all its fervor, and despotism, with
all its imposing power or sepulchral sculpture, stood
directly confronting so boldly and perhaps so grandly
asatpresent. Nolongercanthebayonetremedythe
oonvulsions of oppression and tyranny. The people
are not a furious herd which must be kept in chains.
Always quiet and moderate when they are truly free,
they are violent and unruly but under those Govern-
ments where they are systematically debased. The
sword only reestablishes the peace of terror, the
silenceofdespotism. Itisthe 'lightning-rodofoivil
power, justice, and legal liberty' that secures peace
and order."
This is all very fine, but I might disagree with
the gentleman as to the precise point of time
when freedom and despotism stood most di-
rectly and boldly confronting each other.
Nine years ago the most terrible conflict the
world has seen was joined between these
opposing forces, and the scars of that terrible
war raging over more than half the territory
of this Republic are scarcely yet healed, and
the wrecks of its battles are hardly yet cleared
away. I do not remember to have heard during
that struggle the clarion voice of the gentleman
summoning the sons of Kentucky to join the
army of freedom, but, doubtless, with his quick
and burning impulses to strike and speak for
downtrodden and oppressed peoples, he de-
nounced tyranny then as he does now, and the
poor slaves of Kentucky found in him a sym-
pathizer, a defender, and a brave champion.
But I may, perhaps, be pardoned for suggesting
that the constitution and laws of Kentucky are
not to-day much more liberal toward colored
persons than English laws are toward Irishmen,
and that State may still be considered as mis-
sionary ground where the passionate declama-
tion of the gentleman against oppression may
find occasion enough for its utterance, without
crossing the Atlantic to strike terror with its
eloquent fultninations into the heart of every
Englishman.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I will call attention
to only one more of the many allusions to my
position which have been made during this
debate by the gentlemen who have waged this
oratorical warfare on England. My colleague
on the committee [Mr. Wood] at the outset of
his speech characterized Vermont, New Eng-
land, and the Republican party in these words:
" The tenor of his remarks, which were all of this
charactcr, leaves tt painful impression, and, like the
political party to which he is attached and the sec-
tion of the country from which he comes, is intoler-
ant, unprogressivc, fanatical, and puritanical. It is
the spirit that persecutes all others who entertain
religious and political sentiments different from their
own, and which unhappily has reeontly been im-
pressed upon the legislation of the country. There-
fore, thesentloman from Vermont doesnotrepresent
himself alone in what he has said upon this question.
The opinions ho utters are those of a party and a
section of the country, and, it is to bo apprehended,
of the Administration itself. His positiijn thus be-
comes important, and I propose to examine it."
I am not surprised that the section of coun-
try which I have the honor in part to represent
here should present to the gentleman little in its
political or religious history with which he finds
himself in sympathy; and the gentleman will, I
trust, take no offense when I tell him that politi-
cally, at least, the great majority of the people
of Vermont are not admirers of the example of
republican government given by New York
city. Vermont has, no doubt, some Puritan
notions, and I should be entirely false to her
history and her political character if I should
plead here not guilty to that charge. She is not
ashamed of her reputation in that regard, but
on the contrary is proud of it. Among the
Puritan ideas which Vermont put as the cor-
ner-stone under the fabric of her government
is that old-fashioned notion that all men are
created equal, and that civil and religious lib-
erty is the right of every person born on our
soil or adopted as a citizen of the Republic.
A slave never breathed her mountain air. Her
form of government is simple and democratic,
and under it her people have for almost a cen-
tury enjoyed perfect civil and religious freedom,
equally and happily removed from intolerance
on the one hand and license on the other.
The mob does not rule her churches or her
platforms, but liberty, regulated by law and
controlled by intelligence and education, has
given her always the blessed fruits of order and
peace.
When the enemies of free government as-
sailed the life of the nation Vermont was intol-
erant of that rebellion, and so far justified
the gentleman's epithet; so intolerant, in fact,
that when the mob in New York city were
resisting the draft, were putting in operation
in that city another rebellion in aid of the one
inaugurated by Jeff. Davis "at the other end
of the line," were hanging to lamp-posts un-
offending black men, and sacking and burn-
ing colored orphan asylums in their infuriate
hate of republican institutions and equal rights
for all, Vermont regiments interposed their
bayonets and their bodies against that mad and
fiendish spirit of hatred of liberty^ and gave
security to property and life imperiled by the
tolerant, progressive, unfanatical, and unpuri-
tanical rioters of that city!
Vermont may have aided—I trust and believe
she has—in impressing this Puritan spirit, this
spirit that votes and fights, if occasion requires,
for liberty in our own country, and strives to
establish here a nation loving liberty and build-
ing equal rights into every part of the fabric
of our Government, upon the institutions of
this Republic; and 1 regret that while engaged
in this work she has encountered at every step,
in battle, in council, and in legislative halls',
the unrelenting, ever-watchful opposition of
some at least of the constituents of the gentle-
man from New York. And she does not pro-
pose to stop in thi,s work while it is in any
respect left incomplete; nor does she consent
to be diverted from it into any crusade in behalf
of downtrodden Ireland nor into any war for
territorial annexation or aggrandizement by
whomsoever suggested. If this is intolerance,
then Vermont is intolerant; if this is to oppose
the spirit of true progress, then Vermont is
unprogressive ; if this is fanaticism, then Ver-
mont is fanatical; if this is puritanical, then is
Vermont Puritan. And God grant she may
ever remain so!
As to the treatment of these prisoners, and
in connection with the allegations of inhuman
treatment of these prisoners, I desire to call
attention to the following report of a speech
made by Mr. Bright:
"On Mondaynight, January 10, ameetingof work-
ingmen and others, who seek some mitigation m
the treatment of the Irish political prisoners, was
held at the Public Office in Moor streot, Birming-
ham. Mr. Alderman Brinsley occupied the chair.
It was stated that the Right Hon John Bright, M.
P., Mr. G. Dixon, M. P.,and Mr. Muntz, M. P., had
been communicated with on the subject of a depu-
tation to wait upon them for the purpose of urging
that an official inquiry should be made into the alle-
gations respecting the inhuman treatment of the
Fenian prisoners. Replies had been received from
the three members expressing their willingness to
meet a deputation on the subject. Several speeches
were made, and the charges made in the Irish
' national' papers were referred to. Those charges
wore to the effect that the Fenian prisoners had been
and were stili being treated with unnecessary harsh-
ness. From the effects of this treatment it was
alleged that many had died and others had become
hopeless lunatics. These charges, it was eaid, wore
not mere rumors, but were based on well-authenti-
cated documents. Most of the speakers believed
tne charges to be true, and they were quite unan-
imous in their demands for an investigation into
them. It was resolved that a deputation wait upon
Mr. Bright and the other two members. .
"The deputation was received by Mr. Bright on
Wednesday afternoon, and having set forth their
views . r •
" Mr. Bright replied as follows: I do aotwwh in
the least to find fault, for I do not find m
kind ot disposition to do so, with the conduct ot tne
gentlemen who come here to see me on this question,
