3002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Nor is this all; in the refining with charcoal
there is used from 8,200 to 8,360 pounds of
pig metal to make a ton of blooms, a loss of
about 30 per cent., while in puddling or boil
ing the loss is not more than 10 per cent, of
the weight of metal. In refining 1£ tons, or
8,360 pounds of metal, will give 2,460 pounds
of blooms. In puddling or boiling2,240 pounds
of metal will yield about 2,000 pounds of rough
bar iron, and in some instances, by the use of
cinder, it is claimed that as much rough bar
can be produced as the weight of pig metal
used.
Norway, Russia, and Swedes iron is nearly
all imported in large bars, the flats in bars
from twenty-seven and a half up to four by one
inch; the rounds and square from three fourths
up to two inches. Inspection of this bill shows
that the Norway, Russia, and Swedes iron
comes in under the lowest rates, paying just
the same duty as iron of the same sizes from
England and Wales, worth very little over half.
Protection to this class of iron is rendered
more necessary from the fact that the railroad
bars made in Russia and laid upon their roads
have been found to be too soft to endure the
wear of high speed and the heavy engines and
trains now in use. As a consequence they are
taking them up and relaying their roads with
either steel or the hard rails of England. The
Russian rails, being mostly charcoal iron, reach
this country in large quantities, and are ad-
mitted as old iron. Ihey are here cut into
short lengths and are readily rolled into mer-
chantable bars from a single heat, and come
into direct and ruinous competition with the
charcoal iron of the United States.
I hope the committee will agree to this slight
protection which I ask for the large interests
of my district and of the State of Pennsylvania
generally. I propose a protection of only
$11 25 per ton against a competition which
bids fair to ruin, many of the establishments
of our State, and has already obliged some
charcoal furnaces to go out of blast.
Mr. HOAR. It seems to me, Mr. Chairman,
that the very interesting statement made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Arm-
strong] makes it proper that the Committee
of Ways and Means should inform us whether
there is any reason why the request of the gen-
tleman should not be granted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think that when the
Committee of the Whole have struck down
the tariff per ton from $33 60 to $22 40, with
no more reason than has been shown for it,
it is hardly probable that they intend to save
these most important interests. It seems to
me the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is most reasonable, if there is
intended to be any distinction made between
the better classes of iron and the lower.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I wish to call attention
to the fact that the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] fell into an error of miscalcula-
tion in stating that in the second paragraph he
proposed to reduce the rate of duty to the same
as that in the first paragraph.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not say that.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. The gentleman from
Illinois stated that in the first paragraph a
reduction from $22 40 to $20 had been made,
which would be a reduction of 10 per cent.;
and he also stated that in the next paragraph
the duty of $28 should be reduced to $22 40,
to make it correspond with the previous reduc-
tion. The error of the gentleman's statement
consists in this: that a reduction of 10 per cent,
on $28 per ton would make the duty $25 20,
not $22 40.
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire to say that
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Armstrong] proposes a distinc-
tion which has never been incorporated in any
law heretofore. The difficulty which the amend-
ment proposes to reach is, I imagine, merely
temporary; it cannot exist for a great length
of time. I am not aware that any very large
amount of steel rails are being imported. The
distinction which the amendment proposes
would be very difficult of enforcement at the
custom-house. The custom-house officers could
not readily determine whether a particular lot
of iron had been made with charcoal or with
coke or with anthracite coal. Hence the amend-
ment would introduce a dangerous principle
into our legislation.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to strike out
the last word. It seems to me if there is any
substantial increase of duty on this article it
should have been known to the Committee of
Ways and Means, who have been examining
this question all winter. Now, Swedish iron
and Russia iron are absolutely indispensable
in this country. It is an article of iron which
the American charcoal iron has not displaced
and cannot displace.
Mr. NEGLEY rose.
Mr. BURCHARD. I am willing to yield
to the gentleman to ask a question.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed with his speech, or he will be considered
to have yielded the floor altogether.
Mr. BURCHARD. I have not yielded the
floor altogether, but have merely yielded to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to ask me a
question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair states to the
gentleman that unless he proceeds he will lose
the floor.
Mr. BURCHARD. I will withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the with-
drawal of any amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I propose to amend the
amendment. I move to strike out " half a
cent a pound" and add " five eighthsandl
do that for the purpose of inviting the attention
of the committee to what I regard as the ab-
surdity of putting the duty on tine bar iron at
1 cent per pound. The gentleman from New
York proposes to give 35 per cent., and yet we
find, by referring to the Iron Age of April 21,
the best price list of metals in this country, that
bar iron is quoted at $82 50 and $85, and Nor-
way from $90 to $95, so that- the proposition
is to reduce the duty on these articles from 20
to 25 per cent. It is a blow, Mr. Chairman,
at the wages of American workingtnen. No
rolling-mill can make fine bar iron and pay
anything like the present rate of wages. One
of two things is inevitable. Your rolling-mills,
especially in the districts of charcoal iron, must
either close permanently or must force their
workmen to accept lower wages. The iron
cannot be^ made and put upon the market in
competition with Swedish and Norway iron,
and the higher forms of Prussian and English
iron, wit.hout-a reduction of wages ranging from
20 to 23 per cent. I say, sir, as a citizen of
the United States, I do not wish to see Con-
gress forcing down the wages of our laborers
in competition with those of Europe. I say, as
a member of the Republican party, which has
enfranchised the laborefs of the South, that it
is making a fatal record for itself in thus com-
pelling a reduction of wages in these fields of
industry. I offer the amendment for the pur-
pose of making my protest both as a citizen
and as a party man against this action, hoping
the amendment of my colleague, to which I
have submitted a pro forma amendment, may
be adopted by the committee.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and I beg to say that I hope that opposi-
tion to the policy of the Committee of Ways
and Means does not decitizenizeaman or read
him out of the Republican party. Therefore,
when the gentleman from Pennsylvania says
that as an American citizen he shall do so and
so, and that as a Republican he shall do so and
so, I hope that a member who may do differ-
ently neither disfranchises himself as a citizen
nor reads himself out of the Republican party.
Every man here must judge for himself what
he shall do. Each one of us must do what we
judge to be best on the facts presented for our
consideration.
I ask the attention of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley], confessedly the
most learned man on the subject of iron, and
so considered by every man in that Slate—I
ask him to tell the House to day why it u that
the Committee of Ways and Means did not
make this discrimination when they brought
the bill before the House? Has a new light
come upon their minds, illuminating their
understandings, so that they have now inform-
ation which they did not have on the subject
before in the committee? What was the reason ?
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman wants
an answer I will tell him. They did not an-
ticipate so foolish a vote as that made on his
motion, by which the highest priced iron was
brought down, all of them together in one
tumble, from 1} to 1 cent per pound.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 call the gentleman
from Ohio to order. lie is using unparlia-
mentary language.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have risen to a point
of order, that it is not in order for the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to
speak of this House having given a foolish
vote. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman will
not insist en his point of order, for this reason :
that we are always glad to hear from the Ways
and Means Committee. They always enlighten
this House. And, as a matter of course, the
chairman of the committee means no offense
by his remark. I certainly took none; because,
according to his statement, the fools have got,
the majority to day in this House. There is
no question about that.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to that too.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I mean of course that that
is so, according to the statement of ray friend,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. But I will take it back, because I do
not think he was in earnest.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very wise men may do
very foolish things.
Mr. LOGAN. We have an exemplification
of that every day in the Committee of Ways
and Means. Wny did not this wise commit-
ter make this discrimination when they brought
in their bill, instead of undertaking now to
charge the majority of this House as foolish
because they do not agree with them? When
■the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Arm-
strong] moved his amendment and withdrew
it it is renewed by the other gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] the coal and iron
duke of that great mountainous State, and he
gets up and tells us that we ought to adopt this
amendment because it makes a proper dis-
crimination. The learned chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means then gets up
and notifies us, as if we were so many chil-
dren, that we are very foolish boys for not
agreeing with the Committee of Ways and
Means on every proposition. Well, the school-
master has a right, as a matter of course, at
all times to correct his children ; that is, if
we are to be considered the school children of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, for I presume he so considers us. Bat
I will notify these gentlemen that most of us
are of age; that we represent constituencies,
and that when we voted as we have done we
did it upon our own responsibility. These gen-
tlemen are not responsible for our votes in
this House. They are only responsible for
their own. And I would dislike very much to
have on my head so great a responsibility as
rests on the members of the Committee ot
Ways and Means on account of the action they
have taken on this tariff!
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the formal amendment, and it is withdrawn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew it. The gentle-
