100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Ho. 03? Keps.
The Democratic Party—Mr. McGormick.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
which is at once very instructive and very painful.
If there be, and there may be and evidently are,
some who believe the statements which have been
made, it seems to me to be absolutely their' duty that
they should see any member of the Government, of
the House of Commons, who may have any influence
hi remedying any of the abuses of which they could
justly complain. There are fortunate circumstances
in regard to the question itself, and one which is
unfortunate as regards the prisoners. In this coun-
try for a long time we have not been in the habit of
having political prisoners, and therefore wehayeno
political prison. There are many countries in Eu-
rope m which, if the Government, for the safety of
the people, found it necessary to take men from their
homes, try them, and send them to prison, they have
places where they can send them, and where they
are all together, and are not associated with other
prisoners who are shut up for the commission of
ordinarycrimes.
"In this country we have no prisons of that kind,
hope we never shall have. [Cheers.] It follows,
then, that the prisoners who are shut up for offenses
which are of a political character have been placed
m prisons which exist* and not all in one, but in some
degree distributed. If political prisoners are in the
same building with ordinary prisoners it is scarcely
possible to separate them so entirely as could be
wished, and. it is scarcely possible to establish for
them an entirely different system of discipline. It is
possible to do something; and from what I have seen
m the newspapers, and from what I know, a great
deal—and probably as much as possible, or there-
abouts—has been done and is being done. The Gov-
ernmenthavenotthe slightest wish to treat thepolit-
inal prisoners harshly. "We put aside for the moment
the question whether or not they are rightly im-
prisoned. All that is a question of policy which we
are not now discussing. The great object of the Gov-
ernment is, that the prisoners should not be treated
with indignity or any hardship inseparable from a
system of incarceration. You know that during the
last session certain statements were made in the
House of Commons in regard to these alleged cruel-
ties to Jb enian prisoners. The home secretary made
an answer to these allegations which was felt to a
great extentto be satisfactory. He demonstrated as
much as possible from the inquiry made that the
statements were not true.
*\Tbese statements find their way to the public gen-
erally through certain newspapers in Ireland whose
object is not at all the peace of the country, or the
saiety of the Government, or any object which good
citizens would wish to promote. Tfrey arc papers
which are instigating to disloyalty, not only to the
Crown, but also to the Parliament and to the law.
incy seek to further their object by cortain state-
ments which create great expectations in the minds
0 t?i? ?e£ple* 1 have very good reasons for know-
ing that the statements which have been made, and
some oi those which have been sent by the prisoners
themselves, as I believe, are to a very large extent
without foundation. They are statements, shall I
say, not embellished only, but they are statements
so extravagant that it would be impossible any man
should believe that any English Government would
treat the prisoners in the manner described. With
r®sard to the allegations, there will be inquiries in-
stituted by the home office for the purpose of ascer-
taining the exact facts. I have repeated the state-
ments which have caused these inquiries, and I have
been astonished at the difference; and I am bound
to believe that the grievances complained of have
been exaggerated to an enormous degree.
I have heard what Mr. O'Neill says, and although
ii° ^ot know he wont through those cruelties I re-
called the painful letter written by Mr. Ernest Jones
describing what he suffered. Any Government which
w-u • u -r5 n a P^itic&l prisoner the hardships to
winch Mr. J ones was subjected on thatoccasion would
be aOrovernmentwhich would haveno right to appeal
to tlie sympathies of a free people. On this matter
my v tew does not differ in the slightest degree from
yours. J. know that the home secretary has made
repeated inquiries, and that ho has constantly had
thesubject under his consideration; but unless the
Government were to remove tho wholo of tho pris-
12  ome priaon—to set it up, for the time at
least, as a, sort of political prison—I believe it would
of nSwSwfi^K all the changes which some
would wish to be made. It would be an un-
pleasant thing to me and to you and to the whole
thf^nJntrvVh sbould be recordedin history that in
this country there was a necessity for having a prison
if R ^risoners* ^ would rather prefer that
i should begiven which could fairly
f ^he various piisons in which the
unfortunate menaro placed.
ySUi^ivJesa^ and the interest which you
have felt shall be represented by me without any
T0Ye*naieI1fc  and especially to the
^ "a su!:e 'be ease of the prison-
finvp s*??e^fr,0.® the statements which you
nave made or Oie feeling which you have expressed
r ■ K:j?oe.rs-] What I said last night as
unbarring of prison doors' I said merely from
be feeling which I have on this matter and which
i e always ontertamed. Ihere is not a single
member of the administration who would not be
rejoiced, and who would notgo to bed to-night in a
happier mind, if ho had been able during the day
to determine that the prison doors should be 'un-
oarrea. JL suspect that even Irishmen themselves
would not have any great consideration for a Gov-
ernment that allowed itself before it thought the
time had come to be influenced by something ap-
proaching to menace—to depart from the policy
which they thought essential to the safety of the
country.
" After all, itisnotalight matter for men to conspire
and arm and drill and break out into open insur-
rection. I am not speaking of specific crimes which
men of violent and untamable temper have com-
mitted. butlspeak of thegeneralaetofwar, because
that is what was contemplated. You must bear in
mind that it is notonly therichwhosufferfrom these
convulsions. Every disturbance of the public peace
impairs the authority of the law or compels the
Government to make the law more severe. Every
disturbance of the public peace affects to a great
extent tho solidity of our social system and the
industry of the people. It affects the security of
capital and the general condition of trade. Although
men from honorable though mistaken vrews are
betrayed into the commission of such crimes there
are no greater offenses against the national peace
than for men to endeavor by armed insurrection to
carry out a policy which in this country may be car-
ried out without force-at'all.
"Ever since 1832, when the reform bill was car-
ried, all pretense for armed interference is gone.
Everythingrighttobe donocan be carried by moving
on public opinion, that public opinion acting upon
Parliament and the administration. Though I have
been one who have always spoken strongly in favor
of changes, and changes which we showed by dem-
onstration were right to be made, still for all that I
am bound to say that I know no greater enemies to
our country than the men who attempt by force of
arms to disturb the public peace and to break down
the authority of the laws. Least of all are those to
be excused who being in a country to which they
have emigrated, and thereby escaped from what they
suppose to be the tyranny and oppression here, are
free to do what they please, yet conspire against our
common country. I cannot see that any kind of
allowance is to be made for such persons. If they
like to be citizens of America, let them be so; but
having transported themselves to another country,
and become citizens of another State, they are the
enemies of our country if they come here to destroy
the public peace.
, '-'Men because they are Americans are not to be
judged less leniently than men who remain in this
country and endeavor to do what they believe to be
to the interests of the country. I did not intend say-
ing what I have said, but I have been led to do so
by what has passed here. I will repeat what you
have said, andwhatyoufeel and wish I will, without
any abatement or mitigation, or lessening of its influ-
ence, report to the members of administration. It
will be to me the greatest possible delight, as I believe
it would be most certainly to every member of the
Government, if they could at once throw open the
prison doors and let all these men go free. But they
must consult what they believe to be the safety of
the country, and they must take into consideration
the general state of public opinion on this subject
throughout the United Kingdom. The Government
cannot go before, and it oughtnot to lag much behind
public opinion. It is a great and painful question,
and I speak the sentiments of every member of the
administration when I say that they will give it now
* 0 future, and I hope in a not remote time,
all the consideration it deserves.
"The deputation then withdrew.''
Tite Uemocratic Party.
REMARKS OF HON. J. R. McCORMICK,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House op Representatives,
February 19, 1870,
In defense of the Democratic party, in reply to the
remarks of Mr. Sarqent.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. In the
debates of the House a few days since, Mr.
Speaker, the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] took occasion to use the following
language:
I do not propose to deal in mere general asser-
tion. i shall appeal to the record and make good
the assertion that I made a few days ago, and now
repeat tnat the weight of the Democratic party was
thrown into the scale against the Government in the
late desperate struggle for national unity and honor.
i sensibilities of any gentleman are wounded
by this review he will have the satisfaction, if my
conclusions are hasty or illogical, of pointing out my
error; my facts cannot be disputed. X regret that
any party at toe IS orth should have a reeord so blaek
and damning. _ But let those who have made it take
its responsibility."
I take exceptions to this language and pro-
pose to defend the Democratic party from this
unjust assault. The gentleman has attempted
to prove these charges by the record, which i
propose to refute in the same way. Nor will I
hold whole parties responsible for the utter-
ances of a single individual, as the gentleman
seemed disposed to do. The past history of
the Democratic party presents us with a record
at which no one need to blush. Upon the elec-
tion of Mr. Jefferson that party came into
power, and for sixty years shaped the policy
and controlled the destiny of the Republic,
except the brief period in which the Whigparty
was in power. Nor does history furnish an
example of any country whose rapid growth
and rising power equaled ours during the dom-
ination ofthe Democratic party. That party did
not, as is charged by the gentleman, plan trea-
son and inaugurate rebellion. No platform
adopted, no policy inaugurated by it, warrant
such declaration. It is true the Democratic
party long and faithfully administered the Gov-
ernment according to the letter and spirit of
the Constitution, and that under its adminis-
tration an.unexampled prosperity was enjoyed
by the entire country.
Secession was a southern measure, adopted
by the southern people, without regard to party,
and was resisted by the northern people in the
same way. Had northern Democrats taken
no action for the suppression of the rebellion
then, indeed, would it have proved a success;
for the reason that at the outbreak of the rebel-
lion the Government was in the hands of the
Democratic party, the Army and Navy were
commanded by a Democratic President, and
the popular vote had opposed the election of
Mr. Lincoln by a majority of 946,970 votes.
And now, after the rebellion has been sup-
pressed as much by Democratic valor as by
Republican prowess, we find the gentleman
from California denouncing that party but for
whose assistance neither he nor his party could
wield the scepter of power which they exercise
with so little regard to the rights of those who
oppose them or the requirements of the Con-
stitution, which is the paramount law of the
land.
In prosecuting this investigation I propose
to institute a comparison of the efforts made
for the suppression of the rebellion as between
Republican and Democratic States ; and first,
let us compare Missouri with Massachusetts,
the former in 1860 about as intensely Dem-
ocratic as the latter was Republican. Mis-
souri in 1860 east 147,518 votes for President,
oi which Mr. Lincoln received 17,028 ; Mas-
sachusetts at the same time cast for President
169,533 votes, of which Mr. Lincoln received
106,533. Going upon the assumption of the
gentleman from California, that Democrats
favored the rebellion, we would expect Massa-
chusetts to furnish six times as many volun-
teers as did Missouri, from the fact that Mas-
sachusetts cast six times as many Republican
votes as did Missouri; but was this the case?
Let the record answer.
According to the Adjutant General's report,
under the first three calls for volunteers, the
quota of Massachusetts was 55,508 men. That
State furnished 50,256 men, or 5,252 less than
its quota; while for the same calls the quota
of Missouri was 51,936 men, and that State
furnished 64,153 men, or 12,217 more than its
quota. Notwithstanding the people of Mis-
souri, at an election in February, 1861, declared
against secession by a majority of eighty thou-
sand ; notwithstanding their alacrity in volun-
teering for the suppression of the rebellion,
furnishing more than five times as many men
for the Army as there were Republican votes in
the State in 1860, yet her people are denounced
as having planned treason and inaugurated re-
bellion, and that, too, by men who never heard
a rebel gun fire. It is true many persons in
Missouri embarked in rebellion without regard
to party; but the great body of her people
were .true and faithful to the Constitution and
