3946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ma? 31,
SJ *
considered and to which the honorable Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Shermah] called my attention,
and in answer to some inquiry on his part I had
specifically stated that on the item for collection
of the internal revenues, for that was the sub-
ject under consideration, $1,000,000 had been
stricken from the estimates.
In that connection the Senator from Illinois,
on a bill for a deficiency in the collection of
the customs, undertakes to tell the Senate and
the country—for that is the effect of it—that
whereas on a former dayl had boasted of sav-
ing $1,000,000, now, on a subsequent day,
here is a deficiency of $1,400,000 brought in
by me; and then he adds, by way of giving it
emphasis, "Is this the way savings are to be
made: strike down $1,000,000 below the esti-
mates, and next year put up $1,400,000 defi-
ciency?" The inference was inevitable: "You
take off to-day and put up to-morrow." Bead
the statement of the honorable Senator and
you can come to no other conclusion; and from
what he has said to-day it is most evident that
that is what he had in his mind. He did not
see the distinction, that wo were talking about
internal revenue on a former occasion, and we
were talking about external revenue or cus-
toms yesterday. The Senator, without know-
ing himself, or without calling upon me to
explain the fact, made a criticism which was
offensive to me, was necessarily offensive to
the committee, and was putting the committee
in a wrong attitude before the Senate and before
the country.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, it seems to
me, in reference to this question—and I do not
intend to trouble the Senate long about it—that
the Senator from Illinois has stated what all
experience in collecting revenues, or collecting
money anywhere else, will not bear out. If
the Government collects $180,000,000 this year
from customs revenue, or from internal reve-
nue, the last $10,000,000 will eosta larger per-
centage to collect than any other $10,000,000
in it. There is a certain amount of the reve-
nue, both internal and customs revenue, which
comes as a matter ofcQurse, and it is well known
to everybody who has had any observation of
these matters, that it is the last few millions of
the public revenue which are the most expens-
ive to collect. Had we had a less efficient Sec-
retary of the Treasury, one who would not have
put this last $504,011 18 upon the customs ser-
vice in the six months for which the figures
are made out, we should not have had the
$7,270,011 43 extra income for that time. It
is precisely this extra service, precisely this
appointment of an officer here and there to
detect or prevent frauds, to gather up'the odds
and ends of revenue, which has enabled us to
have for that period of six: months a revenue
of over $7,000,000 more than for the corre-
sponding period of the previous year.
The Senator from Illinois says that it is not
likely that the addition of $10,000,000 to
the national revenue in any one year will
necessitate a proportionate addition to the
expense. The opposite is precisely the truth.
With regard to any man's private debts which
he is collecting, the last ten per. cent, costs
him a great deal more labor and trouble than
the first ninety per cent. It is so in every
branch of the revenues collected by the Gov-
ernment; and it is necessarily so. There is the
real explanation of the fact that this $504,000
extra expense was about seven per cent, of
the amount collected in excess of the corre-
sponding period of the previous year, while the
average expense of collection of the revenue
was only about three per cent. I venture to
say that it will always be so; and the more
efficient, the more careful the officers of the
Government p„re in collecting up the last drip-
pings of the revenue, the more will this pro-
portionate expense to the whole increase.
I think that is a satisfactory explanation, a
thoroughly satisfactory explanation of the rea-
son why that $500,000 was used in collecting
the $7,000,000 of revenue, and that the $500,000
was a larger proportion of the amount of rev-
enue collected than the whole expense of col-
lecting the revenue is of the whole revenue
collected.
As I said, I do not wish to intrude upon the
time of theSenate, fori have no doubt we shall
pass the bill; but I do not like the reflection
upon the Secretary of the Treasury in this
matter, for I believe if there is an officer of the
Government who is thoroughly indefatigable,
and intelligent in the performance of his duties
it is that officer.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, as the in-
quiry I addressed to the Senator from Maine,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, seems to have set this debate in motion,
it is perhaps proper that I should say a few
words.
The question is as to a deficiency in the
expenses of the collection of the customs,
amounting to $1,400,000. I have no doubt the
Senator from Maine gave all the explanation
of which the subject was susceptible ; but the
fact still remains unexplained that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in his official statement
madesome timeago, congratulated himself and
the country on a saving of $1,000,000 in the
collection of the customs, and now by the de-
ficiency bill brought in by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations it seems instead
of a saving there is an excess of $1,400,000.
I am not surprised that the Senator from
Vermont who spoke awhile ago should have
deprecated a continuance of this debate. I
am sure that Senator does not object to the
throwing of light on a subject of the magni-
tude, even in these days of great amounts, of
$1,400,000; but he probably felt, after hearing
the explanation of the Senator from Maine,
that the subject was one which could not be
satisfactorily cleared up.
I was struck, as the Senator from Illinois
was struck, by the feature in the statement of
the chairman of the committee upon which
that Senator commented. The statement of
the chairman of the committee was that the
entire collection of customs for the fiscal year
for which this deficiency has arisen exceeded
by from thirteen to fifteen million dollars the
collections for the previous year, and hence,
as I understood the chairman of the committee,
this excess of $1,400,000. At all events, I
thiulc I must be right in saying that that was
the main explanation of that exccss.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; the Sen-
ator did not quite apprehend mo. I attributed
the $504,000 mainly to that. I said distinctly
that the appropriation made in 1866 was not
sufficient; that on the question of appropria-
tions for the collection of the customs we had
not been in the habit of appropriating annu-
ally; that by a statute of 1860 $4,400,000 were
appropriated in two equal semi-annual pay-
ments ; that that was found to be about a mil-
lion less than the annual actual expense each
year. This year it is larger; this year it is
$1,400,000; and 1 undertook to account for
$500,000 of that by saying that there had been
an effort to infuse vigor into the revenue ser-
vice, and the consequence was, in part by the
result of the effort on the part of the Govern-
ment, in part by the increased business of the
country, an increase in the revenue of over
ten million dollars.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then, sir, that is the
outcome of the high-sounding announcement
made by the Secretary of the Treasury, that
instead of $1,000,000 saved in the expenses
of collecting the customs, there is, even by the
friendly although no doubt substantially accu-
rate statement of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, an excess of $500,000.
Now, sir, it is nothing to say of so high an
officer as the Secretary of the Treasury that wo
have confidence in his honesty. It is still less
to say, as the Senator from Vermont said, that
he has not exceeded the law, because what
should be said of a Secretary of the Treasury
who violated the law in making disbursements?
That would be undoubtedly, to use the lan-
guage of the Senator from Vermont, a mal-
feasance in office. But the question is, what
has become of the profession of economy in
this respect made by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ? Is the explanation which has been given
sufficient ? Why, sir, a high officer of the Gov-
ernment like him, trusted as he must be with,
a great discretion in the expenditure of money,
is rarely if ever guilty of such a malfeasance
in office as spending money without law neces-
sarily would be. It is with him almost always
a question whether he is economical or waste-
ful, and that is the question now. It will be
for the country to decide whether upon the
whole an explanation which has not satisfied
the Senator from Illinois will be a satisfactory
one to the mass of the people.
I presume, as the Senator said, this bill will
pass any way. The force of a deficiency bill is
that it is a necessity which is not to be evaded.
There it is : the-money has been spent or the
liability has been incurred ; it must be pro-
vided for. I desired merely to call the attention
of the Senate to what seemed to me the salient
features of the debate which has occurred upon
this deficiency bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, STEWART. I have an amendment to
provide for an omission of $3,000 for the land
office in Nevada. The estimate was $3,8(31,
but only $364 was appropriated, leaving off the
$3,000. I have the letter of the Commissioner,
in which he presumes it was an oversight. It
appears to have been an oversight. On con-
versing with a member of the Committee on
Appropriations in the House he said it was
most certainly an oversight. They intended
to appropriate the amount estimated. I have
the letter explaining it if any one desires to
hear it read.
The amendment was read, as follows :
That the sum of $3,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated for rent of office, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses of the office of the
purveyor general of Nevada, to supply a deficiency
^appropriations for the fiscal year ending June oO,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
has the letter, let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The letter
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Department of the Interior,
Gexeral LA>d Office, Man 6,1870.
Sib: In the estimates for deficiencies required by
the surveying service tor the fiscal year ending June
o0,(18(0, there was estimated:
For compensation of clerks in the office of the
surveyor general of Nevada, &23G.
For rent of office for the surveyor general of
.Nevada,fuel, books, stationery,and other incidental
expenses, S3,064."
By an act making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies m the appropriations for the service of the
b-overnment for the fecal year ending June 30, 1870.
and tor other purposes, approved April 20,1870, there
was appropnated " lor salaries of clerks in the office
or the surveyor general of Nevada and contingent
expenses, $300."
The amount appropriated for compensation of
clerks, namely, $233, is sutlieient, but leaving only
sixty-lour dollars lor contingent expenses; £3,000 less
than estimated for. The otlice rent for the surveyor
general is at present three quarters in arrears, at an
annual rental of $1,200, owing to ail insufficiency of
termer approprialiens, to say nothing of expenses
arising tor fuel, stationery, pay of messenger, and
other expenses which must necessarily arise.
As it is the opinion of this office that the small-
ness ot the appropriation may have been owing to
an oversight on the part of the House Committee on
Appropriations, and as the sum estimated is abso-
lutely required for the service, it is requested that
such immediate steps may be taken as will insure
the appropriation of the sum named, namely, $3,000,
t°r the purposes hereinbefore mentioned.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. William M, Stewart, United States Senate.
