4890
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
incomes, but only to the taxes on corporations
and salaries.
Mr. CORBETT. So I understood the Sen-
ator : but the amendment referred to acts which
I luive not before me, and therefore I asked the
question. I supposed it might apply.
Mr. CONKLING. It, is in the same lan-
guage which we passed before.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was on page 87, to insert as section
seventeen the following:
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That tho Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to annex to and unite with
each other two or moro adjoining collection districts
whenever, in his opinion.it will reduce the expenses
of collecting the internal lcvenue without impairing
the efficiency of the service: and thereupon shall
retain but ono collector and one assessor for such
enlarged district.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment is in regard to the tariff.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section forty-seven of the House bill, line
two, to strike out "31st day of December"
and insert "1st day of October so that the
section will read:
That on and after the 1st day of October, 1870, in
lieu of the dues now imposed by law on tho articles
hereinafter enumerated or provided for, imported
from foreign countries, &e.
Mr. MQRRILL, of Vermont. That was to
be withdrawn.
- Mr. SHERMAN. The committee have re-
considered that matter and have concluded to
let the bill stand as the House proposed it. 11
was complained that it would be an act of great
injustice to make the act takeeffectso soon, as
it left large stocks on baud upon which mer-
chants would have to pay the duties. There-
fore we propose to leave it to take effect on the
last of December, as proposed by the House.
The Committee on Finance withdraw that
amendment, if they have the power to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
thony in the chair.) The amendment is with-
drawn.
The next amendment of the Committee oil
Finance was on page 90, line seven, after the
words "on teas of all kinds, fifteen cents per
pound," to insert the following proviso :
Provided, That this shall not bo held to affect in
any way section six of the act appioved March 3,
18ti5, entitled "An act amendatory of certain acts
imposing duties upon foreign importations."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 90, after
line twelve to strike out the following clause :
On cbiccory, succory, dandelion root, and acorn
coffee, raw, ground, burned, or prepared, and oil all
substitutes tor coifee, fivo cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 90, after
line nineteen to strike out the following:
On all raw or Muscovado sugar, and on all other
sugars not above Aro. 12 Dutch standard in color,
two cents per pound.
On clarified sugar, two and three Quarter cents per
1K>0n refined sugar, stovodried, in loaf, lump, crushed,
powdered, or granulated, four cents per pound: Pro-
vided, That, all sugar other than refined stove dried
which has been advanced in quality above Xo. 12
Dutch standard in color, by being boiled in a vacuum
pan or crystalled, in a vacuum pan, or clayed or
liquored m molds or purged in centrifugal machines,
or by vacuum process, orliltered through bone-black
or ils equivalent, shall be regarded as clarified sugar:
A iidprovuled j'u rth or, That theSecretary of the Treas-
ury shall, by regulations, prescribe and require that
samples shall be talien by inspectors so as to get a
true average quality, and that the said samples be
severally pi eserved m glass bottles and marked for
future identification and icferenco, and that the
weights of sugar imported in casks or boxes shall be
marked distinctly by the custom-house weigher by
scoring the figures indelibly on each package.
On molasses lrom sug.u'-canc, five cents per gallon.
On tank-bottom sirup of sugar-cane juiee, melada,
concentrated melada, or concentrated molasses, one
and throe fourths cents per pound.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
On all sugar not above No. 7 Dutch standard in
color, and on all sirup ot sugar-cane, melada, or con-
centrated melada, and concentrated molasses, one
and throe fourths cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 7 Dutch standard in color,
and not above No. 10 Dutch standard in color, two
cents per pound.'
On allsugar above No. lODutch standard in color,
and not above No. 13 Dutch standard in color, two
and one fourth cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 13 Dutch standard in color,
and not above No. 10 Dutch standard in color, two
and a half ccnts per pound.
On all sugar above No. 10 Dutch standard in color,
and not above No. 20 Dutch standard in color, thioo
cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 20 Dutch standard in color,
and on all relined loaf, lump,crushed, powdered, and
granulated sugar, four cents per pound.
On all molasses, five cents per gallon: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Treasury shall, by regula-
tions, prescribe and require that samples shall be
taken by inspectors from the hogshead, box, or other
package, in such a manner as to represent a true
average of tho contents of the package, and from a
sufficient number of packages of the same mark in
each and every invoice, so that thosamples on which
the classification is made shall be a fair average in
quality ot the sugar imported under that mark, and
the classification shall be adjudged on the entire
uiaik accordingly; and thowcightsof sugar imported
in casks or boxes shall be marked distinctly by the
custom-lionso weigher by scoring the figures indeli-
bly on each package.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is an amend ment
which I am directed by the Committee on
Finance to withdraw; that is, we propose that
the words from line twenty to line forty-five be
stricken out, and withdraw the matter proposed
to be inserted; the effect of which will be to
leave the duty on sugar precisely where it is
now, at three cents a pound.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We want to adopt part
of the amendment and reject the other part.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, we want the amend-
ment adopted so far as the question of striking
out is concerned.
Mr. CONKLING. Do you withdraw your
amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance have the same right under parliament-
ary practice to withdraw an amendment at any
time before a vote is taken as any member
would have.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 bog the Senator's pardon.
He has no such right; and no committee on
this floor has that right.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Chair whether
it is so or not. I think the committee have that
power at any time before a vote is taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
the practice of the Senate always to allow com-
mittees, or the chairman of a committee speak-
ing for the committee, to withdraw amend-
ments ; but the Chair does not like to decide
against the dictum of the Senator from Maine
on that subject, who is much better posted
than the present occupant of the chair.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no recollection in
all my practice here, except by unanimous con-
sent, of a committee or an individual withdraw-
ing an amendment after the Senate have voted
to act on the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my honorable friend
will allow me, I have been for a long time
connected with the Committee on Appropria-
tions or the Committee on Finance, and I
remember that my predecessor before me did
it constantly. Tho committee consider that
they have the same right over their amend-
ments that any member would have if he
offered an amendment. But it is utterly im-
material.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is, before action on
the bill; but afterward they have not that right.
I want the vote of the Senate on this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. So do I.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is all I ask. I desire
that we may have a vote on that amendment.
If it is the sense of the Senate to reject it, that
will accomplish the object of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let theSenator, then, call
for a division of the question. I am willing
that a vote shall be taken on stiikTng out the
provisions of the House bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Gist
question will be on the amendment proposed
by the committee, to strike out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A motion to strike out
and insert cannot be divided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio proposes to withdraw the amend-
ment to insert.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That he cannot do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such has
been the practice of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us take a vote on the
amendment and either adopt it or reject it,
and let the Senate determine what is best to
be done with it. That ia what I ask.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to my friend
from Maine, on the question of order, that the
tenth rule., I think, makes it perfectly clear that
anybody or auy committee that offers a prop-
osition may withdraw it at any time..
Mr. HAMLIN. Read the rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is as follows :
" When a motion shall bo made and seconded, it
shall be reduced to writing, if desired by the Pre-
siding Officer or any Senator, delivered in at the
tablo, and read, before the same shall be debated:
and any motion may bo withdrawn by the mover at
any time before a decision, amendment, or ordering
of the yeas and nays, except a motion to reconsider,
which shall not be withdrawn without leave of tho
Senate."
Mr. HAMLIN. We have had lots of votes
by yeas and nays upon this bill. I want a vote
of the Senate upon the amendment. I do not
care in what manner that vote is reached ; and
I desire to state as briefly as I may the reasons
which will control my vote on this subject.
I voted with the Senator from Ohio to retain
the tax upon incomes. In reviewing the whole
matter I believed it wise and proper to do so.
But the sense of the Senate is very determined
on that question; and I coticur in the opinion
which theSenator from Ohio expresses, that it
is to be regarded as a settled thing that that
tax is not to be retained. I do not know that
I will vote for it any longer.
Then, if we find a diminution of that amount,
and a certain sum becomes necessary for the
use of the Government,from what other source
shall it be gathered ? We have added in now
the tax upon gross receipts, which amounts, in
round numbers, to $6,000,000. The deficiency
made by striking out the income tax was
$17,000,000. We want ยง11,000,000 more to
replace that amount. If we place sugars upon
the same basis that they now occupy, or, in
other words, if we leave the law remain as it
is and leave sugars to be assessed at the rate
of duties provided by existing laws, you get
your $11,000,000 and replace it.
Now, is it wise to do that ? Is it best to do
it? I think not; and I will state the reasons
why I tlunk so. In the first place, sugar is an
article that enters into very general consump-
tion. It is used by all classes in our commu-
nity. The present tax is a tax of at least fifty
per cent, net upon' the lower grades, and of
one hundred per cent, upon the best article in
the foreign maiket. It is, therefore, an exor-
bitant tax. If removed it affects a very large
number ot the community. May we leave it
out? 1 sny we may leave it out, and replace
no other thing in the law to supply its place.
I see that the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Moiuuli,] shakes his head, from which I infer
he does not agree with me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I beg the
Senator's pardon ; I shook it to get a fly ofl".
[Laughter.]
Mr. HAMLIN. TV ell, there was something
on the Senator s head, then, if not in it.
[Laughte^.]
1 think we may leave the tax upon sugar
entirely as it was reported by the Senate com-
mittee \ and I will state the reasons in a very
few words which lead me to that conclusion.
Under the internal revenue tax last year, Sen-
ators all remember that we collected a large
number of millions of dollars above and be-
yond the estimates for that year. I have riot
been able to put my bauds upon the figures,
X <cao*v what the amount collected was; but I
