mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Democratic Party—Mr. McOormiek.
Ho. of Reps.
the Union. It were well for the people of
Missouri if these unjust charges were all that
they are doomed to suffer; but these unjust
charges have been followed by acts of wrong and
by oppression. More than one hundred thou-
sand of her people have been disfranchised,
multitudes of whom were guilty of no crime,
some of whom have been honorably discharged
from the military service of the country. But
they were Democrats, and if permitted to vote
would certainly defeat the Radical party. That
I have not overestimated the number dis-
franchised may be demonstrated by the census
of 1868, taken by authority of that State, which
shows the number of white males over the age
of twenty-one years to be 275,722, of which
number 167,000 were registered as qualified
voters, leaving 108,722 who were not permitted
to vote. But the wrongs of the people of Mis-
souri do not stop here. Their disfranchise-
ment has been followed by the elevation to
office of a class of men who by a system of
peculation, fraud, and corrupt legislation, has
well nigh bankrupted the State; in order to
remedy which a large increase of taxation
already burdensome is indispensable. But I
am digressing. In further defense of the Demo-
cratic party, I may add that the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, which the Republican
party in 1860 carried by small majorities, far
outstripped the New England States in fur-
nishing men for the suppression of the rebel-
lion, notwithstanding the New England States
were overwhelmingly Republican. But the
gentleman from California has called attention
to the Democratic platform adopted by the
Chicago convention in 18G4 as another evi-
dence of the disloyalty of the Democratic party.
What sentence in that platform breathes dis-
loyalty? Here is that portion to which the gen-
tleman takes exception. It reads as follows :
"Resolved, That this convention does explicitly
declare, as the sense of the American people, that
after four years of failure to restore the union by
the cxneriment of war, during which, under pre-
t-jnse of military necessity or war power higher than
the Constitution, the Constitution lias been disre-
garded in every part, a,nd public liberty and private
nshts havo been alike trodden down, and the mate-
rial prosperity of the country essentially impaired,
justice, humanity, liberty, and tho public welfare
demand that immediato efforts bo made for a cessa-
tion of hostilities with a view to an ultimate conven-
tion of all the States or other peaoeablo means, to
the end that at tho earliest practioal moment peaee
may bo restored on tho basis of the Federal Union of
the States."
The first declaration of this resolution de-
clares that four years of war have failed to restore
the Union. The gentleman arraigns the Dem-
ocratic party for making such a declaration in
the following words. He says :
"Is it slander to say that the Democratic party
cast its weight against the war? It declared the war
a failure in the very moment that it was becoming a
glorious success in spite of its threats, its prayers,
and its prophecies."
If to speak the truth was to aid the rebellion
then the Democratic party at Chicago was
guilty of the charge; otherwise it was not. Sir,
that first declaration of the Chicago conven-
tion was a sad truth, but nevertheless it was a
stubborn fact; and I dare aver that no man in
the Chicago convention produced an array of
more appalling facts in support of the truth of
that declaration than the speech of the gentle-
man from California himself. Hear what he
says:
"A momentary glance at the condition of the
country during the time many of these measures
wpro considered is all that I can afford. Union
affairs were gloomy. Pope had been defeated in Vir-
ginia, and the eastern army was broken, scattered,
almost annihilated; tho Northwest was blockaded
by the guns of Port Hudson and Vicksburg; recruit-
ing was at astand-still; in New York and other cities
the opponents of the Administration were threaten-
ing mobs, which rose a few months later with deso-
lating effects; the army of tho West had failed at
Chickasaw Bayou and Yazoo Pass; the army under
jjanks had accomplished but little; the canal at
Vicksburg was a failure; the baser spirits of the
West were fomenting insurrection; General Price
crossed the river with the avowed purpose of head-
ing the Knights of the Golden Circle in the North-
west; a great peace convention was gathering in
Ohio, and the hope of the restoration of the Union
paled even in tho firm mind of Mr. Lincoln. Well
might the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voobhees]
ask us, ' Where are the victories that you promised
us?' We could not show them. Everywhere were
discouragement and disaster; and to fill up themeas-
uro of trial, tho people for a moment wavered and
seemed on tho point of abandoning tho contest and
yielding to the rebel demand for independence."
That is what the gentleman says; and if
Democrats at Chicago in uttering these truths
were guilty of treason, what must be the crime
of a Republican Representative who with in-
creased emphasis reiterates the same thing on
the floor of Congress?
But let ns look at this resolution of the
Chicago convention a little further. It says
in its next clause:
"Under pretense of military necessity, or war power
higher than tho Constitution, the Constitution has
been disregarded in every part, and publio liberty
and private rights havo been aliko troddon down."
Mr. Speaker, it may not be true that the
Constitution has been disregarded in every
part, but it cannot be denied that it has been
disregarded in many particulars. Mr. Lincoln
performed acts which he himself declared he
had no constitutional power to do. Some of
the legislative acts of those times have already
by the courts been declared in conflict with
the Constitution, while others yet upon the
statute-books by many are believed to be no
less obnoxious to that instrument. But sup-
pose this declaration of the Chicago conven-
tion was without foundation, are men to bo
charged with treason because they have at-
tempted to preserve the Constitution and render
its sacred obligations binding? This is what
the Democratic party did in Chicago, and for
doing this they have been charged with giving
aid to the rebellion.
Sir, the great crime of the Democratic party
in the eyes of some parties would seem to be
because of its persistent defense of the Consti-
tution and its repeated rebuke of those who do
it violence. But I trust that party will continue
to battle for the Constitution and constitu-
tional liberty, and like Aaron and Hur upon
Mount Horeb, who held up the arms of Moses
until Israel should prevail, so may that party
strengthen the Constitution until its benign
authority is acknowledged by all men of all
parties.
I come now to notice the third and last clause
of the resolution adopted by the Chicago con-
vention, and to which tho gentleman has taken
exception. It reads as follows:
"Justice, humanity, liberty, and tho public wel-
fare demand that immediate efforts be made for a
cessation of hostilities with a view to an ultimate
convention of all the States or other peaceablemeans,
to the end that at the earliest practicable moment
peaco may be restored on the basis of tho Federal
Union of all the States."
This appeal was made in the name of justice,
humanity, liberty, and the public welfare, for
the restoration of peace. Upon what basis?
Upon the basis of acknowledging the independ-
ence of the confederate States? No. Upon the
basis of a final disseverment of the Union?
No ; but on the basis of the Federal Union of
all the States. Why, Mr. Speaker, that was
just what our Army was fighting for, just what
every Union man in the nation earnestly desired,
and for which thousands of our brave soldiers
perished on the field; and yet these sentiments
of devotion to the Union expressed in conven-
tion by the Democratic party are by the gentle-
man from California denounced as disloyal.
Mr. Speaker, Democrats at Chicago may
have been mistaken as to the best means for
the restoration of the Union. They advised
a suspension of hostilities with a view to a
peaceful restoration of the Union. This plan
may have been impractical. General McClel-
lan, in his letter of acceptance, dissented from
their views upon this subject. True, war had
up to that time failed to restore the Union;
and it is equally true that many persons besides
Democrats were becoming doubtful of the
struggle. The hope of the restoration of the
Union paled even in tho firm mind of Mr.
Lincoln, says the gentleman from California.
Was it a crime for Democrats to share the
fears of Mr. Lincoln for the safety of their
country, or to ask that other means be tried to
save the Union which they loved? But the
gentleman undertook to demonstrate the dis-
loyalty of the Democratic side of this House
by comparing the number of Democrats with
that of Republicans who had borne arms in
the defense of the Union, and announced the
result to be fifty-one Republicans and eight
Democrats, and adds, "is further comment
necessary?"
In answer to his interrogation I will state
that of the fifty-one Republicans named by
the gentleman seventeen of them were in 1860
opposed to the Republican party, some of
them Democrats dyed in the wool. Messrs.
Butler and Locan, who each rose to the rank
of major general, were original Democrats; so
were Van Horn, Benjamin, Boyd, and Dyer,
of my own State, and others too numerous for
mention.
But it is said these all turned Republican.
So they have; but their enlistment while Dem-
ocrats is proof that Democrats in 1860 were
not of the disloyal character charged by the
gentleman from California. In the investiga-
tion of causes which influenced men to join
the Republican party during the war, some
circumstances may be noticed which in all ages
have had their influence upon human action.
It is well known that Mr. Lincoln had the
power to commission and promote as well
as remove men from office. It is also well
known that he was averse to commissioning
men who opposed him politically. What influ-
ence these circumstances had in changing the
politics of officers in our Army I leave for others
to judge.
But we are told that the common soldiers
also turned Republican. This was certainly
true of many; but every one must know that
the habits and discipline of an army are such
as to unite men both in thought and action ;
and if the officers of the Army were generally
Republican, whether from policy or convic-
tion, the rigor of discipline taught the private
to conform his own views to those of his com-
manding officer. How far these influences
affected the rank and file I also leave for others
to judge.
But I find upon the Republican side of the
House another class of men coming up from
the southern States as the Representatives of
a people to whom they are strangers. Are
they here by the choice of the people whom
they claim to represent, or has the revolution
opened at the South a field well suited to
adventure, where men with merit less may best
succeed?
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from California
may exult at the numbers which crowd his
side of this House. But there are circum-
stances connected with this fact which are not
calculated to flatter reflecting men of his party.
Unscrupulous demagogues are ever sure to
crowd into and corrupt the dominant party.
In it are found the professional politician and
officehunters, great and small. Therabblealso
pour into it, not in hope of office, but to gratify
a vanity felt by the ignorant masses, who, in
the ranks of the dominant party, shout,' 'These
be the gods, O! Israel! that delivered you out
of Egypt, and from the house of bondage.''
These classes corrupt and weaken the party
with which they act, and they are ever sure to
desert and betray it in the day of its adversity.
Such are now the evils afflicting the Repub-
lican party and which are certain to work its
dissolution.
