1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
The SPEAKER. The Chair will endeavor
to enforce the rules of order.
Mr RANDALL. As the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Churchill] has alluded to
mP will he allow me to make a statement?
Mr CHURCHILL. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. By agreement with the
eentleman from New York [Mr. Churchill]
and myself Mr. Foster was to be allowed one
hour to be heard in this case. My understand-
ing with Mr. Foster was that he would certainly
be here to-day. I presume he has been de-
tained by the storm; but as an hour has been
yielded by the gentleman from New York I do
not feel willing now to ask for a farther post- j
^Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, the con- j
tested-election case from the twenty-first dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, to which by direction of ;
the Committee of Elections I have the honor I
to call the attention of the House, differs from
most cases of contested election in this House
in that neither of the claimants has been ad- i
mitted as havin g prima facie a right to the seat j j
The result of the discussion upon the resolution j:
reported from the majority of the Committefe |
of Elections at the first session of the Forty-
"First Congress, that John Covode was entitled
prima facie to represent that district, was that
the whole subject was recommitted to the com-
mittee with instructions to report who upon the
merits of the case was entitled to the seat.
The following is the resolution, and also the
reflations adopted by its authority, under
which the contest has been conducted:
"Baolved, That the contested-election case from
the twenty-first congressional distriot of Pennsyl-
vania be recommitted to the Committee of Elections,
with instructions to report upon the merits of the
esse who is entitled to represent said district in this
House, with authority to make regulations to govern
the mode of conducting the contest and taking
testimony.
"Regulation* for conducting the contest and talcing
tcitiaony in the contested-election case from th ctwenty-
fint congressional district of Pennsylvania, to which
John Covode and Henry D. Foster are the parties,
"Each of the claimants shall serve upon the other
notice of the grounds on which he claims the seat
before June 1,1869, and an answer to the notice of his
opponent before June 20, 1869.
Said Covode shall take his testimony between
the 1st and 15th days, inclusive, of July, August, and
September, 1869, and said Foster shall take his tes-
timony between the 16th and last days, inclusive, of
the same months.
"The statutory provisions regulating ordinary
eases of contest shall apply to this case so far as the
same are consistent with these regulations.
"All testimony shall be transmitted, under seal,
by the officers before whom the same shall be taken
to the Clerk of the House, at Washington, go as to
bereceived by said Clerk before the 15th day of Octo-
ber, 1869, before which day the notices, answers,
evidence, and exhibits in the case shall be filed with
said Clerk; and the clerk of the Committee of Elec-
tionsshali immediately thereafter arrange the papers
for the Public Printer, and cause the same to be
printed before the 1st day of November, 1869.
"The printed arguments of the claimants shall be
filed with the Committee of Elections on the first
day of the next session of Congress."
"Therefore resolved. That the foregoing regulations
of the Committee of Elections for conducting the
contest and taking the testimony in the contested-
election case from the twenty-first congressional
district of Pennsylvania be, and the same hereby
are, adopted by this House.
'Attest:
"edw. Mcpherson, cierk."
In pursuance of these regulations each party
served the other with notice of the grounds
upon which he claimed the seat, and also each
served tin answer denying the statements con-
tained in the notice of the other. In these
notices each charged that many illegal and
fraudulent votes had been cast and counted for
the other, and each also charged that in whole
townships the election was so affected by irreg-
ularity or fraud as to vitiate the whole return
from these townships, and to require that all
the votes cast therein at that election should
 e rejected.
The certificates of the return judges of the
three counties of Fayette, Westmoreland, and
Indiana, which compose this district, are ac-
cepted by both parties as correctly stating the
Jesuit of the count of votes at the several vot-
®8 precincts of the distriot, and these show
13,807 votes cast for Henry D. Foster and
13,766 for John Covode, showing a majority
for the former of 41 votes. This result fur-
nishes us a starting-point for our consideration
of the case.
Mr. Foster, on his part, offered affirmative
evidence to show that the votes of 6 persons
claimed to be duly qualified voters were offered
for him and were improperly rejected; and
also that the votes of 91 persons received and
counted for John Covode were illegally and (
improperly received, and should be deducted ,
from the vote returned as cast for him. A
careful examination of this evidence has sat-
isfied the committee that 3 of the votes first
mentioned as offered for Mr. Foster were im-
properly rejected, and should be counted for
him; and also that 20 of the votes last mentioned
were improperly received and counted to John j
Covode, ana should be deducted from the vote
returned as cast for the latter. A list of the
names of these persons, of both classes, will
be found in the report of the committee, pages
2 and 3. Making these corrections, and the
majority for Mr. Foster would be 64.
Mr. Covode, on his part, offered affirmative
evidence to show, among other things, that the
whole vote of Dunbar township and Youngs-
town district should be rejected ; that 17 legal
votes offered for him were improperly rejected ;
and that 160 illegal votes, besides the alleged
illegal assessments in Youngstown and the pau-
per votes in Hempfield and South Union town-
ships, were improperly received and counted
to Henry D. Foster.
The committee regard the evidence as estab-
lishing—
I. That 6 votes, a list of the persons offer-
ing which will be found on the last page of the
report of the committee, were offered for Mr.
Covode and improperly rejected, and should
be counted to him ;
II. That the entire vote of Dunbar township
should be rejected;
III. That the entire vote of Youngstown
district should be rejected;
IV. That 15 votes received in Hempfield
and South Union townships from paupers sent
from other towns in the county poor-houses in
their townships, and cast for Mr. Foster, Bhould
be rejected; and
V. That the illegality of 77 other votes of
the 160 votes above mentioned was established
by the evidence, and that they also should be
deducted from the vote for Mr. Foster.
1. The correctness of the first conclusion
of the committee, that 6 legal votes offered
for Mr. Covode were improperly rejected and
should be counted for him, is conceded by the
minority of the committee. Their allowance
would reduce Mr. Foster's majority, as before
stated, to 58.
2. The second and third conclusions of the
committee involve a consideration of the doc-
trine that, for sufficient cause shown, the entire
vote of a township may be rejected, a doc-
trine too well established to need any lengthy
argument at the present time.
It is true that mere irregularities or failures
to comply with directory provisions of the law
will not annul an election. As was well said
in the report of the committee in the case
of Flanders vs. Hahn, (Bartlett's Contested-
Election Cases, 443:)
" The principal and only aim of the lawis to secure
fair elections, and the non-observance of directory
provisions cannot annul an election carried on with
all the essentials of an election and with perfect
fairness."
The irregularities which may be so over-
looked in such a case are well described by
Judge Willard in giving the opinion of the
court of appeals of the State of New York in
the carefully considered case of The People
vs. Cook, (4 Selden, 93,) when he says :
" It is probably impracticable to prescribe a rule
which will enable us to determine in all cases what
irregularities of the inspectors will vitiate an eleo-
tion. It may be safely affirmed that if the irregular-
ity does not deprive a legal voter of his right or
admit a disqualified voter to vote, if it casts no un-
certainty on the result and has not been occasioned
by the agency of a party seeking to derive a benefit
from it, it may be overlooked in an action when tho
issue is as to which candidate received the greater
number of votes for a particular office at a given
election."
The right and the duty to reject returns
vitiated by fraud or gross irregularities has
been repeatedly affirmed by the courts and
legislative committees of the State of Penn-
sylvania.
In Mann vs. Cassidy, (1 Brewster, Penn. R.,
60.,) Thompson, P. J., says:
" Where the conduct of the election officers is such
as to destroy the prima facie character which they
ought to hear as evidence, due and adequate proof
must be demanded of each vote relied on. This rulo
may operate severely upon an innocent candidate;
but nothis rights alone, Dutthoseof the whole poople
are jeoparded by falsehoods omrregularitios of a
flagrant character, when we look in vain for that good
faith and integrity, whose presence is potent to save
from undesigned slips or even grave omissions."
So the same judge says again, in Tornpson
vs. Ewing, (1 Brewster, 107,) that—
"The whole conduct of election officers may, though
actual fraud be not apparent, amount to such gro"s
and culpable negligence, such a disregard of their
official duties, as to render theirwhole doings unin-
telligible or unworthy of credence, and tho result* of
their action entirely unreliable for any purpose."
Judge Brewster, in giving in October, 1869,
the opinion of the court in the contested-elec-
tion cases growing out of the election in Phila-
delphia in 1868, after a review of cases pre-
viously decided, on this point says:
"From this review of the decisions of our prede-
cessors and ourselves, there would seem to Joe a
unanimous conclusion that wherever a division
return has been attaohed and the result cannot be
ascertained the poll is to be rejected; and this
whether the disturbing cause be fraud, or gross or
culpable negligence, or even mistake."
But it is not necessary to multiply examples.
Repeatedly by the decisions of this House
(Bartlett's Contested-Election Cases, pages
275, 308, 520, Waskburn vs. Voorhees, Moffitt
vs. Myers) this decision has been affirmed.
I am informed by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] who
sits beside me that the decision which I have
just read is now under review by the supreme
court of that State; but as it has not been
reversed it stands in my view as the law of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. WOODWARD, The decision which
the gentleman has just cited was given by
the court of common pleas of Philadelphia
county. Upon that judgment a certiorari has
been issued. The case has been brought be-
fore the supreme court of Pennsylvania, and
is now pending and yet undecided.
Mr. RANDALL. The court of common
pleas of Philadelphia county has decided these
questions every way, according to the end they
tooTVfo/i tyv raonn
Mr. CHURCHILL. What are the facts in
the case of the election at Dunbar? The
majority of the board were Democratic. In
the absence of the ballot-boxes, which the laws
of Pennsylvania required to be used, the poll
was opened an hour before the time to which
the law permitted it to remain closed, a hat
and cigqr-box being used instead. These con-
tinued to be used until about eleven o'clock,
daring which time about 150 votes were polled,
when the ballot-boxes were brought and the
votes already cast transferred to them from the
hat and cigar-box. Such transfer, as well as
the use of the hat and cigar-box, was contrary
to the law of Pennsylvania, which requires
that the vote, when deposited, shall remain m
the box until the poll be closed. But the vio-
lation of these directory requirements of the
statute would not vitiate the election if the
evidence showed such care taken as would
guard against improper interference with the
votes and against injury from such violation.
But the evidence in this case shows no such
care, but the contrary. The hat and cigar-
box were open and placed near the window,
and quite accessible from within and without.
Votes other than those which had been voted
