1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2059
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know he is to hold four
years; but he is to be elected when the mem-
bers of Congress are elected. That is the
point I make on this section, that they are to
be elected at the same time ; and therefore it
follows, as it seems to me, that the members
of the General Assembly cannot retain office
for ten years or any longer period. If they
are to be elected when members of Congress
are to be elected, they cannot provide that the
next election for members of the Legislature
shall transpire in 1880, without any reference
to this seetion of the constitution, which re-
quires their election to take place at the same
time with members of Congress, who are
elected, as every one knows, once in two years.
Paragraph two of section one also has a bear-
ing upon this subject:
"The members of the senate shall be elected for
four years, exccpt that the members elected at the
first election from the twenty-two senatorial districts
numbered in this constitution with odd numbers shall
only hold their office for two years."
It will be observed that this paragraph relates
expressly to the first election which takes place
under the conatitution, and it provides that the
members of the senate elected at that time
shall hold their office one half for four years
and one half for two years from that particular
time, and that is the time specified in tha con-
stitution.
"The members of the senate shall be elected for
four years, except that tho members elected at the
first election from the twenty-two senatorial districts
numbered in this constitution with odd numbers shall
only hold their office for two years."
Now, I ask if those senators representing the
odd numbers in that schedule can hold their
office any longer than two years from the time
of the first election under this constitution?
There is no qualification or limitation upon
tho declaration at all, but it is a positive pro-
vision that their terms of office shall expire at
the end of two years from the first election
under this constitution, and that the terms of
the other half of the senators shall expire at
the end of four years from that particular date.
Then it proceeds to say:
"The election for members of the General Assem-
blvsball begin on the Tuesday after the first Monday
in November every sccond year, except tho first
election, which shall be within sixty days alter the
adjournment of this convention. _ But tho General
Assembly may by law change tho time of the election,
and the members shall hold until their successors
are elected and qualified."
Provision is expressly made there for the
first election under this constitution ; the time
is fixed when that election shall occur; and
these persons are to hold with reference to that
election, and not with reference to any future
time or any future event in the history of that
State.
Reference is made to the ordinance in order
to show that the present Legislative Assembly
of that State may fix the next ©lection at any
time in the future without any limitation or
restriction by the terms of the constitution. If
1 can read that ordinance, it overthrows the
position taken by those who contend for this
extraordinary construction of the constitution.
It provides that—
"The regulations established by Congress for vot-
ing upon the ratification of tho constitution and for
voting at elections under tho provisional government
shall apply to the eleotion of officers as aforesaid;
and the persons so elected or appointed shall enter
upon the duties of the spocial offices to which they
have been respectively elected when authorized so to
do by acts of Congress or by order of the general com-
manding, and shall continue in officeunt.il the regu-
lar succession provided for under the act of 1868, and
until successors are elected and qualified."
Then it goes on:
" So that said officers shall each of them hold their
offices as though they were elected on tho Tuesday
after the first Monday in November. 1868, or elected
or appointed ,by tho General Assembly next there-
after."
Now, sir, there is an express provision that
these persons shall continue in office as though
they were elected under that constitution on j
the Tuesday after the first Monday in Novem- '
ber, 1868. " So that the time fixed by that ordi-
nance when their terms of officeshallcommencp i
is not the time when the State is recognized by
Congress; but the time is fixed as the Tuesday
after the first Monday in November, 1808.
From that time their offices commence to run.
Mr. HOWAHD. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will refer
to the last section in the eleventh article of the
constitution he will see that that ordinance
from which he has read is subject to the action
of the Legislative Assembly. The- twelfth
division of the eleventh article of the constitu-
tion declares that—
" The ordinances of this convention on tho subject
of the first election and tho firstSoneral Assembly
shall have the force of law until they expire by their
own limitations, and all other ordinances of a merely
legislative character shall have the force of law until
otherwise provided by the General Assembly."
Referring the whole thing to the General
Assembly. The Senator will allow me to say
further, that iu the construction which I gave
to the clause in the constitution relating to
holding over, so to speak, I put it upon the
precise ground that there could be no holding
over without a legislative act, thus throwing
the whole responsibility upon the Legislature
itself.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I aoi aware that the
Senator claimed that these terms could not
continue longer than the provisions of the
constitution allowed them to continue without
an act of legislation; but the question before
the Senate is as to whether or not the Legis-
lative Assembly of the State of Georgia has
power at this time to provide that the next
election for members of the General Assem-
bly shall be in 1880 or 1900; or whether the
constitution does not require an election, so
that the terms of the members of the house
shall expire at the end of every two years, and
the terms of the senators, one half to expire at
the end of two years and the other half at the
end of four years. That is the question ; and
[ affirm that the construction of the constitu-
tion, I will not say the inevitable construction,
but the fair and reasonable construction of the
constitution, is that while the precise day on
which the election may be held is within the
discretion of the Legislature, still thai discre-
tion is subject to those other provisions of the
constitution which fix the terms of office; and it
was not intended that the Legislative Assembly
might perpetuate their offices to an indefinite
time because they were allowed to fix the day
on which the election should occur. The con-
stitution provides that the election shall be held
on the Tuesday after the first Monday in No-
vember, if some other day is not fixed by the
Legislature; but that does not in any way
modify or qualify those other provisions of tho
constitution which declare as to the terms of
office, for they are independent provisions, and
it seems to me there is hardly room for doubt
that they are intended to fix terms of office for
members of tho. Legislature and for the Stale
officers.
Nov/, sir, we are arguing as I understand,
as to what the purposes and intents of the men
who made this constitution were upon this sub-
ject. It is a question of construction, and I
refer to this ordinance to show that it was ex-
pressly determined by the men who made this
constitution at the time it was made, giving
their own construction of its provisions in an
ordinance, that the terms of office should com-
mence as though the election occurred 111 l'SG8.
That is their own construction of this consti-
tution. Now, it is claimed that the construc-
tion put upon this constitution by the men who
made it is to be lepudiated, and it is to be
assumed that there is no limitation whatever
upon the power of the Legislature.
I should not have esteemed it necessary to
say anything on this subject if it had not been
claimed expressly by the Senator from Michi-
gan that there was no limitation in this respect
upon the Legislative Assembly of the State of
Georgia. I should regret very much to see the
Senate of the United States affirm that con-
struction of this constitution, for while ifc may
now giveto those in power a temporary advan-
tage the time may come when those whom we
regard as the enemies of the peace and good
order of the South may obtain the ascendency
in-the Legislative Assembly of that State, and
then they might cite the decision of the Senate
to show that from year to year, for an indefinite
period, they could maintaia their supremacy,
and we should be estopped by this decision from
controverting their right.
I do not care to enter into the discussion of
the other questions connected with this bill.
What I intended or desired to do was simply
to say that whatever the vote of the Senate
may be upon the proposed amendment, I wish
to ha,ve it distinctly understood that I do not
acquiesce in any such construction as the Sen-
ator from Michigan puts upon the constitution
of Georgia.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think there would
be any difficulty in finding a way to do it if we
were agreed exactly as to what ought to be done.
Now, so far as any construction of this constitu-
tion is concerned, one construction I think is
quite clear, that Georgia has expressly granted
to the Congress of the United States the power
to regulate this matter aright. The convention
anticipated that there would be uncertainty.
There was uncertainty. The act of June 25,
1868, hadnotpassed, and further legislation was
necessary before the State could be readmitted
under the reconstruction acts of 1867. Now,
I call the attention of the Senate to section
eleven of article eleven of this constitution:
" Should this constitution be ratified by the people,
and Congress accept the same with any Qualification
or condition, the government herein provided for
and tho officers elected shall nevertheless exist and
continue in tho exercise of their several functions as
tho government of this State, so far as tho same shall
be consistent with the action of tho United States in
the premises."
1 think it would be well if the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] or something of that nature,
could be adopted by Congress. That would
render the duration of the present Legislature
certain, and would impose a condition that
would forever put at.rest any construction of
the constitution of Georgia which might lead
to a perpetual Legislature. It would cover the
case suggested by the Senator from Oregon
just now, that a rebel Legislature might, come
in and perpetuate themselves in power. Both
these things could be provided for, and the
Legislature already elected could have a term
of two years, notwithstanding the violence of
the rebels which has kept them, from having
a legal organization for the last year and a
half.
The uncertainty as to the time when the
State would be admitted was attempted to be
guarded against by this eleventh section of tho
eleventh article, and I do not think we should
be stretching the power of conditions beyond
where we have been going all the time if we
were to say upon this doubtful point they m:t\
have their two years, but the constitution shall
not be construed to prevent the regular elec-
tions thereafter.
It seems to me that all might agree upon this
if we were only agreed as to what ought to bo
done. I find that our constitutional views
are somewhat modified by our constitutional
wishes. [Laughter.] I find the Senator from
Illinois, who has from the beginning been
opposed to all conditions, reporting back a
whole batch of conditions and contending for
tho condition contained in the Bingham amend-
ment, which declares when the State shall have
an election. If you may undertake to legislate
as to when the election shall take place, you
may fix the time according to reason, justice,
and common sense, and fix it at that time that
will give a loyal Legislature an opportunity to
organize and protect the loyal people, i ' '■
lost mv faith in this logic of conditions, or my
faith in the logic of tho gentlemen who arg.u;
