18T0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3947
• Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This does not
seem to be a deficiency for the present year,
if I understand aright.
Mr. STEWART. It was omitted from the
other deficiency bill. We appropriated part of
the amount, the $300, leaving out the $3,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That may bo
remedied by the House in a bill which is now
before the House. It is not a deficiency. It
is because an insufficient appropriation was
made in the legislative bill. The correction
should be made in that bill, and not by way of
a deficiency bill. This is not in the nature of
a deficiency.
Mr. STEWART. I will withdraw it if it
can be put in any other bill. I simply want to
get it in somewhere.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will go in the
legislative appropriation bill.
I he PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
it was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed, and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed. Its
title was amended by adding the words "and
for other purposes."
orbell op business.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 86.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We were considering
when we went into executive session this morn-
ing the bill rearranging the judicial circuits.
Mr. FERRY. -iWiat is the regular order?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed that would be
the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order, the Chair understands, is the Calendar
of general orders.
Mr. FERRY. I insist on the regular order.
Mr. STEWART. If it is necessary to do
so, I move to postpone all prior orders, and
that the Senate%roceed to the consideration
of House joint resolution No. 86. 1 want to
get that disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appeal to the Senator
from Nevada not to do that. We were nearly
through the judicial circuit bill, and if we are
ever going to pass it we ought to dispose of
it now, and have the question settled. If it
is not to be done let us know it. I have no
more interest in the bill than the Senator from
Nevada has. He knows all about it. We dis-
cussed it this morning; and I think we could
have got a vote upon it then in fifteen minutes
more if we had gone on with it.
Mr. STEWART. I think we can get a vote
on this resolution in fifteen minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us get through with
the judicial circuit bill first.
Mr. STEWART. I must ask the Senate to
consider this resolution now. I have occupied
a great deal of time in trying to get it up, and
if it is taken up, I think it can be disposed of
in a very few minutes. I beg of my friend from
Illinois to allow me to take it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
go on with the bill we had under consideration
this morning.
Mr. STEWART. I move to pass over all
prior orders for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of House joint resolution No. 86.
Mr. FERRY. I suppose a motion to post-
pone all prior orders is a debatable motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The motion to pass over
is not.
Mr. FERRY. I do not understand the Sen-
ator from Nevada to make that motion.
Mr. STEWART. I move to pass over the
pending order, so as to get at the resolution to
which 1 refer.
Mr FERRY. What is the pending order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
bill on the Calendar of general orders, which
will be read. _ x
The Chief Clerk. "Abill (b. jno. i7) for
the preservation of the harbors and navigable
rivers of the United States against encroach-
ments."
Mr. TRUMBULL._ Now I move to pass
that over, and my object is, when it is passed
over, to go on with the judicial circuit bill,
which is already half finished. Let us finish
one thing at a time.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will find the
same difficulty when we reach the next bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall move to pass
that, over until we come to the bill which I
desire to take up.
Mr. FERRY.- I will inquire if the Secretary
was correct in the bill which he read? Does
not the business first on the general orders
come up first?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary was in error. The first business on the
general orders is the bill (S. No. 273) for the
relief of Rollin White? returned by the Presi-
dent to the Senate, with his objections, Janu-
ary 11, 1870.
Mr. FERRY. That I understand to bo the
regular order, and it seems to me that the Sen-
ate ought to dispose of that bill and veto mes-
sage. The Senate is aware that from time to
time that bill has come before the Senate in
the morning hour, and after some little debate,
it bas had to be laid aside by the expiration
of the morning hour.
Mr. STEWART. I move that we pass over
that order, with a view to reach House joint
resolution No. 80.
Mr. FERRY. I hope it will not be passed
over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Question! The motion
is not debatable.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 18, noes 22.
kollin white vht0 mussauh.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 273) forthe relief of Rollin White is before
the Senate. The question is on the passage of
the bill, and this question must be taken by
yeas and nays.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the passage of the bill, the objections of
the President to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Carpenter] had this bill originally in
charge. I see he is not present this evening.
I submit to my friend from Connecticut whether,
under the circumstances, he ought to press the
consideration of the bill to-night.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator from Wisconsin
on a very recent occasion, when this bill was
likely to be reached, spoke to me of the fact
of his being then about to bo absent from town,
and stated that in his then absence he had
paired with somebody.
Mr. CRAGIN. Paired with the Senator
from Connecticut.
Mr. FERRY. I think I declined to pair,
because I was interested in the bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. He informed me that he
and I would_pair with you.
Mr. FERuY. Then upon the return of the
Senator from Wisconsin, the bill has been sev-
eral times mentioned between him and myself
as a bill necessarily to come up in its regular
order upon one of these evening sessions. The
Senator from Wisconsin rode in the ears with
me this afternoon at the beginning of the re-
cess, and it was as well understood by him as
it was by me that this bill w.ould come up in
the regular order at the present time. He hap
not indicated to any one, that I am aware ot,
that he has any particular feeling with regard
to this bill; and when the bill was up before
he made the statement to the Senate, which is
ordinarily made by the person who originally
had the bill in charge. The bill is not now in
his charge. It was a year and a half ago when
it was first reported to the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I sub-
mit that the President of the United States did
not veto this bill. I feel no interest in it my-
self. It passed Congress and was sent to the
President; and the paper that he sent here,
I submit—and I should like to have the judg-
ment of the Senate upon it if we can get it—was
not a veto. The Constitution says the Presi-
dent shall return the bill to the body in which
it originated with his reasons, and that those
reasons shall be spread upon the record. Now,
what lias the President sent to us ? He sim-
ply addressed a communication to the Senate
stating that he returned the bill without his sig-
nature, for reasons set forth in a paper signed
by General Dyer. I submit that that is not a
veto within the meaning of the Constitution.
He might as well have said, "for reasons set
forth in the New York Tribune," or the New
York Herald, or any other paper of a certain
date, ho returned the bill. Suppose he had
sent the Herald or the Tribune of that date,
would the Herald or the Tribune have been
spread upon the record? I submit to the Son-
ate that the President has not vetoed the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say but one word
on this subject. The object of the bill upon
which we are about to vote is, as I understand
it, to allow the patentee, Mr. White, an oppor-
tunity to make another application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for a renewal of his patent.
The bill itself docs not renew the patent, but
gives to the patenteesimply the right of mak-
ing another application for a renewal to the
proper officer, who is the Commissioner of
Patents; and this ought to be understood by
the Senate. The patentee alleges that for some
reason or other he was not able, within the
time prescribed by tho statutes, to proceed be-
fore the Commissioner of Patents to obtain a
renewal of his patent; and he appeals to Con-
gress simply to grant him an opportunity of a
now trial; in short, to give him the inestimable
privilege, as he seems to consider it, of having
another lawsuit; and for one, if a party puts
himself in that predicament and thinks he is
to gain by having a lawsuit! am entirely willing
to gratify him. I shall therefore vote for the bill.
Mr. FERRY. The remarks of the Senator
from Michigan make it necessary for me to
state, with the utmost brevity that I can com-
mand, the true character of the question now
pending before the Senate.
Nearly a year and a half ago, in the closing
hours of the spring session of the Senate in
1809, a petition was presented to Congress, a
copy of which I hold in my hand, in behalf of
Mr. White, asking Congress therein to grant
him a new trial before the Commissioner of
Patents, in an application which he had made
before the Commissioner, which had been tried
there with evidence and counsel, and which had
by the Commissioner been decided against him.
Upon this petition a bi# was reported, which
was not printed in either House of Congress,
and went through, as well as we all kno'w such
measures do go through, during the closing
hours of the session. It involved large inter-
ests to the Government as well as very large
private interests. It failed to receive the sig-
nature of the Vice President at that session,
as on its return from the House of Represent-
atives with the signature of the Speaker of the
House, tho messenger, before he reached the
door of the Senate, found the Senate adjourned.
It consequently lay over during the long recess ;
and during that recess parties largely inter-
ested in the subject-matter of the biil in tho
States of Connecticut, New \ork, Pennsyl-
vania, and Massachusetts,learned that, such au
application was pending. They came here at
the commencement of the present session for
the purpose of ascertaining whether a hearing
could be had upon the merits of fclie bill before
Congress or before any committee of Congress,
they never having had an opportunity to have
such a hearing. This they found it impossible
to do. At the beginning of this session tho
enrolled bill was signed by the Vice President,
and went to the President. Ihe clnet ot
ordnance brought to the knowledge of the
