3004
THE COK(xRESSIOJiTAL GLOBE.
April 26,
with amazement in looking at the actual posi-
tion of things here. Look at it for a momci.t.
In the first place, the Committee of Ways and
Means come in -with a bill after six months'
or a year's labor on it and announce to the
House and the country that it is a bill reducing
the tariff duties upon the articles contained or
named in it, and call on the House and the
people to support it on the ground that it does
so reduce the tariff rates below what they are
under the present law, and thereby lighten the
burdens of the people.
Now, look at the strange anomaly. Every
free-trade man and. nearly every man who is
not in favor of a high protective tariff, or who
is not himself interested iu manufactures, or
whose constituents are not a manufacturing
people, we find opposing the bill, while those
who are interested in manufactures, or whose
constituents are, seem to be dreadfully anxious
to pass the bill as it came from the com-
mittee. And yet this last class insist that
it is a great reduction of the tariff and will
lighten the burdens of the, consumers. It is
true, Mr. Chairman, there ate some reductions,
some articles also are placed upon the free list;
yet, sir, my conclusion is that while there are
these reductions and these free lists enlarged,
yet, as a whole, thia bill affords more protec-
tion than the present law and will more heavily
burden the consumers of the country. I can-
not in justice to my pfeople sit still and allow
one advantage after another'to be taken of the
great mass of the population of the country.
The people whom I have the honor to repre-
sent are agricultural people, and are consumers
of the articles which get this protection. They
believe and I believe the tariff is too higfy now
on very many of the articles of consumption
and use in this country.
And, Mr. Chairman, I desire to say that I
am no free-trade man. I believe it is an ab-
surdity to talk about absolute free trade in the
present condition of the country, or indeed
under any circumstances. I am for a tariff.
We are compelled to have a tariff for revenue
or inaugurate a system of taxation which the
people would not stand, and so far as I am
concerned I have no desire to put out the fires
in the iron-furnace or foundery, or to close the
doors of the factory, or hinder the proper devel-
opment of the great natural resources of our
country in any valuable department of industry.
I believe a nation should always be in a con-
dition of self-dependence and ready to pro-
tect itself by a reliance uppn its own resources
if all the world should turn against it. No
nation is wise that takes a course calculated to
smother its own development in all that makes
a nation great. The encouraging hand of the
Government should be given when necessary
to protect American industry and American
labor against the pauper labor of other nations.
But, sir, under this beguiling pretext of home
protection of work and labor and American
industry we should not be led into extravagant
legislation in favor of one class of people and
against the rest. The greedy manufacturer who
has grown rich under a high tariff and great
demand for his goods during the war must
not be allowed to take possession of the legis-
lation of this country at the expense of the
struggling millions who are never seen lobby-
ing about these Halls.
Now, Mr. Chairman, take the question of
pig iron and railroad iron. The present duty
on pig iron, as has been said here a thousand
times, is $9 per ton, and upon iron bars for
railway purposes 70 cents per 100 pounds.
The Committee of Ways and Means have pro-
posed to reduce the duty on pig iron to $7 per
ton ; the Committee of the Whole have reduced
it to $5. In this bill they say nothing about
railroad iron, leaving the duty on that as at
present. So far as the reduction on pig iron
goes, it is very well; but while in this article
there is a little reduction proposed, yet taking
the whole list of iron in its different shapes
together there is an actual increase of tariff
protection. If this is ao, and there seems no
doubt of it, it is certainly unreasonable and
should not be allowed by the House. Pig
iron is the raw material out of which the vari-
ous manufactures of iron are madeand it is
the iron manufactured into its various forms
j for use that the people are interested in, and
i a reduction of the duty on pig iron gives no
j certain assurance that the shovel arid wagon-
tire and horseshoe or any other article of the
kind which the farmer use3 will come to him
, any cheaper.
If the manufacturer works up the pig iron
, and puts the price of hisarticle down, as he may
on account of tfye reduced tariff on pig iron, j
the consumer would get the benefit of it to that
extent; but that is not likely to occur. If the
duty on pig iron be fijied at $5 or $6 a ton I ;
should believe that so far as that item is con-
cerned it would be about fair",, and then if the
tariff on railroad iron and all the other articles
of iron were reduced iu the same ratio there !
would still, in my judgment, be sufficient pro- i
tection, and the consumer would feel that at j
least a show of justice was meted out to him.
Let us look at the history of the external
protection and internal taxation of pig iron and
railroad iron for a moment. I do not desire
to go back very far, no further thanthe begin-
ning of the late war. What is the fact? By
the law of 1861 the tariff on pig iron'was $G
per ton, and upon bar iron for railway pur-
poses $12 per ton. Up to this time and for a
little while after there arose no. necessity for
any special internal taxation.. Six dplla£s per
ton was thought to be a fair protection then,
and $12 for railroad iron. In 1862.protection j;
to railroad iron was increased $>1 50 per touf j
making it $13. 50 tariff protection to that arti-
cle. in 1864 another law was passed in which J
the duty on pig iron was increased to $9 per
ton, and the duty on railroad iron to 60 cents
per 100 pounds, largely increasing the duty on j
each article. A law was then passed providing
for internal taxation, in which a tax of $2 per |
ton was placed upon pig iron and $3 on rail- j
road iron. Th£ iron men called for more pro- i
tection on the ground that they could not. stand
an internal tax such as Congress imposed upon
them and live in competition with importers |
who were bringing the same material into the
country. Upon the assumption that they had
only reasonable protection before the internal
tax was placed upon them their appeal was
just, and Congress gave them the increased
protection from $6 to $.9, and a corresponding
increase on railroad iron.
During the progress of the war, and for
some little, time afterward, we taxed every-
thing. All manufactures, everything that was
bought and sold, was taxed to raise money to
save the country, and finally, to pay the' sol-
diers and get the country fairly on its feet. The
people were content; they did not complain ;
they were willing to give up all if heed, Uo for :
the one great object. When a, high,tariff was '
needed they said, "Put it on,'' When income I
tax, stamp tax, direct tax, any sort of a tax*
no matter what, was demanded, ;they said, :
'' Levy it, and we will pay it and s^ve the life of
the nation." But all that has gone by. The j
nation has been saved, and what has been
done since? Let us see. Just so soon as the !
emergency passed by and we could,afford to do i
so, we began to get rid of.internal,taxation; i1
and we have been, modifying the internal tax j;
laws and reducing internal taxation step, by I
step. What have we done? By, the act of j
July 13, 1866, we reduced internal taxation
$05,000,000. By the act of March 2, .186.7, it j
was reduced $40,000,000. By the act of Feb- |
ruary 8, 1868, internal taxation was reduced
$23,000,000. By tl^e acts of March S,. 1868, i.
and July 20, 1868, it tvas reduced the sum of j;
$45,000,000. By the act of, March, 31,1868, !
we repealed the section#, of tlie law of June 30, j
1864, which imposed an internal tax of $2 a ii
ton on pig iron and $3 on railroad iron, as well
as on a great variety of other manufactures;
and since then there has been no direct inter-
nal tax imposed on those articles. They have
been relieved^ and yet the high duty imposed
as a protection, which was only demanded
because of the internal taxation, remains; and
when we talk of reducing we are answered by
the charge that wc are in the interest of for-
eign labor, the importers, and generally want
to destroy our home industry and ruin the
country.
Now, sir, I protest against such a course.
And. sir, I think it would be as well for these
gentlemen, representing constituencies inter-
ested in these manufactures, to gracefully sub-
mit to a reasonable reduction before the great
body of the people rise up in their might and
compel, a proper, if not an extravagant, change
to the opposite extreme. The attention of the
people is now directed to this subject, and they
will understand it, and under the pressure of
hard times in the West, and in fact all the
agricultural portions of the country, they will
demand that their interests, as well as the
interests of the people of the iron regions of
Pennsylvania, be protected.
There is no feature of the tariff laws more
important to the people of Illinois than the por-
tion of the law in relation to iron. Railroad
iron especially is an important matter with us.
Nearly all the States West are to-day more
largely engaged in building railroads than ever
before. Take my district. There is to-duy a
new railroad or two being built in every county
in it. There are at least two hundred miles of
railroad being built in the district I represent
to-day. It requires millions of dollars to pur-
chase the iron to carry out such enterprises in
which they are engaged; every county, city,
and town is being mortgaged all over, and iu
some cases more than once, to subscribe stock
to build .these roads,, .which they regard as
necessary to their present and future prosper-
ity. It is a matter of no little consequence to
thejn whether they-pay a high price or a low
one for the materials to build these roads, and
they are unwilling to fold their arms and be
silent, and allow high protection to be contin-
ued. These subscriptions to railroads are made
by counties, cities, and towns, and, the people
of the localities are taxed to pay them, and the
local taxes of our western States are becoming
enormous. And, sir, they are beginning to be
more sensitive than heretofore upon all these
questions of taxation, whether direct or by tariff
laws. They are told and we are told here that
the people engaged in manufacture,of iron in
its various forms, and dress goods and cotton
goods, and all the otfyer msuiufactures of the
country, are not making money now. It may
be so, though 14oubt whether it is half so bad
as we are told: but if it is true, it is equally
.true of all the farmers of the country, just now.
They are. not only not making money but, they
are losing money; they are poorer,to-day than
they were last yearj andmucn poorer than two
years.ago. The price of their stock has fallen;
they find thxt the price of their grain is below
what it was" before the war, and still, they are
working awsj,.hoping fpr a reduction of taxa-
tion and a better day. They are taxed in their
purchases of lumber. While the West is only
favored here and there with woodland, having
broad prairies and little timber, and the farmer
struggles to make his farmandbuildhis house,
and the complaint is a scarcity of limber, still,
to gratify and prosper a few people on the
border, near the Canada line, the farmer of
Illinois must pay tribute to somebody in the
shape of a, tax on lumber.
Mr. .Chairman, this is not ihe wtfy to build
up American industry and prosper the Amer-
ican people as a whole.
Again, there must be retained in the pres-
ent law a high protective duty on salt. The
Committee of. Ways and Means have failed to
discover, after all their labors, that the tariff
