102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Ho. of Reps.
Removal of the Capital—Mr. Johnson.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding the calumny
heaped upon the Democratic party and Dem-
ocratic members of this House, I am proud to
be the associate of such men. They have
cheerfully stood with the minority to battle for
principles founded upon truth, justice, and tho
Constitution. They are men of integrity, men
who may be relied upon. No one of these
have distorted their record by holding office
under confederate authority. Such is not the
case with the Republican side of this House.
Two of the Representatives from Tennessee,
[Messrs. Stokes and Butlek,] whom the gen-
tleman from California included in his list of
Union soldiers, stand charged with having
aided treason and rebellion. One of them
stood condemned before the Fortieth Con-
gress, and by that body was relieved from
taking the test-oath in order to admit him to
his seat in Congress. Also, one of the Repre-
sentatives from South Carolina, [Mr. Bowes,]
it is said, was commissioned and brevetted bv
confederate authority. Nor are the garments
of all the newly-admitted members from Vir-
ginia without a spot. One of them [Mr. Por-
ter] stood condemned before a military corn-
mission and was punished for drunkenness and
sedition, which sentence was approved by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
then commanding that district. In reference
to another Representative from Virginia, [Mr.
Booker,] the venerable member from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Poland,] himself an original Re-
publican, warned this House not to permit the
gentleman from Virginia to take the test-oath;
for in doing so he would perjure himself, he
having held office under confederate authority.
I repeat, no such history distorts the record
of any Democratic member of this House.
They are men who adhere to the'Democratic
party from principle ; they have the respect of
themselves and the country; they are here to
defend the Constitution and the liberties of
the people, and the rights of the States under
that Constitution ; they are here to defend the
people from powerful and over-reaching mo-
nopolies ; they are here to defend the Treas-
ury from reckless expenditure ; they are here
to defend their country from a system of iniqui-
tous tariffs and the baneful influences of a cor-
rupt moneyed power ; they are the aggressive
party, and will continue to be the growing party
of this country, the gentleman from California
and his party to the contrary notwithstanding.
Removal of the Capital.
SPEECH OF HQjT J. A. JOHNSON,
op california,
Ijt the House of Representatives,
February 19, 1870,
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on
the President's annual message.
Mr. JOHNSON. The question of the re-
moval of the capital is one of grave importance
in very many respects. First, it is important
as furnishing a theme for eloquent speeches,
in which gentlemen may give us a newly-writ-
ten history of the United States. For instance,
in making up that history I would, in the most
familiar manner possible, run along thus: the
Continental Congress had no rest. Philadelphia
would not do, neither would Baltimore, Lan-
caster, York, Princeton, Annapolis, Trenton,
nor New York. In 1784 a commission was
established to locate the capital on the Dela-
ware river, but the commission never met. In
this day of progress they would not only meet,
but would make a "job" out of the commission
worth millions. We are on thetide of progress
floating, floating. '
The next thing in chronological order, leav-
ing out all the battles and in no respect pre-
tending to give a history of the revolutionary
war, would be the adoption of the Constitution
in 1787. The next would be the famous reso-
lution of Thomas Scott, offered in Congress
August 27, 1789, declaring that the General
Government ought to have a fixed and perma-
nent residence. Then the resolution which
passed Congress September 7, 1789, locating
the Capital on the Susquehanna in Pennsyl-
vania. Then in reality a debate of considerable
length ought to be copied in, but this has been
done by so many gentlemen who stand with me
on this question that I shall forego the pleasure
of displaying my tremendous knowledge of the
most prominent events in our country's history
during a time that must forever make the eyes
of the world lookback upon it. After the com-
pletion of the history it is proper and right, by
a few immaterial quotations and a few vigorous
and beautifully expressed sentences, to arrive
at the conclusion that nothing is easier than to
settle tho question of constitutionality.
Then withafew "crushers" we might estab-
lish the feasibility. Then we would proceed to
settle the expense. That being done in advance
we should establish the expediency. Then I
would proceed to show where the population
now is and where it will be ten million years
hence, when none of the speeches of this ses-
sion will be read except, perhaps, this one
alone. Then I would show that mineral wealth
is good ; that it is to be found in great abun-
dance in California; that therefore California
is the only proper place for the location of the
capital. I would occasionally turn as though
amusing myself by the wayside and speak most
eloquently and feelingly of our rivers and rail-
roads and of our great agricultural resources.
In that way I would not only make my speech
instructive-a great point in a speech—but
would also make it entertaining and beautiful.
For this perfect arrangement I am indebted to
several d is tinguished gentlemen from the West,
after whom I pattern as well as follow.
But to the distinguished gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] I am indebted more than
to all the rest. In its financial aspect this is
a grave and serious question, but in other
respects it becomes still more serious. A sun
of effulgence must blaze in dazzling glory from
the unhooped heads of the oratorical heroes
who shall compel by their eloquence this cap-
ital to move with the star of empire. So much
honor cannot be divided without strife any
more than it can be appropriated by any one
of the great statesmen from the Mississippi
valley. Then let us avert such a calamity by
going beyond the borders of Illinois and into
California. Let not the home of Lincoln, who
liberated four million bondsmen, be desecrated
by political apes—after Constantine.
Remove the capital, indeed ! Where to and
wherefore, says the fogy? To the West, and
to avoid a capture by San Domingo, who may
yet in days to come be our enemy, though now
our friend. At present we are at peace with
Hayti, and have nothing to fear from the gulf.
We make the beautifully ebon population of
that prosperous and happy land the social
equals of the most elevated citizens of this
country. Certainly. When England's young
prince gives a ball do not our chief Execu-
tive and Salnave's general dance together, and
do not their serene highnesses have a Tate-a-
late on a throne, and are not all things alto-
gether lovely?
But really why stop the capital in Illinois, if
move it must, and it must? Why not take it
where it ought to have been located at first?
Why not? If one thousand miles from danger
is good is not three thousand miles from danger
better? "Yes, yes," from every quarter
should appear in brackets. In addition, how-
ever, to the matter of security for the future,
I must differ from the poet who said there is
nothing in a name. There is much in a name,
sir; yes, very much. The "tons" and "dons"
are better than other people simple in name ;
these, of course, because of their names. God
intended everything in this world should lie
appropriately named, and named everything
appropriately in the beginning; for He saw each
thing as it was and named it for all it was
worth. Every departure from His plan at-
tempted by man since He said " Let there be
light," meaning light, has met with certain
anddeserved punishment. Indeed, God named
everything by His complete knowledge of its
worth, shape, size, beauty, or deformity. Man
attempts the same system, and in his narrow-
ness of comprehension and mental vision names
his God as he sees Him by the reflection of the
mirror of his mind. For instance, if he is a
degraded creature he will typify his God by a
serpent, a fish, cat, dog, horse, bull, elephant,
or by some of the feathered tribe; as he sees
his God so he names him. Those a little fur-
ther advanced in civilization, having received
a brighter and more extended mental vision,
will see more elevated objects of worship in
the creator or creators of things, and will
select high-sounding names for their grds,
such as imply power, wisdom, beauty, and
virtue. For instance, greenbacks, the Army,
the colored brother, the colored sister. Every
people will change their ideas of things as they
advance in civilization and intelligence, and
therefore will seek new names to correspond
with their precise comprehension of the par-
ticular thing named. In fact every object in
life changes before the minds of men as they
progress, precisely as the scenery changes
along a forest path as we walk for pleasure ;
and as these changes occur we seek new modes
of expression to convey a just and accurate
idea of the impressions of our mind.
Hence we are constantly perfecting our lan-
guage by the introduction of slang words aifd
phrases, which finally become incorporated in
our lexicons, to be followed again by others,
in endless effort to reach the height of perfect
expression of thoughts and impressions. Then,
indeed, there must be much in a name. The
name selected for the child indicates the char-
acter of the parents, and the naming of do-
mestic animals will unmistakably indicate the
character of the whole family." The names
common to a people not only indicate their
character, but in a great measure act in shaping
their character. Why, sir, there is so much in
a name that in olden times the gods would make
war upon each other about the naming of a
city, or would call a great convention of the
gods and settle the trouble by arbitration.
Who does not recollect the history of the con-\
test between Posidon and Athene over the nam-
ing of Athens? This contest was settled by
an arbitration of the gods. At the appointed
day all the gods appeared and were seated on
golden thrones on the bank of Rephisas, Zeus,
the father of gods and men, acting as chief
justice, Her6, the queen, being seated by his
side. _ The great chief justice was not on this
occasion clothed in lightning, but, much like
our Chief Justice in the greenback case, was
visible to men. All the smaller gods, with
here and there a good sprinkle of silver-footed,
velvet-winged, panniered, and chignoned god-
desses, were in attendance listening to the
speeches and waiting to hear the great judg-
mentwhich should give a name to a city, which
name should fashion the character of unborn
millions after the god or goddess whose name
should be adopted.
The great Apollo sat by, a silent but not
uninterested spectator, his face beaming with
the brightness of beauty, no anger in his gleam-
ing eye ; his unerring spear, with which he
smites those who deal falsely and speak lies,
lay carelessly by his side. The history of this
trial informs us that by the side of Apollo sat
Artemis, his sister, who delighted to sport with
the nymphs on the reedy banks of Euifitas.
