4892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
have a bill now 011 my table, a conference report
on the currency bill, which at once absorbs
$45,000,000 of this surplus to pay the three
per cent, certilicates, and after that is deducted
and the interest now due is deducted, and the
amounted'gold that belongs to private individ-
uals is deducted, the large surplus in ihe Treas-
ury disappears.
Underthesecircumstancesitisthe act of pru-
dence, the act of safety, to confine onr repeal of
taxes to surplus revenue, making all our calcu-
lations on the side of safety rather than encoun-
ter any danger. 1 f Senators will look at the last
schedule of thepubliedobt, and will deduct from
the gold in the Treasury the amount of gold
belonging to private individuals and the amount
of gold interest that matures on the 1st of July,
which is some §80.000,000, and then deduct
from that the §13,000,000 of three per cent,
certificates which must be redeemed under the
currency act, they will find that the balance is
very rapidly disappearing.
This statement, 1 hope, will save me the
necessity of going through long columns of
figures, which I did the other day, and I do
not think it is necessary for me to go over
them again. My own impression is, having
fairly considered this question, that if the Sen-
ate see proper to follow the advice of the Com-
mittee on Finance they will reduce the taxes
about seventy-six million dollars. If they
repeal the duty 011 sugar, there is $11,000,000,
and the lax 011 gross receipts $6,000,000 more.
That will be beyond the amount ol surplus
revenue that can be fairly and reasonably
counted on.
Mr. SUMNER. While the Senator is on
this general subject I should like to call his
attention to one of the taxes stricken out by
the House of Representatives, being the tax on
legacies and successions. I understand that the
committee of the Senate has concurred with
the House in striking out that tax. Now, my
information is that is a tax very easy to collect
and which operates gently throughout the coun-
try, and that in the course of time all the
property of the country must necessarily pass
through that tax. According to the informa-
tion 1 possess, it is a wise tax, opeiating easily,
and I must say I much question the wisdom
ofrepealing it. It is a tax that gives, i believe,
between two and three million dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated the other day the
ground on which that tax is proposed to be
repealed. Nearly all the legacy lax is paid by
the lineal issue or the ancestor. For instance,
the entire legacy tax is $1,'230,000, and of that
$838,000 is paid by the sou Or (he father; the
succession tax amounts to about ijl,18'J,000,
and of that the lineal issue or ancestor pays
$852,000; so that three fourths of the whole
tax is paid by father or son inhciiting from each
other. To maintain this tax you must have an
assessor in eveiy county in the United States;
and when we have repealed all the taxes requir-
ing these officers, when we have no internal
taxeslefcexceptthoseon whisky, tobacco, beer,
and stamps—stamps collecting themselves, and
the taxes on whisky, tobacco, and beer being
collected only at particular localities—is it
worth while to keep up an army of officers, one
in every county in the United Slates, to collect
a tax which is mainly collected from a son who
acquires his father's property? When you
come to analyze it it is one of those small mat-
ters, like the taxes in schedule A, which it is
not worth while to preserve. Take the tax on
carnages in schedule A. 11 is no hardship on a
man to pay a tax 011 a carriage; but when you
come to hunt up the carnage and bother about
it, and pay officers to look after it, it costs more
than it comes to. We have never collected
more than one half the legacy and succession
taxes due under the law.
Mr. KELLOGG". Mr. President, I lise only
to say a word, and that is in refeience to a re-
mark which has been made by the honorable
Senator from Maine. This whole question has
been so well stated by the chairman of the
Committee 011 Finance, and he has so clearly
shown the necessity of retaining the duty on
sugar, in which, of course, my constituents are
greatly interested, and which I am anxious to
see retained, that I do not consider it neces-
sary to occupy the lime of the Senate except
with regard to the remark of the Seuawrfrom
Maine to which I have alluded.
I understood the Senator from Maine to say
that this graduated tariff' or scale of duty pro-
posed by the House bill is, so far as his observa-
tion extends, satisfactory generally to those
who are most especially interested, the sugar-
grower, the sugar-dealer, and the sugar-refiner.
1 think that is a mistake. All my advices, so
far as the people, or that portion who are sugar-
producers of the State which I have the honor
m part to represent arc concerned, are to the
effect that this reduction contemplated by the
House bill is most invidious, unjust, and dis-
criminating against the grower and producer,
and in favor of the refiner; while, 011 the other
hand, the refiners also enter their protest
against it.
But in regard to one kind of sugar, the clari-
fied sugar, the tax proposed by the House of
llepresentatives, of three and a half ceuts a
pound, is particularly hard upon our producers,
because that kind of sugar, or its substitute,
enters into the arena of competition against
the interests of our producers more particularly
than any other giade or class of sugar. Our
finer class of sugar, especially the quality of
sugar usually denominated sulphur sugar, comes
under the same grade that this class of sugar
conies; and here lot n;e say, that if this tax
proposed to bo imposed by the House bill, of
three and a half cents a pound upon clarified
sugar should become a law,- it would strike
directly at the interests of the producers of the
State of Louisiana ; and I need hardly say that
there are more than half a million of people
dependent to a greater or less extent upon the
production of sugar in that State.
The amount now received from the staple of
sugar alone, §33,000,000, is collected certainly
and directly, with the least circumlocution,
with the least embarrassment, with less expense
to the Government than 011 almost any other
staple. It costs 110 more to secure the tariff
011 sugar, as imposed by the present law, than
it would if the rates were reduced, as proposed
by the House bill, while by that bill we should
lose more than ten millions of revenue.
Sir, the other day I voted with the majority
of the Senate to abolish the income tax, 10-
gardmg it as 1 do as unjust., inquisitorial, ille-
gal, and auti-republiean. Sir, this tax being
diiect and specific, less than a dollar per capita
011 the population of the United States, bears
less hard, in my judgment, upon the consumer
than the incometax. Your income tax searches
out every clerk in the Departments, in the cus-
tom-houses, in the internal revenue service,
the bookkeeper in the importer's establish-
ment, the salaried officer, the poor man with
a fixed salary especially. Howsoever poor a
salaried officer may be your income tax makes
no account of his expenditures, it makes 110
account of what is left to him at the end oflhe
year, but he is compelled to pay his income
tax, not at the end of the year, but at the end
of each month, and it is deducted, if he be a
Government officer,from his monthly pay-roll.
Did not your income tax draw from a clerk
with SI,200 or 51,-100 salary more than this
whole tax upon sugar, many times told ? By
being allowed to stand as it now is, it will be less
than one dollar per capita 011 each of the people
of the United States, but amounting 111 the
aggregate to $33,000,000 of direct taxes, going
into the Treasury to sustain the revenue and
make up that amount which is absolutely neces-
sary for revenue purposes according to the
statement made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee 011 Finance, and I think he lias demon-
strated that this .necessity exists beyond all
question.
Sir, I insist that the interests of the laboring
man of the South., ,so far as the production of
sugar is concerned, demand that this tax should
be retained. The interests of the revenue de-
mand that it should, be retained. The chair-
man of the Committee on Finance has shown
that it cannot be dispensed with. _ Finally, it
is not onerous as the income tax is; it is not
inquisitorial; but, in comparison with the other
taxes that are imposed by the Government,
like the tax upon nickel and iron, and the tax
upon various other articles, it is very much
more just and veiy much more equitable.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, in regard
to this matter of considering the question of
the duties on imports, our tariff system, at the
present session, I have a few words to say
which arc as applicable to this matter of the
sugar duties as 011 any other.
The Senate are aware that this subject was
held under consideration by the House Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and that after
nearly the entire session had elapsed and we
were brought to a termination almost of our
labors, their work was entirely thrown aside ;
and suddenly, upon a measure relating entirely
to a reduction of the onerous taxation upon
our people in the way of excise duties, there
was ingrafted this patchwork of a system of
tariff duties. There is one proposition that I
think will be assented to by all who hear me,
and that is, that in dealing with a question so
broad as the rate of duties upon imports, a com-
prehensive view of the situation is demanded
for anything like justice or anything like a
statesmanlike result. How are wo asked at
this time to consider this question of duties
upon imports? Why, sir, not as a whole, not
as a general system, not in a comprehensive
glance at the interests of our entire country
with all our demands and with all our produc-
tions ; but we aro called upon to consider it in
a mere fragmentary state, as a mere patch-
work upon this bill, in which necessarily you
will be prevented from doing justice, because
you will exclude from your consideration nine-
teen twentieths of the interests which you
ought to consider at the time you attempt to
tax the rest.
Iain notonlystronglyiu favot of areduction
of taxes, but I am an equally positive believer
that in the amount of taxes now raised there
can be far more comfort and justice to the
country by having them readjusted in different
forms and to fall with different weights than
they now do. But can this be done now? Is
this a proper time, or is the Senate a proper
body to take up this question and consider it,
us I say, only in this patched and fragmentary
condition? Why, sir, what was the result? That
after the House of Representatives had con-
fessedly admitted, after five months of labor,
their inability to grapple with this question
and to accommodate these vast interests of
the country in anything like a just relation to
each other, they gave the question over, until
suddenly a mere leaf is taken out of your
tariff-book and transported into your rate of
excise duties. What was the result? It was
done so quickly as to save the committee of the
other House from the visitations of parties in
interest, and they got through their work so
quickly that the mouths of men were closed,
and no opportunity was given them for the
purpose of defending duties as they stood or
of changing the new rates proposed : but they
came before the Committee 011 Finance of this
body, and I will Simply say this: that of all
exhibitions of human selfishness, of all short-
sighted human selfishness that I have ever
known in my life, that which I have witnessed
m the past four weeks has exceeded all. What
has it been ? A more scramble for different
interests rushing down here in the closing
weeks of a session, each man anxious and
willing to thrust his portion of public burden
from Ins own shoulders, and pointing out the
convenient back of some neighbor on whom it
nngut rest.
It was not the dictate of justice; it was not
