1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
much belter condition of things in Georgia by
next fall, bat I believe that if this Legislature
and the State officers have the regular term,
of which they have been deprived by the Ku-
klux Klan, by this conspiracy, by their recep-
tion of rebels who could not tie the oath under
the fourteenth amendment, and by the expul-
sion of negroes, and by various other devices
by which the rebels have been kept in power—
I say I believe that if the time that has been
spent in this way could be used by a loyal Legis-
lature they would have a fair chance of organ-
izing things properly, and particularly after
the legislation we may have under the fifteenth
amendment. Give us the legislation of Con-
gress under the fifteenth amendment, and we
can protect the colored men in the ballot by
all the force of the Government. Let us have
that, and have this State government in oper-
ation two years, and I believe at the end of
that time they would have a chance to have a
fair election. If they would not then, I do not
see how we can very well reconstruct Georgia
in this generation; but to say that six months
are enough to reorganize the State of Georgia,
and let the colored people know that they have
rights which will be protected, and-that six
months are jast as good for that purpose as thirty
months, is not very reasonable.
Mr. HOWE. X maybe unreasonable, but
my idea is—and I wish the Senator to get the
benefit of it—that a Government which cannot
control the State the next week after we give
it power it is not worth while to try to keep
in power, and the sooner we get rid of it the
better. I wish to ask if there is a Kuklux
Klan in Georgia that can restrain and prevent
the people from electing a loyal Legislature
will they not prevent a loyal Legislature from
passing good laws? If they are stronger than
the people will they not be stronger than the
Legislature ?
Mr. STEWART. They were stronger than
the Legislature, and Congress stepped in and
passed an act to reorganize the Legislature.
They not only overpowered the Legislature,
but they overpowered the people. They had
things their own way. Then we passed a law
under which the Legislature has been reor-
ganizing and has now a majority of loyal men.
I go further, and say here to day, that Geor-
gia could not bo put in any fix that would
secure my vote for her admission except for
the purpose of securing the ratification of the
fifteenth amendment. J\o person could draw
a bill under which I could be induced to vote
for the admission of Georgia, situated as she
is, if it was not for the purpose of securing
that amendment. The Scuatorfrom Wisconsin
laughs. He wants to know bow that depends
on Georgia particularly. 1 understand the
question he wants to ask. 1 will tell him. 1
expect that we shall pass a law under the fif-
teenth amendment that will do very much in
sustaining the loyal men in Georgia. I expect
that we shall have the military there if they
attempt to prevent the colored men from vot-
ing. I think we shall have a good, wholesome
law to aid in carrying out the fifteenth amend-
ment, and it is necessary to get Georgia in to
secure that amendment and secure that law.
"With that and with a Legislature which shall
have sufficient time to pass the necessary laws
to carry into operation their constitution, I be-
lieve we can have good government in Georgia.
I do not believe we can have it short of that.
If we have got to take Georgia I want to take
her with such precautions as will give hoy good
government; and whether the constitution by
a fair construction allows the Legislature to
continue itself for two years longer or not, as
there is a difference of opinion upon that point,
and as there is a proposition to impose condi-
tions, let us impose a condition which shall look
toward good government. I believe Georgia
can be governed by the legislation we may have
under the fifteenth amendment and with this
Legislature; but I believe that if you require
them to have an election next fall you will be
unable to succeed. I think the risk is too great
to incur. I do not think there is any necessity
for incurring any such risk. I believe, so far
as equity is concerned, so far as justice is con-
cerned in this case, the Democrats of Georgia,
the Conservatives, the ex-rebels, or whatever
you call them.—rebels now I think they are, for
there is an existing rebellion in Georgia; when
I speak of rebels I do not refer to those who
were in the rebel army, but I rneaii those who
are rebelling to-day, those who are overthrow-
ing the Legislature, those who are organizing
Kuklux Klans, those who are-defying the au-
thority of the Government—I say they have
no reason to object, because it is they who de-
prived this Legislature of having its legal term;
they are the men who drove from the legislative
halls the colored men: So far as the equity of
the case is concerned they cannot complain that
Congress gives to the colored men a term of
which they themselves deprived them by their
violence and fraud. If we have power to do
it, if we have power to restore to these men
the term for which they were elected, and if it
will tend to promote good government, I sub-
mit it is our duty to do it; and they have no
right to complain.
. Mr. SCHUTiZ. Mr. President, I confess
that when this bill came first to my knowledge
I asked myself, just as the Senator from Ne-
vada did, why we should impose upon the State
ol'Georgia conditions which we had not imposed
upon the States of Virginia and Mississippi,
and why wo should not strike out that extraor-
dinary provision which requires them to hold
an election next fall? The diversity of opin-
ion which arose upon that point led me to in-
quire into the history and the legal aspect of
the euse; and I may say that I have done so
earnestly, conscientiously, and even anxiously,
and withal with a very strong bias in favor of
conceding nil that our friends in Georgia asked
of us. If I have reluctantly come to contrary
conclusions, those conclusions are the result
of careful investigation and a conscientious
desire to do that which is right.
It appears that the issue at the present mo-
ment before the Senate is not whether the
State of Georgia shall be admitted, for itseems
we are all in favor of that; bat it is whether
the so-called JBingham amendment, prohibiting
the'State government to continue in olBee be-
yond this year, shall be preserved or stricken
out from the bill. Before entering upon my
argument I would ask the Senator from Indi-
ana who has taken so prominent a part in
this debate 'a question which, if convenient to
him, ho may answer. Will he, in case the
Bingham amendment is stricken out, vote for
the bill and preamble as it si finds with his
amendment attached to it?
Mr. MORTON, i'es, sir.
Mr. SCHUKZ. I hesitate a litt le to go again
over that old story of the progress of recon-
struction in Georgia; but a few words on that
point will be sufficient for the purpose of com-
pleting ray argument.
The first steps of legal reconstruction were
taken by the people of Georgia in pursuance
of the act of March 2,1807. A constitutional
convention was elected from the 29th of Octo-
ber to the 2d of November of that year. The
convention met on the 4th of December, 1867,
and it adjourned the 11th of March, 1888. The
constitution was ratified by the people of Geor-
gia at an election held from the 20th to the
28d of April, 1868. By the act of Juno 25,
1808, Congress provided that certain Stales
should be admitted upon their compliance with
certain fundamental conditions precedent to
their admission. As to Georgia three con-
ditions were imposed: first, the ratification
of the fourteenth amendment; second, the ex-
purgation of certain articles from her consti-
tution, which I need not name in detail here;
and third, the exclusion irom office of those
who were disqualified by the third section of
the fourteenth amendment.
The firsttwo of thesefundamental conditions
were faithfully complied with; the fourteenth
amendment was ratified, and the constitution
of Georgia was expurgated by the Legislature
in July, 186S. But the third of those conditions
was evaded. Those who were disqualified by
the third section of the fourteenth amendment
"were .not ejected from the Legislature; but, on
the contrary, loyal men were expelled and
others were admitted who had received only a
minority of the.'votesi However, before this
took place their Stfttb governntent was • inau-
gurated in pursuance of the -act of Jdne 25,
1868. Military-rule was withdrawn on the 22(1
of July, 18G8, and in consequence certain
members elected in Georgia were admitted by
the lower House of Congress to seats in that
body. But the Legislature of Georgia having
not complied with the third condition imposed
on (hem, the ejection of members disqualified
by the fourteenth amendment, but having-, on
the contrary, ejected loyal men from their
body, the Senate of the United States refused
admission to their Senators. The reconstruc-
tion of the State of Georgia was therefore in-
co'mplete.
In consequence of this Congress passed the
act of December 22, 1869. The Legislature
of Georgia, having committed a revolutionary
act, had to be reorganized. The act of the 22d
of December, 1869, was remarkable and im-
portant for two circumstances: first, for what
it did provide, and secondly, for what it did
not provided It provided for compliance with
the third condition-precedent to admission ;
that is to say, that the Legislature of Georgia
should expel the members who had ho right
to sit there in pursuance of the third section
of the fourteenth constitutional amendment,
and it provided for the admission of those who
had been illegally expelled ; but it did not pro-
vide for the reonactment of those acts by which
the first two fundamental conditions had been
complied with; that is to say, it did not pro-
vide for a re-ratification of the fourteenth
amendment and for a reexpurgation of the
objectionable provisions of the constitution of
Georgia.
The act of 22d December, 186!), therefore,
neither directly nor by implication questioned
the validity of the ratification of the fourteenth
amendment or of the expurgation" of the con-
stitution of Georgia, both of which acta had
been performed in July, 18G8. It may be well
assumed that therefore the act of December
22, 1809, confirmed the validity of these acts,
in the opinion at least of the Congress of the
United States. Wiil it be hazardous to assume
that in confirming the validity of the acts per-
formed by the Legislature of 1808 the legality
of the existence of that Legislature was recog-
nized likewise ? The act of the 22d December,
18G!), imposed a new fundamental condition
upon Georgia. That was the ratification of
the fifteenth amendment. This fundamental
condition, too, has been complied with. And
now look at the attitude in which that State
stands before us.
All obligations-precedent imposed upon
Georgia by the Congress of the United States
have been satisfactorily discharged. First, the
fourteenth amendment was ratified; secondly,
the constitution of Georgia was expurgated,
and both these acts were performed in July,
1808; thirdly, the loyal members who had
been expelled were readmitted, and members
disqualified by the third section of the four-
teenth constitutional amendment were ex-
pelled ; and fourthly, the fifteenth consti'.u-
tional amendment has been ratified. Both
these latter acts were performed in February,
1870. Now this State stands before us claim-
ing admission on account'of these conditions-
precedent complied with by their Legislature,
! partly in July, 1808, and partly in I'ebruaiy,
1870; and so this bill for which the Senator
from Indiana says he is going to vote al'irms.
It says:
Whereas the people of Georgia have framed and
adopted a. constitution of State government wnica
