1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1117
William J. Martin challenged the votes of
Michael Cooley and James T. Martin. The
challengers were laughed at and disregarded
by the Democratic inspector, McCulIough, and
the votes received without any one being sworn.
The evidence shows both their votes to have
M^DALL. I do not claim those votes.
I admit that they should be thrown out.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Michael Kelley, when
challenged, presented a bottle of whisky, say-
ing that was his papers. He was afterward
brought again to the polls, and presented pre-
tended naturalization papers, and his vote was
received. He was examined as a witness for
Mr. Covode, and testified that he was_ upon a
drunken spree at the time ofthis election, and
had no knowledge or recollection whatever of
having been present at that election; and,
further, that he had never been naturalized,
and never had any naturalization papers. Sev-
eral witnesses testify that when objection was
made to the votes on the ground of alienage,
and papers were presented by the voter, the
vote was received without the papers being
opened, and without any examination by the
inspector to ascertain either their character or
their genuineness. *
The duties of the election board, under the
laws of Pennsylvania, in cases of challenge are
very clear. The law says it shall be their duty
to examine the person on oath as to his quali-
fications ; and his residence in the district for
cot less than ten days must be shown by
the oath of at least one qualified elector. The
compliance with this law is essential to a fair
or a legal election, and is so held by the courts
of Pennsylvania. Judge Allison, in giving the
opinion of the court in the contested-election
cases of 1867, (1 Brewster, 174,) declares that
the not requiring proof of naturalization, and
refusing to investigate challenges, or conduct-
ing an election in such a manner as to prevent
challenges being made and passed on, are not
violation of directory requirements merely, but
particulars which are absolutely essential to a
due election.
The fact that by such disregard illegal votes
were actually received, brings it within the
definition by the New York court of appeals, be-
fore quoted, of irregularities which will vitiate
an election. The committee have, therefore,
rightly concluded that the vote of the town-
ship of Dunbar should be rejected, and as the
majority for Mr. Foster in this township was
198, its rejection will elect Mr. Covode by 140
majority.
3. The committee further report that the
entire vote of Youngstown district, of Unity
township, in Westmoreland county, should be
rejected, the reasons for which I will take from
the report of the committee.
"The consideration of the cage of this town district
makes it necessary that we should refer to the duties
of assessors under the laws of Pennsylvania, in pre-
paring lists of persons entitled to vote at elections
in that State. By those laws it is made the duty of
the county commissioners, on or before the 1st day
of August in each year, to cause to be delivered to
the assessors of each ward, township, borough, or
district, in their counties, a certified list, alphabet-
ically arranged, of all the taxable persons returned
it the last county assessment, copies of which list it
is the duty of tho assessor, on or before the 20th day
of August in each year, to make and put up in at
least two public places of the district, one of which
must be the place of holding general elections. It is
the further duty of the assessor to keep a copy ofthis
lift in his own possession, subject at all reasonable
times to inspection without charge, and also, 'at
ar n8UCL time'ten ^ays before the second Tuesday
of October in each year, upon the personal applica-
tion of any person, that is, white freeman, as afore-
said, claiming to be assessed within their proper
ward, township, or district, or claiming a right to
vote therein, as being between the age of twenty-one
|na twenty-two years, and haying resided in the
state one year, to enter the names of such persons
"P?" the said list in their possession.'
The assessors are further required to make out
duplicate copies of these lists; that is, of the ori-
emal list certified to'them from the county commis-
sioners, with the additions made by themselves;
nf a W"* ®teht days before the second Tuesday
Im in each year, to certify, sign, and deliver
"no ot these duplicates to the county commissioners,
dn °i- ^ the same in their office, and the other
""Plicate the assessors are-required * to hold and to
hand over, without alteration or addition, to one of
the inspectors of election of their proper election
district, on or before eight of the clock in the morn-
ing of the second Tuesday of October in each year.'
That the additions to the list to be made by the as-
sessors are to be only of such as personally applied
to bo assessed appears not only from the plain lan-
guage of the law as above quoted, but also from the
fact that the next section provides that the assessor
shall, on writing the names of the persons claiming
to be assessed, forthwith levy and assess on such per-
sons, unless between the ago of twenty-one and
twenty-two years, such an amount of county tax as
by law is levied and assessed on taxable inhabitants
of like standing and occupation, and give a certifi-
cate of such assessment to the person so assessed,
whioh certificate is the authority to the collector to
recoive the tax and to five a receipt therefor. The
assessor is further required to attend at the place of
holding each general, special, and township election,
during the whole time said election is kept open, for
the purpose of giving, when called upon, to the in-
spectors and judge any information ne may possess
in relation to the right of any person assessed by
them to vote at such election, except that when the
township is divided into more than one election dis-
trict he must attend in the district of his residence.
(Election Laws of Pennsylvania, pages 23-25, sections
11-16.) Unless assessed as above no person has a right
to vote in Pennsylvania, unless upon his own oath
to his qualifications, and that of at least one other
person, that he has resided ten days in the district.
{Id., page 33, section 12.)
" These laws make acomplete and excellent system
of registration. In the early part of the year, when
no political excitement is likely to be prevalent, and
for purposes of taxation alone, a list of all the taxa-
ble persons in each township is prepared or oorrected
by the assessor and filed with the oounty commis-
sioners. As the time for election approaches, a copy
of this list, alphabetically arranged, is sent to the
assessors, copies of which must be by them, at least
as early as tne 20th of August, conspicuously posted
in each district, and one kept by themselves also for
public inspection; and upon tne personal applica-
tion of any person they are to enter his name upon
the list and assess him as above stated.. This per-
sonal application enables the assessor to identify the
person making such claim, to inquire into its jus-
tice, and prepares him to give reliable information
on the day of election to the inspectors and judge as
to whether the person presenting himself is the same
person who was by him assessed, and other matters
pertinent and important to be inquired into. A
fraudulent claimant would hesitate to present him-
self personally to the assessor to make his fraudulent
claim for assessment, or to the election board when
his claims would be likely to be exposed on his being
confronted with the assessor. At the same time the
list placed in the hands of the commissioner at least
eight days before the election, and to which he can
make no additions under severe penalties, (Election
Laws, 40, sec. 75,) makes it impossible for the as-
sessor to add any names to the list remaining in his
possession after its completion ten days before the
election, without the certainty of detection should
inquiry be made and the lists compared.
" The township of Unity is divided into three elec-
tion districts, of which Youngstown is one, in which
district Lewis Eisaman, the assessor of the town, did
not reside. From his own testimony (pages 216-218)
it appears that he made about one hundred and
twenty-five additional assessments in the township
in 1868, of which at least thirty-nine were made in
Youngstown district. Of the thirty-nine additional
assessments testified to by himselft to wit: thirty at
the monastery of St. Vinoent and nine at the convent
near by, twenty-eight, certainly, of those assessed
from the monastery—and probably the whole num-
ber, and a part also of those from the convent—
were assessed without any personal application, and
without any knowledge on his part of the persons so
assessed, or inquiry as to their right to be assessed or
to vote. That he understood that the law required
a personal application to him before suoh additional
assessment could bo made by him appears from the
fact as testified to by John Stevenson, (107,) and not
contradicted, that he refused to assess two crippled
soldiers without their personal appearance, saying
that he could not assess them unless they appeared
personally.
"Thetestimony ofthis assessor further shows that
he did not deliver to the county commissioners a
certified or any copy of the assessment llBt, includ-
ing these additional assessments made by him eight
days before the second Tuesday of October, as re-
quired by law, nor at all until after the election. It
further appears that he did not furnish or hand over
to the inspectors of election in Youngstown district
any copy of this list on the morning of the day of
election or at any other time.
" It wouldseem from the testimony of Eisaman, and
also of Joseph C. West, (356,) that more than ten
days before the election the former put up in the
tavern of the latter, at which general elections were
held in that district, a paper purporting to be a list
of additional assessments, and some of the names
being found to be spelled wrong he afterward gave
West a correct copy. This last, howeveij was more
than ten days before the election, for West swears
that the last name was put on it by the assessor on
the evening of the eleventh day before the election.
This paper, together with a copy of the original list
from the county commissioners, which had been
posted at this tavern more than thirty days before
the electira, was taken from the bar-room wall on
the morning of the day of election by West and
McAtee and taken into the election room, and, as
appears from the testimony of members of the board.
was used during the day as the legal assessment list
of the district, and was the only list in the hands of
the board that day.
"Strangely enough this list, which if a legal
paper should by law have been preserved to be used
.at the November election, (Election Laws, p. 35,sec.
51,) disappears with the close of the election and has
never been seen since, (348;) and, equally strangely,
after the election was over and his authority in the
matter was at an end, this assessor was again at tho
monastery, as appears from the testimony of its
abbot, (218,) to obtain anew the list of additional
assessments, and at the November election the board
was in possession of a list which must have been pre-
pared after the October eleotion and without author-
ity of law. The contents of this paper used at tho
October eleotion as a list of additional assessments
nowhere appears; but it does appear that it was
complained of as not being full, (317.)
" To recapitula te': the assessor assessed persons who
made no personal application to him, contrary to the
law; the names of the persons so assessed he did not
enter upon the list in his possession as required by
law, but upon a separate piece of paper, which was
not a legal assessment; nor did he furnish any copy
ofthis to the oounty commissioners at any time beforo
the election, nor to the inspectors of elections on or
before eight o'clock in the forenoon of the day of
election, as required by law. All these provisions
of law are not directory merely, but mandatory, and
enforced by severe penalties. (Eleotion Laws, p. 42,
sec. 85.)
"But whethertheassessment made by Eisaman was
a legal assessment or not, tho failure of Eisaman to
furnish to the inspectors a copy of the list had tho
same effect, so far as that election was concerned, as
though no assessment whatever had been made.
" The law of Pennsylvania is explicit that when the
name of the person coming to vote is not found on
the list furnished by the commissioners or assessor
the board must examine him under oath as to hu
qualifications. Mid lie must prove by at least one wit-
ness, who must be a qualified elector, that he has
resided in the district at least ten days next immedi-
ately preceding the election. (Eleetion Laws, 33, soc.
42,2par., 553,580-581.) That law further provides that
if any inspector or judge shall receive the name of
any person whose name shall not be returned on tho
list furnished by the commissioners or assessor with-
out first requiring the evidence directed by the act,
the person offending shall on conviction be fined not
less than fifty dollars nor more than $200. (Election
Laws, 41, see. 81.)
" The assessor having failed to furnish the inspect-
ors with any copy of the list of taxables, the board
could legally receive no vote at that election except
by requiring him to be examined as to his qualifica-
tions under oath and to furnish the further evidence
required by the act. Nothing of this kind was done,
but instead the votes of persons wererejected because
their names were not found on this paper taken from
the tavern wall, and they were permitted to vote
because their names were found thereon. This alone
we think sufficient to invalidate the election in that
district."
The minority of the committee in their report
claim that it was the duty of the assessor to
add the names of all persons assessed by them
after the receipt of the list of taxables from the
county commissioners to the lists put up by
him in at least two public places in the district,
and that therefore the list of additional assess-
ments put up by him in the tavern of Joseph
C. West was a legal paper and properly used
by the election board. But a careful examin-
ation of the election laws of Pennsylvania will
show that in this my friend, the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania who prepared that
report, [Mr. Randall], is mistaken; that the
only copies of that list ne was required to make
was one to be delivered to the county commis-
sioners at least eight days before the election,
and another to be held and kept by him until
the morning of the day of election, when it
was to be delivered to a member of the elec-
tion board; neither of which was done in this
case. The paper, therefore, used by the board
had no legal character or value, and its pos-
session did not warrant the board to receive
the name of any person upon it without proof
of qualifications and residence by his own oath
ana that of at least one qualified voter. That
the violation of the law in this case by the
election board was not the violation of a mere
directory req&irement of the law, I will send
to the Clerk's desk to be read an extract from
the opinion of Judge Brewster in giving the
opinion of the court in the contested-election
cases of 1868 in Philadelphia.
The Clerk read as follows:
" To such an array of authority against this de-
fense of fraud it may be necessary to add that it is
a settled rule in the construction of statutes that &
prohibition accompanied with a penalty is never
regarded as merely directory. It is a violation of
the common sense of legislation so to speak of iU
