104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Ho. of Beps.
Removal of Political Disabilities—Mr. Rogers.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
trary, we should be as innocent children tickled
with the funny prattle of the cooing Daws.
There "Shoo Ply" must forever remain a
meaningless hyrau to the Congo gods. There
the thick hide of the Rhinoceros need never
ridge itself in puckers, flicker, or flinch in fear
of the little stingers that play and dance and
sing in the speaking rays of the Setting Sun.
But I must apologize for the length and mat-
ter-of-fact manner of my remarks and come to
a conclusion. I have tried to show the advan-
tages of "Bed Dog," ''You Bet," "Yuba
Dam," and liave tried also to show the advan-
tages of the " Gulch" by a common mode of
comparison. And, sir, there is no other way
so effectual in arriving at truth. Men's minds
must contrast God and mammon, good and
evil,lightand darkness, white and black, things
ponderable and things imponderable, big things
and little things, Democrats and Republicans,
sweet and bitter, cleanliness and nastiness,
sense and nonsense, wisdom and ignorance,
Gog and Magog, Alpha and Omega, or they
can never see the light of truth. Most of the
great leaders of this day must be subjected to
a measurement with statesmen of the olden
time, a close comparison, or their true worth
can never be known. Without such compari-
son their history might without contradiction
be written thus: "In the line of our great
statesmen we have the beginning and the end,
the first and the last, the anterior and the
posterior."
Removal of Political Disabilities.
SPEECH OF HON. A. A. C. ROGERS,
of arkansas,
In the House of Representatives.
February 21, 1870,
On the bill (S. No. 438) to relieve certain persons
therein named from legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, and for otherpur-
potes.
Mr. ROGERS. I call attention to the fol-
lowing joint resolution:
Whereas by section three of articio fourteen in
amendment to the Constitution of the United States,
a portion of the citizens of the States lately in insur-
rection against the Grovornmentaro disqualified and
deprived of certain franchises; and whereas by spe-
cial provision of said section the power is vested m
Congress to remove such disability by a two-thirds
vote of each House; and whereas there now appears
no goodandsuflieicntreasonwhytheremovalof such
disability should bo longer withheld: Therefore,
Rpmlvfd hy Ike Sentfe and ijoute of Jiepretenta-
tivesoftlic United Stales oj America in Congress assem-
bled, That each and every person whomsoever (those
now under indictment for treason only excepted) be,
and the same are hereby, restored to all rights, im-
munities, and franchises, of whatsoever nature, of
which he ortliey may have been deprived by the
section of the amendment aforesaid.
Mr. Speaker, when, early in the opening of
the present session, I introduced the resolution
which has just been read, I did so, feeling that
its importance was second tr none that might
be brought before this House for its consider-
ation. I felt, as perhaps few can feel, the
absolute necessity for this measure to receive
the sauciion ot the American people in order
to form that "more perfect Union," that shone
in the apocalyptic vision of the fathers, when
they carved from the chaos of anarchy and
despotism this jewel of representative Gov-
ernment. I felt that the opportune moment
was now, for the angel of peace to calm the
troubled waters, and for this nation to imitate
the example of Him, who once upon the Gal-
lilean sea said,
"peace! be still."
Mr. Speaker, iive years have rolled away
to join the columned eras of time since the
roar of battle was heard in our land and em-
battled hosts were marshaled on fields of
strife; where engines of war plowed deep
their furrows of destruction, and the angel
garnered his harvests of death. Five years of
rest from the shedding of blood, of respite
from carnage and horror. Years that have
crumbled the bastion, the earthwork, and the
abattis, and garlanded in beauty the graves of
the slain. Years that have seen the foemen
of the different sections no longer covered
with the smoke and grime of battle, face to
face, but side by side in peaceful fields of
labor they have recounted the tales of the
bivouac, the march, and the deadly charge.
Five years, with their healing, soothing wings
have been fanning the hearts of the nalion;
changing foemen to friends, and reconciling a
brave, though misguided people, to the eon-
sequences of defeat. And, sir, for five years
has the starry flag of our country floated in
triumph from every hill-top and shone in
every valley throughout our entire domain,
more beautiful and more consecrated from
the baptism and sacrifice in its behalf, and
everywhere "the loyal winds which love it
well" have kissed its crimson folds and found
no hostile hand raised against this emblem of
a nation's power. Everywhere we see the evi-
dences of peace throughout the length and
breadth of the eleven States lately in rebel-
lion. The authority of the Government has
been supreme and unquestioned. The farmer
has followed his plow, the artisan has plied
his trade, and the man of letters his profes-
sion. No " horrid engineery of war" has met
the gaze of the tourist; but the Government
tax-gatherer has quietly taken the tribute
exacted by the conqueror, and met less resist-
ance in the land lately an " enemy's country"
than in the portions that remained loyal dur-
ing the struggle for national existence.
Such, Mr. Speaker, is the position of affairs
to-day in the South. The people are quiet and
law abiding, and an earnest desire animates all
to retrieve as far as possible the errors of the
past. There is but one barrier in the way of
doing this at once and effectually, and that, is
within the hands of this Congress. This barrier
is the only cause of uneasiness, bitterness, and
occasional broils, and is summed up in two
words—disfranchisement, proscription. And
this brings us to the consideration of the
ekroes and effects op past legislation.
When the country emerged from the throes
of battle, when Lee and Johnson with their
scarred veterans laid down their arms, it was
expected that the great heart of the country
would demand of our rulers such measures as
would at once and effectually restore all the
States to the Union and give to all its citizens
who had been iu arms against the Government
a general amnesty, thereby cementing the hearts
of the people in a common brotherhood from
one end of our land to the other. True states-
manship demanded this, but the demon, party,
had to be propitiated, and instead of seizing
the opportune moment and means indicated to
build up again a common nationality, the lead-
ers, more through fear of party than a love of
country, conceived the idea of reconstruction,
which should disfranchise a large number of
the white race and enfranchise the negroes,
thinking thereby to make sure their party do-
minion. The work was accordingly com-
menced. Congress thundered forth its edicts
iu its vaunted strength, and the people bowed
their heads in submission. True they pro-
tested in a peaceable manner against its action
as being unjust,_ oppressive, and cruel, and at
war with the spirit and genius of our Govern-
ment as well as the avowed purposes for which
the war was waged, and have, by their action
since and endurance of wrongs, challenged the
respect and admiration of good men in all
lands.
I have said that these reconstruction meas-
ures were unjust and oppressive. Now, let us
look at them for a moment. What have they
done ? Punished the guilty, the leaders in get-
ting up the rebellion, who perhaps with some
show of justice and retribution might have been
singffed out and punished ? No, sir; the thun-
derbolts of wrath, hate, and maliee have fallen
for the most part upon the innocent and un-
offending. By the terms of these acts all who
held office in the Government before the war,
and which required them to take an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, were
denied the right to hold office or to vote for or
against the constitutions under which they and
their children were to live, and which they are
all obliged to support and defend. But this
is not all, sir. Not being allowed to vote, as
I have stated, State constitutions were framed,
which deprive them to-day of the right to vote
for those who are to govern and tax them;
while the negroes, unlettered and ignorant of
the Government and laws, are allowed this
sacred boon so much loved and cherished by
the American character, and with the negro
all who were so fortunate as not to have held an
office, whether they participated in the rebel-
lion or not.
But let ns go further upon this subject. Old
men who never had a heart-throb that was not
for the integrity of the Union, but who per-
haps half a century ago held the office of jus-
tice of the peace to accommodate their neigh-
bors, or it may be was a lieutenant in the Army
during the war of 1812, now find themselves
disfranchised and shut out because they could
not stifle all the love and natural affections of
their hearts and drive their wayward and impuls-
ive sons from their own doors when they returned
on a visit from Lee's worn and ragged army. Per-
haps the father gave his sons a morsel of bread
and meat, or some article of clothing when he
welcomed them back, and wept when they left
him to meet again in the shock of battle the
victorious legions of Grant; or he might have
been, if you please, an overseer o'f the poor, and
ministered to the wants of suffering humanity,
and for his labors in this behalf received the
sum of three dollars per year, as they did in
many places in Virginia and elsewhere. Still
this philanthropist is disfranchised if in order
to save himself and family from social ostra-
cism in the reign of terror that then swayed the
people of these States he voted to ratify the
ordinance of secession ; for all these things are
construed by partisan registrars as " giving aid
and comfort to the rebellion."
But farther still, it might have been an old
man who, in order to save his son from the
grasp of the conscript officer who watched
with sleepless eyes to thrust him into the
armies of the rebellion, fighting against the old
flag that he had loved so well, took the posi-
tion of one to gather up clothing, &e., for the
army, but who hated the cause from their in-
most depths. There are other classes I might
enumerate upon whom this wrong sits like the
galling chain upon Prometheus, but whose
lives are unstained by crime . against their
Government.
Probably not less than one hundred and fifty
thousand of the best men of the South are
shut out from the great boon, the right to
vote and hold office, the crowning glory and
strength of American institutions; the right
which cost our fathers so much and which
was bequeathed to us, their descendants; the
right which should be guarantied by the Con-
stitution of the United States to every citizen
of this broad land. There are those who claim
at least three bunded thousand are disfran-
chised in the different States; but I wish to
keep myself within the record, and have stated
it at half that number. This is probably below
the actual number, butGod knows it is enough.
But, sir, while this is bad enough, this is not
all. Under the system of registration which
these reconstruction measures brought into
existence registrars go much further than the
