4894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
and the President of the United States with all
his laurels won upon a thousand battle-fields
deserves no more credit than the men who sub-
mitted to this tax to uphold the standard of
the Republic and bear our arms to glory and
to triumph.
As a war measure it was right. When war
was upon our hands, when the life of the Re-
public was the issue, it was for every man to
come forward with whatever of blood ho had
in his veins, or whatever of money he had in
his pockets, or whatever of deposits he had in
bank, and risk them all in the great and glo-
rious enterprise of saving this Republic for
ourselves and our posterity, and for all future
time.
But my objection to that tax now is that the
cloud has passed away. The storm-cloud of
war is no longer visible. These men advanced
their means and their substance, which were
just as much nccessary to the war as though
they had raised the sword in their right hand
or the musket upon their shoulder; becausc
they were the means by which that sword was
raised and that musket did its deadly work upon
the foes of the country. The objection to this
tax now is, not only that the Government has
pledged its faith, which faith must be kept
though this Capitol sink, but that this was
never a leature of taxation in this country be-
fore. It is a direct tax, repudiated by the Whig
party avid by the Democratic party when forced
behind their intrenchmenls. Why repudiated ?
Why is it a direct tax ? We say that a man
can be taxed upon his salary, a clerk upon his
salary of $'2,000 per annum. That is a direct
tax. And I mean to emphasize it; I mean to
appeal to the sentiments, the traditions of both
parties. I mean to emphasize it by saying it
is a direct tax.
Now, Mr. President, we come to another
point in this investigation, and that, is as to a
tax upon tea, sugar, and coffee. Now, let me
say that 1 am opposed to any tax upou tea,
sugar, and coffee, and if the Finance Commit-
tee cannot study up liovv to raise taxes to sup-
port the Government on other things than
upon tea, sugar, and coffee, then let the whole
system fail. I do not mean repudiation ; that
black blot is not upon my record ; it was not
in days that tried men's souls in my own State,
and it is not now. But before I would raise a
tax of one dollar, one half dollar, or one cent
upon these articles which go into the houses
of the poor, which go into the houses of humble
labor, I would find out some other means to
support the Government. Yes, sir, I would
take this debtas it ought to be taken, as a debt
upon posterity, and for every dollar that the
poor man had to pay for his sugar, or his cof-
fee, or his tea, I would issue a bond of the
United States payable ten, twenty, one hun-
dred, or a thousand years hence.
This may sound to some like demagogism.
Having voted for the repeal of the income tax,
or rather against its continuance, I have to
meet, when I go home, upon every stump the
charge that I voted to release the rich and tax
the poor, and that we will take it out, we will
make up the deficiency, wo will go to the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, and we
will call upon the Senate to indorse, and say
you take it out of the rich and load your bur-
dens, your impositions upon the poor. Mr.
President, there is no necessity that tea, sugar,
or coffee should pay a dime of tax any more
than corn raised in Ohio or wheat raised in
Illinois, because they enter into domestic con-
sumption, they are used by the poor as well as
the rich ; there is no discrimination, and I
have always thought, I have always voted since
I have been in the Senate of the United States
for every reduction upon these articles, and
there is no necessity for any tax whatever upon
them.
ilr. President, I hate so much to resort to
the Democratic argument that I almost shudder
when I appeal toil; but, sir, put your tax upon
silks, put your tax upon broadcloths, put your
tax upon luxuries that are consumed by the
rich. I answer by the argument of the Senator
from New York, that that is only voluntary. A
man need not wear broadcloth uules he chooses;
he need not clothe his wife and daughters in
silks unless he chooses. It is a voluntary tax
with him. I would put it upon these articles
that the rich use voluntary, which they are
proud to use, which they are anxious to use to
hold up their aristocratic notions ; but, sir, do
not bring it down to a tax upon tea, sugar, and
coffee.
I may be reminded by my friends from the
South, and i have no doubt that they need a
tax upon sugar to protect them. Mr. Presi-
dent, if I understand this question in regard
to sugar in the South, the South needs no pro-
tection in regard to sugar any more than corn
needs protection in Illinois, or grain, or wheat;
not one particle more. There the sugar grows
in all its native luxuriance ; it is no exotic; it
is 11 native and to the manner born." Itneeds
no protection whatever any more than corn or
wheat does in Illinois, and I should consider
it an insult from the Senate to tell me that they
were going to give me a tariff upon corn- in
Illinois. That would bo like " carrying coals
to Newcastle," because we stand up independ-
ent and rival the world in regard to this one
particular article, just as the South does in
regard to sugar.
Now, Mr. President, if it is in order, I move
to strike out all taxes upon coffee, tea, and
sugar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chah'.) That motion would not
be iu order atlhis time. The question is upon
agreeing to the amendmentof the Committeeon
Finance, which is to strikeout that part of the
House bill which provides for a tariff upon
sugar, and insert what is reported by the com-
mittee, so as to leave the tax upon sugar as fixed
by the present tariff law. When the ques-
tion is dccidcd, then the question presented by
the motion of the Senator will be in order.
Mr. YATES. If my amendment should
prevail, with respect to the Chair, I would say
it would dispense with the committee's amend-
ment entirely. It is germane, I think, to the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the amend-
ment of the committee is adopted, then amotion
by the Senator to remove the tax upon sugar
would be in order; but until that time the
motion is not in order. The question is on
the amendment of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the broad
proposition, leaving out theimmcdiate amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Illinois, is to
restore the tax on sugar in this bill to what, it
is in the present law; in other words, to strike
all provisions for reducing the sugar tax out
oftiie bill. That is the effect of the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
made by the Senator from Illinois is not before
the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir. I understand that
the motion of the Senator from Illinois is to
add a clause repealing all laws levying a duty
upon sugar of any kind. I shall not speak to
that just now ; I shall speak to the effect of
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Finance, which is to strike out of this bill all
reference to sugar and leave the duty in regard
to sugar just what it is. Sugar is an article
of prime necessity. There is no family in this
land that does not contribute to pay taxes
upon sugar. It enters into the cookery of the
humblest class; it is ofuniversal consumption ;
and being an article of prime necessity, a tax
upou it is precisely in the nature of a tax upon
flour, a tax upon breadstuff's, what we properly
call a breadstuff.
Mr. President, the country has groaned
under this tax for many years. It was levied
in substance before the war for the protection
of the sugar interests in Louisiana and Texas.
It has always been a hardship ; it has always
been a wrong. That wrong cannot be dis-
guised or concealed by any sophistry that can
be brought to bear upon it. At last the House
of Representatives have taken a step toward
the reduction of this onerous duty. They
propose a reduction t,ha.t may be regarded as
equivalent to thirty-three per cent.; take the
common brown or Muscovado sugars, equal to
one cent a pound out of three cents ot duty.
When you count it by one cent at a" time it
seems to be a small thing ; but when the farmer
or the laborer goes to the little store to buy
his sugar, and he buys one dollar's worth, it
makes a good deal of "difference to him whether
he carries home nine pounds or ouly carries
home eight; and that is a difference that he
will reflect upon and a difference that he will
feel.
Now, sir, after this has passed through the
House, this proposed reduction of this heavy
duty upon this great necessary of life, it is
proposed to restore it in the Senate—for what?
In order that we may repeal a tax of three
per cent, on net or clear incomes over $2,000.
The Senator from Illinois says he is in favor
of abolishing the tax on sugar, tea, and coffoe
entirely. I should be glad to be able to do so;
but I will tell my friend from Illinois that we
cannot relieve the rich and the poor at the
same time from paying taxes. If he relieves
the rich, it has got to come back on the poor,
and stay where it has rested heavily for a long
time. We are told by the chairman of the
Committee ou Finance that because we have
repealed the income tax entirely we have.re-
lieved the wealth of this country 'from a tax
upon its superfluity ; therefore we must put this
tax back to what.it was, upon this great neces-
sary of life. That is the argument, and that
it seems is to be the result.
Mr. President, the thing has a very ugly look.
It will look very ugly before this country. The
hopes of the mass have been raised by the pas-
sage of the bill through the House. They look
forward to sonic relief from this heavy tax
upon this article of universal consumption : but
now that hope is blighted. The tax must be
restored, because we have concluded to take off
entirely this small tax upon the superfluities of
the rich. I do not doubt the buicerily of any
Senator who argues in favor of the total repeal
of theincometax; butlhavcheardnoarguineiit
presented that appeals to my judgment, so far
as principle is concerned, and so far as equity
and justice are concerned. The arguments
against the repeal it seems to me are over-
whelming.
Now, Mr. President, I do not intend myself
to vote to restore the tax on sugar, if I may use
that phrase. _ The expectation of the country
has been raised that that burden would, to
some extent, be taken from it. I do not intend,
so far as I am concerned, to disappoint the
people in that regard, I intend to vote for the
reduction of the tax upon sugar and let this
deficit take care of itself; let the responsibility
go where it belongs.
The argument of the Senator from Delaware
a few minutes ago was that this tariff bill was
amerepieceof patchwork ; it was fragmentary.
The Senator wants a very comprehensive bill
or he wants nothing. We must'relieve all the
wrongs of the tariff at once, or we must relieve
none. I cannot perceive the force of the argu-
ment. You might as well say that we must
not redress the abuses or the wrongs of society
one at a time because we cannot suppress them
all at once. If the tariff bill, which the Senator
said had been abandoued after being so long
worked upon in the House, and upon which
the House spent, first and last, some two or three
months, had gone through, would it have met
the Senator's approbation ? I venture to say
not at all.
Mr, BAYARD. If the Senator will a) law
"le; with his intelligence ho must see
, e fhfforence between a system of duties and
the different evils of society. The last named
have no necessary connection with "each other;
but 1 am unable to see how in any commercial
