1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3007
duties which now render the building of ships
in the United States impossible? We cannot
compete with anv of the Powers of the work!
now m ship-building. We cannot concrete even
with Italy in building ships. W e are lust ceas-
ing to be a commercial Power. 1 do not know
of any more appropriate occasion lor the dis-
cussion of this question than in connection with
this subject of the duty on iron. If we resume
our commerce again it must be in iron ships.
The days of wooden shins have gone by. Iron
ships cannot be built with the protection which
the iron interest now enjoys. The alternative
is manifest: either labor must be borne down
still more seriously by the payment of bounties,
which 1 believe the people of this country will
not bear and ought not to bear, or else the iron
interest of the United States, the iron manu-
facturers. have got to bring into the market the
materials used in the construction of ships on
such terms as to enable our ship-builders to
compete with other nations in the construction
of ships.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Howiax] withdraw his amendment?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object
to the withdrawal of the amendment. Let it
be voted upon.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not want to speak against
the amendment; but if it shall be withdrawn,
then 1 would move another amendment. I
hope nay friend from Massachusetts will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Very well.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend the pend-
ing paragraph by striking out " cents per
pound " and inserting " li cents per pound."
1 do not propose to speak upon my amendment,
but ask a rote upon it.
Mr. KERli. 1 desire to ofFerafurtheramend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. It must be an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. KERR. So I understand. I move to
amend the amendment by making it read " lj-
cents per pound." My reason for offering
that amendment now is that awhile ago when
I objected to this change, the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Sciienck] suggested that after his amendment
should be incorporated into this paragraph
there would then be time for an amendment to
reduce the rate of duty.
Under the present law the duty on some of
these forms of iron is l£ cents per pound, and
the duty on other forms is 1} cents per pound.
I find by reference to the present law tue duty
to be "on rods and wire rods, less than five
sixteenths of an inch diameter or square, 1J
cents per ponndwhile the duty on oval,
half oval, and balf-ronnd iron is cents per
pound. In my judgment both of those rates
are high, far too high, and ought to be reduced ;
and ought to be reduced not only below the
proposition contained in this bill, bnt below the
existing law. These forms of iron for the com-
mon use of all the people of the country are
extremely important. They enter into thou-
sands of the common purposes, domestic and
general, of the people of the country ; they
pertain to those industries and those interests
which above all others ought to be relieved to
the utmost extent that it is in the power ofCon-
gress to relieve them from the weight of this
taxation.
I invite the attention of the committee to the
fact that these forms of iron are what are gen-
erally denominated braziers' rods. There is
scarcely a cooking-stove or range, a furnace
or a heater, in use in any part of this country
in which they are not used. There is scarcely
a wooden pail or a bucket in use, the handles
of which are not made of one or another of
these sizes. From those kinds of iron are also
formed vast numbers of bolts for wagons and
carriages, and many other things. I insist,
therefore, as I have been insisting in reference
to this entire subject of a revision of the tarifiF,
that the duty imposed upon these articles
ought to be brought down to the very lowest
point of revenue duty. Not one of them ought
to be suffered to bear a duty of oue penny above
the clearest limit of a revenue standard. It is
not right toward the people of this country, it
is unjust toward the consumers of these arti-
cles, it is dishonest in itself to impose upon
these goods and upon the people of this coun-
try, upon the farmers, and women and chil-
dren, upon everybody who keeps house or who
works in the field, this enormous and unjust
tax. I think, therefore, this duty should be
reduced to the lowest point which will beuefit
the revenue.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not know whether
the iron manufacturers could stand it if that
amendment should be adopted. I propose,
therefore, to inquire of my very wise and
learned friend from New Jersey [Mr. Hill]
whether he thinks they could stand this amend-
ment?
Mr. HILL. What amendment is that?
Mr. STEVENSON. The amendment now
pending.
Mr. HILL. My attention has been called
off from the matter under consideration.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask that the amend-
ment may be read for the information of the
I gentleman.
| The amendment was again read.
Mr. HILL. I think they might be able to
stand it; but I think it would be very much
better to leave it as it has been reported by the
Committee of Way3 and Means.
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes; the gentleman
thinks they conld stand it to have the duty
reduced from 1} cents per pound to 1£ cents
per pound. That is liberal, and I hope the
Committee of Ways and Means will attend to
it. The gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Hili,,] tjre representative of the highest pro-
tective principle in the House, the only pro-
hibitory-tariff man I may say in the House, says
that they can stand it. I am, therefore, inclined
to take hi m at his word and to go for this amend-
ment. I do not know, however, that he cor-
rectly represents his particular interest. I do
not, kno w whel her the Lehigh Crane Iron Works
could stand it. After I am through I would
like to hear from him further upon that ques-
tion. And this brings me, Mr. Chairman, to
the attack which was made upon me through
the gentleman from New Jersey on yesterday.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must rise to a question
of order. I attempted to cut off the gentleman
on the other side, but I found that unanimous
consent had somehow been given. I must
insist that the gentleman be confined to the
discussion of the pending paragraph.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suppose the gentle-
man has no right to argue this question.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio is doubtless aware of the rule that every
member must speak directly to the pending
proposition.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, I pro-
pose to discuss the cost of making" iron in all
its forms. I think that is pertinent to this
question. If it is not pertinent, I beg to be
informed. In the remarks which I had the
honor to submit some days ago I quoted from
a book on " Coal, Iron and Oil," by Daddow &
Bannan. In the commentary written by the
gentleman who is president of the Lehigh
Crane Iron Works my speech is garbled by
the omission of the terms showing the author-
ity from which I took my statements. I shall
therefore submit the table given on page 685
of that book, which was published in I860, and
from which it appears that the Lehigh Crane
Iron Works actually produced 
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentlemen will state
his point;
Mr. KELLEY. I believe that the cost of
the production of pig iron is not involved in
the paragraph now under discussion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I propose to discuss
the cost of making iron, and I submit that that
is pertinent.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio will proceed, and the Chair will check him
if his remarks are not in order.
Mr. STEVENSON. The table which I
submit gives as the capacity of the Lehigh
Crane IronWorks in 1865, 60,000 tons. I sup-
posed that column gave an estimate of the
probable production in 1865, the authors not
having the figures to show the quantity actually
produced. If I committed any error it was in
that particular.
The Lehigh group of anthracite furnaces.
Name of work*, beginning with the
most easterly.
Capacity—tons of 2,000 pounds.
In 1850.
AHentown Iron Works 
AHentown Iron Works 
Allentown Iron Works 
AHentown Iron Works 
Lehigh Crane Iron Works..
Lehigh Crane Iron Works..
Lehieh Crane Iron Works..
Lehigh Crane Iron Works..
Lehigh Crane Iron Works-
Thomas Iron Works 
Thomas Iron Works 
Thomas Iron Works 
Thomas IronWorks 
5,600
5,000
4,480
5,000
8,064
8,900
8,960
In 1857.
5,040
5,040
7,840
7,840
5,824
6,720
8,!!60
10,640
10.640
10,640
10,640
In1865.
30,000
50,000
50,000
.5o^
a 2 a
lis
III
Ai
26,102
41,774
13,492
9,134
13,963
13,226
<8 g
•- >
a
es
O
600,000
1,000,000
1,000,000
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment that the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] may renew it.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew the amendment
merely for the purpose of debate, for I am in
favor of a greater reduction than the amend-
ment proposes. Now, I want to call the atten-
tion of the committee, and I do it in all good
faith, to one fact which is very obvious to any
one who will examine the bill. To-day I had
the honor (for I consider it an honor) to be told
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means that my intellect was so obtuse that
I could not understand this thing; and inas-
much as I cannot, I want it to be explained by
somebody who can understand it. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means profess to under-
stand this proposition. They report in this
bill these two paragraphs :
On rods and wire rods, less than five sixteenths of
an inch diameter or square, 1} cents per pound.
On all sizes of oval, half-oval, and naif-round
iron, 1} cents per pound.
Now, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means moves to amend the first
paragraph by inserting the words " oval, half-
oval, and half-round iron," which puts the two
paragraphs together and makes the tariff on all
lfcents per pound. I asked the chairman of the
