1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
Mr. Foster. Abraham Harvey of the same
township, who was married the same year Dean
was born, swears positively he was born in Feb-
ruary, 1S48, making him but twenty years old
in October, 1868. George Dean, the father of
Keason, thinks his son was born the sameyear
Harvey was married, but thiuks the marriage
was in 1847 and his son born February 15,
1847, and gives as a reason thattbe two women
who were present at the birth told him it was
in 1847. A paper was produced as a record
of the birth, but it proved to be a copy made
two or three years before of a paper said to be
made a few days after the birth by one of the
women in attendance. The witness could not
read or write. This vote is properly rejected.
W. S. Johnson voted at Unionborough for
Mr. Foster. The evidence of Dr. Robinson and
Mr. Minor shows that this witness's right to
vote was challenged on the ground of age; that
he was sworn by the board and asked if he was
between twenty-one and twenty-two years of
age, and replied that his mother told him he
was old enough to vote. He was asked whether
from the facts in his possession he believed
himself to be of age, and again replied that his
mother told him he was old enough to vote,
and this was the only answer he would make
to the questions put to him. The witness did
not attempt to vote at the November election,
though in town on that day or the day before.
The committee confidently submit that this
vote was improperly received, and should now
be rejected.
Uriah Ganger voted at North Union town-
ship. That he voted the Democratic ticket
appears from the fact that he was brought to
the polls by Democrats, who also furnished him
his vote; that he was not a resident of the
borough appears from his own evidence before
the board, which was to the effect that he was
there doing a job of work, and his wife and
children had been there for a few days on a
visit, but that his household goods were at his
own honse in Washington county. This vote,
too, was properly rejected.
William Searight and James Searight both
voted at North Union township for Mr. Foster.
They were both in Government employ at
Washington, and returned from there to vote.
Their votes were not rejected for that reason,
bat because the evidence showed that they
were residents of Menallen township when
they went to Washington, and should have
voted there, and not at North Union, on their
return.
Israel Fainter, jr., voted at South Hunting-
don, and for Mr. Foster. The evidence showed
that he was a single man, and had been absent
from the township at the oil regions for two
years, and had returned only the evening
before or morning of the day of election ; that
his father was dead and mother not living in
that township j and there was no evidence to
show that that was his residence. In the case
of the Olivers referred to by the minority in
their report as similar to this, they were young
men who had left the township but a few months
before the election for a temporary purpose,
claiming their home to be yet in the township
with their mother, who lived there, and whom
they supported.
Jacob Glunt and Samuel Patterson both
voted at Franklin township, and for Mr. Fos-
ter. The evidence showed that Glunt was a
widower, but that his home, as he himself
said, was with his mother in Penn township,
Alleghany county, where his children were;
that Patterson was a single man, and that his
home was with his brother-in-law and partner,
"i Penn township. They were both carpen-
ters and were working back and forward, a part
of the time upon a church in Franklin, and a
part of the time on another church in Texas,
Alleghany county. The evidence shows them
both to have been residents of Penn township,
an<i that they improperly voted in Franklin.
Jacob Weitzel voted at Alleghany township,
and for Mr. Foster. That he had not paid the
taxes assessed upon him for the two previous
years is shown by an extract from the exonera-
tion docket in evidence, showing him to have
been exonerated from the payment of the taxes
of those two years. The statement of Faulk,
that the collector appeared and vouched for the
payment of a tax by him on the day of elec-
tion, referred to W. H. H. Stewart and not to
Jacob Weitzel, as will be seen by looking at
the evidence at the bottom of page 120. This
vote should be rejected.
Daniel Bowers voted at North Huntingdon,
and for Mr. Foster. Hia mother, Barbara
Bowers, who apparently could only give
his age by reckoning up the years she had
been at the different and numerous places she
had lived at between his birth and her examina-
tion, thought that would make his age twenty- ;
two at the time of her examination, in July, j
1869. But a careful examination of her state- i
ment will show that by that process he was
only twenty-one at that time, or only twenty
at the time of the election, in October, 1868;
but she fixes his age and establishes his mi-
nority at the time of the election, by swearing
that A. L. McFarlane moved from North Hunt-
ingdon to Pittsburg in April, and that her son
Daniel was bora in the following June; and
McFarlane being called swears that he moved
from North Huntingdon to Pittsburg on the
1st day of April, 1848. This shows him to
have been only twenty at the time of the elec-
tion.
John Stiers voted at Greensburg for Mr.
Foster. His evidence shows that he resided
and had a family in Pittsburg; that leaving
his family in Pittsburg, he went to Grdtensburg
a few weeks before the election and worked
there at his trade as a journeyman shoemaker,
and meant to start a shop there, but could find
no place that suited him, and went back to Pitts-
burg, where he voted at the November elec-
tion. His family continued ail the time to
reside at Pittsburg, and he went there once,
calling it his home in his evidence, during his
few weeks' stay in Greensburg. The evidence
shows him not a resident of Greensburg. He
rests in his evidence his opinion that he had a
right to vote, not upon the claim that he was
a resident of Greensburg, but that he was a
citizen of the United States.
C. M. Robinson voted at North Huntingdon,
and for Mr. Foster. His vote was challenged,
and on his examination it appeared, as it also
appears from other evidence, that he was a
merchant and lived at Alpsville, in Alleghany
county, in another congressional district, but
claimed a right to vote at North Huntingdon
because he was at his father's in that town
nearly every week, and had his washing done
there. When asked if North Huntingdon was
his bona fide residence in pursuance of his law-
ful calling he refused to answer; and also when
asked if he had resided in that district ten
days immediately preceding the election he
refused to answer; but said that if they did
not let him vote there he could vote in Alle-
ghany county. The committee think this set-
tles the point that he had no right to vote at
North Huntingdon and that his vote should be
rejected.
John P. Kunklevoted at North Huntingdon,
and for Mr. Foster. His vote was challenged,
and from his statements it appeared that he
had been living at Ludwick two years, learn-
ing a trade; that his time was out and he came
home to his mother's in North Huntingdon
abont three weeks before the election; stayed
there two or three days, and then went to work
at Brinton's Station, in Alleghany county, and
was at home but one day after that when he
went to Greensburg to attend a Democratic
convention. On the morning of the day of
election he "went to Ludwick and there offered
to vote, but was told his proper place to vote j j
was at Brinton's Station. He did not go there,
but went to North Huntingdon and voted. The
case may not be free from doubt, but the com-
mittee think that by going to Ludwick and
offering his vote there he showed that he did
not consider that he had any residence at his
mother's, in North Huntingdon.
Daniel Bradley's vote should be counted for
Mr. Foster. This was admitted by the counsel
for Mr. Covode, and a proper memorandum
made of the admission, but the attention of the
committee was not called to this admission by
the brief of either claimant, and it escaped
their notice.
Josiah Plant and John Mclntyre are claimed
in the report of the minority to have had their
cases disposed of by a similar admission. The
attention of the committee has not been called
to such admission by the brief of either of the
parties, and none such has been found on their
examination. The evidence shows that tliey
were of foreign birth, and that they received
what they claimed to be naturalization papers
from John Guffy, an active Democratic poli-
tician at Irwin's Station, from which place it
appears by other evidence that fraudulent nat-
uralization papers were issued.
Charles Penrose voted at Youngstown, for
Mr. Foster. Shannon Nicely, a resident of the
township, testifies that he had never seen him
before" or since the day of election ; that on
that day his vote was challenged by a qualified
elector; that Penrose took some papers from
his pocket and held them on the window-sill
with his hand, and that the board, without
examining his papers, and, as appears from the
testimony, without swearing him as to his qual-
ifications as required by law, received his vote.
This vote being thus received contrary to the
express language of the election laws of Penn-
sylvania, it was for Mr. Foster to show that he
was a legal voter, which has not been done,
and the vote should be rejected. The minority
of the committee are in error in their report in
stating that this vote was rejected upon hear-
say evidence.
Lewis Simpson's name is included in the list
on the last page of the report of the minority
of the Committee of Elections of votes im-
properly rejected by the committee, but their
report at the, top of the eleventh page admits
that it should not be counted for Mr. Foster.
Vincent Nichols: The objection of the mi-
nority to the rejection of this vote is that there
is no evidence as to where or in what precinct
he voted. The evidence of John Brinker is
that he lived in Latrobe borough, and that he
met Nichols on the day of the election near
the election building, when Nichols told him
he had voted, and voted for General Foster.
The fair inference is that he voted at that
election district.
Francis Cuslo voted at Alleghany, and for
Mr. Foster. The constitution and laws of
Pennsylvania require that the voter shall have
paid a State or county tax within two years
next before the election. (Election Laws of
Pennsylvania, article three, section one, Cat-
lin vs. Smith, 2S. and R., 267.) The last tax
he claimed to have paid on his vote being
challenged was paid, as he further claimed,
at the October election in 1866; but that elec-
tion was held on the 9th day of October, 1866,
and the tax was therefore not paid within the
two years next preceding the 13th day of
October, 1868, and his vote was improperly
received, and should now be rejected.
Johnson Sproul voted at the same precinct,
and for Mr. Foster. The witness Faulk testi-
fies that he supposed him to be between twenty-
two and twenty-three years of age at the time
of that election, and that he (Sproul) had told
him the day before this examination that he
walked right up to the window and voted at the
October election without paying his tax, but
that at the November election he had to fork it
over, as they would not let him vote until he
had paid it. The'only inference from this is
that he would have been obliged to pay the tax
before the October election if required. Sproul
was not called by Mr. Foster to rebut the pre-
sumption thus fairly raised, aud the vote should
be rejected.
