1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4895'
system each interest ia not necessarily inter-
twined with the others, and I do not see how
you can undertake to displace one without
affecting the other. Therefore, if you under-
take that work, it should be by a comprehensive
system, and not in particular instances. I think
it is manifest that they should all go together.
Mr. MORTON. Jf the Senator will pardon
me, [ still cannot see the force of the argument
at all. When we have before us a distinct and
palpable wrong in the tariff, as everybody knows
and understands, about which it seems to me
there can be no two opinions, and we propose
to reform that, is it any argument against it to
say that it is a part of a general system and
there are a great many other things that ought
to be considered along with it? I think not.
Here are a few prominent articles that have
Ireen selected, and if we can reform the tariff as
to them it will be a good beginning.
I tell the Senator 1 have no faith in ageneral
reform of the tariff. I believe the tariff is to
lie reformed only in one thing, or two or three
things at a time, and so go on, as you can do
it, until you can bring about the reform needed.
Whenever you undertake to do it all at once,
in one general bill, you have got so many
interests to consult"and so many difficulties in
the way that you cannot do it. I believe in
doing what you can this year, and the next year
taking another step, and so on, until you can
bring this tariff to about what it ought to be ;
but if wc must*wait until it can all be accom-
plished at once, it is simply putting off the
whole thing indefinitely.
The Senator said that because he was in
favor of a comprehensive system of general
adjustment he would vote to keep the tax on
sugar as it is now. I apprehend the Senator,
according to his views, would be opposed to
reducing the tax on sugar anyhow. I under-
stand the philosophy of the Democratic party
on the subject of the tariff to be, to put the
highest duties upon the articles that we do not
produce at all, or upon the articles that we
produce slightly, in order that the lowest
duties shall be put upon articles that we do
produce in competition with the producers of
other countries.
Mr. BAYARD. Does the honorable Sen-
ator mean by that that we are to discriminate
against the productions of our own country?
Mr. MORTON. That is the precise effect
of it; and that is where I understand his party
to stand; and I could refer to the debates that
have taken place in the other House within the
last four months to show that I do not do them
injustice.
Mr. BAYARD. When the party gets there
it will be by the allegation of the Senator from
Indiana, and not by those that are justified in
speaking for it.
Mr. MORTON. I only state what I under-
stand to be the effect of the position taken by
the leading men of his party on that question ;
and I think I could find, by a reference to the
debates on this subject that have recently taken
place, plenty of arguments and plenty of votes
against reducing the tax upon tea, coffee, and
sugar, because they are articles that we do not
produce at all, or produce very slightly; and
I have in mind now a recent declaration of a
very prominent member of the Democratic
party, in which he laid it down as a maxim, or
rather as a test by which the tariff should be
measured, that it should be placed highest
upon articles that we do not produce at all;
po of course it will come lowest upon articles
that we do produce ; and therefore, that there
shall be no incidental protection, or but very
liitle incidental protection. I do not say that
the Senator himself has made that, argument
here to-day. I am only stating what I under-
stand to be the effect of the positions that have
been taken by leading and distinguished gen-
tlemen of his party.
Now, Mr. President, we are confronted with
this awkward position : to enable the Treasury
to bear the total repeal of the income tax,
which cannot be a burden to anybody except
in very rare instances, we are now asked to put
back the tax upon sugar and articles of uni-
versal uss and necessity. I will not do it by
my vote.
Now, I will say to my friend from Illinois
that I should be very glad to have tea and cof-
fee and sugar put upon the free list. They
ought to be, if it can be done; but I do not
know that it can be done entirely. It cannot
unless the tax should be raised upon some other
articles. My friend says he would be in favor
of putting the tax on silks and broadcloths.
If he will look over the lists of importations of
those articles of luxury, he will find we do not
import enough to raise sufficient revenue from
that source. Perhaps we must, for the purpose
of having revenue, to some extent tax articles
that may be regarded as necessaries ; but that
tax should be placed as low as possible. And
I will say to my friend from Illinois, while I
sympathize with him entirely in what he says,
I prefer to do the thing that is practical now,
to reduce the tax on sugar thirty-three per cent.,
and hold it there, rather than to attempt to
repeal the entire tax on sugar, and fail in that,
and leave it at what it is now. For this reason
1 shall vote against the amendment offered by
the committee.
The Senator from Missouri has a suggestion
to make m regard to the way in which what
there is left of this tax on sugar should be levied,
by which it will fall more equitably than it now
does; but that is a matter of detail which I do
not propose to speak of now.
I desire to say one word in answer to the
Senator from Louisiana. The reduction of the
tax on sugar thirty-three per cent, does not
materially injure the production in Louisiana
and Texas. They can bear that reduction
without seriously impairing the manufacture.
I do not want to break down that production.
1 would rather see it become prosperous, and
furnish us all the sugar we need; but I do not
understand that the reduction of the tax thirty-
three per cent, at all injures, or at least, seri-
ously impairs, the production of it in our own
country. It is true it would take something
off their profits, but still with that reduction
their profit would be so great that they can
produce it and be encouraged to produce it.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I have a few words to
submit on this proposition of the committee,
which is to strike out the provisions of the
House bill reducing the tax on sugars and to
keep the law precisely as it now stands.
Mr. SHERMAN. There appears to me
some misapprehension about my motion. I
will state it, so that there can be no misunder-
standing about it. By direction of the Com-
mittee on Finance I modify my amendment so
as to move simply to strike out the clauses of
the House bill relating to sugar, without insert-
ing anything in their place. As a matter of
course, if this amendment prevails, striking
out all there is in the bill of the House about
sugar, it will leave the tax to stand upon the
old law.
Mr. TIIURMAN. That is precisely what I
understood it was.
Mr. SHERMAN. There seemed to be a
misapprehension among Senators in regard
to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
understand that the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance is simply to strike out the
paragraphs relating to sugar; and if they should
be stricken out any Senator can move to amend
by inserting anything in regard to sugar that
lie may please.
Mr. TIIURMAN. The proposition amounts
certainly to this, I take it: if the words of the
House bill be stricken oaf, then the duty on
sugar will remain as it is. I am opposed to
striking those words out; but I am not opposed
to it'upon the ground that sugar is any more a
necessity of life than shoes, or clothing, or
iron. I say to my friend from Indiana that
this very little tariff bill proposes by an increase
of the duty on steel to tax the people of the
United States more millions of dollars than
the entire amount of revenue derived from the
tax on sugar. In that single item of steel this
bill will draw from the pockets of the people
of the United States, not to go into the Treas-
ury, the whole of it, or the half ef it, or the
fourth of it, but to be drawn from the pockets
of the people nevertheless, more millions of
dollars than all the tax they pay on all the
sugars they consume. Unless iron is not a
necessity, unless the rails that transport the
farmer's produce to the market are not a neces-
sity, unless the rails that bring him the articles
that he consumes in his family are not a neces-
sity, it will not do to talk about sugar and
coffee and tea as if they were the sole neces-
saries of life.
Take yonr tariff on cotton goods. It is to a
great extent prohibitory. I hold in my hand the
returns, showing how much duty is paid on cot-
ton goods, and you will find that the amount of
cotton goods that are imported, as compared to
the amount consumed in the country, is almost
infinitesimal in regard to a large portion of the
goods that are consumed by the people; and
why so? Because your duties are so high that
they amount to prohibition, or very nearly so ;
and, therefore, upon almost the entire amount
of cotton goods consumed in this country the
people, in the enhanced price which they pay
to the manufacturers, not one dollar of which
goes into the Treasury, and all of which is
simply a tax for the benefit of the manufac-
turers, pay far more than all their tax on tea,
coffee, and sugar.
But, sir, I am in favor of reducing the tax
on sugar, as I am in favor of reducing the tax
on everything. I am in favor of a general
reduction; and I am not to be deterred by the
idea that we shall not' have revenue enough.
I am willing to raise enough revenue; but I
am not to be driven to raise revenue under the
idea that, having dispensed with the income
tax, we must lay a tax upon something else.
I do not subscribe to that doctrine at all. Wo
can spare the amouut raised by the income
tax, and a great deal more, too. I am in favor
of cutting down the revenue of the Government,
because in no other way can you bring about
economy in the expenditures of the Govern-
ment. If you were to give this Government
$500,000,000 a year, it would spend it all. If
you were to give it $1,000,000,000 a year it
would all be spent. The only way in which you
can have economy, the only way in which you
can have frugal expenditures, is not to have
the money to spend.
I am, therefore, for reducing taxation with-
out fear. Raise enough to pay the interest on
the national debt; enough to carry on this Gov-
ernment economically administered; cut down
your expenditures to the very lowest mark that
they can bo cut down—that is the policy which
I advocate; and in order to accomplish that,
in order to secure that, I want to see the amount
of revenue cut down.
Why, sir, we hear a boast about how much
revenue the Government is receiving, how
much more it is receiving now than it received
before; as if every dollar of that revenue was
not just so much money drawn out of the pock-
ets of the people; as if every single million of
increased revenue was not just so much tax
taken from the people. Sir, I am not boast-
ful about the amount of taxation in the coun-
try. I think it is far too great, and I shall vote
to cut it down wherever I get the opportunity.
Now, sir, I have another reason for oppos-
ing this proposition to let the fax on sugar
stand jnst as it is. I say the law as it is is
one of the most oppressive tilings that can bo
imagined. Let us look into the returns, and
see how the matter stands. I find the imports
for the year 1809 in the report of the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue. It is known
to the Senate that the duty is levied in refer-
ence to what arc called tlie Dutch standards
of color, and that No. 12, according to the
