4896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
Dutch standard of color, is that dark s
•tfhicb people do not use without its being
refined, but which ia very nearly, fit for use
without being refined. It is just on the verge
between sugaf .sufficiently white to be used by
the people, and Sugar which contains too much
molasses and icrq many impurities to be used
without sortie refining: Now, what does this
table of imports show? It shows that of the
sugar not above No. 12 Dutch standard in
color there were imported into the United
States in 1869 938,831,702 pounds. Now,
mark it; 938,831,702 pounds of that sugar
which needed to be refined were imported into
the United States. How was it with the sugar
that was already more or less refined? Why,
sir, of sugar above No. 12, and not above No.
15, there only 55,131,904 pounds imported.
Above No. 15, and not above No. 20, not stove-
dried, there were oni-y 13,243,770 pounds im-
ported. Of loaf and other sugar, refined and
stove-dried, above No. 20, only 418,255 pounds
were imported. So that while there were
938,881,702 pounds of this sugar not above
No. 12, and which therefore had to be refined,
tliSre were less than sixty-cine million pounds
of the sugar which was more or less refined
ar.d fit for use.
Why is this? It is because of the heavy
duty imposed on sugar that is fit for Use ; and
that heavy duty thus imposed upon sugar fit,
for use is imposed for the obvious purpose of
compelling the people of this country to pay
an additional price to the refiners of sugar in
this country. That, is tho whole of it. There
ia nothing else in it. But for that the people
could get, their sugar from half a cent to a
cent or more a pound cheaper ; and this addi-
tional half cent or cent or more, as you will
see, is for sugar above No. 12 and not above
No. 15. Sugar not above No. 12 pays a duty
of three cents per pound ; above No. 12 and
not above No. 15 it pays a tax of three and
a half cents a pound, which is ha! fa cent more
than sugar of No. 12 ; sugar above No. 15
and not above No. 20 pays lour cents a pound;
loaf and other refined and stove-dried sugars
pay five cents a pound. You see the duty
runs up from three cents a pound on this unre-
fined sugar to five cents a pound on refined
sugar ; and this additional duty of from half
a cent to two cents a pound is put on tiiis sugar
for the purpose chiefly of keeping people here
from getting imported refined sugar at the low
price at which they could get it but for this
tariff, and giving this bounty of from half a
cent to two cents a pound to the sugar refiners
of the United States.
Sir, never in the world was there so bare-
faced a thing as this in any law—a law that
takes out of the pockets of the people on this
article, thus called such a necessary of life,
and which is a necessary of life, from one to
two cents a pound upon an article which can
bfe imported here at from four to five cents a
pound; making them pay a duty of more than
sixty-six percent, upon this article, simply for
the purpose of enabling a very few sugar-refin-
ing establishments in the United States to make
immense profits.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question if he has no objection.
Mr. TUURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. W1LL1AMS. I will ask him if he is in
favor of the same tariff upon sugar that is worth
four cents a pound and sugar that is worth
twelve cents per pound?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; I aru in favor
of an ad valorem duty.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then I submit to him if
that tariff does not vary according to the value
of the sugar?
Mi'. THCItMAN. It does vary; but that
is not the standard of it at all. If that were
the ease it would be simply an ad valorem
tariff like the tariff of 1846 ; but it is not. an ad
valorem tariff by any manner Of means. On
the contrary, it is a tariff .Which is framed
as precisely to put it out of the-power of the
people to buy sugar fit for use at the low price
for which they could obtain it but for this
tariff, and to pay a bounty to a few sugar
refiners in the United States, that they may
make enormous profits.
Here is the point to which I invito my friends
who are so sensitive about the people's neces-
saries ; about the people havingtheir necessa-
ries at the lowest price. Make your tariff
right on this subject; make an ad valorem
tariff on sugar; a uniform rate according to
the value of the sugar that is imported. Do
that, and the people will be relieved and got
rid of a vast amount of burden that is com-
plained of, and more relief, in my -judgment,
than there would be by this change of the
law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will inform my col-
league that the rates proposed by the Commit-
tee ou Finance are substantially an ad valorem
tariff, and the difference iti the rates is just
about in proportion to the difference in the
values of the sugar. The great complaint made
against the proposition is that it is againstthe
interest of the refiners. I have received com-
munications, which I could show to my'col-
league, from men who know all about this
business, \Vlio are engaged in it, who claim
that it is a discrimination against them ; so
that I think my colleague is somewhat in error
in saying this is a discrimination in favor of
the refiners. I believe every refining estab-
lishment in the United States is against this
proposition.
Mr. CONKLING. Every one of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Every one, tho Senator
from New York says.
Mr. THURMAN. Every one is against what
tariff?
Mr. SHERMAN. Every refiner in the
United States is opposed to tho new classifica-
tion made by the Senate committee, and also
to the classification made by tho House com-
mittee.
Mr. TUURMAN. I was not talking about
that at all. I was speaking about the tariff law
as it now exists.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have persistently
alleged that it is a discrimination against them.
Mr. THURMAN. That only shows how far
impudence can go. 1 pledge myself to show,
and to show conclusively, that every word I
have said in regard to this tax on sugar is true.
I did not expect to speak on it to-day, and did
not bring the tables which 1 can bring, and
which are familiar Jo the Senate, (for our tables
have fairly groaned under them,) which show
that this is m the interest of the sugar refiners
fully to the extent I have stated. I was not
speaking of tho proposition of tho House or
the substitute of tho Senate committee.
I am opposed, then, to allowing the tax ou
sugar to stand as it is ; first, because 1 say it is
too high; and in the second place, because it
needs revision. It ought to bo an ad valorem
tax; and for that reason, as v.ell as for ihe
reason that I am in favor of a reduction of
tax'-s wherever we can with safety reduce them,
I am against striking out the provision in the
House bill.
There are some othc-r features iu this bill
upon which I piupose. when I have the time,
to say a few words. Rat this discussion now
is simply upon this matter of sugar, and I will
not occupy the time of tho Senate with any
further remarks. 1 simply once more repeat
that T do not accept the proposition at all
that because the income tax has been stricken
out, therefore we are to go groping around to
find some other subject of taxation to make
up for that loss of revenue. I want to see tho
revenues cut down as the surest mode of bring-
ing about, economy in expenses ; and I am also
opposed to allowing the taxes on sugar to
remain*as they now are in the existing law, for
the reasons that I have stated.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is
on striking out the fiaragrapbs in tho IIon83
bill relative to sugar.
Mr. MORTON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the i-oll.
Mr. HAMLIN, (after votingin the negative,)
I wish to vote intelligently on this question, and
I desire to ask the Chair a question for inform-
ation. As I understand, the motion notv is to
strike out the clauses of the bill in telation to
sugar, as it came from the House?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to strike
out the paragraphs in regard to sugar.
Mr. HAMLIN. And if they be not stricken
out we cannot move to put in the Senate
amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; we can move to
strike out and insert.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
strike out and insert can be made afterward.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then let my vote stand as
it is.
The result was announced—yeas 23, nays
30 ; as follows:
YKAS-—Messrs. Abbott, Antboay, Bayard, Cole,
ConkHus, Oorbett. Oragin, Brake, Ponton, Gilbert.
Harris, Howard, Kellos?, Jlorrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Osboni, JPoineroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice,
Robertson,Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Warner, and Williams—2d,
NAYS—Messrs. Borcman, Cameron. Carpenter,
Casscrly, Davis, Jidmumis, lferry, Kowler, Hamilton
of iUarylcind, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Howell, Johns-
ton. McCreery, ^1 orr.on, Pmit, Ito-^s, Saulsbury,
Schuiz, Sponcer, SprnprHo, Sumner, Thayer, Xhur-
man.Tipton, Vickers, Willey, Wilson,andYates—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Cattoli, Chandler, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas,
Lewis, McDonald, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Revels,
and Trumbull—1-1.
So tiic amendment was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The paragraphs
iu regard to sugar remain iu the bill.
Mr. YATES. I offer tin amendment, which
I send to the desk.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are other amend-
ments or the committee pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois in regard to
the tax on sugar?
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir: it is to insert after
the word " pound," in fine forty-five, page 91,
the following:
Provided, That after the passage of this act there
sliall be levied no duties upon su^ar, tea, or eoifee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we might as well
adopt thai, after what we have done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Doss tho Sen-
ator from Illinois move to stiike out the para-
graph in regaid to sugar, or to insert this as
an addition to the paragraph?
Mr. Y'ATES. The Chair can determine
where it will come iu properly. I am willing
to strike out and insert, or to add, whichever
is the best way to reach the object.
fl he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
make that motion, to strikeout and insert. That
is iu order under the rules. As read by tiie
Secretary, the amendment is to add to the
paragraph which specifics tho duties on sugar
that there shall bo 110 duties on sugar, tea, or
coffec. The Senator from I lliuois can move to
strike out the paragraphs relating to sugar, and
to insert what has been read.
Mr. EOWLKR. I propose to follow the
advice of the chairman of the Committee ou
Finance in regard to this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we are to make a de-
ficiency m the revenues of ten or twentv mil-
lions we had better make it large enough, so
that we shall have to strike out the whole tariff
sections. I shall, therefore, vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois, so as in that
way to get rid of the whole tariff sections, i
tnink that had better be done now.
I hope the Senator from
Illinois, if he moves to strike out the duties
upon tea, coffee, and sugar, will, before he con-
cludes, inform us upon what articles he intends
to levy the amount of duties to make up the
deficiency. • .
,™r- KAYAIID. Mr. President -
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT.' Does the Sen-
