106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Ho. of Reps.
Naval Expenditures, c£*c.—Mr. Cox.
41st Cos a.... 2d Sess.
in the South land for them to rise to distinction.
But we want them to come as citizens, feeling
that their interests are ours, and not to embit-
ter one class of our population against the
other. Those who come in this capacity will
have no cause to complain of outrages or
interference in their pursuits. We have now
many such with us, men of high character and
position, who are daily endearing themselves
to the people, and are the recipients of honor
and respect from those with whom they were
lately at war.
The people have complained and petitioned
for redress, and they have invariably been met
by the cry of "rebel" and the charge of fraud
and intimidation in the elections. Let us ex-
amine this last charge briefly. Here in these
eleven States lately in reDellion for the lastfive
years the sword has been omnipotent. The
whole control and management of the elec-
tions have been in the hands of the party
making the charge of fraud. Every officer of
registration and judge of election has come
fresh from the hands of the party in power;
and still, if the people rise in their majesty and
dare assert their manhood and independence
of thought, they are met by this jackall cry of
''fraud"and "intimidation." Is this just?
Is thisgenerous ? Is this the course that future
years will witness in this representative Hall
of the nation's Capitol? Are these peopleyet
"rebels" to the Federal Government? Is
there an enemy's country yet within our land?
Are there marshaling bands in war's array
that yet tread our soil" on hostile foray bent'?"
The breezes from every point of the compass
proclaim an emphatic denial. Your acts of
reconstruction have negatived all these ques-
tions by enthroning in citizenship the great
majority of those you denominate rebels.
Then, if the war is closed; if hostilities ceased
when Lee gave up his sword; if continual pun-
ishment and proscription are not to be the fate
of those people, why not begin now, and by
one act worthy of the American people, worthy
the victors in this great struggle for human
rights and human liberty, strike from the stat-
ute-books of the country this edict of proscrip-
tion, as unworthy to be maintained as was the
cause for which it was imposed.
The time is ripe for such an act as this;
the necessity for its maintenance no longer
exists. The States are now organized, and
nearly all of them are in the hands of the Re-
publican party, with a lease of power for years
to come. A vigilant and strong Republican
Executive occupies the Presidential Mansion
for three years in the future. The fifteenth
amendment is virtually a law. The rights of
the colored man are everywhere respected and
guarded in the States where this law sits so
grievously. He stands before the law the
equal of the proudest. The strong arm of
Federal authority, under the sanction of the
late amendments to the Constitution, will en-
force his protection if necessary. But there is
no danger even of this; for both political par-
ties are recognizing the negro as an element
ino ur national polity, and in order to secure
his vote they will accord him equal justice
before the law.
These measures of reconstruction that were
so obnoxious to all the previous tastes and
ideas of this people have been accepted as a
part of the "inevitable," and perfect acqui-
escence is now given them. They regard it as
something beyond the reach of change and
have gone to work to make the best of the
terms imposed. In a very great degree the
disturbances and outrages that have been com-
mitted have been the result of the mistaken
policy of Congress in not making some condi-
tions certain and final. Exaction after exac-
tion, condition piled upon condition, have been
doled out to them, until the feeling took pos-
session of many that there was to be no end
to this tape-worm of conditions.
Mr. Speaker, you gentlemen who have looked
upon ns from afar off know but little the true
condition of our people; and in many instances
Representatives have come from these sections
who truly represented neither the virtue, the
-intelligence, the labor, nor the interests of the
people. I have pointed out these grievances,
not for the purpose of arraigning the whole
policy of reconstruction—for, as I have before
stated, that is an accomplished fact—but to
show some of the wrongs that grew upon that
policy, and against which stand arrayed the
liberality, the justice, and the Christian spirit
of the age.
It is to one of these wrongs that I now
address myself and this House—the wrong of
longer maintaining this penalty for having held
some petty office in the days when a great civil
war was undreamed of. The argument may be
made that it is too soon for this measure of
leniency. I think not. Many of the most
prominent leaders of the rebellion have already
received this boon at your hands. Men who
were not merely passive under the reign of the
confederacy, but who led armies to victory and
death, have not only had this cloud lifted from
their lives but have received gifts of office from
your generosity. There can be no more fitting
time nor opportunity than the present. You,
gentlemen of the Republican party, with whom
it was my pleasure to act during the days of
strife ana war, are standing on the vantage
ground of success and power. You boast of
having carried the country successfully through
the greatest war known to the ages ; of having
emancipated four million slaves; of having
lifted them from serfdom to citizenship ; of
wiping out the distinctions and castes of two
and a half centuries; of making liberty as free
and universal as God's own sunlight or the
breezes of heaven; of making the Government
strong and respected at home and abroad ; of
filling the earth with the glory of your achieve-
ments, and making the air musical with the
peeans of victorious war. Let this be your
crowning act of honor, and no one achievement
will reflect a more gladsome halo in the hearts
of the people than this. It will remove the
causes of uneasiness and distrust. It will win
love and respect from those immediately affected
by it. It will beget a confidence and reliance
upon the part of the people in the Government.
It will remove the last stumbling-block from
the path to perfect peace and reconciliation.
If any question aside from slavery was set-
tled by the war, it was that henceforth we
are to be one people ; that the heresy of seces-
sion died on the battle-field and was buried
with the flag that championed it, never, never
to be resurrected; that one Government is to
stretch its broad Eegis over our entire domain,
guarantying to all the same protection and
exacting from all the same obedience and sup-
port. Then let us make these people one in
heart, one in privileges, one in all the panoply
of citizenship, by removing this last badge of
disgrace that the statutes bind upon them. If
they must suffer let it only be from the painful
memories that will ever cling around them as
they recall the history of the cause and their
crushing defeat. Let it only be from the pangs
that thrill them as they wander amid their
wretched homes, sit beside their broken and
desolate hearth-stones, or weep above the
graves of their slain.
Remember that no acclaim of victory comes
to their ears save that which requiems their
own downfall; that no grand institutions have
been wrested from the shock of battle that
come ia to compensate for their sorrows. No
monuments are set in their pathway save the
mounds of earth, unmarked by tombstones,
that tell the story of their lowly dead; but,
instead, the wreck of fortunes, the ruins of
hopes, and the lost treasures of broken hearts
are all around them. Leave thein alone with
these, for they are enough. Remove all causes
for disquiet from the people, pass this act
striking down the last remaining statutory
stigma, and our people will take hold with
renewed energy and hope to repair their lost
fortunes and build up the country. It will
throw wide open the doors to settlement and
immigration, and the great staples of cotton,
tobacco, and sugar will be multiplied tenfold.
Our commerce will be largely increased and
the rates of exchange brought down. Instead
of sending $100,000,000 or more across the
ocean annually to balance our account with
Europe, we would have the balance on the
other side of the ledger, while the increased
avenues of industry and enterprise would open
up a broad highway for remunerative employ-
ment, and plenty would sit smiling at every
door. The influence of this policy would be
felt throughout the nation, for every interest
of our material industries would be benefited
by it.
Every consideration of patriotism, honor,
and love of country demands that we shall
bring about this result, if any effort of ours will
do it. The country is staggering under its
heavy burdens of $2,500,000,000 of indebted-
ness, the cost of national unity. Three hun-
dred and fifty million dollars are taken annually
from the people for the national Government.
Our credit is far below what it ought to be,
while trade and commerce are languishing. In
many places the poor are unemployed, and suf-
fering writes with its skeleton fingers its story
of want and crime. Then let us open up our
industries. Let us banish from our midst these
recriminations for past wrongs^ and take hold
to obliterate, as far as possible, the marks of
the terrible struggle through which we have
passed. Let us make the fruits and flowers
grow where the furrows were plowed by the
wheels of artillery; and above the still forms
of those that fell let the sounds of honest,
honored industry be the music of their dirge.
If this is done this vast area will soon be
peopled by an earnest, energetic race, who will
help the nation to bear the burdens now so
heavy. Taxation will be lessened, and this
mountain of debt before which statesmen stand
appalled and trembling, will dissolve like the
clouds that hover around Alpine peaks when
touched by the crimson wand of morning. We
will then be one people, harmonious and
homogeneous ; no warring interests to divide,
no taunts nor proscriptions to embitter. The
mantle of complete and perfect citizenship will
then cover every son and daughter of our broad
land.
" Then buried be the dreadful past,
Its common slain foe mourned, and let
A11 memories soften to regret.
" Defeat will then be victory:
Your loss the wealth of full amends'.
And hate be love, and foes be friends."
Xaval Expenditures—Usurpations, &c.
SPEECH OF IION. SAMUEL S. COX,
OI? NEW YORK,
In* the House of Represextatives,
February 19, 1870,
The House being in Committee of the Whole on tho
state of the Union on the President's annual mes-
sage.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, the House will
remember how persistently I urged the passage
of a resolution last week in reference to the
appropriations, expenditures, and delinquen-
cies of the Navy Department. I asked, first,
that the Secretary of the Navy furnish a state-
ment of the unexpended balances of each and
every appropriation of the Navy Department,
and of the respective bureaus of that Depart-
ment, on the 1st of March, 1869; second, of
the balances of each appropriation on the first
day of each succeeding month thereafter until
the 1st of February, 1870, and the aggregate
