1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Frank Heiser is claimed in the report of the
minority to have been improperly rejected from
the vote for Mr. Foster, because he told the
■witness Thompson that he voted for Covode ;
but the evidence of William Shields, as well as
that of Thompson, seems to establish that he
voted for Mr. Foster.
Peter Adams voted at Unity, for Mr. Foster.
His minority is shown by Isaac Gray, who
says that he was born in the spring of 1848,
and fixes his recollection by the fact that the
witness returned from Missouri in March, 1848,
and that Adams, whose father lived half a mile
from witness, was born either a little before or
a little after he came back.
Charles Wilson and Leander Corbett both
voted at Rostraver, for Mr. Foster. The witness
Houseman testifies that Mrs. Harris, the aunt
of Wilson and mother-in-law of Corbett, said
that they were each only twenty years old at
the time of the election. Houseman testifies
further, that he examined the census records
at Washington, both for 1850 and 1860, and
found Charles Wilson recorded as being two
years old in 1850 and twelve in 1860. The
witness further testified that he enrolled the
militia in 1862, and as Corbett was large of i
his age thought he might be eighteen ; but his
sister produced the family record, which
showed that he was born in 1848. Mrs. Wil-
Hon, the mother of Charles, was called, and
B&id that to the best of her knowledge he was
born on the 10th of October, 1847, but the
only means she had of determining whether he
was born in 1847 or 1848 was the date of a
letter from a sister-in-law inquiring about the
baby's name ; but as the letter was destroyed
and the witness could not read or write, the
evidence was too uncertain to overcome the
other testimony. Both should be rejected. .
George R. Chalfaut voted in Uniontown and
for Mr. Foster. He claimed to vote there on the
ground that his mother lived in the ward. It
appears from his own testimony that for over
two years he had been living and working in
different places, spending about a week at his
mother's the 1st of September. 1868, when he
went to Greene county and stayed there till the
day before the election, when he received a
telegram from _ Colonel Searight, an activ<e
Democratic politician, to come to Uniontown
to vote. Hia vote was challenged, and his
own statements before the board that he had
no right to vote there seemed to convince
the board, when Colonel Searight told the
-election officers to take the vote and he would
stand between them and any prosecution, when j
the vote was taken. He left the'next day, and at
the Novemberelection voted in Greene county.
He said before the board that he came to
Uniontown on purpose to vote. I think the
whole testimony fairljr weighed shows that he
had ceased to be a resident at Uniontown long
before the election, and his vote should be j
rejected. {
George Long voted at Rostraver for Mr. Fos-
ter. From the evidence it seems he came to
Rostraver in April, and left there in June and
went to Ohio, and worked there until the mid-
dle of September, 1868, when he returned to
RoBtraver and remained until after the October
election. His case is not clear from doubt.
Edward Devlin also voted at Rostraver, and
for Mr. Foster. It appears from the evidence
of Long that he came from Ohio about the
middle of September; that he had never known
him in Rostraver before, but knew him several
years before in Alleghany and Schuylkill coun-
ties. This contradicts the evidence of Crombie
that Devlin went to Ohio "with Long in June,
1868, and raises the presumption that Devlin
was a resident of Ohio, in which case he had
not been sufficient time in Pennsylvania to again
become a resident. *
William F. James, John Boyle, Walter Mc-
Michael, PatrickHarkins, and David Robinson
m? at Sewicklytownehip, and for Mr. Foster.
ne report of the minority claims these facts
unproven; but the evidence of John F. Kemp
shows that these men were hired in Pittsburg
to go into the twenty-first congressional dis-
trict to vote for Mr. Foster; that of John C.
Hilliard shows that he went with these men at
the request of William Guffey with Wesley
GufTey to the assessor of Sewickly township to
have them assessed ; that of A. B. McGrew,
I the assessor of Sewickly, that these men came
| to his house late in the evening of the last day
! on which assessments could be made, when he
1 assessed them. The record of the vote at
Sewickly township for the election of October
13, 1868, shows that they voted at that poll.
Kemp swears that they told him that they
voted for Mr. Foster; and-Wesley Guffey, their
coconspirator in this act, told Hilliard after-
ward that these men had been to Sewickly and
i voted, and then gone back to Pittsburg to vote
there. These names should unquestionably be
! rejected from the count for Mr. Foster. The
attempt was made to impeach Kemp by show-
ing that he had been convicted of some crime.
The witness Pender when asked if Kemp had
been convicted of a criminal offense replied :
" I believe he was, and pardoned out; I think
he was pardoned out; I am not sure."
" When?'' "I can't fix the time; I have no
idea." "Howdoyouknowthefact?" "From
hearsay." "What was the offense?" "I
can't bring to mind what it was, whether
assault and battery or what." Such evidence
will not detract much from the weight of his
testimony.
John Turner voted at Connellsville, and for
Mr. Foster. He was challenged as an alien;
said he had been naturalized and lost his papers, i
He waff sworn, and asked if he had had his
papers ten years, and answered that he had;
ana his vote was then taken. This was wrong,
since the evidence shows he had lived less than
one year in the township, and the law of Penn-
sylvania makes the certificate of the court
under seal the only evidence of naturalization,
except that where the voter has resided ten
years or upward in the district, then his own
oath may be taken as prima facie evidence of
naturalization. This vote should be rejected.
George Coleman, according to his own state-
ment, voted in Red Stone and for Mr. Foster,
although a resident of the State for less than
six months, having come from Maryland. The
witness, on whose place he lived, swears that
he knew he had not been there six months.
His vote should be rejected.
The two votes found, one in the State box
and the other on the floor and counted to Mr.
Foster, mentioned on pages 11 and 12 of the
report of the committee, are properly deducted
from his vote. The votes found in the proper
places equaled the whole number of names on
the clerk's tally-list. And those votes found
elsewhere should not have been counted. The
report of the minority suggests that it cannot
be told whether the ballot in excess was cast
for Mr. Covode or Mr. Foster; but the ballot in
each case was a ballot for Mr. Foster not found
in the ballot-box, and therefore a case of excess,
but found elsewhere, and yet counted to Mr.
Foster.
It is claimed by the minority that 82 rotes
cast for Mr. Covode and attacked by the evi-
dence offered by Mr. Foster should have been
deducted from the vote for Mr. Covode in addi-
tion to the 20yotes which have been so deducted
by the committee. But a careful examination
of these cases, for which time now does not
Bnffice, will show that these votes are properly
retained and should be counted for Mr. Covode.
In each of these cases it has been the inten-
tion of the committee, and it is believed they
have adhered to it, to reject only votes the ille-
gality of which was established beyond reason-
able doubt; and yet the number is sufficient
by itself alone to overcome the apparent major-
ity of Mr. Foster, as above stated, and to elect
Mr. Covode by a majority of 18 votes.
To recapitulate; if the vote of Dunbar town-
ship alone is thrown out Mr. Covode is elected
by a majority of 140.
If the vote of Youngstown district alone is
thrown out he is elected by a majority of 112.
If the pauper and individual illegal votes are
thrown out he is elected by a majority of 33.
If the individual illegal votes alone are
rejected he is elected by a majority of 18.
If all are rejected, as the committee think
they should be, Mr. Covode is elected by
majority of 401.
1 close, therefore, Mr. Speaker, with express-
' ing the judgment of the committee, as well as
'i my own judgment, that Mr. Covode should be
admitted to represent the twenty-first, district
of Pennsylvania, and thatthe resolutions before
the House reported by the Committee of
Elections should be adopted.
Mr. RANDALL obtained the floor, and said:
i Before going on with my remarks upon this
case I am willing to yield to several gentlemen
who wish to introduce propositions by unani-
mous consent.
11 removal of political disabilities.
Mr. WHITTEM0RE, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on Recon-
struction a bill (H. R. No. 1171) to relieve
certain persons therein named from all legal
and political disabilities imposed by the arnend-
ii ment to the Constitution of the United States
! of America known as the fourteenth article,
■; and to absolve them from taking what is known
| as the test-oath, imposed and prescribed by an
; act of the Congress of the United States of
America, approved the 2d day of July, 1862;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
message from the senate.
I A message from the Senate, by Mr. hjimliy,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
j had passed a bill of the following title, with
, amendments; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 782) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending Juue 30, 1871.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill and joint resolution of the
, following titles; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
I An act (S. No. 466) for the relief of the own-
ers of the brig Ocean Belle; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 23) for setting
apart a portion of the Fort Snelling military
reservation for a permanent military post, and
the settlement of all claims in relation thereto.
The message further announced that the
Senate had adopted the following resolution ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
Rctolyed, (the House concurring therein,) That
there be printed one thousand extra copies of the
report made by the officers of the United States
Naval Observatory of the total eclipse of the sun of
August 7,1869, for the use of the Senate; two thou-
sand extra copies for the use of the House of Repre-
sentatives; and fivo hundred extra copies for dis-
tribution among scientific bodies and individuals
by the Superintendent of the United States Naval
Observatory.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Bailey for twenty days, and to
Mr. Archer for one week.
Mr. RANDALL. I will now yield to the
gentleman from Illinois if there be no objection.
poor in the district.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate bill No.
435, for the temporary relief of the poor and
j destitute people in the District of Columbia,
' for thepurpose of insisting on the amendment
of the House and agreeing to the committee of
conference asked by the Senate.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
improvement of savannah river.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Retolvtd, That the Secretary of War be raauasted
