3952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
State of California ; it will be of great use to
its young metropolis, to your great sea-port on
the Pacific. Why should I have other than
feelings of kindness to it ? Why should I de-
sire to lay a stone in its way 1 Surely I can-
not; I do not. I am heartily in favor of it.
But, sir, I never could justify myself before
aiy fellow-men, I never could hold up my head
among the people of the State of California,
if I sat here silent and refrained from saying
some words in behalf of those eight hundred
or one thousand men and their little possessions
of one hundred and sixty acres apiece if I
should hesitate to make an effort to save them
before they are absorbed in this sweeping grant
to a railroad company.
The one hundred and sixty thousand acres,
probably not half of that, involved in my
amendment will never build the road nor hinder
its building; it will never be felt either in its
presence or in its absence. The road will be
built though you pass my amendment; it is
absurd to say anything to the contrary ; and
the question is not a question of the building
of this road. The Senate is not to be per-
plexed with the alternative so frequently pre-
sented here. The simple question is whether
out of the seven or eight million acres which
you propose to give to this company as a free
gift you will save one hundred thousand acres
for the protection of the settlers-, who, relying
on your laws and knowing how invalid and void
and utterly worthless this pretended withdrawal
was, went upon those lands as public lands of
the United States. What lawyer in this body
will get up and say they had not a right so to
do?
Sir, do not tell me about a withdrawal in the
Land Office. A withdrawal in the Land Office
to be a bar against settlement must be a legal
withdrawal, not a pretended withdrawal, nota
counterfeit of a withdrawal. It must be a legal
withdrawal, I repeat, to bar the operation of
your laud system. Can it be said that that great
system, built up by the successive enactments
of Congress, administered until it has been
reduced to a complete, organic, coherent code,
can be set aside by a false withdrawal made in
the Land Office, upon false information, with-
out law, in favor of a company which had no
organic capacity to receive any benefit from such
a withdrawal ? And yet, sir, that is the ground
which geutlemen must take, and they must per-
suade the Senate of the same ground before
they can satisfy the Senate that this amendment
of mine ought not to be adopted.
There are many other things 
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask the
honorable Senator if he will yield the floor for
amotion to adjourn? It is now ten o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to say that so
far as my wishes are concerned I should be
very glad to have this business disposed of
either to-night or as the first business in order
to-morrow. I do not wish to delay the debate
nor to defer a final vote. Of course I should
be very glad, in the condition of my voice, if I
could have an adjournment this evening.
Mr. ANTHONY, <,Mr. Stewart in the
chair.) I think if we are to adjourn it ought
to be distinctly understood that this question is
to be settled. It has been up four or five times.
I do not think it is fair "that the Senator who
has it in charge should have it go over as it has
three times by the expiration of time. If the
Senator from Maine, who has charge of the
business for to morrow, and the Senator from
Massachusetts, who expects an executive ses-
sion, will agree to it, 1 should be very glad to
have an adjournment; but otherwise I do not
think it is fair unless the Senator who is now
in the chair consents to it.
Mr. NYE. 1 hope we shall finish this ques-
tion to-night. I do not think there will be any
speaking after the Senator from California is
through.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is my desire, if there
is an adjournment, that this business should
be taken up and disposed of the first thing to-
morrow. If the Senator will consent to that
course, that is. my wish about it.
Mr. SUMNER. At ope o'clock to-morrow
I have already given notice that I shall move
an executive session.
• Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator from
California consent to let us vote on this ques-
tion at one o'clock, the debate beginning at
half past twelve ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I should have no objec-
tion to the vote being taken at two o'clock so
far as I am concerned.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senate will stay
here to-night and finish this question. It pains
my ear, as it pains my heart, to see this pro-
crastination.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is this
question debatable, Mr. President?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, it is debatable; and
I do think the Senate owes it to itself to stay
here, if we stay until the sun rises to-morrow
morning, and finish this question. There is a
time when these interminable debates ought
to end, andT there is a time which the Senate
should devote to that matter and stop them, if
they can be stopped, by law and decency.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What i3 the question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to the amendment of his colleague.
Mr. BAYARD rose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from California yield to the Senator
from Delaware ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly. I yielded to
the Senator from Maryland a few minutes ago
to make a motion to adjourn, which he made;
but the Senator from Maine declared it out of
order. I do not know what has become of that
motion.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I moved
an adjournment.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The Chair
was not aware of it. The Senator from Mary-
land moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the result of that
vote is to compel me to cut short what I in-
tended to say, because in the state of my voice
I cannot go on any longer; and I think every
Senator who has paid attention to me must
have noticed my condition. For some time I
am sure I can scarcely have made myself audi-
ble to a good many Senators, and j-et those who
did attend to me must have seen that I was
laboring in the effort to say what I did say.
1 do not admit that the railroad company
have any equities of sufficient importance to
be considered ; but if it should resolve itself
into a question of equities, then I contend that
the settlers have the first equity, because they
are first in time. Hence they have the better
right. It cannot be said with any color of
reason that until the act of the State of Cali-
fornia endowing the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company with new powers to qualify it to take
a grant upon the new route which it had
adopted, and which was unlawful until the act
of the State of California was passed and until
the passage of the present resolutions now
before the Senate again granting the lands in
question, the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany had any lawful title to them. I do not
know whether it will be contended that it had
any lawful title; but it certainly had nothing
better at the most than an equity, and I am
unable to perceive that it had even an equity.
But, so far as the settlers are concerned who
went upon the land since the withdrawal, their
equities are clear. Stated in two words, those
equities are that they went on those lands as
public lands of the United States, and as
matter of law. they were public lands of the
United States, because the attempted with-
drawal of them for the purposes of this rail-
road was utterly void and utterly worthless,
and was so decided by two Secretaries of the
Interior, and their decisions are substantially
affirmed by the report of the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad of this body.
When' this question first came up, or was
about first to come up^ I felt myself bound by
instructions from the Legislature of the State
of California to oppose any bill the effect of
which was to regrant these lands to the South-
ern Pacific railroad. That resolution I offered
here, and it was read and printed by order of
the Senate. Since that time the Legislature
of that State has passed an act which I regard
as countermanding those instructions and prac-
tically instructing its Senators in this body to
take what steps may be necessary to enable
the railroad company to get the benefit of these
lands. Hence I feel myself at liberty as a
Senator to carry out in good will and in good
faith any measure the effect of which is to give
to the railroad the benefit of these lands; but
while doing that I regard myself as under the
highest obligations to the humble men who
have gone on these lands as settlers under the
circumstances I have brought to the notice of
the Senate to protect them so far as I am able,
and nothing but the exigency which I feel and
the interest which inspires me in this contest
could have induced me to make an effort, so
painful to me in my present condition, as that
I have been obliged to make this evening in
my attempt to address the Senate.
I trust, sir, that the amendment I have
offered and which so far as it affects the lands
granted by this measure to the railroad com-
pany is utterly insignificant, will meet the
approbation of the Senate. The extent of it
in territory is nothing to the satisfaction and
security it will give to the eight hundred or
a thousand men who have gone upon these
lands as settlers. In their name and in their
cause I ask the Senate to sustain this amend-
ment.
Mr. COLE. The amendment of my col-
league would operate against the interests of
more persons, in my judgment, than would be
benefited by it. The railroad company have
built quite a number of miles of road, some
thirty I believe, since the passage of the act
of 1866, and since the withdrawal of the lands
early in 1867. This amendment would deprive
such persons of rights that they may have
acquired. My colleague has stated that the
Legislature of California has passed a law
which amounts to instructions to us, the rep-
resentatives of that State, to recognize so far
as we can the validity of the grant of lands
made by Congress to this railroad company.
I hold in my hand a copy of the law referred
to; it is specific, definite, ar.d distinct. The
language used in it, which amounts to instruc-
tions, is as strong as language could be used
for the purpose of conveying the will of the
Legislature of the State on the subject.
'Ihere was some little disagreement as to the
location of a portion of the railroad which was
favored by a grant of land in 1866. That rail-
road company at the time of the passage of
the law of 1866 was organized under the gen-
eral incorporation law of the State of Cali-
fornia. Under that law they were to designate
the counties through which the road was to be
built. Some of the counties designated in their
articles of incorporation were counties through
which it was ascertained it would be impos-
sible to construct the road. They located
their road over the line which has been recog-
nized by the action of the Legislature referred
to, over the line upon which the lands had
been withdrawn, the very line over which it is
proposed now to build the road. The lands,
as has been stated, were withdrawn in 1867
over this very line, and have remained with-
drawn from market ever since.
It is stated now that some settlers have
gone on there since the location of this line
and since the withdrawal of these lands.
My colleague has not given any facts, any
data by which we can arrive at the facts as
to how many persons may have located on
