1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8953
these lauds during that time. To be sure, be
stated generally that there must be, according
to a calculation that he has entered into, some
six or eight hundred; but we have no facts
other than the mere naked assertion of my col-
league based upon information which is stated
to be entirely private, and which we have not
before the Senate, and which the Senate would
be entitled to if they were to act upon it, to
show us that there are the number of settlers
named. The settlers referred to, I presume,
if there are such, that have settted since the
passage of that law, have settled along that
portion of the road which has been built since
these lands have been withdrawn. I presume
that is the class of settlers 
Mr. CASSERLY. What do I understand
my colleague to state ?
Mr. COLE. I presume the settlers who have
settled on the lands that were withdrawn since
the withdrawal are settlers who have settled
mainly along that portion of the road which
has already been built.
Mr. CASSEIiLY. My colleague will allow
me to inform him that he is utterly mistaken.
There has not been a foot of public land along
the line of the road so far as it has been built
from San Jos6 to Gilroy since I went to Cali-
fornia.
Mr. COLE. Within twenty or thirty miles
on either side; the Senator must certainly be
very much mistaken, because I think 1 am
familiar with that country, and I am very cer-
tain there are very considerable portions of
public lands within twenty miles of the road
on either side.
Mr. CASSERLY. I doubt it very much.
Mr. COLE. Some of them are mountain
lands and timber lands ; and in the valley the
better lands no doubt are covered by grants,
but that there are public lands outside of the
valley, if I may so speak, a little further out
than the line of the road, there can be no
question.
But I find the Senate is impatient, exceed-
ingly impatient over this question. 1 will there-
fore withhold any further remarks.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 wish to correct some
statements of my colleague. The difficulty
about the withdrawal of the lands was pre-
cisely as I stated. The company as organized
under the act of the State of California was
authorized to adopt a certain route, and it was
not only not allowed to change that route as
adopted, but it was forbidden to change it; 1
that is to say, it might make any change of its
line, provided it did not omit to pass through
,any one of the counties fixed in its original
designation of route. Utterly disregarding
that law, the company, for the purpose of get-
ting a better line and for the purpose of get-
tingbetter lands, changed its route, abandoned
several counties through which by law it was
compelled to pass, and selected the best bodies
of land it could find, no matter at what dis-
tance they were from its true legal route. That
was the trouble about the lands which it se-
lected and the withdrawal which it undertook
to have made in the Land Office. I think the
Senate will see that the whole proceeding was
utterly void. It took place in the first years
of the existence of the company, before the
gentlemen who are now interested in it came
into the company. They are not liable to any
of the reproach which may be cast upon such
proceedings as I have described; but unuoubt-
edly in stepping into the shoes of those who
were involved in those proceedings they take
the liability of them.
Mr. COLE. If the withdrawal was utterly
void, as has been very often repeated by my
colleague, then nobody can be hurt by it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Nobody could be hurt
by it 1 That is why I say the Senate has no right
to hurt the settlers. My colleague has no
right to hurt the settlers by i t, and to insist
that they shall not be protected in their rights.
The difficulty is that the Senate is now pro-
ceeding to make good that which was void;
41si Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 248.
and the State of California, for good reasons,
reasons which I approve, has so enlarged the
powers of this company as to enable it to avail
itself of the lands as withdrawn upon a differ-
ent route from its legal route, provided those
lands should be vested in it by Congress. That
is the situation. Everything turns now upon
what Congress does. It is nothing to say that
if the withdrawal is void nobody is hurt by it.
That is not the question. The question is,
whether Congress, in regranting these lands to
this company, will permit an amendment to be
embodied in its bill which will have the effect
of saving the rights of these settlers. I think
there ought to be no difficulty about that.
The question is a new question; it is not a
question where you are embarrassed by a former
grant, which was a valid grant, and where you
felt that a certain good faith, a certain pressing
equity upon you in regard to the railroad com-
pany, compelled you to do things which as a
new question you would not have done. The
whole question is at large. If there is any dif-
ference in equities between the settlers on the
one hand and the company on the other, I
think the settlers have greatly the advantage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from California [Mr. Casseiily] to
the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have it reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
And provided. That all persons who before the
passage of this joint resolution shall have located
themselves as actual settlers upon any portion ot
the lands affected by this joint resolution, or by tho
said act of July 27, 1860, or included in the lands
withdrawn by order of the Secretary of tho Interior
of Maich 18, 1807, or at any other time, for or on
accountof said Southern PaniflcRailroad Company,
whether such persons shall havo so located them-
selves before or after such withdrawal, shall havo
tho right to enter, under tho homestead or preemp-
tion laws of the United States, the lands upon which
they havo so located themselves, in the quantities
allowed by said laws and upon tho terms provided
thereby.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the reading of
tho amendment of the other Senator from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Cole,] to which this is an amend-
ment.
The Chief Clerk. It is to insert" expressly
saving and reserving all the rights of actual
settlers, together with the other conditions and
limitations provided for in the third section of
said act."
Mr. STEWART. The amendment to the
amendment is a confiscation of thirty miles of
road built. It takes the land away from the
company. I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. CASSEKLY. I cannot permit a mis-
statement of that kind to go. I think the gen-
tleman could not have understood what I said,
otherwise he would notdeclare that this amend-
ment of mine takes away any lands from the
company along the thirty miles of road which
it has built. There are no public lands there,
as I understand it; but if the Senator from
Nevada knows better I wish to be corrected by
him. There are no lands along the thirty miles
already built, to be affected by any amendment;
for most of them lie in the private Mexican
grants, at least as old as before the change of
flags, and what, is not embraced in those pri-
vate Mexican grants has been long ago taken
up under the land laws of the United States.
I think the Senator from Nevada upon reflec-
tion will agree with me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator iroin
California [Mr. Casserlt] to the amendment
of the other Senator from California, [Mr.
Cole. ] ,
Mr. CASSERLY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, Davis,
Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston, McGreery,
Stockton, and Tickers—10. .
KAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cole, Cragin, Drake, Flanagan Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Ilowe, McDonald, Morrill
of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey,
Itiee, Robertson, Ross. Sawyer, Scott,Spencer, Stew-
art,, Sumner, Tipton, Willey, and Williams—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames. Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Cattel!, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds,
Fenton, Kerry, Gilbert, Harris, Howard, Howoll,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Revels, S.iulsbury, Schurz, Sher-
man, Sprague, Thayer, Thurman, Trumbull, War-
ner, Wilson, and Yates—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejee ted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from California, [Mr. Cole.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, as amended.
Mr. STEWART. I think a verbal change
should be made. The word "shall" should
be changed to " may," on the last line of the
first page.
The PRESIDENTprotorepore. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clekk. It will then read:
Thattlie Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
California may construct its road and telegraph
line, &c.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to, there being
no objection. The question is on the amend-
ment reported by the committee, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The amendment was ordered to be
engrossed, and the joint resolution to be read
a third time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
mittee report to strike out the preamble.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was read thethird time,
and passed. Its title was amended so as to
read: "A joint resolution concerning the
Southern Pacific railroad of California."
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that tlie Senate take
up for consideration Senate bill No. 401.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that?
Mr. DRAKE. It is a bill in relation to the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad, to give them some
legislation that is absolutely necessary to enable
them to go on. It does not contain any land
grant or anything of that kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you want to pass it
to-night?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; I merely wish to
get a hearing before the Senate to-morrow. It
has been here now reported for more than three
months. It will not take ten minutes to pass
it when we can get at it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. DRAKE. Can I be taken off the floor
by that motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not if the
Senator is on the floor. The Chair understood
the Senator to make a motion.
Mr. DRAKE. I appeal to the Senator from
Vermont to withdraw his motion. I have been
trying for a long time to get some action on
this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will pardon
me. My impression is that his bill is right;
but it is not right in the absence of the gentle-
man having charge of the appropriation bills
to crowd out a bill that is on the docket for
to-morrow by taking up this bill to-night 1
Mr. DRAKE. I will not do that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. . The Sen-
ator from Missouri is aware that it requires
unanimous consent to take up this bill from
the Calendar. , ,, . .,
Mr. DRAKE. I .did not kuow that it
required unanimous consent. .
My. EDMUNDS. It will be reached m two
or three days. 1 move that the Senate ad-
journ. I will help my
passed early, I think.
friend to get that bill
