2066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
ators are stung-into the utmost concern for the
safety of the Republic because somebody has
told them that Governor Bullock said so and
so. Sir, that is no foundation for anything.
Mr. President, the true principle that should
lie at the foundation of all legislation for the
reconstruction of the rebel States is this: to
give to the loyal men of those States every
guarantee that we can with any propriety give
that those States shall continue under loyal
control, and then let tliem take care of them-
selves.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What do you mean by
" loyal control?"
Mr. DRAKE. I mean the control of the
men who had no part in the rebellion, along
with those who having taken part in the rebel-
lion have shown that they have repented of the
error of their ways and are ready to sustain
the Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "What do you consider
evidence of repentance ?
Mr. DRAKE. Not Kuklux organizations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is negative; what
is the affirmative evidence?
Mr. DRAKE. When the honorable Senator
from Vermont has a case before aie which I
have to decide, and the facts and circumstances
of that case are laid before me, I will decide
the question what is evidence of loyalty. At
present, in the general, the true principle is,
that the men who fought fortius country, along
with the men who fought against it and have
since shown that they repent of their evil deeds,
are the loyal element that should govern those
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend did not under-
stand my question, I presume. lie says that
those who have shown that they repent are the
loyal men. Now, I ask him what is, to his
mind, affirmative evidence of repentance ? and
I ask for information. *
Mr. DRAKE. I will tell the Senator from
Vermont what is to my mind affirmative evi-
dence of repentance. When the men who
fought for their country and Government con-
sent to take those former rebels into fellow-
ship with themselves that is evidence of repent-
ance in those rebels.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is, only those who
have repented, and who agree with Governor
Bullock.
Mr. DRAKE. ■ Not at all. The gentleman
is not quite so sharp as he thinks he is.
[Laughter.] He was asking me what evidence
of repentance would satisfy me ; not whether
every man is to be considered repentant who
is here or there, and every man unrepentant
who is somewhere else ; but the Senator was
asking me what would be evidence to my mind
of repentance. I say again that when tho loyal
men who fought for their country take a former
rebel into fellowship with them, that is evi-
dence that he has repented of his ways.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is satisfactory.
Mr. DRAKE. But, Mr. President, let us
look at the attitude of things in Georgia. Who
is it there that is most in danger? It is that
race of whom we have now, I am rejoiced to
know, one representative on tho floor of the
Senate. Two hundred years of wrong, of op-
pression, of slavery, of degradation, of ignor-
ance, are not, it seems, enough yet for that
race. Georgia must pile it upon them in their
state of freedom as it did in their state of
slavery. Everywhere throughout that State
the organizations of midnight darkness and
bloody masquerade are preying upon the peo-
ple of that race; everywhere intimidation and
wrong and outrage still visit that race within
the confines of Georgia; and everywhere there
it is to be continued for an unlimited time
unless we protect them. And now, sir, when
we are trying to protect them, here is brought
before us tho very first proposition that has
yet. been openly made in Congress to minister
to the power of our enemies and to oppress
our friends.
Mr. President, for these reasons I shall vote
to strike out this proviso. I would vote to strike
out anything else that human ingenuity could
put into the bill which would cause it to oper-
ate in favor of our enemies and against our
friends. I go further; I have had printed and
laid on the desks of Senators an amendment
to this bill which, when the proper time comes,
I shall offer, and which perhaps the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee will find has some
"grip" in it. For one, sir, I will; if I can,
put point, power, force into the legislation of
Congress against that rebel element in the
southern States. If any capacity of mine can
accomplish it I will see that one hand of this
Government shall take hold of those men and
that the other shall uphold the loyal men of
the South.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from In-
diana, [Mr. Morton,] to add a new section to
the bill, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
And be it farther cnactecl, That so much of the act
entitled "An act making appropriations for the sup-
port of tho Army for tho year ending June 30. 18(53,
and for other purposes," approved Ma.rch 2,1867, as
prohibits the organization, arming, or calling into
service of the militia forco in the State of Georgia,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend the bill by
adding a section, which I send to the Chair.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That whenever
the Legislature or tho Governor of any State shall
represent to the President of the United States that
there exists m such State organizations or combina-
tions of men engaged in the perpetration of acts of
violence against the persons or property of others, or
in obstru sting tiie due execution of tho laws of such
State, ami that the government of such State is unable
to suppress tho perpetration of such acts of violence
or obstruction, it shall bo the duty of the President
to send into such State such number of the troops of
the United States as may be necessary for the sup-
pression of such acts of violence or obstruction, and
the subjugation and dispersion of such organizations
and combinations; and tho officer commanding such
troops, upon arriving in tho county or district where
such organizations or combinations shall have been
represented to exist, shall deelaro martial law over
such county or district, with suspension of the writ
of habeai corpus, if such suspension be authorized by
tho President, and shall take all measures known to
martial law for the suppression of such organizations
and combinations, and shall hold and maintain mil-
itary jurisdiction over all persons arrested by his order
until their cases shall be linally disposed of; and shall
proceed to levy upon and collect from theinhabitants
of such county or district a sum of money sufficient
to pay tho expenses of the transportation of such
troops from tho point whence they were ordered to
the point of their operations in such county or dis-
trict, and all other expenses of his command, except
pay and clothing, while such command shall bo there
stationed for the purpose aforesaid. And this section
shall apply to any case in any of said States where
the President may have heretofore sent a military
forceupon thorectuest of theLegislaturoorGovernor
thereof for the suppression of domestic violence.
And if the Army ot the United States shall be so sta-
tioned or employed as that it cannot,in the judgment
of the President, bo advantageously used for this ser-
vice, he shall call out and organize a sufficient number
of tho militia of States which have not been in armed
hostility to the United States to accomplish such sup-
pression; and the provisions of this section shall
apply to the militia so called out and organized.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I offer this
amendment because my purpose is, if it is pos-
sible to do it, to suppress the outrages upon
the rights of men which occur in the southern
States. I offer it in the belief that it will com-
pletely and perfectly eradicate all the organ-
izations in those States which are perpetrating
those outrages. I offer it because the princi-
ple upon which it is based has been found
perfectly efficient in other States situated as
those States are, upon which this amendment
is designed to operate.
It will be perceived that the point of this
amendment is that the transportation and sub-
sistence of the troops which may be sent into
any county or district in any State to suppress
domestic violence, shall be paid by the inhab-
itants of that county or district. That is tho
point. As matters now stand, you send troops
there at the expense of the Government to
quell disturbances which would never exist
but for tho encouragement given to them by
the resident population.
Let us look at it, Mr. President. I invoke
the attention of the Senate to this amendment;
I invoke the scrutiny of every Senator upon it;
it has been lying on each of their desks. If
it will be effectual to put an end to the viola-
tions of law, and of order, and human rights,
which exist in those States, then we ought to
adopt it. I admit that it is a new thing; but
the circumstances invoking it are new. When
you have heretofore called out troops to sup-
press insurrection, it has been insurrection
in open daylight, armed, organized, ready to
meet you on the battle-field. Now it is insur-
rection arming and organizing itself and oper-
ating masked in the dead of night, and defying
discovery. Now, suppose thatwe order troops
there to-day. We ordered them the other day
into Tennessee upon the demand of the Gov-
ernor ; we shall order them probably into North
Carolina upon the demand of the Governor;
and when they get there what do they find ?
The marauders, the midnight murderers, those
who deal out death and destruction from behind
the mask, instantly put away their masks and
appear in broad daylight as peaceable citizens;
and lo, in the whole county or district there is
not a particle of disorder prevalent, and after
they stay a little while your troops are ordered
back again ! Every thing there is as saintly as in a
church. But, sir, when our troops are ordered
away then begi n again the midnight orgies of the
Kuklux, the midnight organizations tor death,
the midnight scourgings of the unarmed and
defenseless, the midnight murder of citizens
whose only crime is loyally to the United
States and to human rights. Sir, I demand
an end to that. Let the troops go there, de-
clare martial law, and operate upon those who
sustain those midnight deviltries. They would
not exist for a moment unless sustained by the
public sentiment around them. Sir, do you
suppose thatif the entire population of a county
in any of those southern States were, with the
exception of a small per cent., opposed to the
perpetuation of such horrid crimes, that the
crimes would or could exist? Can it be sup-
posed for a moment that if nine tenths of the
people of any county in one of those Stales
were opposed in spiriL and in fact to such
transactions as we hear of from day to day,
they would take place there? Never. It is
in the counties and districts where the rebel
element predominates that these midnight out-
rages find support, and just there is where I
wish to make those people feel not only the
presence but the hard hand of the military.
Sir, send them there, and let the command-
ing officer declare martial law, and send to
Mr. A and say to him, "Sir, we want from you
$200 to pay the expenses of these troops;"
and to Mr. B, who isbetteroff, " We want $300
from you;" and to Mr. C, who is still better off,
"We want $500 from you;" and to Mr. D, who
is still betteroff, "Wewant$l,000fromyou,"
and my word for it in a very little time the
whole existence of the Kuklux organizations
will utterly disappear.
Sir, in my own State, after the collapse of
the rebellion, there were two or three counties
that were infested by just such bands as those
in the southern States. The Legislature passed
a law authorizing militia to be sent there, and
requiring their expenses to be paid by the peo-
ple of the county. Once only was it neces-
sary for the Governor to send militia into a
county. He ordered a company there, and
they had been there a very short time when the
people were almost down on their knees beg-
ging him to take them away and they would
guaranty the future peace of the county. He
took them away, and from that time to this all
such operations have ceased there. Now, sir,
why should we notadoptthe same policy here?
Why should the Government of the United
States be obliged to send troops into Tennessee,
North Carolina, •Georgia, orelsewherein those
States, at the expense of this whole nation, to
