4898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
never make to the poor against the rich. Sir,
the Government of this countiy does not be-
long to the rich nor to the poor ; it belongs
to everybody, high and low, rich and poor,
ignorant and learned, drunk and sober.
[Laughter.] It belongs universally to the peo-
ple ot' the United States of America. Upon
this platform I base it. If it cannot stand upon
this platform, if it cannot support its poor, its
humble, its degraded, then let its flag fall, for
the great experiment of self-government has
failed.
Does the honorable Senator suppose that the
men in his State and in my State who have
been most influential in the suppression of the
rebellion, who came forward at the right time,
in the right place, and in the right manner,
with means that were necessary to support the
war and crush the rebellion, will continue to
pay this tax withoutgrumbling when it is levied
in violation of the pledge of the Government?
Why, sir, take my own case, when there was
a rebel Legislature encamped in the halls of
the house of representatives and senate of the
State of Illinois when I was Governor, who
would not vote mea dollar to pay the ordinary
expenses of the government or for the prosecu-
tion of the war. At this late period of time,
without intending to oast any reflection on the
dead—I mean upon the politically dead, those
who have retired before the mighty wave in favor
of the Union and against the rebellion—what
should 1 have done but for the men who ad-
vanced means? That Legislature would not
vote me a dollar to pay postage. It refused to
receive my messages; it denounced Lincoln
as a murderer ; it demanded the cessation of
hostilities. In that way it proposed to decide the
whole question for Illinois after our " boys in
blue" had left us to ourselves. What was I to do
I made my appeal to the people of Illinois,
to our rich men, to our men of capital, and to
our poor men too ; for the poor men came up
equally with the rich. I adjourned that camp ;
I sent them howling.to their homes; and 1
raised the money that equipped the men whom
Illinois sent to this war, two hundred and fifty-
eight thousand men, and more glorious or gal-
lant veterans never figured upon any field of
battle. I sent my appeal to the capitalists in
Chicago and in other parts of the State, to men
who had wealth and influence, to assist me,
and I was most liberally provided. J was so
liberally provided that I almost felt like Lord
Clive when he was arraigned for stealing in
India, and his defense was, "My lords and
Parliament, when T see the shining pieces of
gold that were before me, when I see how
much of that beautiful treasure I had a chance
of taking, and what, I am charged with rob-
bing, I stand astonished at my own modera-
tion." That is the way I felt when the coffers
of the people, the rich and the poor, were
poured in upon me after I had adjourned that
infamous rebel Legislature. Now, if the Sen-
ator from Indiana can snatch from the brow
of Fame any laurel which will bind his brow,
by saying that this income tax, designed for
war, shall be continued in time of peace, a
direct tax, against the theory of the Whig parly,
against the theory of the Democratic party,
then I ask him to offer his amendment and let
us have a direct tax upon the clergyman who
receives his $2,000 a year, and have the tax
upon the man who owns wild lands that are
worth $200,000 ; let us have fair play and equal
rights. I am for the doctriuc of universal
equality.
But, Mr. President, here are articles that
enter into the home consumption of ail the
people. The poor use more sugar, lea, and
coffee than the rich. The rich supply them-
selves with other luxuries. They surround
themselves with all that foreign markets can
afford, and they enrich their tables with every
delicacy that the domestic market, can afford.
They drink far less of tea and coffee, and use
less sugar than the poor. 1 think it is a great
mistake on the part of >our poor people that
they diink so much coffee; they drink far
uioie than the rich in proportion.
Mr. President, I am so much afraid of get-
ting on Democratic ground that I hesitate in
my remarks. The Democratic party never
could be answered, and never will be answered;
and you will find it so very suddenly before
the next election, if you do not impose an ad
valorem tax upon silks and broadcloths while
you continue the tax on sugar, tea, and coffee.
You say you want to reach the rich man.
Reach him through his pride. Tell him that
a yard of silk is worth a dollar, and be will
give you five dollars a yard for it to clothe his
wife and daughters. You can reach him in
that way; but you will not reach the rich
through the tax on sugar and coffee.
The Senator from Massachusetts [.Mr. Sum-
ner] the other day stood up here for a reduc-
tion ot postage, and he was ridiculed by other
Senators, who said, " What is the difference
between three cents and one cent?" Sir, what
an argument! One cent is all to the widow who
wants to buy a ginger-cake for her poor ragged
boy. One cent is a fortune to the poor strug-
gling child of misfortune, upon whom the sun-
shine has not blazed to bless. One cent places
the poor boy in the position of the millionaire
in feeling, because a millionaire is not the man
who has property, but the millionaire is the
man who has God's sunshine and goodness and
love and purity and benevolence in his heart.
Abolish the tax on tea and on sugar and on
coffee, and what difference does that make to
the poor man ? It is a small item, you may
say ; but if it is, it is a great deal smaller to the
rich man. Let the Senator from Indiana vote
as 1 understand he is going to vote, against
a reduction of the tax upon tea, coffee, and
sugar, and then try to save himself by resort-
ing behind the feeble intrenchment that he
proposes, of imposing an income tax upon the
men who came forward and sustained the war
in its hour of danger and of peril. Sir, that
cannot be done successfully in this country.
Mr. President,, tea and coffee and sugar are
necessary to the humble poor of this country.
They are articles used in every household of
the land. Why not make them fiee? 1 am
for doing it, and doing it at once. 'That is the
amendment I have proposed, and I want the
vote of the Senate upon it, and I mean to vote
for it if I vote alone. I am willing to stand by
the proposition that tea, coffee, and sugar must
not be taxed in this country. These articles
go too much into the general consumption by
the poor. H we cannot find other articles from
which to raise a revenue sufficient to support the
Government, then issue your bonds ad infi-
nitum, extending down a thousand generations
upon our posteiity to uphold and maintain the
Government.
Sir, this is my theory, this is my doctrine.
There has never been such an enormous abuse
of the taxing privilege as in taxing these arti-
cles of not only common but universal neces-
sity. The Senator from Ohio intimated that
we might just as well bo in favor of repealing
the tax upon iron, because a plow or a hoe
was as much a matter of necessity as tea and
coffee. Sir, that is not answering the question,
because the Senator is in favor of an ad val-
orem tax, a Democratic tax, in favor of a tax
upon the hoe: but I want him to vote upon my
amendment and to record whether he isin favor
of a total, unconditional repeal of the taxes
upon sugar, tea, and coffee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask the Senator
to inform me how much he will throw off by
the repeal of these taxes.
Mr. YATES. I cannot tell the Senator; but
f will say that if it threw off twenty-five cents
I would bo glad of the position I have taken,
for twenty-five cents, as 1 said about one cent,
is a relief to the poor and to the people. 1 do
not speak of the poor in contradistinction to
any other class. 1 hope the day may never come
when 1 shall array the rich against the poor in
any manner, shape, or form. It might be pop-
ular for me, like my united delegation in the
House of Representatives, to vote to continue
the income tax, because it is said to be a tax
upon the rich; but, thank God, I am governed by
no such principles, and never have been. I thank
God, also, that however much I may have been
in the minority upon every question upon which
I have acted, I finally came up all right, as I
will do upon this income tax, and as I will do
upon the repeal of the tax upon sugar, tea, and
coffee.
Mr. President, as I understood the Senator
from Ohio he said that my amendment would
take off $75,000,000 from the means for the
support of the Government. Am I right, I
will ask the Senator from Ohio, ill the figures?
JMr. SHERMAN. Fifty-four million dollars.
Mr. YATES. Is it possible that while put-
ting this §54,000,000 of taxation upon the sol-
dier with his one arm, upon the man who walks
upon crutches, or the man who cannot walk at
ail, with his eyes out—is it possible that to
save the American Government $54,000,000
we shall tax prime articles of necessity, not
luxuries?
It has been said that when a man drinks tea
and codec lie does so voluntarily; that when
he pays a tax on sugar, tea, and coffee he
does it voluntarily, because he need not use
the articles unless he chooses. Sir, the laborer
who returns from the field of toil as the sun's
shadows flit across the sky, weary and hungry,
finds his cup of coffee upon the table; he pays
for it voluntarily, you say. That is true, to a
certain extent; bat suppose he had not the cup
of coffee there, suppose he had not the money
to buy it, would it be a voluntary matter then?
Sir, this tax is a sacrifice to ail unjust law, to
a discriminating law, and I would rather see
the tariff abolished from turret to foundation-
stone than see this tax longer imposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois will please suspend his remarks. Tiie
hour has arrived at which the House of Rep-
resentatives was to send to the Senate a mes-
sage announcing the death of one of its mem-
bers. Before receiving that message the Chair
will ask the consent of the Senate, in case the
remarks of the five Senators who are to speak
should extend beyond half past four o'clock,
tliattheadjournmentto half past seven, already
ordered, shall not be announced until the con-
elusion of their remarks.
Mr. ITAMLIN. The motion I submitted I
thought superseded the hour fixed for the
recess, and would extend the time, at any rate,
until the conclusion of the remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. /The Chair will
not, therefore, declare the adjournment until
the remarks of those Senators who shall speak
are concluded. The Chair will now receive
the message from the House of Representa-
tives.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(II. II. No. 1914) to relieve the estate held by
Louis M. Edge from succession tax and stamp
tax ; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (EL R. No. 230) to require the hold-
ing of additional district and circuit courts in
the district of Indiana, and for other purposes.
D13AT1I 01? HON. DAVID IIEATON.
The message further communicated to the
Senate information of the death of Hon.
David Heatojt, late a member of the House
of Representatives from the State of North
Carolina.
^ I he resolutions adopted by the House of
Representatives on the announcement of Mr.
Heatox's death were read.
_ Mr.^ ABBOTT. Mr. President, on the morn-
ing of last Saturday, soon after the rising of
