3954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Mr. RAMSEY. After the bill for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege is through I will
help him also. That comes up next.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 31, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
richard p. spencer.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent to report back, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, a bill (H. R. No. 1537)
for the relief of Richard P. Spencer, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve objection until I
hear what it is.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to cause to be issued to
Richard P. Spencer, of Deep River, Connec-
ticut, a proper certificate of the registered stock
of the United States of the ten-forty loan, under
the act of March 3, 1804, to the amount of
$10,000, in lieu and stead of certificate of
.said loan, numbered 11658, for $10,000 belong-
ing to him and lost while passing through the
mails; provided that said Spencer shall give
bond with surety to the satisfaction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, conditioned to indem-
nify the United States against all claim upon or
in respect to said first-mentioned certificate.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is_a matter which
ought to be considered and reported from the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. KELLOGG. I consulted with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Washbcrit,]
chairman of the Committee of Claims. It is
a different case from those up before. It is
not a registered bond, in lieu of a coupon bond,
but one registered bond in lieu of another regis-
tered bond. On consultation with the chair-
man of the Committee of Claims he consented,
under the circumstances, that the case should
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCHENCK. I must demand the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. DAWES. Howdid this case get before
the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. KELLOGG. By regular reference.
Mr. DAWES. By regular reference to this
committee instead of to the Committee of
Claims V
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir; on consultation
with the chairman of the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAWES. It was referred, I suppose,
under the rules.
Mr. KELLOGG. No, sir; but regularly
referred in the morning hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand this to be a
registered bond that has been lost.
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object, and demand the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House. *
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 301)
to correct an error in the enrollment of a joint
resolution therein named.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
A bill (S. No. 928) to settle the claim of
Foundry Methodist Episcopal Church, and for
other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 952) to amend an act entitled
"An acc granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military wagon-
road from Albany, Oregon, to the eastern
boundary of said State;
An act (S. No. 481) to provide for the ap-
pointment of a stenographer to the supreme
court of the District of Columbia ;
An act (S. No. 892) to provide for a build-
ing suited to the use of the post office and pen-
sion and revenue officers and the judicial offi-
cers of the United States in the city of Trenton,
New Jersey; and
An act (S. No. 594) to provide a government
for the District of Columbia.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. _ The regular order of
business is the consideration of a bill (H. R.
No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield for a morning hour?
Mr. SCHENCK. Just as the House prefers.
I waived the morning hour the other day, and
gentlemen took up two hours instead of one.
If it be desirable to get out of the way the bill
reported from the Committee on the Decline
of American Tonnage I will yield, on condition
that the gentleman from .Maine [Mr. Lynch]
will immediately call for the previous ques-
tion, and that by unanimous consent, at the
expiration of one hour, no matter what con-
dition the bill shall be in, it shall be laid aside
for the tax bill, which is the regular order. I
do not wish to yield for more than an hour.
Mr. DAWES. I trust the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will indicate to
the House that he will not give away the morn-
ing hour hereafter. Otherwise 1 may be obliged
to press him with reference to the appropria-
tion bills.
Mr. SCHENCK. I only propose to give it
away for this morning.
american commerce.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at seventeen minutes past eleven o' clock,
and the regular order is the'bill reported from
the special Committee on the Causes of the
Reduction of American Tonnage (H. R. No.
1889) to revive the navigation and commercial
interests of the United States. The Chair will
state the question. The original bill with sun-
dry amendments was pending, and the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Lynch,] representing
the committee, introduced a substitute, to
which two amendments were offered and were
pending. He made the proposition that the
original bill and the pending amendments to
it should be laid aside, and that the House
should proceed to act on the substitute. To
that objection was made; and the previous
question, when now moved, the Chair under-
stands, will apply to the original bill and all
the amendments, including the substitute of
the committee, which would necessarily be the
first voted on.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire also to have it
understood that at the end of the hour, if this
matter should extend so far, even if the gen-
tleman from Maine should then be on the floor,
the bill will go over.
The SPEAKER. The bill will in that case
go over until the morning hour to-morrow.
Such is the understanding of the Chair.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the bill
will not go over until another morning hour, to
stand in the way of all other business from
committees.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the bill runs over until
to-morrow, under no circumstances will I give
the morning hour to that bill, or to anything
else.
Mr. LYNCH. I now move the previous
question.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 67, noes 45; no
quorum votin".
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Lynch and Mr.
Archer.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes ninety-six, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to lay the bill and
substitute and all the amendments on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. Would a motion to recommit be in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It would not, after the
previous question has been seconded. The
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. LYNCHaddressedtheHousein remarks
which will be found in the Appendix. Before
he had concluded,
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
raise one question here. Can the gentleman
from Maine, under the rule, make two speeches
after the previous question has been ordered?
I do not wish to do anything unparliamentary
or discourteous, but it seems to me 
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman from Ohio
assented this morning, as I understood, to my
proposition that this bill should occupy the
morning hour this morning.
Mr. SCHENCK. What I meant was that
the bill should be voted on and disposed of.
I did not know that the gentleman from Maine
was going to repeat the argument he has made
before.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not intend to repeat
anything; but there are some explanations I
wish to make, and I had supposed I should be
treated as all other gentlemen have been treated.
I know the disposition of certain gentlemen
here 
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall insist on the dis-
position of this bill at the end of the hour,
whatever that disposition may be.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to yield to me for one moment.
Mr. LYNCH. For what purpose?
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man to correct one statement he has made.
Mr. CALKIN. I understood the gentleman
promised to yield to me after he had replied to
my colleague, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to pro-
pound a question to the Chair. I understood
that by the arrangement made this morning
the morning hour was to be devoted to dis-
posing of this bill, not debating it, so that
we may have it out of the way of the business
of other committees. If the morning hour is
now to be taken up with a debate, and a run-
ning debate at that, and another morning hour
to be occupied in voting on the bill and amend-
ments, we thereby consume two morninghonrs.
Mr. LYNCH. If I be allowed to conclude
I shall not occupy as much time as gentlemen
are occupying in interrupting me. This pro-
ceeding on the part of members, jumping up
all over the House and interrupting me when
I am closing debate on the bill, is something
entirely unprecedented.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman has "closed
debate" already two or three times.
Mr. LYNCH. No; I have not. The pre-
vious question was not sustained until thi3
morning.
Mr. SCHENCK. In order to test the ques-
tion, I raise a point of order.
Mr. COX. I raise the point of order that
the gentleman from Maine has the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciie^ck] raises a point of order and
will state it.
Mr. SCHENCK. My point of order is? that
the gentleman from Maine has already occu-
pied the hour allowed him for the purpose of
closing the debate; that he cannot have more
than one closing hour.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule.
The Clerk read from Barclay's Digest, as
follows:
"The right of the 'member reporting the meas-
ure toopen and close debate is not affected by an
order either for the previous question or that debate
snail ceaso in committcc. But he has only an hour
allowed by the rules to close the debate; and if after
