1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
sound law for my friends upon the other side
of the House.
In the case of Whyte vs. Harris, (same, page
2G3,) it was held that—
" Inspectors of an election are judges of the qual-
ifications of electors, and if they err without wrong
intent, the general result shall not be affected."
This was the minority report, and it was
adopted by the House.
111 the case of Flanders vs. Hahn, to which
reference has been made here to-day, it was
held that—
" A disregard of a mere directory provision of the
law cannot annul an election carried on with all the
essentials of an election and with perfoct fairness."
In the case of Bruce vs. Loan, (same, page
504,) it was held—
" That no ono should be vested with the right to
determine who are and who are not qualified voters
save those who are by law clothed with and by law
mado responsible forthe proper performance of that
duty."
And in the case of McHenry vs. Yeaman,
(same, page 550,) it was held—
"That occasional irregularities should not vitiate
an election."
Now, I have taken this general view of the
law and of the precedents set by Congress as
to the propriety of throwing out the polls in
these divisions. In the report of the majority
reference is made to the case of Myers vs.
MofFett. Now, what is the truth as to that
case? The Committee of Elections in that
case reported in favor of throwing out the vote
of two divisions in that district, and the House
adopted that report. Since that time, in a case
which has been alluded to here, these same
divisions came up before Judge Brewster for
review, and the court actually held that those
two polls were capable of being purged, and did
purge them, and refused to throw them out;
thus telling Congress that they had erred in
that respect.
I now come to the details of these various
objections to the vote of Dunbar township.
One of those objections is that a man named
William Speers was brought in to count the
tickets after the polls were closed by reason of
the absence through sickness of Mr. Hurst.
Mr. Speers, it appears, was not sworn, although
Mr. Hurst, the regularly elected inspector, sub-
sequently signed these returns. We do not
consider that the introduction of Mr. Speers
Bhould impair the validity of the poll. He did
not force himself in there ; he came there with
the concurrence of all the election officers, as
appears by the evidence of Mr. Collins, to whom
my friend has referred.
I cite the testimony of Mr. Collins, the Repub-
lican clerk:
"Question. Was anything said by any member of the
board about the impossibility of his discharging those
duties without being sworn ?
"Anrwer. Not that I remember of.
"Quettion. Was any objection made to Mr. Speers
acting as clerk by any member of the board?
"Awwer. I don't think there was."
In Blairus.Barrett( Contested-Election Cases
in Congress, page 311, Mr. Dawes making the
report adopted by the House) it was declared—
" The honest electors should not be disfranchised
and their voices stifled from a mere omission of the
officers of election to take the oath of office."
In Millikin vs. Fuller, (same, page 176,)
where the election officers were irregularly
chosen; as no fraud was alleged the election
was regarded as valid.
In the case of Alderman Boileau, in Philadel-
phia, (2 Parsons, page 603)—
" It was distinctly decided by the presiding judge,
King, that the omission of a clerk, called in under
the circumstances to qualify, is not an irregularity
as should induce the coijrt to set aside the election.
I think I have thus disposed of the objection
bearing upon this branch of the case.
The next objection is the absence of proper
ballot-boxes. In order that I may be accurate
on this point I wish to refer to what appears
in the testimony.
In the absence of the proper ballot-boxes it
is proven that a hat and a cigar-box were used
to deposit the votes in up to eleven o'clock
a. m., when the ballot-boxes were brought by
the magistrate, who should have had them at
hand at the opening of the poll, and then the
tickets were transferred from the hat and cigar-
box to the proper boxes. It nowhere appears
that any wrong was done in this transfer. It
was done by the two inspectors in the presence
of all the officers. The evidence of Mr. Joseph
E. Cramer, Republican, goes to show that there
was a conspiracy on the part of certain Repub-
licans to keep these ballot-boxes away, and
thus make it an illegal election because of the
use of the hat and cigar-box. The place of
concealment was known to these persons.^ If
the fact of the deposit of tickets in a hat is to
be taken as a cause for rejecting an entire poll,
then the same objection would apply against
the poll in Wharton township, where Mr.
Covode had a large majority. This point
appears to have been overlooked by the major-
ity of the committee. It does not appear that
any change was made during the day from hat
to ballot-box in this township.
It is objected that persons other than the
officers were allowed in the room during the
day. This circumstance to the mind of the
minority furnishes no indication of fraud. On
the contrary the minority hold that if any fraud
had been intended or attempted these persons
would have been studiously excluded from the
room.
It is further shown that in this township one
person of each political party was allowed in the
room in the capacity somewhat of a watcher,
so as to see that no unfairness was done in
reference to this vote. It seems to me that in
view of this fact alone there is not the slightest
justification in the world for the exclusion of
this poll.
Six more votes were found in the box than
appear upon the tally-list. This might easily
occur in a large poll like that of Dunbar town-
ship. It is not an unusual thing for such occur-
rences to result from the omission of the clerks
to write down all the names on the tally-list as
the election is proceeded with.
In the absence of any proof as to whom
these six votes were cast for we do not think
the discrepancy between the number of votes
in the box and the tally-list should be made to
operate against either party.
It is further alleged that a body of men, say
thirty in number, marched to the ground where
the election was held. If they did, it is no-
where shown that they were illegal voters.
Witnesses for Mr. Foster prove that they halted
some distance from the poll and went singly to
vote. There is not the slightest evidence of
any disorder, threats, or menaces on their part.
These men certainly had a right to come there
in a peaceable and orderly way. It is no un-
usual occurrence in country districts for voters
to come to the poll together in large numbers.
Teams and wagons are constantly used to carry
voters exceeding in number that proved iu
this case.
Now, as to the question of whisky being used
by the election officers, I am only going to say
that the whisky which was used seems to have
been common property, being paid for by the
election officers without reference to their polit-
ical opinions. I believe the whisky was used
by about all the officers except one gentleman^
who says he did not take any.
As to whether the intoxication of an election
officer is a sufficient reason for rejecting the
poll I cite the opinion delivered in the case
of Thompson vs. Ewing, (1 Brewster, p. 120,)
where it was declared—
" The mere intoxication of an officer is not a suffi-
cient reason for rejecting a poll."
Now, sir, I think I have dismissed, one by
one, the objections founded upon the conduct
of these election officers. I cannot see from
the beginning to the end any disposition on the
part of these officers to perpetrate fraud ; and
the illegal votes that have been objected to in
reference to this township have been purged by
a sort of compromise between the two reports.
The next branch of the case upon which the
majority of the committee seem to rely is that
with reference to Youngstown district. This ■
House is asked to disfranchise the citizens of
an entire district because an assessor did not
perform all the duties incumbent upon him. It
appears to the minority of the committee that
to throw out the entire vote of the district on
such a ground would be a stretch of power that
might at any time disfranchise the people of a
congressional district or abolish elections in a
State altogether.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
the duties of the assessor as defined by law.
The duty of the assessor was to take the list of
the taxable inhabitants of his district, make at
least two copies thereof, and put up said lists
in two public places inthe district, one of which
must be in the place of holding the general
election. It is admitted that this was done.
Further, it is made his duty to keep a list of
the taxables in his possession, subject to inspec-
tion at all reasonable times without charge. It
is admitted that this was done. Further, .he is
to attend at what is known as an extra assess-
ment, to be held between the 20th day of Au-
gust and prior to ten days before the second *
Tuesday in October, the day of the election,,
and at such time add the names of those quali-
fied who applied to be placed on the list of
taxables or voters. It is admitted that this
was done. He is then required to add the
names of all that were extra assessed to the
lists that he put up in the two public places iu
the district. It is admitted that this was done.
But the last requirement, that is, to make out
duplicates of these lists, and file one in the
county commissioner's office, and hand the
other to one of the inspectors of the election
before eight o'clock on the morning of said
election, was neglected to be done by the
assessor. And because of the neglect of this
one, and not the most material requirement,
having fulfilled every other duty incumbent on
him, and in so doing acting under the sanctity
of his official oath, the majority ask now to
reject this entire poll.
The assessor having neglected this part of
his duty, the election officers then turned their
attention to what they thought could best sup-
ply this omission. They naturally and prop-
erly went to the original list. Now, it seems
to me that the election officers did wisely in
this, inasmuch as by so doing they were not
required to disfranchise the electors of Youngs-
town on either side. Now, it seems to me thaf
the original paper from which the copy was
made, which copy was to be given to these
election officers—this original paper, it seems
to me, was to be preferred as being most cor-
rect and not likely to be mistranscribed. These
officers went to the primary paper, and pre-
ferred not to take this secondary paper for
their guidance.
All the citations of law and precedence made
in reference to Dunbar township in this report
have the same force and applicability to this,
the Youngstown district, and go to show the
illegality of rejecting the entire poll of either.
The force of the statement that the officers
of the election at the Youngstown district were
jilt Democrats, and that no Democrats were
challenged that day, is broken when the fur-
ther fact is shown that at this poll, as at Dun-
bar township, Republican watchers were pres-
ent during the entire day, and their presence
there was by the request of the Democratic elec-
tion officers. Does this indicate any fraudu-
lent purpose iu the conduct of that election?
i Could anything be fairer?
Objection is made by the majority of the
committee to the reception of the votes at the
Hempfield district, in Westmoreland county,
and South Union township, in Fayette county,
cast by persons who were inmates of the poor-
house or house of employment for said respect-
ive counties. On what tenable ground this
objection is made we are unable to determine.
These men were at the time of the election,
