1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2067
put down violence and wrong which the inhab-
itants there, if once made sensible by a touch
upon their pocket-nerve, of the wrongs that
they countenance and uphold, would unques-
tionably themselves suppress?
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Missouri one question : whether
lie knows that- it was upon the application of
the Governor of Tennessee that troops were
sent to that State ?
Mr. DRAKE. I do not. I have understood
so ; but this I do know, that the Governor of
North Carolina has applied to the President
for troops to be sent there, and I ask the Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] to let
me read to the Senate the letter and telegram
he has received from the Governor of that
State.
Air. FOWLER. I wish it understood that
I did not call in question the Senator's state-
ment, but i was not aware of the fact ho stated.
Mr. DRAKE. I take it simply as the pub-
lic has it. By permission of the honorable
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Pool,] I
desire that these two documents—first a letter
from the Governor of North Carolina, dated
the 14th, and second, a telegram from the Gov-
ernor, dated the 17th—may be read to the Sen-
ate from the Clerk's desk.
The Ghief Clerk read as follows:
Executive Department,
State op North Carolina,
■ Raleiqii, March 14,18T0.
To the Senators and Representatives in the Congress of
the United Slates from North Carolina :
Gentlemen: Ilis,ve bean compelled todeclarethe
county of Alamancein astate of insurrection. I have
sailed on the President for aid; but ho is restricted
by the right of the writ of habeas corpus. We want
military tribunals, by which assassins and murderers
can be tried and shot. But we cannot have these
tribunals unless the President of the United States
is authorized to suspend the writ of habeas corpus in
certain localities. Please aid in conferring this power
on the President, as the only effectual mode of pro-
tecting life and property in Alamance county and
other localities in this State.
Yours, respectfully,
W. W. ifOLDKN, Governor.
[Telegram.]
Raleigh, North Carolina, March IT, 1870.
Hon. J. C. Abbott, United States Senator :
What is being: done to protect good citizens in
Alamance county? We have Federal troops, but wc
want power to act. Is it possible the Government
will abandon its lo>ul peoplo to bo whipped and
hanged ? The habeas corpus should be at once sus-
pended. Will write to you to-morrow.
W. W. HOLX)EN, Governor.
Mr. DRAKE. That letter and that telegram
appeal to this Senate on behalf of this amend-
ment. They come from the Governor of a
State ; they are not the outside talk of the
Governor of a State such as gentlemen would
base the support of this Bingham amendment
on. They come as official communications,
and they state that the county of Alamance is
in a state of insurrection, and so declared.
Sir, the Senators from that State can tell what
is the character of that insurrection ; bauds
of men, as many as two hundred in number,
all masked, going to the houses of loyal men at
night, taking them out, whipping thorn to death,
or nearly so, hanging them, and the whole State
government of North Carolina powerless to
protect their people; the Governor powerless,
the United States troops there powerless, be-
cause of the presence of the writ of habeas
corpus! Sir, is it possible that the Senate of
the United States can look upon such a state-
ment as this and upon such a condition of out-
rage and wrong as that and not attempt to
apply a remedy? The remedy which I pro-
pose is within the constitutional province of
Congress. It provides for every contingency.
It authorizes the President to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus in any district which is in-
fested by these combinations of bad men, and
above all it lets the people of Alamance county,
who are encouraging and upholding these out-
rages, understand that out of their own pockets
is to come the cost of all this military array.
Now, ilr. President, I say to the Senate in
the utmost candor and sincerity that I enter-
tain the profound conviction that if this amend-
ment is adopted by the two Houses of Con-
gress the result will be the instantaneous dis-
bandment of all these organizations in the
southern States. I have talked with Senators
and others from there, and they all express the
opinion that just ones let the people there
understand that the marauders and murderers
who are traversing that region in a stealthy
and deadly march of midnight crime will be
brought to justice in this way, and that at the
cost of the people who countenance and uphold
them, as well as that of the loyal and peace-
able, and it will at once make every man, loyal
and disloyal, a conservator of the peace; all
countenance will be withdrawn by the rebel
element from the Kuklux organizations; and
the very moment that countenance is withheld
that organization will disband.
Sir, I hope that there will be no hesitation
in adopting this amendment. I hope there
will be no hesitation in our announcing to this
whole country that whatever measure of law
may be necessary to put an end at once and
forever to every manifestation of violence, such
as exists in these southern States will command
the unanimous approbation of the Senate of
the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
but a word to say in regard to this amendment.
So far as it i3 necessary to bring into requisi-
tion the military power of the United States
to suppress an insurrection in any of the States
of the Union too formidable to be overcome
by the ordinary process ofjudicial proceedings,
the law is at present ample on the statute-book.
What goes beyond that in the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri is so monstrous to
be adopted in a time of peace that I shall con-
tent myself with simply asking for the yeas and
nays upon the proposition.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I think the
honorable Senator from Illinois will find that
the amendment cannot be squelched by an
adjective.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us havethe yeas and
nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Missouri is on the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. You will get them in time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not know whether
we should or not.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly you will get them at
the end of my speech, and that will come some
time or other; but it is very doubtful indeed
when the Senator from Vermont gets the
floor whether it ever will come. [Laughter.]
" Too monstrous," says the Senator from Illi-
nois, "in a time of peace." Mr. President,
to be sure there is not now flagrant war in this
country ; and so far as regards the declaration
of war, the marshaling of armed forces, the
sound of the cannon and the beat of the drum
over the land, it is a time of peace; but there
are localities in the South where there is no
peace. There are localities there where there
will be no peace until you make the disloyal,
mutinous, and criminal population there feel
the consequences of their rets.
Sir, is that a time of peace when the Gov-
ernor of Tennessee and the Governor of North
Carolina both have to call upon the President
for armies to suppress domestic violence ? Sir,
the Senator from Illinois knows that it is not
a time of peace. If he knows anything about
the condition of the southern country, as I
suppose of course he does, he knows that it is
not a time of peace. And, sir, I deny the
proposition of the Senator altogether when he
says that the present powers of the Executive
are amply sufficient. They would be sufficient
if it were an insurrection armed and organized
in open day. They would be sufficient if the
people there had to feel the power of the Gov-
ernment. Mr. President, why is this amend-
ment so ''monstrous?'' The loyal people
there will jump at the chance of paying their
share of the expenses of the military detach-
ment sent to protect them. Every one of them
will rejoice that you will send a company or a
battalion or a regiment of troops to protect
them. I hey will be glad to contribute their
part toward paying the expenses of it. Is it
"monstrous" to them then? Is it a monstrous
injury to them to bear the expense of their own
protection in life and property ? No, sir; it is
only "monstrous" to make the rebels con-
tribute toward it. That is the monstrosity, I
suppose, which strikes so heavily upon the
sensorium of the honorable chairman of the
Judiciary Committee.
Now, Mr. President, I hope the yeas and
nays will be taken. We shall see who can be
beaten down in the Senate Chamber from
doing that which is right by a portentous
adjective hurled by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I have risen
to say to the honorable Senator from Missouri
that he need not feel at all uneasy about the
yeas and nays on this question. They would
have been called for if the Senator Irom Illi-
nois had not done the Senate the favor of call-
ing for them himself. I am ready to vote for
this proposition, although it may seem mon-
strous to the Senator from Illinois. I am ready-
to vote for propositions still more monstrous
in his view, which shall strike the rebels and
strike them hard, and keep striking them until
they surrender to the authority of the United
States. I want the yeas and nays on this
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays are called for on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall detain the Senate
but a few minutes ; and I rise simply to express
my firm conviction that this proposition, while
it is indefensible in itself, ought to be the
groundwork of some legislation to put down
lawless combinations of men in the southern
States. I have intelligence upon which I can
rely that armed organized bands, controlling
the local authorities, bearing down all law, led
by violent men, men who were deserters and
armed soldiers of the rebellion, absolutely rule
over many counties in the southern States. I
think that in addition to the law as it now
stands, some provision should be made to put
down this lawless violence, if necessary by mil-
itary power.
The proposition submitted by the Senator
from Missouri goes far beyond any proposition
that probably will prevail in the Congress of
the United States. I could not vote for two or
three clauses of his amendment, although I do
most heartily sympathize with the object he has
in view. That clause which authorizes asergeaut
or a corporal or a lieutenant or a captain to go
and levy forced contributions upon a whole
community, without any power of revision or
any power of control, is in violation, if not of
the letter, of the spirit of the Constitution. The
Constitution declares that in time of peace even
a soldier shall not be quartered upon a citizen ;
but here a soldier is authorized to levj contri-
butions without limit or restraint, to the whole
extent of the property of the citizen.
Now, Mr. President, what I think ought to
be done, and I prefer that it should be done
after careful examination on the report of a
committee is, first, to confer upon the Presi-
dent of the United States, if thatis necessary,
authority to suspend the writ of habeas corpus
in regions that are declared by the Legislature,
or by the Governor of a State when the Legis-
lature is not in session, to be in a state of insur-
rection. 1 am inclined to think that that power
ought to be expressly conferred upon the Presi-
dent, because I had always maintained that,
under the Constitution, the President had no
power of himself to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, but that that power must be conferred
upon him by Congress.
Further than that, I would make any muni-
cipal organization, any city, town, county, or
township responsible for every injury done by
