1870.
HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3955
having occupied part of the hour in closing he moves
the previous question and it is seconded, ho is then
entitled toso much of the hour as lie has not already
occupied."
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] to occupy
an hour oti last Thursday iu closing debate
prior to the call of the previous question. Was
the Chair correct 111 that?
Mr. LYNCLI. He was not correct.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly he
was.
Mr. LYNCH. The previous question was
not ordered until this morning.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman demanded
the previous question 011 last Thursday.
Mr. LYNCH. I will not undertake to dis-
cuss these nice points which gentlemen are
raising, but I ask the Chair whether it is not
too late to raise the point of order after I have
been recognized and iiave gone on for some
time-—whether I am not to be considered as
proceeding by unanimous consent? I ask the
Speaker to rule upon that point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hold that
the point is not too late, although he appealed
to the gentleman from Ohio not to raise the
question against the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. LYNCH. If the Speaker decides that
I am not in order and there is objection to my
going on, very well. I should have closed by
this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the gentleman from Ohio insists
upon the gentleman from Maine taking his
seat.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not anxious if he
has but little to say. My understanding was
that we were to dispose of this bill, and not
occupy an hour in debate.
Mr. LYNCH. If the debate had been al-
lowed to take the usual course I should proba-
bly have concluded before this.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the point of
order.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish, Mr. Speaker, to call
the attention of the House to some of the pro-
posed amendments. I understand all this sort
of opposition. It does not rise here ; I under-
stand where it originates and the purpose of it.
I understand it is a proceeding which has never
been had in this House. This point of order
has never been made when these gentlemen
have had their bills up. I understand that
such a proceeding is entirely unprecedented.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] is that we
shall reduce the duties from twenty to twenty-
five per cent, when goods are imported in
American bottoms.
Mr. SCHENCK. What does the gentleman
from Maine mean when he talks about " under-
standing where this point of order originates?"
Mr. LYNCH. I do not propose to go into
a discussion. I withdraw it.
Mr. SCHENCK. You had better withdraw
it. I denounce it as discourteous and indecent.
Mr. LYNCH. There is 110 discourtesy to
the gentleman. He is altogether too sensitive.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is to impute to me
motives of being influenced by persons behind
me.
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw it to prevent
these interruptions and to save time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have acted on this bill
with reference to my own judgment, not having
discussed it even with anybody in or out of the
House.
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw all I have said,
and that will save time. I want to call the
attention of the House to the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bt't-
lek,J which proposes a reduction of duties
from twenty to twenty-five per cent, when
goods are imported in American bottoms. The
effect of that will be inevitable, first, to throw
all our imports into American vessels and all
our exports into foreign vessels ; and next, that
a discrimination will be made against American
vessels by foreign Governments, and the^ large
part of our tonnage between the colonies of
Great Britain and France will be excluded and
thrown into competition with our vessels en-
gaged in the carrying trade between our own and
foreign nations. Another effect will be to reduce
the revenue $36,000,000, and the gentleman
proposes no substitute by which that amount
of revenue will be raised in any other way.
I wish to call attention to another amend-
ment, and that is that this bill shall apply only
to vessels above one thousand tons. The
average of vessels engaged in foreign trade over
one thousand tons amounts to not more than
five per cent, of the tonnage of the United
States, while the vessels under one thousand
tons amount to over forty per cent. Nearly
eighty per cent, of vessels are less than seven
hundred tons burden. Yet gentlemen come in
here with an amendment which would entirely
exclude, or nearly exclude, from the benefits
of this bill the whole ship-building interest of
the country. But, sir, the interruption of gen-
tlemen, which I consider unfair, will compel
me to yield the floor and ask for a vote. I
will yield, however, first to my colleague, [Mr.
Peters.]
Mr. PETERS. I am not in the habit of
'"boring" the House. I only want a minute
or a minute and a half. 1 wish to make an
appeal to this House not to adopt the amend-
ment to give these drawbacks to vessels only
of one thousand tons burden and over. Since
our adjournment I have been looking over the
list of vessels, of which as an executor and
party interested I have some knowledge, and
I find that there are nine foreign-going vessels
in which I have an interest and over which I
have a eare, not one of which is four hundred
tons, and not one of which was ever engaged
in the coasting trade. If youadoptthe amend-
ment of two thousand tons, I tell the House
that nineteen twentieths of the foreign trade
will fall under it. If you adopt the amend-
ment of one thousand tons, a very large ma-
jority of the foreign trade will fall under it.
Why, sir, the trade in which a vessel is em-
ployed is not a test of her size. The very
largest vessels are engaged in the trade from
Boston and New York to San Francisco, which
is a coasting trade. And the very smallest
vessels, new, staunch, and well fitted, go from
our coasts to the West Indies, the Mediter-
ranean, and to all the South American ports,
and are engaged in the provincial trade. But
I say it would be a most unjust and unfair dis-
crimination to say to the great capitalists of
Boston and New York, "If you wish to build
your large vessels of over one thousand tons
you shall have every encouragement, but the
mechanics of Maine shall have no drawbacks
011 their vessels of two or three hundred tons."
I say it is most unjust to draw the line by ton-
nage. And if this amendment is adopted, by
which the larger capitalists shall be enabled to
build larger vessels, and the smaller ones be
denied the privilege of building smaller ves-
sels, which go just as much into the foreign
trade, 1 will vote against the bill with much
pleasure, and will hope that it shall not pass
in that shape. But give us the first and sec-
ond sections, striking out the proviso, if that
is the sense of the House, and I tell you you
will encourage the building of ships large and
small, you will increase our tonnage, and if
you do something indirectly for the coasting
trade you will do much for "the foreign trade.
1 now yield to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] for two minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to any
further yielding.
Mr. COX. I have not yet said a word upon
this bill, and I shall not occupy over one or two
minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then after two
minutes I shall object to any further debate on
this bill.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I offered my amend-
ment to strike out all after the twelfth line in the
first section of the substitute, as I offered the
amendment to strike out the proviso, from no
hostility to the object of this bill. The gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Lynch] knows very well
that in 1868 1 had the honor of making a visit
to his State, in which I labored in vain to ad-
vance the interests of the Democratic party
there upon the ground that the Republican
party was not caring for the ship-building busi-
ness. You, Mr. Speaker, know very well how
signally I failed to impress the people of Maine
with my ideas.
I went into the ship-yards of Maine, from
Kittery to Bath, all along their borders, and
found but one expression of opinion, and that
was that the ship-building interest of that
State, the building of wooden vessels, had been
stricken down, because of the bad tariff system,
which levied heavy duties on the constituent ele-
ments entering into the construction of ships.
I had no occasion at that time nor have I had
any since to doubt the propriety of the princi-
ple embodied in the first and second sections.
I would prefer, of course, to strike off these
duties directly rather than by rebate or draw-
back. But in the first and second sections
there are at least allowed a rebate and a draw-
back on all material—except copper, which
somehow is left out—-entering into the con-
struction of a ship to an amount equal to the
du'ties. Yet, by a singular proviso, in the
clause following the twelfth line of the first
section of the substitute, the people of this
country are to be taxed, not for revenue, but
to pay an amount equivalent to the duties on
all American materials, copper included, enter-
ing into the construction of the vessel. This
is a discrimination, a subsidy, a gift out of the
Treasury, with no element of revenue in con-
nection with it. Therefore, if the gentleman
would save his bill he will strike out all after the
twelfth line, or strike out this proviso, and it
will substantially do something, in my judg-
ment, for this suffering shipping interest. That
is all I have to say.
Mr. LYNCH. I will yield now to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Wells.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 object toany
further debate.
Mr. LYNCH. Then I simply wish to say
with reference to this proviso 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 object to fur-
ther debate. I do not want to be unjust to
any one. I supposed my friend from Maine
had got through.
Mr. LYNCH. Well, I have not got through.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I objectto fur-
ther debate on this bill. I raise the question
of order.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to debate?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman objects
absolutely, the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lynch] cannot proceed.
Mr. LYNCH. Is that the ruling of the
Chair?
The SPEAKER. It is the ruling of the
Chair.
Mr. LYNCH. Then I ask for a vote on the
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object, for the
purpose of bringing the House to a vote.
Mr. LYNCH. Well, I hope the ruling will
be uniform in this regard.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on
the amendment in the nature of a substitute
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boiler,] which will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
JOe it enaetedbp the Senate rind House of Represe&fa*
lives of the United States of America in. Gong reus ast^n-
bled, That alter the 1st dayof October, iu the year
1870, all goods and merchandise upon the importation
of which tho United States are not prombiled uv
treaty from imposing discriminating or uji|ci«utita
duties shall be charged a rate ot customs duties v.1ayn
imported in American wooden vessels Pel
less, and iu American iron vessels   per cen t. leas
than if imported m a foreign vessel. „ • * t
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, J hat the Pre.
of the United States be, and hereby is, autl loru.A
and reauested to give notice to cacti iuaon 11..)-
ing conventions or treaties of commerce with no
United States which prohibit the imposition ol d, -
criminationg or differential duties upon unpolled
