1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4899
the sun, Hon. David Heatox, representing
the second congressional district of North
Carolina in the other House, breathed his last.
In accordance with a custom long ago estab-
lished I rise to put on these records a tribute
to his memory. And this offering is rendered
by me not merely in accordance with form and
not merely in ceremony, but from the fulness
of kindly feeling derived from long-established
friendship.
The record of his life is not startling nor
eventful. He was born in the year 1823, in
the county of Hamilton, Ohio, of parents who
had immigrated from Virginia. What were
his early experiences and struggles I do not
kno%v ; but he was bred to the law, and in 1855,
at the age of thirty-two, appeared in the Ohio
senate. In 1857 he appeared in the senate of
Minnesota, where he served three terms. In
1863 he was appointed special agent of the
Treasury Department and United States depos-
itary, to be stationed at Newbern, in North Car-
olina. At the close of the war he was chiefly
instrumental in establishing the First National
Bank of Newbern, of which he became pres-
ident. He was the author of the first Repub-
lican platform adopted in North Carolina,
which series of resolutions, embodying prin-
ciples, have been reiterated by each general
Republican convention of that State down to
the present time, so that they are to this day a
part of our principles.
In 1867 he was a member of the constitu-
tional conventionof North Carolina, held under
the reconstruction acts, and at the first elec-
tion was chosen to Congress from the Pamlico
district; beingalso reelected for the next term,
and at the time of his death being the nominee
for still a third term, having been designated
by a unanimous vote in the nominating con-
vention.
My first acquaintance with Colonel IIeatox
was at Wilmington, in the summer of 1805,
while he was in the civil, as I was in the mili-
tary service of the Government. It was at
that great epoch when the sun-browned veter-
ans of Sherman were sweeping northward, and
when the dissolving legions of Lee were scat-
tering southward. Soon came the tragedy at
Ford's theater, the capture of Davis, and the
dissolution of the confederacy. Sabers were
sheathed, armaments were mute, and armies
were idle; but to Americans it was a period of
intense and anxious thought, wherein years
were condensed into days.
I, a soldier, found in him, a civilian, a con-
genial spirit. Often, under those fervid suns,
we trod together that feverish earth, and in the
red glow of evenings, surrounded by broken
battalions, discussed results. Tall, elegant,
sensitive, delicate, almost courtly in manners,
while even then disease had printed its mark
upon his face, he was looking out toward the
future and revolving the means by which the
populations of the South could be restored to
peace and prosperity. Thereafter holding inter-
course with him not unfrequent, we both met
in the constitutional convention at Raleigh.
My room at the hotel adjoined his, and my seat
in the provincial capitol was next to his. We
were together on several committees and con-
stantly mingling in deliberations; and I can
bear testimony to his intelligence, to his untir-
ing industry, and to his indefatigable persist-
ency in enforcing his opinions. In that body
he was chairman of the committee on the bill
of rights, and was the author of that portion of
the constitution. He was also chairman of the
committee on revision, and to his care that
instrument owes much of its correctness and ;
symmetry. His distinctive intellectual charac-
teristics were industry and perseverance. He
neverintermitted research when necessary; and
when in possession of a subject in detail, he
spared no pains in presenting it. Not learned
after the manner of the schools, not eloquent
as genius is eloquent, yet his opinions were
always expressed clearly and logically, and in
debate he often arose to that vigorous expres-
sion and declamation which are akin to elo-
quence.
He acquired information, possibly not with
extraordinary rapidity, but certainly with great
accuracy; and his facts were always closely
analyzed, compared, and collated. Conse-
quently he seldom made mistakes, but was
always a good adviser ; consequently, also, he
was cautious, and scrutinized closely before he
assumed position; but when once convinced no
man was more fearless. His brain was honest
with itself, and forced no conclusions. For all
the trumpery of the demagogue he entertained
supreme contempt.
Scarcely can he bp spared now from that
phalanx where he has long stood; now, when
new troubles brood over southern affairs; now,
when misconception and its offspring, misrep-
resentation, have gone abroad concerning us,
and when we have to fight our enemies on the
one side and our political associates on the
other. May God, who giveth all things, send
new champions in his stead !
His disease, as I have intimated, was of long
standing. Long years he has confronted it
only to see it encroach still more. At last he
has passed away, quietly as to a sleep, leaving
as his last mementoes those broken ejaculations
of the dying couch, which in themselves epit-
omize his life. In his latest breathings he sent
out prayers and benedictions toward his peo-
ple, and especially toward those whom he, as
I do, always regarded as the nation's wards; I
mean the colored people.
He was also buoyed up in his last hours by
the consolations of the Cbristain faith, in
which he had always firmly believed.
His remains are to be deposited, at his own
request, in the national cemetery at Newbern,
so that he will sleep surrounded by those who
fell in defense of their country and with the
national flag perpetually waving above him.
Thus is borne to the grave one who faithfully
filled his place on earth. Peaceful be that
sleep ! Marble or bronze may not perpetuate
his name, but the green mound above his dust
shall preserve him in our memories in ever-
lasting green.
Sir, I offer for adoption the following res-
olutions:
Resolved, That tlie Senate has received with pro-
found sensibility the announcement of the untimely
death of Hon. David IIeatox, late a member of the
House of Representatives from the State of North
Carolina.
liesolved. That from a sincere desire of showing
every mark of respect for the memory of Hon.
David IIeatox, the members and officers of the
Senate will go into mourning by the usual mode of
wearing crape on the left arm.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be_ di-
rected to communicate a cony of these ro?olutions
to the family of the deceased.
Itesoloed, That as a further mark of respect to the
memory of Mr. huaton.the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, Hon. David
Hbaton was the adopted son of North Caro-
lina. The valuable services which he rendered
the State are not only impressed upon the
hearts of its people, hut are recorded in those
progressive and liberal features of its constitu-
tion, so largely the work of his enlightened
conception and well-directed labors. So con-
spicuous was the part which he took in shap-
ing the transition from the old order of things
that his name must he forever associated with
some of the wisest and most distinctive pro-
visions of the fundamental law under which
the State has started upon a new career of civil
and political equality between all the citizens.
It is not disparaging to the many other wise
and able members of the constitutional con-
vention of ISoT to give this prominence to the
services of Daviu Hiutox. He seemed to 1
comprehend clearly and fully the situation of
affairs, and to view it more with reference to
the future than the present. No one was more
firm and resolute in carrying out the policy
indicated by the national Government relating
to the reconstruction of the insurgent States,
and no one more fully approved the wisdom
of that policy or more earnestly urged the
necessity of its enforcement. But he treated
it not as a temporary expedient to meet the
exigencies arising out of the social and polit-
ical revolution wrought by the results of the war.
He believed it to be founded upon the most
correct principles of. government, and upon _
the highest considerations of human happiness ~
and of moral, intellectual, and material eleva-
tion and progress. It was not the present
generation alone, nor a single State or section,
but posterity and the ultimate good and glory
of his country, that seemed involved in the
labor before him. Hence, he entered scarcely
at all into the prejudices and animosities of
the times, but pressed with all his might those
features of elevated liberality and comprehen-
sive forethought which characterize the con-
stitution formed by the convention of which
he was so distinguished a member.
The appreciation of his character and ser-
vices was manifested by the singular unanimity
with which he was returned to the Fortieth
Congress, and again to the Forty-First, and
again by a unanimous nomination to the Forty -
Second Congress. Of his services in the Legis-
latures of Ohio and Minnesota I am not able to
speak, except as indicating the high esteem
which his ability and character challenged
wherever he became known. As a member
of Congress his modest and unobtrusive dispo-
sition forbade"his active participation in those
exciting and stirring debates which always
attract public attention at the time, and divert
it from bestowing more deserved honor upon
true merit and usefulness. But no one can care-
fully consider his congressional career without
being struck with the exalted integrity, the
singleness of purpose, and the marked_.and
discriminating ability with which he discharged
his duties as a Representative of the people.
Purity, benevolence, and charity, rendered
useful by active diligence and firmness against
wrong, were the prominent features of his
character—a character which all must honor,
and which will live in usefulness by the force
of its example, and yield its fruits when his
name shall have ceased to be heard among
men.
I claim it as honorable to my native State,
whose people have ever been distinguished for
plain honesty and practical virtue, that they
were not slow to appreciate and honor such a
man. It is to the praise of any people to honor
gentleness and virtue; but such praise is more
eminently due to those who, amid the violence
and demoralization of civil war, still preserved
their admiration for such traits of character.
As in almost every other State, so in North
Carolina, some of the brightest names in its his-
tory are of those who were its citizens, not by the
accident of birth, but by the intelligent choice
of mature manhood. Nor are they less hon-
ored for that, nor less our own. North Caro-
lina claims them as Kentucky claims Henry
Clay, as Massachusetts claims Daniel Webster.
To the roll of our illustrious dead is added the
name of David Heatox. It must ever be indis-
solubly connected with the history of the State,
and rendered peculiarly prominent because
of the character of the events in which he was
an actor.
But no one State can appropriate the fame
and the example of those of our countrymen
who become illustrious for public services and
exalted virtue. State lines are nothing. As
the whole country is the common inheritance
of American freemen, so is the fame of such
men the common glory of the nation. Long
will North Carolina remember and honor the
name of her adopted son, and point to his life
and character with pride and praise._ He lived
a life of usefulness and virtue. He died as only
the pure and good can die.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, during the
residence of Mr. IIeatos at St. Authony's
Falls, in the State of Minnesota, from 1857 to
18G3, it was my privilege to know him inti-
mately and to be associated with him in the
