2068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
an unlawful band upon any citizen or stranger
within the limits of that county, township, or
city. In other words, I would revive the old
law of the English hundred, which made the
hundred responsible for an act of lawless vio-
lence upon any citizen within its limits, I
think that Congress ought to provide now, by
law, that in counties where lawless violence
prevails, where the authorities are overthrown,
where Kuklux Klan wander in armed bands
concealed and disguised, and commit acts of
atrocity and violence, the communities that
tolerate such conduct shall be responsible in
damages to the full extent of the law.
There is nothing in the Constitution that will
prevent this. Every community where such
things exist ought to be made civilly respons-
ible to the fullest extent for every injury or
detention to a citizen. We know as a matter
of daily occurrence that such outrages are
being committed. I heard only the other day
of a case where in Tennessee armed bodies of
men went through the whole of a railroad train
hunting a citizen who, in order to avoid arrest,
detention, and perhaps murder, was disguised
by his fellow-passengers, none of them betray-
ing him.
Sir, "cansuchthingsbe?" Shall such things
be permitted in a free country like ours'/ If
it was necessary, in order to put down such
violence, I would even trample upon the rights
of the citizens there, I would make such a
community responsible, I would plant soldiers
in their midst. It seems to mo some wise pro-
vision might be made to prevent this violence.
Another tiling: 1 would authorize the arming
of tbo muitia, und the employment of that
militia by the local authorities, in order to put
down this lawless violence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator pro-
pose to put soldiers into a household in lime
of peace?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 said 1 would not: it
would be a violation of law; but I would plant
soldiers in every community that allowed such
things to bo done. What is this Government
worth, what is your Constitution worth, what
are your laws worth, if bands may wander
around by day or night, disguised or not dis-
guised, to rob and plunder and murder? If
this Government is not poweif'ul enough to put
down these things we ought to know it. 1
believe it has the power. We have the clear
right under the Constitution, first, to employ
this Army, and second, to employ the militia
ot the Statej and I think there ought, to be
provisions ol law by which Governor Bullock,
us the Governor of the State ol Georgia during
tho time for which he was legally elected, not
during tho tinio for which he was not elected,
could call upon the President i'or power, and
that the President should be authorized to call
upon the militia; and if we must have war
again in Georgia against this ICuklux Klan and
this lawless violence, lot it bo a war where it
will be arms against arms; and not as now, a
band of armed marauders against a peaceful
community, who are disarmed and at their
mercy.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to make a suggestion to him just
there ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to enter
into the argument, and I trust the Senator
will wait until I get through.
Mr. DRAKE. I simply wish to make a sug-
gestion in connection with the point tho Senator
hasjustmade. Itisthis: how are armed men
in any locality in that region to deal with a
band of midnight assassins whom they never
can overtake or apprehend in their military
organization?
Sir. SHERMAN. I would make the com-
munity in which sueh things are done respons-
ible for whatever is done. There is nothing
to prevent this. Is there anything to prevent,
either in law or morais, either in the Consti-
tution of our country or the constitution of a
State, a community or municipal corporation
from being responsible for injury done by force
or violence in that community?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is frequently done
under State laws.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; and it ought
to be done. I believe Congress under its power
to pat down armed rebellion, under its power
to put down insurrection, when called upon by
the local authorities of the State, has, in aid
of that power, the right to make these com-
munities or municipal corporations respons-
ible, and even the State responsible.
I do not wish to enter into this argument. I
have listened to it with patience so far as my
time would allow. 1 confess that this matter,
as one of Dickens's characters says, is in a
good deal of a muddle, and I do not precisely
see my way through. I want to do all I can
to protect the loyal people of Georgia without
violating my oath to support the Constitution
of the United States and without doing any-
thing that will trample upon tho theory of
republican institutions. What wo ought to
do, in my judgment, is to provide additional
guards by law such as I have indicated to pro-
tect the people of Georgia from the lawless
violcnco that prevails there in common with
many of the other southern States. But tho
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri contains provisions which, in my judg-
ment, not only would not tend to that result,
butaro in palpable violation of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. CARPENTER. I shall vote against
the amendment offered by tho Senator from
Misssouri. I wish, however, in this connec-
tion, to say that I do not quite agree with tho
chairman of the Judiciary Committee in regard
to the law in its present form being adequate
for the cases that are arising in. the southern
States, and I think upon a moment's rellection
he will see himself that they are not so, and
that they need immediate revision; and I trust
they will receive it at our hands speedily.
lu the first place, nothing is better known
than the jealousy with which our fathers looked
upon the authoiity of the Federal Government
wherever it was to be exercised within the
limits of the States; and in the early legisla-
tion on this subject tho power of the General
Government to interfere is regulated with so
many restrictions and restraints as to be prac-
tically inapplicable to the present condition of
tilings. For instance, the President can only
interfere to suppress insurrection in a State
wlion called upon by the Legislature of the
State, or by tho Executive when the Legis-
lature cannot be convened. Now, the very
difficulty, the very insurrection may have started
in the Legislature, and they will not make the
application to the President.
Again, the President, when applied to and
when disposed to interfere with troops, must,
under the law as it now stands; issue a procla-
mation requiring the insurgents within a given
time to lay down their arms; and without such
proclamation it is illegal for him to interfere
to suppress the violence. Against these clans
of marauders in the South a proclamation that
they must lay down their arms within thirty
days, when they only assemble for a revel to-
night, would of course be a mere farce. Our
law in that respect needs immediate revision,
and I trust will receive it.
At the same time, the amendment offered by
the Senator from Missouri is so entirely harsh
in its operation, and in so many respects goes,
I will not say beyond the necessity, but falls
entirely short of a judicious regulation on the
subject, that I shall vote against his amendment,
although I earnestly hope that the subject will
receive the speedy attention of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I am very
clear in my convictions that the existing law
does not meet the requirements of the day.
Precisely what should be the law of the pres-
ent time I am not prepared to say; but the
line indicated by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] it seems to me, is one which we
may adopt as a theory, and upon which we can
construct a system of legislation that shall meet
the'case. 'The object of the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] meets my
approbation. The phraseology and the scope
of that amendment, it seems to me, would ad-
dress itself to the judgment of very few Senators
here. While I do not denominate it as " mon-
strous," I say it is such a proposition as I think
could command very few votes in this body.
Now, sir, I do not apprehend that there is any
just hope of obtaining a vote on this question
to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can vote on this point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On this proposition.
Mr. HAMLIN. Not with my view of the
matter, which I propose to suggest. It may
perhaps be better done in legislation by itself,
but I would incorporate it in this very bill;
and I think if we adjourn now, those who feel
an interest in the bill, who are engineering it,
may prepare such an amendment and have it
submitted to this bill as will meet our approval.
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to occupy the floor
for a moment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will withdraw my motion
if the Senator will renew it.
Mr. FOWLER. Yes, sir. I shall very heart-
ily concur in any appropriate or proper meas-
ure that may be adopted for the purpose of
suppressing violence in the southern States.
I rose simply to correct a statement of the
Senator froaa Ohio. 1 think he made amistake.
lie stated that marauders had passed through
a railroad train in Tennessee. I learn that a
certain affair of that kind took place in Alabama
near the borders of Tennessee, not in Tennessee.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may be so.
Xvlr. FOWLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before putting
the question on that motion the Chair will re-
ceive a message from the House of Represent-
atives.
message i?ko.u tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. Ii. No. 475) to extend tho time
for tho presentation of claims for additional
bounty, under act of July 28, 1806 ;
A bill (H. II. No. 1519) to enable Ann M.
Rodefer, administratrix of Joseph Rodefer,
deceased, to make application for the extension
of letters-patent for an improvement in bed-
stead fastenings ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1550) for the relief of John
Murphy;
A bill (H. R. No. 1551) for the relief of
Samuel Gardiner, jr.; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 197) for tho
relief of George S. Atkinson, late assistant
quartermaster of volunteers.
house bills referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Patents:
A bill (H. R._No. 1549) to enable Ann M.
Rodefer, administratrix of Joseph Rodefer,
deceased, to make application for the exten-
sion of letters-patent for an improvement in
bedstead fastenings ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1550) for the relief of
John Murphy j and
A bill (H. R. No. 1551) for the relief of
Samuel Gardiner, jr.
The following bill and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs :
A bill (II. R. No. 475) to extend the time
for the presentation of claims for additional
bounty under act of July 28, 1866 ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 197) for the
relief of George S. Atkinson, late assistant
quartermaster of volunteers.
