110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Ho. of Beps.
Naval Expenditures, <&c.—Mr. Cox.
41st Cong....'2d Sess.
ident to assist or supervise him should be per-
mitted to embark in such schemes without
proper legislation. Goat Island, in Narragan-
sett bay, near Newport, will furnish pleasant
shore places to favorites at the public expense;
and those who seem to suppose that the great
end of Government, and the first duty of the
country is to support naval officers on high
pay, with little duty, in pleasant places, may
justify this extraordinary proceeding.
If Congress and the country may be per-
mitted to know, it would be gratifying to be
informed how much this new department,
established by order of the Secretary of the
Navy on Goat Island, near Newport, has cost
the Government in its incipient state; how-
much has already been expended to begin
with; how many persons have been employed
there, and the names and salaries of each.
This institution is as yet only in its infancy,
but these children all have rapid growth, and
soon become giants whom it is difficult to
govern.
Great pains have been taken to conciliate
the officers and reconcile them to the Vice Ad-
miral's management and to his superintendence
of the Department. There are certain rules
and technicalities in the administration of the
Navy that members of Congress imperfectly
understand. Abuses therefore creep in una-
wares. Officers now receive orders to their
homes which gives them duty pay. It is a new
load on the Treasury. Officers off duty return-
ing from foreign stations are allowed sea pay
and sea service; another innovation at the
public expense. Post admirals have been es-
tablished at the principal sea-ports, with a
steamer and staff, a pretty place; on full pay,
and all very expensive. This is another in-
road on the Treasury, wholly useless. Boards
of survey, boards ofinspection of various kinds,
boards to visit navy-yards, boards to revise the
pension laws, &c., have been ordered, giving
pleasant berths and full pay to favorites, who
are in Washington on nominal duty and lobby-
ing for a board of survey, a pet scheme of
certain officers who prefer shore to sea duty.
As a matter of course the officers are very glad
to receive pecuniary benefits, to have their
money matters easy and pleasant, to receive
full pay when on leave and going home.
No civilian Secretary has ever allowed these
things until President Grant placed an officer
in the Department to do them. This officer
and his friends wish to establish a " board of
admiralty," or, to soften matters, it is called a
" board of survey," an advisory board which
is to be a fixture in the Department in the
interest of the Navy at the expense of the Gov-
ernment and country. It is a very cunningly
contrived machine, which is to watch oppor-
tunity to favor the craft, put in perquisites, give
place and position to professional men who
have been educated for the sea and received
their appointments to perform duty afloat. A
board of survey would furnish a permanent
station in the saloons of the Washington hotels,
and in the civil administration of the Navy
Department for men holding life offices and
pensioned for life. What would be the effect
of such an incubus? The officers composing
the board would have no responsibility, and but
little to do except to be on the watch to favor
their class. Vice Admiral Porter and other
naval officers are not wanted in Washington.
The Navy Department had no boards of ad-
mirals to embarrass it during the war. It is
better without such a board in peace.
Until the recent changes our country and
the world supposed we had a Navy of which
we might be proud. It had performed great
and efficient service during our civil war. It
had blockaded our long coast of over three
thousand miles for four years; had patrolled
our extensive rivers and cooperated with and
protected our armies; had often saved them
from defeat, as General Grant can attest at
Belmont and at Shiloh, and given them victory,
as at Vicksburg and Fort Fisher. It had cap-
tured §30,000,000 worth of prizes, which were
condemned by the courts, $14,000,000 of which
have been turned into the Treasury and con-
stitutes the naval pension fund of the country.
The Navy has done well, and the country has
given its heroes promotion and thanks and pay.
But some of the officers are not satisfied with
this. They want more. They want civil posi-
tion and place in the Navy Department, where
there should be as few naval officers as possi-
ble, and but one responsible head. It is the
province of naval officers to receive orders from
the Department, not to say what those orders
shall be. They are to be governed by the De-
partment under the laws, not to govern the
Department.
They disclaim any desire to get improper
influence by a board of survey, and assure us
that their motives and object are the public
good—merely advisory. They are not willing,
however, that the public should judge and
decide as to the necessity of such a board,
but assume that Congress and the Executive
know less of civil administration than men
whose profession is the sea, and who are trained
to execute naval orders, not to administer civil
affairs. Those who are urging a board of ad-
miralty or a board of survey—and Washington
has been full of them—from the midshipmen at
Annapolis, who have relatives or friends in
Congress, whom it is supposed they can influ-
ence, to their seniors, some of whom have more
skill in the use of the pen than the sword, and
whose articles illumine the columns of our par-
tisan journals; men who can navigate an in-
trigue in Washington more skillfully than a
ship upon the ocean ; officers of whom it can
hardly be said their—
"Marchis on the mountain wave,
Their home is on the deep,"
but who would instruct as to the merits of
an advisory board composed of old admirals
or Navy officers, who shall be placed in the
Department to teach and manage the Secre-
tary of the Navy.
As one of the means to this end and aid in
bringing it about a board was appointed last
March to examine and report as to the condi-
tion of the naval vessels, their machinery, &e.
This board was ordered two days after Vice
Admiral Porter became assistant or super-
vising Secretary. Rear Admiral Goldsbor-
ough was chairman of this board, an officer
who would probably expect to be one of the
proposed board of survey, should Congress
in its weakness ever authorize such a board.
No naval constructor was placed on this board,
which was appointed to examine and report on
naval vessels. The two chief engineers who
were members of it declined to sign the report,
excepted to a large portion of it, and wholly
to the conclusions.
But Bear Admiral Goldsborough makes a
sweeping condemnation of the whole Navy.
Not a vessel is what it should be ; almost all
are worthless, and all because there is not a
board of admirals, a board of Navy commis-
sioners to instruct the Secretary of the Navy,
the naval constructors, the naval engineers, and
others in their duty. Vessels planned, mod-
eled, and built by and under the direction of
John Lenthall, chief of the Bureau of Con-
struction, with such assistants as Delano and
others, are pronounced not satisfactory to Rear
Admiral Goldsborough. They would not be
satisfactory to a board of survey, who would
direct our able and accomplished naval-con-
structors and engineers in their profession, of
which, however, the board of survey know
nothing. We got through the war without a
board of survey to aid or embarrass the Depart-
ment. Our naval officers were in their ships,
on duty, earning, in storm and battle, those
laurels and honors which no civil service in
Washington could have brought them. When
the Secretary needed the counsel or advice of
a board he convened one, composed of the
best men for the particular service required.
When a vessel was to be constructed he called
on the naval constructors, when steam-ma-
chinery was to be built the steam-engineers
were consulted. A naval officer or two, having
a mechanical mind and an aptitude for either
of these branches might have been associated
with them, if accessible. If the Secretary of
the Navy has fitness for liis position he can
always convene a better board for consulta-
tion than any set of permanent officers can
be. They cannot be constructors, they cannot
be engineers, they cannot be surgeons, they
cannot be paymasters ; they would be officers
of the Navy—that is their calling and profess-
ion. There may be experts and men better
qualified to advise among the commanders or
junior officers than among the admirals, and if
he wanted them he should have them.
Great changes and innovations have taken
place in the Navy within a few years. Steam
has wrought a revolution in naval vessels and
in naval warfare. Heavy ordnance, where one
gun throws a weight of metal equal to an old-
fashioned broadside of a frigate, armored ships
whose turrets and sides are impervious to or-
dinary shot and projectiles, have introduced
new tactics. Those officers who had passed the
meridian of life when these improvements were
being introduced are probably less familiar
than their juniors with the existing state of
things. If they were trained and skillful in
the old ways in their youth it is natural that
they should be attached to these ways in age
and distrustful of change.
A fixed naval board is objectionablein almost
every point of view. Naval officers of capacity
would be consulted more without than with a
board of survey.
When the Ericsson invention was presented
and the Navy Department adopted it and
entered into contract to build the Monitor, a
large portion of the naval officers ridiculed
the experiment as visionary and impracticable.
The policy of the Navy Department under
the late Administration had in view two
classes of vessels. One was for defensive and
one for offensive operations. The turret bat-
tery is for harbor and coast defense. Vessels
of high speed, like the Wampanoag, which
could overtake any vessel afloat, but could
never be overtaken by any from which she
fled, would assail and destroy. These chasers,
as they are sometimes called, would sweep the
commerce of any nation with which we might
be at war from the ocean. Neither of these
classes of vessels was popular with certain
officers because their quarters were restricted,
and they had not all the conveniences on ship-
board of a first-class hotel. The turret bat-
teries were submerged vessels; the chasers
were filled with machinery, boilers, and coal-
bunkers, which secured high speed, but de-
prived the officers of the luxurious accommo-
dations of the old battle-ships of the line.
Hence the policy of the Department was un-
popular with, those officers, who studied their
own ease more than the good of the service.
Their comfort and not the efficiency of the
vessel was with them a paramount consider-
ation. They wanted a board of survey to see
to this.
It is a question whether there will again be
those immense naval fights upon the ocean that
there have been in the past. The days, and
such encounters as those of the Nile and Tra-
falgar have, with the old sailing craft, passed
away. The motive power of every naval steamer
is now with her commander. He is not de-
pendent on wind or tide to move his vessel,
and if she has speed he can flee or fight as he
We want no great fleet3 of broad-
