3012
m& mmmmomh globe.
April 27,
under this classification If cents pet pOufcd^
an increase of one quarter of a cent.
Mr. SCHENOK. I wish the gentleman
would Bhow that.
Mr. ALLISON. I will show it by stating
that now all iron under No. 20 wire gauge
pays 1J cents per pound. If this paragraph
be adopted all iron above No. 14 wire gauge
will pay 1| cents pet pctarid. In other words,
the duty on all iron between No. 14 and No.
20 wltte gauge is increased One qoartet of a
cent, pet pound, making ah increase on seven
numbers. All iron between One eighth of art
inch in thickness and No. 20 wife gauge now
pays 1} cents a pound. Under this bill all
iron between No. 3 and No. 14 will pay l£
ceritt? per pottnd.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gefttlemein
will allow me, I will say I made an effort once
while on the Committee of Ways'and Meatit to
ascertain what "wire gauge" means, whether
it had relation to the nombet of diameters in
an inch, or what it did mean j but I found that
no mefnbof of the Committee of Ways and
Means and nobody who appeared before that
committee knew. I do not suppose it is fcasfy
to find out. I am told ffofrt the best intelli-
gence I have that it is utterly atbltrafy. No.
9 wire gauge is about telegraph' Wife VfoWJ
Therefore when We duplicate this classifica-
tion we are working pretty IttOfch'in'tfcO dark.
To simplify the classification is, 50 my judg-
ment, the best thing we can iM. H is difficult
to tell whether the new setstioft inetteBMs- Ot
decreased the tat* Of duty. I (hinft all the
numbets ifctetvening between NOV 14 and No.
20, namely, six numbers, atA advanced by this
from lj cents to If Cents.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNAIID. In reply to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio I will say that
I understand No. 5 Wire gauge 
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 rise to a point of
order. Is not debate exhausted?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. MAYNARD. No. 5 wire gaiige is one
sixteenth part of an inch, and iron in the bill,
thin iron, thinner than No. 14, is not raised in
the present law.
Mr. ALLISON. I am told that No. 11 is
about the one eighth of an inch. Between No.
5 and No. 11 there isan increase ofOtte'quarter
of a cent per pound.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio; No. 9 wire gauge
is about one eighth of an inch; but the number
wire gauge has no relation to the oumber of
diameters in an inch. • - -
Mr. MAYNARD. Ib is well understood by
iron men.
Mr. ALLISON* I withdraw my amendment.
Objection was made.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEVENSON. I (note that ctihi-
n^ittee rise., *
The committee divided; and .there Weye—r,
ayes 38, noes 64. . 1
Mr. STEVENSON demanded tellers.
. Tellers were not ordered!
So the cOtnmittee refused 16 rise..' .
The question recurred on the ameridoVeht of
Mr. BflOois,;of New York'.
,The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 55, noes.64.,
Mr. Brooks!, of New York, demandedteilers.
Tellers were ordered; and the. Chairman
appointed Mr. Bfeooics, qF New York, and
Mr. Kelley.
'f'he committee again dividfed; and the tfelliitg
reported—ayes 53, noes G?. . , .
So the amendment wafe rejected. •.
Mr. BUCK. In-line three, hundred and!
forty-seven I move to add the words "and ou
iron hoops ,and on cotton ties made of hoop
iron, If cents per pound."
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order,
that the amendment is not germane to this
paragraph, but belongs to a subsequent para-
graph.
Mr. BUCK. I recdgniflethat fact} but it is
in the old law.
The CHAIRMANi The Chair sustain s the
point of order.
The question tecOrted on Mr. AixiSon's
motion to strike otit the paragraph.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 64, noes 66.
Mr. ALLISON demanded tellers.
Tellers wete ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Mf. Atxtsoir aftd Mr. Awmstrong.
the committee again divided; and tho tellers
reported—1-ayes 72, noes 59.
' So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows i ,
On all siies of sliest or pl&to lton not plated dr
polished and not thinner than No. Z4 wir6 gauge,
1> dents per pound { thinner thafi No. 24 wire gauge,
not including tftgg«r'« iron, U cents per pound.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to (Strike out that
paragraph.
Mr. 80HENCK. I move that the commit*
t& rise. •
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mf. Scofield
having taken the chair as the • Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Wheeler reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Unio®
had, according to o*derj had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the bill (H. R. No. 10dS) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty oil imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
. . . lEAVt: ABSEKCfe.
Leave of abpence vqa$ granted, by unanimous
consent, *o £lp. Ha^ejy for to-morrow.
v^-nd Aen, oip,, motion of Mr.,HOOPER, of
Massachusetts, (at ten o'clock p. m.,) the
House adjournea.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c<, were Resented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. COX: The petition of Rosannah
Allison, for a pension.
By Mr. HOAR: Thepefeition of Nathan T.
Revere, for bounties.
By Mr.- .HOLMAN: The petition of Lot
North, for relief on accountof the robbery of
the poet office at Patriot, Indiana.
By Mr. MAYNAIID: The petition of Mrs.
Sarah Armstrong, of Benton, Tennessee, widow
M Captain Baker Armstrong, tenth regiment
Tennessee cavalry volunteers, who was killed
by a band of guerrillas on the 29th of Novem-
ber, 1864, fchile in the discharge of his duty,
praying for a pension.
Also, the petition of Thomas Smith, of Knox-
vijl% Tennessee, a blind beggar, who lost Lis
sight, while in the wagon serviceduring the
waiyaud whto lost his senior,, unmarried son,
priyatp cpujpany K, tenth, regiment Tennessee
cavalry volunteers,,,who was slain, in battle at
Franklin, Tennessee, December 18,1804, pray-
ing for, a pension. ■ , ir, ,
By Mi;. ,BlCE: ,The petihejt of Jam^s fit.
Rogers,,of Hancock county,, Georgia, asking
to .be. relieved, from, political, disabilities im-
posed,by section three of, the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution.
By Mr. STRICKLAND: the memomlof
A. B. Witherber and 78 others, citizehs of
Flint, Michigan, opposing tho seventh section
of the funding bill, •
;Also, the memorial of J.- -1?. Ingalls and
George S.^Vneeler, of Mgnomonee, Michigan,
asking, a .-grant of land to aid in the construc-
tion of the Deer Creek and Marble Quarry
railroad. _ ■
Also, the memorial, or C. H  WluUefnore
and 31 others, citizens, of Tawas, Michigan,
opposing any repeal of the auties on lumber.
. Also, the memorial of, W. p. baylor and
others, of Tawas City, Michigan, opposing any
repeal of the duties on lumber.
Also, the memorial of A. Gould and others,
of the city of Owasso, Michigan, opposing the
passage of the seventh section of the funding
bill.
Also, the memorial of J. C. Goodale aud 25
others, citizens of Chessaning, Michigan, op-
posing a change of the line of the Jackson,
Lansing, and Saginaw railroad.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of G. W.
Ward, W. R. Riddle, Tabott Denmead, Alex-
ander Brown, and 200 others, citizens and firms
of the city of Baltimore, against the coercive
feature Of the ftmding bill in relation to the
national banks.
By Mr. WELKER: The_ petition of John
F. Hudson and 69 others, citizens of Holmes
conftty, Ohio, asking that the duty on tea and
coffee be abolished and the duty on sugar and
molasses greatly reduced.
IN SENATE.
wtfdkesdat, April 27, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.,
IIOUSS BliLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No! 902) limiting the appoint-
ment of certain officers in the Treasury Depart-
ment was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Retrenchment.
The following joint resolutions were sever-
ally read twice by their titles, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs:
A joint resolution (Hj R. No. 267) in rela-
tion to the burial-place. fot the retnains of
General John A. Rawlins: and
A joint resolution (H. K. NO. 268) direct-
ing the Secretary of Wat to deliver certain'
condemned cannon to the Ladies' Monument
Association Of Peoria, I'llltioiS.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
lay before the Senate the report, o£ the Second
Auditor of the Treasury, communicating, in
obedience to law, copies of all accounts which,
have been received at that office from persons
charged or intrusted with the disbursement
or application of moneys, goods, or effects of
any kind for the benefit of the Indians, from
July 1, 1868 to June SO, 18t>9;' which will be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The document is so bulky thit the Chair will
not propose its printing unless the committee
desire it.
PETltlONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of V.
J. Tobias, of Charleston, South Carolina^ pray-
ing the tOtooval of his political disabilities;
which was referred tb the select Committee On
the Removal of. Political Disabilities.
Mr. ROSS presented a petition of citizens
of Cherokee county, Kansas, prayihg fot such
action as will protect cattle-dealers from the
payment of tax_levied upon them by the va-!
rious Indian tribes in the Indihn territory;
which was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT'presented tie petition of Ed-,
rfulnd Blahchard, executor qt' tfe estate of
Captain Evan M. Buchanan,! deceased, pray-
ing that,the estate may be ^released from the
payment pf .a certain amount'now standing
charged oh. the books of the Treasury Depart-;
ment against Evan M. Buchanan as commis-
sary -of .subsistence; ■fthich was referred to
the .Committee on Claims.
Mr, BOREMAN presented the. petitions of
Charles A, Tackett, Stafford county, Virginia;
of Johii H." Austin, Rockingham county, v lr-
ginia, and of John E. Roller, Rockingham
county, Vitginia, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
