1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2009
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is
on the motion of the Senator From Tennessee,
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 18, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G-. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called, the morning hour will how
commence. This being set apart under the
rules as private-bill day, during the morning
hour reports of a private nature are in order
from the committees, beginning with the Com-
mittee on Patents.
robert burks goodyear.
The SPEAKER. The pending question at
the expiration of the morning hour last Friday
was the bill (H. R. No. 1493) for the relief of
Robert Burns Goodyear, reported from the
Committee on Patents. _ The bill has been
read a first and second time, and the question
is on ordering it to be engrossed ana read a
third time.
Mr. JENCKES. I offer a substitute for the
bill, which I send to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
lie it enacted, &c„ That Itobert Burns Goodyearbe,
and hereby is, authorized to apply to tho Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension for a further torm
of seven years of his letters-patent for certain new
and useful improvements in power-looms, originally
granted to James A. Uowio and Charles Carr, as as-
signees of Itobert Burns U-oodyear, on the 13th day
of Jlareh, in the year 1819, but antedated, as pro-
vided by law, the 13th day ol' September, 1848, tho
same as if said patent had not(been once already
extended; and that the Commissioner of Patents
be, and is hereby, authorized to proceed upon, de-
termine, and decide such application upon the same
evidence and in the same manner as in other oases
of applications for the extension of patents: Pro-
vided, That the application for extension be mado
within thirty days after tho p&ssago of this act:
And provided, also, ,That in case an extension of
said patent be granted no person shall be held re-
sponsible in damages for tho manufacture or use of
articles containing such improvement between tho
expiration of said letters-patent and the date of
sueh extension.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, the bill as
originally reported provided for an extension
of the patent by the act itself. The substitute
now offered sends the case to the Commissioner
of Patents, to decide the case under the gen-
eral law, when the case is brought before him
in regular course; and if any party sees fit to
oppose the extension he can do so before the
Commissioner on sworn testimony, 'fbe Com-
mittee on Patents have investigated this case
very carefully. It has been before them two
or three times, and they were satisfied that the
extension of this patent would not infringe on
the rights of parties under any other patent;
that the invention in itself is a meritorious one,
though in a very limited sphere; and that the
circumstances of the inventor justified us in
recommending this relief. Unless any gentle-
man wishes to inquire further as to the circum-
stances, I shall move the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say a few words
to the House upon this bill. There is a prin-
ciple involved m it which I hope the House
will duly consider before they adopt it, and
form in it a precedent for other measures of
greater importance. If there is anything that
the country need be apprehensive about at this
time it is the alarming increase of combina-
tions ; and in no branch of business do those
combinations manifest themselves more than
in the patent business. After great delibera-
tion, under the sound policy adopted by the
Government, it has been determined that by
law combinations of monopolies growing out
ofpatents shall not exist longer than twenty- one
years. It is proposed by each one of these
measures to break in upon thai sound policy,
and aside from the general rule provided for
by law, to select here and there a case and per-
mit a monopoly to extend for twenty-eight
years. It is founded in each instance upon a
case made up to appeal to Congress, owing to
what is alleged in them -all to be the poverty
of the inventor and the lack of remuneration
which he has in the first twenty-one years suc-
ceeded in obtaining from hia patent. It is by
that means that the policy of the patent laws i3
broken in upon by these separate applications.
Now, sir, in the last Jew Congresses We'
from time to time broke down eve?y one of
these applications. In the last ten yeats, until
last Friday, there had been but one case where
they succeeded in extending a patent be-
yond the limit of twenty-one yearB. Last Fri-
day, for the second time within ten years,
there was an extension of a patent for twenty-
eight years. Last year, at the earnest solicit-
ation of those engaged in the manufacture of
patents all over this country, the Commit-
tee on Patents reported against the exten-
sion of a patent beyond twenty-one years.
This year the very men who sgnt their letters
here, which I havo on file, beseeching me to
oppose the extension of that patent, came
here with their letters calling on us to grant
that extension. Why, because these men were
sought out, and a contract has been entered
into with them by whioh they are to have all
the benefits of this patent if they will cease to
oppose its extension. I do -not apply that to
this patent, but I say that is the policy upon
the precedent established by this and other
cases. They are to pave tile way through
Congress for tho extension of other monop-
olies from twenty-one to twenty-eight years.
1 hope, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that this
policy of breaking in upon the patent laws in
these special cases will cease, and that there
shall be no extension founded upon a case
made up that the man has not in twenty-one
years received sufficient remuneration, so that
all those who have already got the patented
article in use can combine with the patentee or
his assignees and get the patent extended and
prevent its coming into general use, except
upon such terms as they shall prescribe. Now,
this bill does not affect my constituents at all,
that I know of, any more than it affects every
consumer in the country. This is a patent for
the manufacture of gingham, whicli is worn all
over this country. 1 know of no man in my dis-
trict who opposes this extension. But every man,
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, whose family
consumes during the year a yard of ginghamis
called upon by this petition to pay a tribute in
tho enhanced price of the article. I ask the gen-
tleman to say upon what principle of right it is
that a man snail be permitted to continue this
monopoly after twenty-one years. 1 know the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenokes]
by this amendment proposes to submit the
question to the Commissioner of Patents. The
law has said that it shall be submitted to the
judgment of the Commissioner of Patents only
to the covering of twenty-one years, and this
is a special privilege which the gentleman from
Rhode Island asks for this case, that the Com-
missioner of Patents may be permitted, if ho
will, to extend it to twenty-eight years. I
hope and trust that the House will cease any
longer continuing in this business of extend-
ing monopolies and encouraging combinations
against fair competition in every industry in the
land, untrammeled by legislation and nntram-
meled by monopolies.
Mr. JENCKES. I will yield three or four
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Nijjlack,] who desires to say something on this
subject.
ilr. NIBLACK. I have not given very close
attention to the reading of the report in this
case; nor have I heard read the substitute for
the original bill whioh was offered by the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes,]
the chairman of the Committee on Patents.
Bat T desire tb make this general remark, that
we ought, I think, to act with great caution ih
this matter of extending patents by special
legislation. I was a member of tlhe Cdtnmit-
tee on Patents some years ago, and my expe-
rience then very vividly impressed toe with the
View of the case I have expressed in regard to
legislation upon this subjeet genetally. As I
remember the report which was read on Fri-
day last, one of the reasons assigned For the
proposed extensidn of this patent was that
owing to the breaking out of tlie war and the
derangement in business Which followed the
war the patentee was unable to 1'ealize the prof-
its from his invention which he would other-
wise have realized, and to which he was fairly
entitled. Now, so far as that reason is1 con-
cerned I desire to make a few remarks.
I have the honor to represent in this House
what is called a border district, a district bor-
dering On the State of Kentucky and on the
Ohio river. My district has always been largely
interested in trade with the southern States.
By the breaking out of the War and the conse-
quent interruption of business a great many
of uiy constituents were rendered bankrupt,
and others of them were greatly injured in their
business by this abrupt cutting off of their
southern trade. Now, if it is to be tho policy
of Congress to indemnify persons by special
acts for tlie injuries which resulted to them in
their business affairs by the breaking Out of the
war, then I insist that we shall pass some gen-
eral law upon the subject which will allow my
constituents also to have some relief, and that
we shall not endeavor to grant relief by special
act iti cases like this, where indemnity is given
to one man for injuries resulting from the war
while the great mass of the people thus injured
in their business are deprived of any remedy.
I believe this is all I desire to say on this
subject, and I thank the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jesckbs] for his courtesy in yield-
ing to me.
Mr. JENCKES. By the constitution of the
Committee on Patents they are of necessity
obliged to cohsider a number of private cases.
In the nature of things these cases must differ,
and differ essentially. The proposition now ' •
submitted to the House does not propose to
introduce a new principle or to violate any
settled principle. The difficulty with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawesj is
that he has made his speech in the wrong case.
He has in his mind some imaginary case where
the extension of a patent is recommended, or
where the application is to be referred to the
Commissioner to be extended, and he has made
his speech on that case. His speech has no
relation whatever to the circumstances in this
case.
The Committee on Patents always inquire
into the history of each case referred to them,
tho circumstances of the applicant, and the
effect which favorable action on the part of
Congress would have on the business of the
public. So long as I have been a member of
that committee they have never recdmmended
the extension of any patent, nor the reference
to the Commissioner of any application for ex-
tension in which I have concurred, which has
worked injury to anybody. They have rejected
many meritorious cases because they seemed
to trench upon some general principle.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me a moment. I
know the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Jenckes] acts upon that principle. I do not
mean to impute to him any desire or intention
to depart from that principle. I think he is
governed by the same idea I have expressed;
but the difficulty with him is that it does not
strike him as it does the public. I Want to say
this, further: it is precedents like these which,
like good resolutions, pave the way to the same
place.
Mr. JENCKES. With regard to precedents
for the extension of patents they pave the way
to no place. They always come before this
House with the prejudice and feeling of the
House against them. 'We'know when we
