1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4901
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will withdraw his objection, and let
the bill be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not withdraw my
objection until I hear the bill read. Let it be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Sic it enacted, That there be paid to Bryan It.
Young $627 50, tho difference between the amount
and value of quartermasters' stores taken by the
military authorities of tile United States from him
and$0C0. the amountpuidby the order of the Quarter-
master General to the said Young on said quarter-
masters' stores ; t he amount herein directed to be paid
the said Young to bo in lul l satisfaction of his claim
against the United States for such stores.
Mr. HOWARD. That will inevitably give
rise to debate, and I must object to it.
Mr. DAVIS. Just allow a short report to
be read.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; that is one of
those bills which have been debated so much
in the Senate, and I am satisfied that this bill
will be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan objects.
southern pacific railroad.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
647) to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from Marshall, Texas, to
San Diego, California, with branches and con-
nections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is ou the amendment offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have the amend-
ment, reported.
The Chief Clerk. The. amendment is in
the first section of the bill, commencing in line
forty-five, to strike out. the following clause :
The track upon the entire line of said railroad and
the tracks of the railroads herein mentioned, con-
necting therewith, shall be of uniform u idth, and tbe
gaugo thereof, throughout the whole extent thereof,
and of said connecting lines, shall be, andhereby is,
established at lour teet eight and a hall inches.
Mr. WILSON. I modify the amendment I
offered the other evening so as to insert in lieu
of " four feet eight and a half inches/' •' five
feet" as the gauge of the road.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts modifies his amendment
so as to make the gauge five feet-, confining it
to the trunk line, as the Chair understands,
and not applying to the branches.
Mr. WILSON. To the trunk line, certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts modifies his amend-
ment. so as to make the gauge five feet, eon-
fining it to the trunk lino.
Mr. WARNER. X understand the Senator
from Massachusetts moves to strike out all
those words. I should like his attention for a
moment. Do I understand him to move to
strike out all the words that have been read?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts proposes to strikeout
'' four feet eight and a half inches" and insert
" five feet," as the gauge of the road.
Mr. WILSON. That is my amendment.
To insert " five feet" in place of ''four feet
eight and a half inches."
Mr. WARNER. Then the Senator does not
propose lo strike oat the words read?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands not.
Mr. WARNER. The Clerk read the amend-
ment as if those lines wero to be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported as modified.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment as modi-
fied is in line forty-nine, to strike out " four feet
eight and a half inches" ami to insert in lieu
thereof " five feet."
Mr. WILLIAMS. How will the clause read
then ?
The Cuii.1' Clerk. If amended as proposed,
the clause will read :
The ti nek upon the entire line of said railroad and
the tracks of the railroads herein mentioned, connect-
ing- therewith, shall bo of uniform width; and the
gauge thereof, throughout the whole extent thereof
and of said connecting lines, shall be, and hereby is,
established at five feet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Massachusetts to
modify his amendment so as not to include the
connecting lines.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly; we do not want
the connecting lines to be on a five-feet gauge.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have it
reported as it will now stand.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as now pro-
posed, the clause will read :
The track upon tho entire line of said railroad and
the tracks of the railroads herein mentioned,connect-
ing therewith, shall be of uniform width; and tho
gauge thereof, throughout the whole extent thereof,
shall be, and is hereby, established at five feet.
Mr. STEWART. It should read "the track
of the main line," so as to refer only to the
track of the main line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modi-
fication will be made.
Mr. WARNER. I suggest to strikeout the
words "and the tracks of the railroads herein
mentioned connecting therewith so as to
read:
The track upon the entire line of said railroad
shall be of uniform width, and the gauge thereof,
throughout the whole extent thereof-
Striking out the words "'and of said con-
necting lines"—
shall be, and hereby is, established atfivefest.
Mr. STEWART. That is it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will make that modification. The question is
on the amendment as modified.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, when the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts proposed
this amendment, when this subject was up
before, I was, I confess, very much surprised,
and I am equally surprised at his renewing it
to night iti a worse form, if anything, than the
amendment which he proposed before. I am
at a loss to understand why the gentleman from
Massachusetts should propose this amendment.
I am at a loss to comprehend why he should
make an effort to perpetuate in one section of
the Union a railroad gauge which is different
from that which prevails in all the rest of the
Union. I am at a loss to perceive why he pro-
poses to give to this transcontinental railroad
the gauge which belongs to but one mile of
railroad in this country out of ten, and to cut
off all the remaining miles of railroad ill this
country from any connection with this road.
Mr. SAWYER.^ Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like, if the Sen-
ator has the information, to know how many
miles of railroad there are in this country?
Mr. DRAKE. I have not the information
in detail; but T have this information, which
I think can be fully relied upon, that the num-
ber of miles of railroad in the southern States
is only about one fifth of the entire number of
miles of railroad in this country ; that is, out
of every ten miles of railroad in this country
the south has only about two miles, and I think
not so much as that. In other words, for one
mile of railroad in the South there are from
eight to ten miles of railroad in the North. The
general gauge of railroads in the North is four
feet eight, and a half inches.
Mr. SPENCER. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, 1 will state very briefly why the
southern Senators and the people of the South
desire a live-feet gauge.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator can state that
after I get through.
Mr. SPENCER. I was only going to state
that it is because all our southern roads are
of that gauge. We wish this road to connect
with us.
Mr. DRAKE. That is exactly the thing
lhat t am here to contend against this bill.
Suppose that the whole number of miles of
railroad in this country is fifty thousand; and
eight thousand of them perhaps, or less, in the
South.
Mr. FOWLER. It is only forty-one thou-
sand.
Mr. DRAKE. Whatever the number of
miles is, one thing is certain, the truth stands
out before the co.untry that the relative pro-
portion of railroads in the two sections of the
country is about as one to eight.
Mr. SAWYER. Now, Mr. President, if the
Senator will yield to me for an interruption 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Missouri yield?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. As the Senator has brought
his proposition to a head, and stated that there
is one mile of railroad in the South to eight in
the country, I will state what is the fact. In-
stead of being one to eight the railroads in the
northern States of tbe four feet eight and a, half
inch gauge are less than four to one of the
southern gauge of five feet. There are twelve
thousand miles of five feet gauge, and there
are not fifty thousand, nay not forty-five thou-
sand miles of entire railway in the United
States.
Mr. DRAKE. Well, sir, takeitatthe figures
which the Senator from South Carolina has
stated, and it makes no difference in the case.
Here we are called upon to establish across the
continent a line of railroad that connects with
but one section of this country, and to establish
the gauge upon that road to tit a system of rail-
roads which were devised and completed on a
gauge of five feet as a part of the machinery
of the rebellion that was to come.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Senator will allow
me to say that, ou the contrary, lhat very gauge
was inaugurated in the North.
Mr. DRAKE. It might have been inaugu-
rated on some road in the North ; butthe build-
ing of the roads of the South with a uniform
five-feet gauge was a part of the scheme of the
rebellion, and was intended to prevent the ears
and locomotives of the northern roads from
going into the country when the war should
break out, which the southern men saw that
they would bring upon us.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him him a question?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. Does tho Senator think
that there is any greater probability that a gauge
of five feet will secede than a gauge of four
feet eight and a half inches? [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. Well, sir, I must be permit-
ted to say that that remark in sharpness is not
quite equal to the ordinary efforts of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, look at it again. Not only is this
Transcontinental road to be in unison with the
whole southern system of railroads and'out of
unison with the whole northern system, but it
is lo run right along the frontier of a foreign
country with whom we might at any moment
become involved in war; and then you would find
that from the great storehouses of our military
supplies in the valley of the Mississippi, lying
directly north of this road, and from the great
point of embarkation of troops from the region
lying north of this road, not a single car.that
might take them down there could run a single
foot upon this road, and they would have to
describe a circuit away around east of the
Mississippi, until they could get upon some of
these southern roads of five feet gauge.
Mr. President, what is the reason for this?
Why should this road be put out of conformity
with the entire railroad system of the North
and be brought into conformity with the entire
railroad system of the South? Sir, the time
has come, as the Senator from Pennsylvania
stated the other evening, when either the entire
gauge of this northern country must become
five feet or the entire gauge of the roads in the
southern country must become four feet eight
and a half inches. You must bring about a
uniformity in this matter; and the Congress
of the United States is the last place in this
