4902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
country where a proposition should meet with
favor to perpetuate in a line across this conti-
nent this difference between the southern gauge
and the northern gauge.
I do not wish to protract the discussion on
this subject. I do not wish to interfere with
coming to_a vote upon this bill. I have stated
my objections to it. They are with me con-
trolling. I will not vote l'or this bill if that
gauge is changed, or if it is struck out-
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I will say
to the Senator from Missouri that the reason
why I moved this amendment is because it is
just to that section of the country which is to
be accommodated by this road that it should
be moved and adopted by Congress. We have
built a great central railway to the Pacific,
with a large grant of land and with a large
outlay of the credit of the Government. It is
completed. We propose to build another line,
which we call the northern line, to which we
have made an immense land grant of the best
lands on any of these railroad lines. That will
accommodate the people of the northern sec-
tion of the country. Then we propose to build
a road through Missouri, the Indian country,
and New Mexico, on the thirty-fifth parallel, to
go to California. There are two or three other
lines passing through Kansas that are to con-
nect in N ew Mexico with this great line on the
thirty-fifth parallel. Then there is a road that
is to pass through Arkansas, connecting with
Memphis, accommodating Kentucky and Ten-
nessee, and that is to go over that road on the
thirty-fifth parallel.
Now what do we propose to do? To build
a Pacific railroad to accommodate the Gulf
States; and what do we give to it? No bonds,
no money, but little land, and that little not
worth much. The road is to be built through
the great State of Texas and by the aid of
Texas. Texas gives lands, gives her credit,
gives money, and what do we give? We give
the lands from El Paso to the Pacific ocean ;
I do not know how many hundred miles ; six
or eight hundred, I believe. At any rate from
El Paso to the Pacific ocean we grant the
lands, and they are jast about as poor lands
as can be found under the sun to-day. They
are worth but very little, I must confess, and
I hardly see how this road can be built from
El Paso to the Pacific ocean by anything that
this Government grants to the corporation.
Now, sir, the railroads in the southern
country are of a five-feet gauge. It is well
known that most of these railroads are weak
corporations, that they are not strong, that
they have not the means to change their gauge
from five feet to four feet eight and a half inches.
It would be an immense burden to put upon
that section of country, to be accommodated
by this bill, to require that the roads there
should change their gauge. If you do not
adopt this amendment they must change their
gauge, or the road connects with the northern
roads, and is in every sense of the word, after
all, a Northern Pacific railroad, and that sec-
tion of the country has no accommodation at
all. They can change passengers, but they
cannot change freight; they cannot afford to
do it.
Mr. President, we fought the battle of the
rebellion. I do not wish to fight it over again.
I do not believe that there is the slightest
danger under heaven that it will ever be re-
newed. The great cause of it has perished
forever; and although time and years will pass
by before the bitter memories of the conflict
will be obliterated, still time cures al!, and
time is curing a great deal now. We see it
under our own eyes. There is a wonderful
change going on in that section of the country.
1 do not wish to legislate here under the idea
that those States are to rise up in rebellion
against us any more. I do not believe a word
of it. The mighty spaces of this country are
filling up with a mighty population, and that
section of the country., although rich and pro-
ductive, is sinking every day in strength and
power in comparison with the rest of the coun-
try.
As we profess now to build a railroad for
the South, to accommodate the States south of
Virginia, the most of Kentucky, the most of
Tennessee, and the Gulf States of the Union,
it seems to me we ought to deal fairly, to deal
justly, and make the gauge of this road so as
to connect with their roads, so that they shall
have the entire and full benefit of this road.
It will be a great road. It is to be built,
mainly and chiefly, by the grants of the great
State of Texas. The Federal Government
gives but little land, and everybody knows
that it is poor land. It will be worth some-
thing wheu the railroad goes through it, for
even where a railroad goes through poor land
and a poor country it is made valuable. The
growth and development of our country by
railroads duringthe last twenty years are almost
beyond human comprehension.
I believe that this amendmeut is just; I offer
it because my sense of justice dictates it, and
I believe it ought to be adopted by Congress.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Missouri seems to be pursued by all sorts
of spirits rising from the ashes of the rebellion.
Scarcely any subject is brought before the Sen-
ate in which my friend from Missouri does not
see some gory specter rising from that dread-
ful field. No question comes up here for con-
sideration containing any allusion to the South
in some provision of which he does not see
some danger that the rebellion may be renewed.
Now, I tell that Senator that there are many
things in the South which are not like those in
the North. It is not alone the gauge of the
railroads that differs from the northern gauge,
although what the northern gauge is it is rather
difficult to tell, when we reflect that there are
at least three, and probably four distinct gauges
in the northern States. There is the usual
gauge, as it is called, or the engineers' gauge,
of four feet eight and a half inches ; there is
the five-feet gauge; there is the five and a half
feet gauge in various parts of the northern
States; and there is the six-feet gauge. I
believe there are four different railroad gauges
in the northern States.
Who, in the name of common sense, ever
imagined that because the State of Maine had
a railroad two or three hundred miles long,
with a gauge of five or five and a half feet,
they had any treasonable purpose in laying the
rails a foot or half a foot further apart than the
roads in another State? Who, in the name of
common sense, imagines that it is of the slight-
est consequence to the integrity of this country
whether the gauge of the railroads be four feet
eight and a half inches or five feet or five and
a half feet, except my distinguished frieud
from Missouri, whose dreams are troubled by
these dreadful goblins that come up here from
six, eight, or ten years ago?
Why, sir, we actually build houses in the
South with piazzas on three stories. They do
not do it in the North habitually. There is no
particular reason why they should have piazzas
on three stories that I know of, and yet there
is just as much connection between a house
with a three-story piazza and treason and seces-
sion as there is between a railroad of five feet
gauge and treason, secession, and rebellion.
The fact is, we want the gauge of the South-
ern Pacific railroad to be live feet because it
leads to New York if it is not five feet, and we
do not agree that "all roads should lead to
Rome." We are perfectly willing that a fair
share of the commcrce of the Pacific shall go
to New York, to Philadelphia, and to Boston ;
but we protest, and we think we have a right
to protest that you shall not so build the South-
ern Pacific railroad that of necessity its cars
must run to New York.
The Senator from Massachusetts has told us
that they can do a passenger business even if
the gauges do not connect and coincide. That
is a mistake. My friend from Massachusetts
knows well enough that when he goes to a
railroad station to buy a ticket, and there are
two roads to the end of his journey, and the
ticket-master tells him that on one there is no
change of cars and on the other there is a
change of cars, he invariably takes the line on
which there is no change of cars. We know
that in the case of freight that question will
decide where the commerce which goes over
the Southern Pacific railroad will go. _ That
would be the determining question in the
minds of shippers. ... *
My friend from Missouri says it is absurd to
make a gauge on this railroad that is different
from the whole northern gauge. I ask him
if it is not equally absurd and more absurd to
make a Southern Pacific railroad which does
not lead to the South, nor through the South,
but which leads inevitably to the North and
Northeast? I ask him if it is more important
to the interests which are to be served by this
land grant, by the building of this railroad,
that it should connect with the Illinois Central
and the Pennsylvania Central, or that itshould
connect with the network of railroads which
traverse the States of Louisiana, Mississippi,
Georgia, and the Carolinas?
You have built a Central Pacific railroad at
a cost of five or eight times as much to the
country as this railroad will cost, and it leads
where? It leads to New York. That is one
of the roads that " lead to Home.''' You are
building a Northern Pacific railroad. Where
does it lead to ? To New York, to that great
commercial center which is drawing into its
great maelstrom every commercial interest of
this great country. You propose now to build
a Southern Pacific railroad, to give this great
privilege to the South ; and then, after having
given your land grant to what you call the
Southern Pacific railroad, under cover of the
statute which fixes the gauge at four feet eight
and a half inches, you propose to take it and
pocket that also. That is what this four feet
eight and a half inch gauge means.
Now, Mr. President, looking at it outside
of the line of abstract justice, looking at it not
simply as a question of what is right and proper,
I ask my Republican friends to look at it in a
political and partisan light. I ask them if
they can afford to enact that the southern peo-
ple shall be obliged to take a railroad which
does not lead to the South. I ask them if
they can afford to " keep the word of promise
to our ear, and break it to our hope?" Are
you going to tell us to go home from this ses-
sion of Congress to our constituents and tell
them that we have got a southern Pacific rail-
road, and have them turn around to us and
say, "You have been cheated; you have no
southern Pacific railroad ; but you have got
not only a northern Pacific railroad and a
central Pacific railroad in latitude forty-nine
degrees and in latitude thirty eight degrees,
but you have got a northern Pacific railroad
in latitude thirty-two degrees. Republican
Senators on this floor cannot afford to do this
thing in the interest of any railroad system.
Republican Senators cannot afford in this way
to make a show of giving a transcontinental
railroad to the southern section of the country,
and in fact putting its control absolutely and
completely in the hands of northern corpora-
tions.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President,when this amend-
ment is perfected I shall move to strike out
all that part of the section which proposes to
fix the gauge by act of Congress.
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. COLE. I believe this matter should be
left to the incorporators of that railroad com-
pany, that they may determine, after consider-
ing all the connections that they are to have
on both ends, by which it will be best served,
a gauge of five feet or a gauge of four feet eight
and a half inches.
Sir, we have had some little experience in
this matter in connection with the first Pacific
railroad. Senators will remember that in the
oiiginal Pacific railroa'd bill there was a pro-
