2070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
reportacase here thatit must be an exceedingly
meritorious case to obtain a hearing at all;
and we therefore never come here unless we
think the circumstances warrant the presenta-
tion of the ease to the House.
The first objsetion made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and the
same objection is doubtless, as it always is, in
the mind of his colleague [Mr. Washburn]
who is listening to me, is that this proposed
extension would tend to perpetuate a monop-
oly. If the committee believed that such would
be the effect in any case the application would
stop at our doors and would never come here.
In this case we have inquired into the circum-
stances of the inventor, and have had him
, before us. We have sent for persons who use
his invention, and have had them before us.
We have personally and by the aid of experts
examined the invention itself as exhibited in
the model in the Patent Office. No one has
pointed out to us any single instance in which
the extension can injure any person or in any
way abridge the rights of the public. Instead
of increasing the costof thearticles mentioned
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, this
invention has decreased their cost for twenty
years. The public during that time has had
the benefit of this decrease, while the inventor
has not had any benefit from his invention.
We have not recommended an extension iu
any case in which it has not been made appa-
rent to us—proved beyond question—that the
inventor has actually lost, by no fault of his
own, more than seven years of the term which
the law allows him. In this case it was proved
to us conclusively that the inventor had lost
nearly the whole of the fourteen years of his
original term ; that he had derived no benefit
from his invention, from which the public had
derived great advantage. The utility of ihe
invention itself is confined within a very nar-
row field. It is applied only to the shuttle-
boxes of a certain kind of looms, weaving cheap
fabrics. If the patent be extended its use will
bo paid for only by the manufacturers of those
looms, not by the persons who use the fabrics
manufactured. That is, the men who have for
twenty years obtained the prolitupon this man's
invention without paying him anything for it,
are, in the next seven years, to pay him a small
fraction of that to which he is entitled forhav-
ingoriginated it; and thus he will receive some
slight benefit.
The patent cannot produce a largo profit.
The committee were satisfied, and one member
of the committee is an expert in this branch
of business, that there are many other looms
that do the same kind of work, and in the judg-
ment of all our eastern manufacturers do it a
great deal better. But there are certain man-
ufacturers and certain operatives who have
used these looms and prefer them still; and
these manufacturers, having their operatives
trained to the use of these looms, are willing
to pay a very small sum as royalty for the use
of this invention.
This is the ease, Mr. Speaker; a purely ex-
ceptional case in the judgment of the commit-
tee. If the House thinks so we hope they will
sustain the committee; if not, it does not make
much difference pecuniarily to any one. I call
for the previous question.
Mr. WTASIIBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
that the bill be laid on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes 5-1, noes 43 ;
no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Washburn, of Wis-
consin, and Mr. Jkxckes.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes seventy-three, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill
was laid on the table.
ann m. rodefer.
Mr. JENCKES, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1549) to
enable Ann M. Rodefer, administratrix of
Joseph Rodefer, deceased, to make application
for the extension of letters patent for an im-
provement in bedstead fastenings; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that Ann M.
Rodefer, administratrix of Joseph Rodefer,
deceased, have leave to make application to
the Commissioner of Patents for the extension
of letters-patent granted to Joseph Rodefer for
an improvement in bedstead fastenings, on the
10th of April, 1855, for fourteen years, in the
same manner as if the petition for said exten-
sion had been filed at least ninety days before
the expiration of the patent; and the Commis-
sioner is authorized to consider-and determine
the application in the same manner as if it had
been filed ninety days prior to the expiration of
the patent, and with the game effect as if it had
been regularly filed and acted upon under ex-
isting laws. But the extension of the patent
is not to affect the right of any person to con-
tinue to use the machine, if since April 10,1869,
and prior to the approval of this act, he lias
procured and at the time of such approval shall
be using the machine.
Mr. JENCKlSS. Mr. Speaker, this bill
simply enables this party to go to the Commis-
sioner, he having failed to go there at the
proper time, and grants him no new right. I
call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time. It was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joiin murphy.
Mr. JENCKES, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1550) for the leiief
of John Murphy; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
bo engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Com-
missioner of Patents to hear and determine
the application of John Murphyfortho exten-
sion of letters-patent for an improvement in
processes for treating gutta-percha, granted
to said Murphy on the 30th day of May, 1854,
in tho same manner and with the same effect
as if the application had been made within
the time prescribed by law, provided that if
the said extension shall be granted no per-
sons shall be held liable for damages from
infringements thereof betweeu the date of the
expiration of the original patent and the date
of such extension.
Mr. JENCKES. This bill is merely to cor-
rect an error, and is a similar case to the one
just passed. I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third lime; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
samuel gardiner, jr.
Mr. JENCKES, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1551) for the relief
of Samuel Gardiner, jr.; which was read a first
and second time.
Tho question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that Sam-
uel Gardiner, jr., shall have leave to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents for
an extension of letters-patent for improvement
in machinery for crushing, pulverizing, and
stamping ores, said patent having bee® issued
on the 25th day of July, 1854; and that the
Commissioner of Patents shall be authorized
to consider and determine said application in
the same manner as if it had been filed ninety
days before the expiration of said patent, pro-
vided that no person shall be held responsible
in damages for the manufacture of articles
containing such improvement, between the ex-
piration of the letters-patent and the approval
of this aet.
Mr. JENCKES. This is another similar
case to correct an error, and grants no new
rights. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the-
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
washington market company.
Mr. TANNER, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, reported back
House bill No. 1084, to incorporate the Wash-
ington Market Company, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted Ly the Senate and Ilouse of Itepres
atives of the United States of America in Conorets ansem-
bled, Th.'it Thomas Berry, 1). W. .Bliss, Henry D.
Cooke, William B. Todd, Peter Gardner, llenry S.
Davis, George W. Riggs, Byron G. Daniels, M. G.
Jfcimery, Frederick P. Stanton, Thomas C. Connolly,
fcj. 1J. Brown, John S. Crocker, Alexander S. Shep-
herd, William Clark, Uallett Kilbourn, John It.
Elvans. B. P. French, C. H. Mitchner, James L.
Barbour, I. T. Mitchell, T. T. Fowler, T. II. Alexan-
der, J. W. Angus, W. W. Rapley, and Thomas Lewis,
their successors, and each of their assigns be, and
they are hereby, creatod a body corporate and poli-
tio, by the name and stylo of the Washington Market
Company, and by that name shall hare perpetual
succession, and shall be able to sue and be sued, to
plead and bo impleaded, to defend and be defended
in all courts of law and ecjuity, and may make and
use a eommon seal; ordain and establish such by-
laws, ordinances, and regulations, not inconsistent
with this act or of the laws of the United States, as
may be necessary and properfor the management of
the concerns of said company. Said company shall
have power to issue ana sell bonds, or to borrow
money and execute mortgages and deeds of trusts
upon its property and franchise.
sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted. That said company
is horoky authorized and empowered to locate and
construct a suitable building or buildings upon the
following-described grounds, namely : commencing
at the intersection of the center line of B street north
with tho west line of Seventh street west, running
thence north along the west side of Seventh street to
the southerly side of Pennsylvania avenue; thence
westerly along the southerly side of Pennsylvania
avenue to the southerly sido of Louisiana avenue;
thence westerly along the southerly side of Louisiana
avenue to the east side of Ninth street west; thence
along tho east line of Ninth street to the center line
of B street; thence alone the center line of B street
to the place of beginning; and to use and occupy the
same by the erection of a suitablcbuilding or Build-
ings fora public market-house, including the neces-
sary stalls and sheds, and also for stores, public halls,
ana such other purposes as may be determined by
said company, not inconsistent with its use as a pub-
lic market. The buildings herein designated to be
used for tho purposes of a market shall be used for
no other purpose inconsistent therewith, but the
same shall remain a public market as hereinbefore
described. And the said company shail, whenever
any part or parts of said buildings, stalls, stands, ifce.,
for market purposes are ready for use or occupancy,
offer thesame for sale at public auction for oneoi more
years to the highest bidder or bidders, subject to the
payment of an annual rent, the amount of which to be
fixed by the mayor and common council of tne city of
Washington and the directors of this incorporation,
and public notice shall be riven of the day of said sale
in two or more daily newspapers published in the oity
oi W ashinrton.for two weeks previous to s*ids lei,aiid
by handbills, to be posted up in said market-grounds,
ten days prerious thereto; and all subsequent sales
and leases thereof shall be made on similar notice and
in the same manner; and the said company shall
hare fnll power to assess and collect rents for the use
ot^said buildings, stands, stalls, and grounds afore-
said. The stalls, stands, and privileges of all kinds
m said market to be used for market purposes, wh en
offered at public sale, shallbe lettothe highest bid-
der, and there shall be no bidding on the part of said
company, directly or indirectly; but said company,
with the consent of the mayor and ald*rmen of tho
eity of Washington, may fix a minimum rate of bids
atsuchsale; andtheperson who shall offer the high-
est price at or beyond such minimum, for any suet)
