3958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
The next amendment was that proposed by
Mr. Reeves, as follows:
Insert after t!ie word "Manila," in section one,
line three, the words "lead, copper, and copper
sheeting; " so that part of the bill will read, 'that
upon all imported lumber, timber, hemp, Manila,
lead, copper, and copper sheeting," &c.
The question was put; and there were on a
division—ayes 62, noes 63.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 1X4, nays 58, not voting
58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Barry, Jieatty,
Beck, Benton, Biggs, Bingham, Booker, James
Brooks, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Calkin,
Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Coburn, Cook, Cox, Crebs,
Cullom, Davis, Dickinson, Donley, Dox, Dyer, Ela,
Eldrklge, Farnsworth, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gilfillaii,
Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Harris, Hawkins,
Heflin, Holman, Ingersoll, Johnson, Alexander II.
Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence,
Lewis, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, Mayhain, Mc-
Cormick, McKenzie, McNeely, Mercur, Eliakim H.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morgan,
Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Myers, Niblack,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Perce, Pomeroy,
Potter, Prosser, Randall, Reeves, Rice. Ridgway,
Sargent, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, 1 orter
Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph
S. Smith, William J. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stokes, Stone. Strader, Swann, Sweeney. Tanner,
Townsend, Trimble, Tyner, Van Auken, voorhees,
Ward, Wells. Wheeler, Whitmore, Williams, Eugene
M. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Atwood, Banks,
Beaman, Bennett, Blair, Bufflnton, Burchard,
Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Conger, Duval, Ferriss,
Pinkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Hale, Ilawley, Ilay,
Hays, Hill, Hotchkiss, Jenckos, Judd, Kellogg, Kel-
sey, Ketoham, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew,
Samuel P. Morrill. Negley, Newsham, Paine, Peters,
Phelps, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Worth-
ington C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stousrhton, Strickland, Strong, Taylor, Tillman,
Twicnell. Van Horn, Wallace, William B. Wash-
burn, Wilkinson, Wiliard, Winans, and Witcher—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Barnum, Benja-
min. Bird, Boles, Bowon, Boyd, George M.Brooks,
Back, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick R.Butler, Cessna,
William T. Clark, Clinton L.Cobb, Conner, Cuvode,
Cowles, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery,
Ferry, Gibson. Hambleton. Bamill, Hamilton, Hea-
' ton, Hoar, Iloge, Hoopor, Thomas L. Jones, Julian,
Knapp, McCrary, MeKee, Milnes, Morphis, Munsen,
Palmer, Peck, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Rogers, San-
ford, Shanks, Shober, Stevens, Taffe, Upson, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Cadwalnder C. Washburn,
Welker, John T. Wilson, and Winchester—53.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The amendment to the
original bill having been disposed of, the ques-
tion recurs on the amendments to the substitute.
Mr. LYNCH. I will now withdraw the sub-
stitute, if there is no objection.
Mr. ALLISON and others objected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think if gentlemen
understood that the substitute is substantially
the same as the bill as it now stands they would
not object to its withdrawal, unless they want
to occupy the whole day.
The SPEAKER. The first amendment pro-
posed to the substitute, by way of perfecting it,
is that of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cox,] which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the word " material," in line
twelve, as follows;
And where American material is used in the con-
struction of vessels or steamers of not less than one
thousand tons, there shall be allowed and paid, as
aforesaid, an amount equivalent to the duties im-
posed on similar articles of foreign manufacture when
imported.
The question was put; and the amendment
was agreed to—ayes 79, noes 88.
The SPEAKER. The next question is on
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Reeves,] to amend the substitute
by inserting after the word " Manila," in line
three, the words "lead, copper, and copper
sheeting."
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next question is on
(he amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Davis,] to insert at the end of sec-
tion three the following proviso :
Provided, That all sums to be paid under this sec-
tion shall be paid out of moneys collected under the
fcurth section of this act, and shall not exceed the
ahounts that shall be collected under said fourth
section.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw that amendment.
It is no longer applicable.
The SPEAKER. The next question is on
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison,] to insert after the words "pas-
sage of this act," on page 2, section one, line
seven, the words " and of not less than one
thousand tons burden."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Myers,] to strike out in section one the
words " not less than one thousand tons" and
insert "not less than five hundred tons bur-
den." This amendment was offered under a
misapprehension. No such words have been
inserted.
Mr. MYEES. I withdraw that amendment.
The question recurred upon agreeing to_ Mr.
Lynch's substitute, as amended, which is as
follows:
That upon all imported lumber, timber, hemp,
Manila, lead, copper, and copper sheeting, and tor
iron and steel not advanced beyond rod bars and
bolts, plates, beams, and forgings, which may be used
and wrought up into the construction of steam or
sail vessels built in the United States, and finished
after the passage of this act, whether for the hull,
rigging, eauipment, or machinery of such vessels,
there shall be allowed and paid by the Secretary of
the Treasury, under such regulations as he may pre-
scribe, a rebate or drawback equal to the duties
which may have been paid on such material.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all ship stores
and coal, to bo usdd and consumed by any vessel on
its voyage from any port of the United States to any
foreign port, may, in such quantity and under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe, be taken in whole packages in bond, and
disposed of for such purposes, free of import and
internal duty and tax.
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes that
the substitute is identical with the bill as it now
stands.
Mr. LYNCH. There was an amendment
adopted to the original billon motion of the
gentleman from New York [Mr.Schumaker]
i hich is not in the substitute.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stands cor-
rected. The amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Schumaker] applies to the
original bill and not to the substitute. That
is the only difference.
Mr. ALLISON. That ought to be in the
substitute.
Mr. BECK. I beg to correct the Chair.
There is another very important difference.
The first section of the substitute confines
the operations of the bill to vessels built after
the passage of this act, while the original bill
refers to vessels that may have been finished
ten years ago.
Mr. BURR. Is it in order to move to
attach the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Schumaker] to the substi-
tute ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con
sent.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
The question was put on agreeing to the
substitute; and there were—ayes 94, noes 34.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill,
as amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. REEVES. Is it in order now to move
to annex the amendment of my colleague, [Mr.
Schumaker?]
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con
sent.
Mr. REEVES. I ask unanimous consent.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the yeas and nays
on ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 60, nays 111, not voting
59; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Ayer, Banks,
Barry, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Biggs, Bingham,
Booker, Bowen,. James Brooks, Calkin, Churchill,
Cleveland, Davis, Ela, Bldridge, Farnsworth. Fer-
ris?, Fitch, Fox, Griswold, Haight, Hale, Harris, Hol-
man, Hotchkiss, Jenckes. Johnson, Alexander II.
Jones, Kellogg, Ketcham, Laflin, Lash,Lynch, May-
ham, McKenzae, Morgan, SamuelP. Morrill, Morris-
sey, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Potter, Reeves. Roots, bar-
gent,Sawyer, Schumaker, Lionel A. Shel'don.Slocutn,
Starkweather, Tanner, Wallace, AVells, Wheeler,
Eugene M. Wilson, and Wood—60.
nays—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Arm-
strong, Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Beaman, Beatty, Blair,
Boles, GeorgeM. Brooks,Buffinton,Burchard, Burr,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Coburn,
Cook, Conger, Crebs, Cullom, Degener, Dickinson,
Donley, Dox, Duval, Dyer, Fisher, Garbeld, Getz,
Gilfillan,Haldeman, Hamill, Hawkins, Ilawley, Ilay,
Hays, Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Ingersoll, Judd,
Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis, Lo-
gan, Loughridge, Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy,
McGrew, McNeely, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim H.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel, J.
Morrell, Myers, Negley, Newsham, Niblack, 0 Neil!,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Pom-
eroy, Prosser, Randall, Ridgway, Schenek, Scofield,
Sherrod, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William,Smyth,
Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland,
Strong, Swann, Sweeney,Taylor, Tillman, Townsend,
Tyner,Upson,Voorhees, Ward,William B.Washburn,
Welker, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Williams, Winans,
Witcher, and Woo6ward—111.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Barnum,
Beck, Bird, Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick
R. Butler, Cessna, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Connor, Covode, Cowles, Cox,
Dawes. Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Ferry, Finkeln-
burg, Gibson, Hambleton, Hamilton, Heaton, Hoge,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Knapp, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, McKee, Morphis, Mungen, Palmer, Poland,
Porter, Rice, Rogers, Sanford, Shanks, Porter Shel-
don, Shober, Stevens, Stevenson, Taffe, Trimble,
Twichell, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wiliard, John T.
Wilson, and Winchester—59.
So the House refused to order the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. JOHNSON (having voted in the affirm-
ative) said: I rise to make a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. JOHNSON. If this substitute is voted
down do we then have a vote on the original
bill?
The SPEAKER. That question will be in
order after the result of this vote shall have
been announced.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will change my vote to
the affirmative, though I desire to vote for the
original bill.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Upon this bill I am paired
with Mr. Barnum, of Connecticut. If here he
would vote for the bill, and I would vote
against it.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I voted " no" under
a misapprehension when ray name was called.
I am paired on this question with Mr. Buck,
of Alabama. If he were present he would vote
"ay" and I would vote "no." I withdraw
my vote.
The vote of Mr. Fixkelnburg was accord-
ingly withdrawn.
Mr. COBB, of V/isconsin. On this question
I am paired with General Washburn, my col-
league. If he were present he would vote for
this bill, while I would vote against it.
Mr. BECK. I ask leave to withdraw my
vote. I believe I am paired with Mr. Cessxa,
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. GARETELD, of Ohio. How would the
gentleman vote?
Mr. BECK. I would have voted "no,"
and Mr. Cessna would have voted "ay."
Mr. PETERS. I do not believe he would.
Mr. RANDALL. He would have been
the only Representative from Pennsylvania
who would have voted for the bill.
Mr. BECK. Very well; I will only state
that I am paired, without stating how any one
would have voted. I ask leave to withdraw
my vote.
The vote was accordingly withdrawn.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Should the vote just
announced be reconsidered will it then be in
order to move to recommit this bill to the
