112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Ho. of Reps.
Naval Expenditures, &c.—Mr. Cox.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
sent through the malls at regular postage would pay
less than live hundred thousand dollars. I hope to
s>ee the franking privilege abolished, but on no such
absurd pretense as that it will save $5,000,000. I
really think that if the mathematicians who put
these figures in the heads of these two Secretaries
could be brought to light and set to work the public
aobt would be paid before the expiration of this
Administration! [Laughter.] These are 'mint,
and anise, and cummin/ but the 'weightier matter'
is the contrast in the footings of this Secretary—
328,441,781 37, estimated for this year against
#15,95(5,666 appropriated last year." * * *
" Why, sir, this book of estimatescontainsestimates
for appropriations for public works of S24,625,173 85,
against appropriations for thesameobjectslastyear
of $5,493,000! Sir, the Administration of Andrew
Johnson surrendered to the allegation that it had
been profligate in expenditures. The people triod
it upon that charge and found it guilty, and took
from it the scepter of power, and put it in our hands
upon our professions of economy in the administra-
tion of the public service. And the people intend
to hold us to our protession and promise."
i4 Now, sir, what did Andrew Johnson, in the last
year of his administration, estimatejthat he would
carry on this Government for ? He estimated that
he would carry it on for $303,000,000, and we cut down
the appropriations $20,000,000 below his estimate.
But his own estimate of the cost of carrying on the
Government, which the people at the polls declared
to be profligate and unreasonable, was $303,000,000.
44 Now, sir, what does our own Administration esti-
mate that it will carry on the Government for for the
ncxtyear? Thesum estimated for is $331,097,174 (32; an
increase over the last estimate of the administration
of Andrew Johnson for 18t>9—70 of 828,097,174 62. But
we cut down his estimates $20,000,0u0, so that the
exact difference between this book of estimates
for the present Administration and the appropria-
tions made the last year of Andrew Johnson's admin-
istration is $49,682,537 01. It is due to the Post Office
Department to say that there is an error of $7,000,-
000 in the footing, which reduces the amount to some
$42,000,000. But behind and not entering into these
estimates in the little sugar-plum of §800,000 thatmy
friend irom Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] proposes
to prepare the way for the local Representatives
from Philadelphia to advocate here tor League Isl-
and. Back of it, too, is the Bay of Samana, and the
Island of St. Thomas, at $7,500,000 in gold. And back
of it, too, is whatevery man who has heretofore been
in this House knows as the millions of dollars that
will come back on those appropriation bills from the
other end of the Capitol. All of these items are to be
added to the figures I have given.
" Sir, here and here alone, upon this floor, are the
pledges of the Republican party to bo redeemed. We
can have no aid from the other end of the avenue;
we can have no aid Irom the other end of the Capi-
tol. It is here and here alone that the pledges are to
be redeemed."
"I have a right to complain of the other end of
the avenue, that with all its professions of economy
and reduction of unnecessary force m the Depart-
ments, with all the heralding by telegraph or other-
wise of its purpose of reduction, there is not one of
these Departments that does not estimate to-day, m
the book I have before rae, for an increase of ex-
penditure over the appropriations of last year, save
only one, and that is the poor, unpopular Attorney
General. I hope it is not becau3cof this remarkable
trait in his character that it is contemplated at the
other end of this Capitol to relieve him from further
public service and to drive him into private life."
When this remarkable indictment was framed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
I)awes,] he was replied to with severity, almost
"'read out1' ofhis party. Rallying again, under
Democratic assistance by our voice and votes,
he returned to the attack. Thus it is that he
disposes of the profligate Cabinet and Execu-
tive who spurned his efforts for economy;
. "Isaytoyou,Mr. Chairman, that I visited, accord-
ing to the charge imposed upon me by that commit-
tee, the Interior Department and the Treasury De-
partment, and when one of the committee had to go
home I took off his hands the War Department. The
other members of the committee visited every other
Department and portrayed these differences to them
jind reported to the committee, each one, that they
found that all were sorry that they were so great,
but as for their respective Departments they could
not cut down their estimates. I wentto the Interior
Department, and it is due to that Secretary to say,
while he said it was impossible to cutdownthe force
in his Department, hecould curtail the expenditures
outside the hospital for the insane, in the Deaf
and Dumb Institution, and in the lying-in-women's
hospital. [Laughter.]
"At the same time, when he could not cutdownthe
estimates for appropriations in hisown Department—
1 say it without meaning to reflect upon him—there
was a single bureau there, the Land Office, that
liatiaccuir.ulated $479,000, unexpended balance, be-
cause it had received appropriations from year to
year more than it could use, and was now asking in
addition, without saying a word about this money
on hand, $248,000 more, while saying positively to
the committee that he could not curtail one penny.
One bureau in that Department, the Patent Office,
of its own accord cut down the expenditures, upon
our request, $30,000; and the appropriations for the
Indian Bureau,with the cooperation of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, have been reduced in the
appropriation bills from the estimates §1,700,000.
44 I went, sir? from the Interior Department to the
Treasury Department. I presented these differences
to the Secretary of the Treasury. There was no
intimation, either there or anywhere else, that there
was any mistake. The Secretary, in an entirely
friendly and frank interview, said : 'I know those
great differences; I am sorry for them; but I cannot
help it.' 4 Cannot you cut down in this Depart-
ment? Cannot you make out a bill reorganizing
your Department, with a reduction of salaries V
'•I do not see how I can.'
" Sir, there was much conversation of a friendly
character between the Secretary and myself in no
way disparaging to him or his desire tor economy,
which i would be glad fully to disclose if it were be-
coming that I should, and it is only from necessity
of self-defense I make this statement at all here, and
with his full consent that I should make it. I went
away from the Treasury Department discouraged. I
took counsel of influential gentlemen in my party,
with this book under my arm, which has been my
constant companion for six weeks, and I was advised
to go to the President himself. I went to the Pres-
ident and I laid these estimates before him, and
these differences between this year and the next.
Sir, I do not know that I have his confidence. I do
not know buthehasmoreconfidence in my colleague
than in myself. [Laughter.] It may be sir, that he
will take him into his bosom and warmhim into new
life. [Renewed laughter.] I know not how that
may be, nor can I calculate what will be the conse-
quence if he should. [Laughter.]
"But I feel that the President believes mo to be
his friend and will surely do all in my power to sup •
port him; and I think that the simple report of
what passed between him and me, so like him, so
true was he to himself and to his pledges, would be
a better vindication of him and me than anything
else which could be stated. Ho talked with me of
economy, and the best means of securing it. He said
that his influence would bo exerted to the utmost to
bring down these estimates. He said that he had
made a personal examination of the estimates for
the War Department, and knowing the necessities
of that Department bettor than those of any other,
he thought these estimates were cut down as low as
they possibly could be. After that statement from a
man who hns had so much experience in the wants
of the War Department, and whose polar star in the
administration of public affairs is honesty and econ-
omy, I did not think it worth while to appeal from
him to a Secretary who had not been a month in his
seat, and who, I regret to say, aided by an official
letter my colleague yesterday in his assault upon
the Committee on Appropriations for their effort to
reduce expenditure."
Every one of these thrusts are those of a
friend. He would save his party from their
doom. Do they hearken to his counsels ? The
conclusion of this Congress will show. The
system, or lack of system, which I have shown
in the Navy Department, where the law is
not observed; where accountability to this
Congress is practically denied ; where exorbi-
tant demands are made, beyond all that rancor
ever attributed to the preceding Administra-
tion, prove that the people lean upon a fragile
reed when they lean on those in power here
for economy.
Whether we look to the confession of the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela]
as to the enormous increase of the paper,
binding, and printing expenditures over last
year, or whether to the enormous cost of
folding documents, which the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Finket/nburg] moved to reduce
$50,000 from $500,000; whether to the " great
abuse" in the use of stationery referred to by
the Republican member from Ohio, [Mr.
Welker;] whether to the deficiency from in-
vestigating committees and contested-election
cases of $30,000 over appropriations, as stated
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes ;] whether to the military Capitol police
force, costing, as that gentleman says, $20,000
every year more than in 1867, and £t stuffed
full of idle and unnecessary men;" whether we
look outside of these Halls to yonder Wash-
ington navy-yard, where the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] tells us that for
twenty officers alone the salaries, &c., are
$91,653 33, when $10,000 would answer every
purpose of efficiency, vigilance, and economy;
whether he refers us to the ' 'Admiral's yacht,"
costing $2,500 per day for li useless pomp,"
orwhether4ie sumsuphis pursuit for reform
and frugality under difficulties around the cir-
cle of the Departments, as he has so graphic-
ally painted it in the quotation I have made;
whether on little or big items, on detail or
principles, we have the admission of the friends
of the Administration that it is full of the most
"unaccountable" ofaccountants, and the most
reckless of official spendthrifts !
Not only does this Administration fail to
reduce taxes aud tariffs; not only do they in-
dulge in the extravagance of war in time of
peace ; not only are they thus putting off the
day of resumption of a sound currency which
can never come till economy is reached and
taxation lessened ; but they are convicted of
these charges by those of their own household.
Did notthegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
DAWEs]tell ushow he swung around the Cabinet
circle and at last entered the executive pres-
ence, pleading in vain for economy ? Did
he not expose how each and all made their
excuses?
So long as some four hundred millions can be
wrung by tariff devices and ingenious taxation,
inquisitorial processes, and military force from
the people, so long will these " excesses5' of
expenditure continue. Our Government was
once considered the cheapest and best on earth.
Now we are so aggrandized by power and pre-
tension that it costs one fourth of every labor-
ing man's earnings to keep up the State! The
modest splendor of the early Presidents; the
unassuming pomp of a former day, when the
Executive Mansion and legislative chambers
were not tricked out like saloons, nor guarded
by military stipendiaries, when simplicity ruled
and dishonesty was the exception, has indeed
departed.
This Administration came into power on
specious pledges of reform. They have thus
far failed in them all. It is for the people to
apply the remedy.
APPENDIX.
Navy Department, January 29,1809.
Sir:  .#*•«. It was not my intention
at this session of Congress to urge an increase in any
of the proposed appropriations, reduced as they have
been without consultation with the Department,from
estimates made upon carefully gathered data, and
without any expression from the committee report-
ing the bill as to how the money should be applied
or where expended; but feeling it aduty to call atten-
tion to the embarrassments likely to arise from the
adoption of the bill as passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, irrespective of the amounts appropri-
ated, I improve the occasion to say. that in the pres-
ent condition of the vessels of the Navy the amount
included in the bill for "steam-engineering" is not
adequate for the squadrons afloat, nor for a Navy
upon anything approaching a respectable peace
establishment.
In accordance with the oft-repeated views of Con-
gress, expressed in various ways, and in consequence
of the reduced appropriations, the expenditures upon
naval vessels have for the last two or three years
been restricted to the actual amount necessary to
keep a small number afloat. If vessels have not
been needed for immediate use they were upon re-
turning from service laid up without repair. A large
expenditure will berequired—larger now than would
have been necessary had the repairs' been made when
the vessel went out of commission—but the funds
were not provided. It is a wise and economical
policy to repair vessels of the permanent Navy and
put their machinery in order as they return from
service, and a Government whosecommercial inter-
ests are as extensive as those of the United States,
and whose naval power is so often appealed to,
should always have vessels in readiness for any
emergency. If not required for immediate special
service they will not long remain unused, but be
needed to replace those which have been abroad for
the usual term. Such vessels as the Hartford, Lan-
caster, Colorado,Wabash, Minnesota, Susquehanna,
Wyoming, Wachusctt, Juniata, Brooklyn, and Mo-
nongahela, are in home ports; but months will bo
required to fit any one of them for service.
If those who succced me are embarrassed for the
want of vessels or means it shall be through no fault
of mine, for it has been my endeavor that the wants
of the service and the true interests of the country
should be faithfully presented to Congress. In my
annual reports, as well as in special communications
of the Navy Department, and in this letter, my object
has been and is the welfare of the service.
It is a satisfaction to know that the Department is
