1870.
THE COtfGRESSICmX GLOBE.
8015
certainly ought to dispose of it imtMdiMuly.
I hope, therefore, that the Senate will make it
* gnMiiol AThAP
Mr. CORBETT. I hope that this bill will
be made a special order. The election comes
off in our State on the second Monday in June,
and it is absolutely necessary that this bill
should be disposed of before that time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 89, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony. Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Cole. Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Fen ton, Flanagan, Harlan, Harris, How-
ard, Howell, Kellorg, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye. Osoorn, Patterson, Revels, Rice,
Robertson, Rosa, Sawyer, Sohur*. Soott, Sherman,
Spencer,Stewart. Sumner. Trumbull, Warner, Wil-
ley. Wilson, and Yates—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Buckingham, Casserly,
Davis, Ferry, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin. Mc-
Creery. McDonald, Norton, Pomeroy, and Stook-
ton—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carpenter, Cat tell, Chandler,
Conkling, Fowler.Uilbert. Hamilton of Texas.Howe,
Johnstoa,Lewis,Morton.Pool, Pratt, Ramsey. Sauls-
bury, Sprngue, Thayer. Thurman, Tipton, Vickers,
and William?—21.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two thirds hav-
ing voted in the affirmative the bill is made a
special order, and will go upon the Calendar
as a special order for to-morrow, to come in
after the bill for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
military supplies in rebel states.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
resumes the consideration, by unanimous con-
sent, of the bill (S. No. 249) for the settlement
of claims for quartermaster and commissary
stores furnished to or taken by the United States
within the States in rebellion during the late
war, upon which the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Pratt] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PRATT. Before proceeding to discuss
the merits of this bill I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the act of Congress of
February 21, 1867, which this bill in part re-
peals. I will read the act. It is not a long
one:
" Beit enacted, <fce„ That the provisions of chapter
two hundred and forty of the acts of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, first session, approved July 4,1864,
shall not be construed to authorize the settlement of
any claim for supplies or stores taken or furnished
for the use of or used by the armies of .the United
States, nor for the occupation of or injury to real
estate, nor for the consumption, appropriation, or
destruction of or damage to personal property by the
military authorities or troops of the United States,
where such claim originated during the war for the
suppression of the southern rebellion, in a State or
part of a State declared in insurrection by the proc-
lamation of the President of the United States, dated
July 1.1862, or in a State which by an ordinance of
secession attempted to withdraw from the United
States Government: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall repeal or modify the effect of any
act or_ joint resolution extending the provisions of
the said act of July 4,1864, to the loyal citizens of the
btate of Tennessee, or of the State of West Virginia
or any county therein.
Mr. President, we have spent much time this
session in maturing measures to preserve the
national credit, We are looking hopefully for-
ward to the extinguishment of the national
debt. All have concurred in the necessity of
preserving the nation's faith toward its credit-
or8-. . a just pride that onr public se-
curities command such confidence in the money
markets of the world. We even hope to nego-
tiate new bonds to take the place of the exist-
ing ones at a less rate of interest than any other
nation pays. This hope comes from the con-
fidence we have inspired in the country's re-
sources and in its justice and honor. These
are the important elements of a nation'scredit,
as they are of that of individuals. The fact is
patent, that after a devastating civil war of four
years' duration, within a period of less than
five years of peace, such is our recuperative
energy, so great and multiplied our resources,
so spotless our integrity, that our public secur-
ities have risen to nearly the par of gold; and
this, too, although our debt is the largest of any
nation Rave one.
But beyond our recognized debt expressed
in our bonds and legal-teuder issue there is a
vast outlying tadebtedneA, hitfnf no form of
recognition, from which we persistently turn
away onr eyes. We refuse to take its meas-
ure, to calculate its height and depth. We
would fain reason ourselves into the belief that
we may intrench ourselves with quotations from
the publicists, with apt extracts from Grotius,
Bynkershoek, and Vattel, and avoid meeting
this indebtedness face to face. Day by day the
claimants throng these corridors and clamor
for justiee. Day by day the justice of the Gov-
ernment is impeached and its honor questioned.
Sooner or later, sir, we must pass definitely
upon the legal and moral questions which under-
lie all these claims. Why occupy the time of
the committees with their laborious investiga-
tion if they are not to be paid ? Why subject
the tlaimants to the expense of preparing their
proofs, and coming here year after year, if after
all it be our determination to make no recom-
pense for their losses?
The claims of which I speak are those which
grew out of the operations of the land and naval
forces during the war, in the seizure, appropria-
tion, or destruction ofthe property of loyal men.
A part only are covered by the bill under con-
sideration.
We are dealing with these questions not as
a court of admiralty charged with the condem-
nation of property seized or captured in war,
but as the political department of the Govern-
ment. The property of loyal men, entitled to its
protection,~~and innocent of crime, has been lost
to them, and their only redress is through Con-
gress. I f denied here there is no forum to which
they may resort. In disposing of these ques-
tions Congress is circumscribed by no narrow,
technical rules. It were derogatory to its high
' character to allow itself for a moment to be
| trammeled by them. As representing the moral
I sense of the nation, it is bound to do what is
j just, what is equitable, what is becoming our
i Christian civilisation. While we are the custo-
| dians of the national treasure we are likewise
; guardians of the national honor.
i Assigned to daty on the Committee on Claims
| in this body, it has been my opportunity to know
1 how much cruel injustice is being done to hun-
I dreds of worthy men and women and orphan
children in withholding from them their just
dues. In presenting in a collective body these
unrecognized creditors of the Government
1 whose claims, in my judgment, are as valid
and sacred as those of the bondholders, it will
facilitate my purpose to classify them so far as
I am able.
Their losses have arisen, then, either—
First, in the seizure by our troops from loyal
men of food, forage, fuel, live stock, and farm
products generally for use, ranging mostly un-
der the head of what are termed quartermaster
and commissary stores, and which took the place
of just so much property or supplies necessary
for the Army, and which otherwise must have
been purchased.
iSecondly, in the seizure of like property to
I prevent its failing into the hands of the enemy.
I Thirdly, in the seizure of vessels in southern
I waters belonging to loyal owners, or recaptur-
; ing such vessels from the enemy after seizure
, by them.
| Fourthly, in the occupation and use of houses,
I buildings, and lands of men friendly to the
j Government for the use of the Army, and for
j injuries done them, the fences, and crops.
| [ There is a fifth class, whose merit I do not
1 discuss, _ consisting in wanton or accidental
| destruction of property belonging to loyal
j owners during the operations of the Army,
! which would not have occurred had the Army
j not been there; or being there, would not in
| many cases have happened had proper dis-
| cipline been maintained. There may be and
■ doubtless are cases not falling within this classi-
fication ; but this will suffice for my purpose,
j In order to bring home to the Senate the real
merits of these claims, let me present a few ex-
I amples from cases now lying upon your table
awaiting yoor aetion'. Bear in mind in every
case the property waa lost to the loyal man,
not in consequence of any crime or fault of
■his, but because it was on the theater of war
or in the pathway of the Army. It was lost
in consequence of the war and as an incident
of the war.
When General Burnside was in command
of Knoxville, with his ill-provided army, and
the rapid approach of Longstreet was known,
obeying that necessity which admits of no delay
and knows no law, he seized two hundred and
fifty-six bales of cotton belonging to a loyal mer-
cantile firm of the city and used them to com-
plete his works of defense. They were used
for making parapets and traverses. At Fort
Saunders, where the assault of the enemy was
made with the greatest vigor, and where tftey
were repulsed with greatest slaughter and with
little loss to us, every traverse and bomb proof
waa of cotton. That memorable siege has
passed into history, and is one of the bright
spots of the war. That hastily constructed
fortification of cotton bales probably saved
Knoxville and the army. In the hurry of
military operations no vouchers were given to
the patriotic merchants who readily threw open
their store-houses upon the general's demand.
This cotton, or a great part of it, was wasted
and destroyed by fire while under the control
of the military authorities. Well, sir, in a case
so seemingly plain as this, the owners of this
cotton have been seeking justice of this Gov-
ernment since 1864 through every avenue of
approach. Their papers, soiled with mueh
handling, show the marks of a dozen differenf
officials. But all has been to no purpose, and
they have at last brought their case before
Congress. General Burnside and the officers
under his command bear the most generous
, testimony to the loyalty of these claimants, and
; show how freely they yielded their property to
I the necessities of the army, and how merit-
: orious is their claim for recompense; and yet
we hesitate.
I And here is a case of another kind, belong-
ing to a numerous class. A colored man, with
a large family, freed by his aged mistress, had
j accumulated upon her plantation in Virginia,
|| within the military district of Washington, up-
' ward of two thousand dollars in live stock and
farm products. And I will say to my friend
from Kentucky [Mr. McCreery] that this is the
case to the consideration of which he objected
the other day when it was called on the Calendar.
I His mistress had a safeguard which extended
to person, house, and property. This section
of the country was often visited by detach-
ments of troops. They encamped on And near
the plantation. They needed food and forage,
I; and it was fnrnished unstintedly so long as it
)j lasted. His farm was well stocked with horses,
|, cattle, sheep, and hogs. In a few months every
hoof was gone; all his corn, oats, hay, and
;| meal were appropriated. Sometimes vouchers
i were given, oftener not. Those given were not
| in proper form. He was always told, when he
I parted with his property, that the Government
would reimburse him. He was stripped of
j everything; but he never complained. He was
i a friend of the soldiers. He knew their mission
i. and generously trusted to their assurances that
II the Government would make him whole. This
]! colored man, fit type of his race in his simple
! trust and loyal devotion, is here with his peti-
| tion for relief. But what, sir, should be said
1 of the large body of loyal men in Virginia in-
I habiting the Shenandoah and connecting val-
leys whose property was so ruthlessly driven
away and consumed by fire in the fall of 1864 ?
You remember the letter of instructions of
General Grant to General Hunter under which
this devastation occurred. J't ran thus :
"In pushing up the Shen?ndoah valley, where it
is expected you will have tc, go first or last, it is desir-
able that nothing should be left to invite the enemy
to return. Tako all provisions, forage, and stock
wanted for the use </i your command; such as can-
not be oonsume<J. destroy. It is not desirable that
