1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3959
select Committee on the Causes of the Redac-
tion of American Tonnage?
The SPEAKER. That motion would then
be in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote
with the prevailing side?
Mr. MAYNARD. I did. And I give notice
that should my motion prevail I will follow it
with a motion to recommit the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Without permission to
report at any time?
Mr. HALE. Of course.
Mr. ALLISON. T move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The question of engrossment is put in this form,
namely: Shall thcbillbeengrossedandreadathird
time ?' If it be negatived, the bill is rejected.*'
message fttom tub president.
A message from the President, by Mr. Hor-
ace Porter, his Private Secretary, informed
the House that the President had approved
and signed a hill (H. R. No. 1293) to enforce
the rights of citizens of the United States to
vote in the several States of the Union, and
for other purposes.
american commerce.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (EL R. Ho. 1889) to revive the navigation
and commercial interests of the United States.
The pending question was upon the motion
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the House refused to order
the bill, as amended, to be engrossed and read
a third time ; and being taken, upon a division
there were—ayes 73, noes 08.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. LYNCH called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 09, nays 95, not voting
G6: as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Asper,
Barry, lieaman, Beatty. Blair, Buffinton, Burchard,
Burr, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Begencr,
Dickinson, Box, Duval, Dyer, Garfield, Getz, II ai-
deman, Hamill, Hawkins, iiawiey, Hay, Ingorsoll,
Judd, Kelsey, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan,
Loughridge, McCormick, McGrew, MeNecly, Milnes,
Bhakiin II. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Ncwsham, Nib-
lack, Orth, Packard, Paine, Randall, Ridgway,
Sclienck, Scofield, Sherrod, John A. Smith, William
.Smyth, Stevenson, Stiles. Stokes, Stoughton.Strader,
Strickland, Swann, Sweeney, Tyncr, Van Auken,
Wclker, Wilkinson, Willard, Win&ns, Witcher, and
Woodward—G9.
NAYS—-Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Arnell, Axtell,
Ayer, Bailey, Bennett. Benton, Bingham, Booker,
Bow en, George M.Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake,
Calkin, Churchill, Cleveland, Conger, Cox, Davis,
Donley, Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworfh, Ifcrriss, fisher,
Fox, Gilfillan, Griswold, Haight, Hale, Harris, Hays,
licilin, Hill, Hoar, Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H, Jones, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kerr, Lafiin, Lash, Lynch, Marshall, Mayharn,
Maynard, McCarthy, McICee,_ McKenzie, Mercur,
AVilliam Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Morreil, Myers,
O'Neill, Packer, Peck, Perce, Peters. Phelps, Piatt,
Pomeroy, Potter, Prosser, Reeves, Roots, Sargent,
Sawyer, Schumalter, Lionel A. Sheldon, Joseph S.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Strong, Talfe, Tanner, Taylor. Town-
send, Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Van Horn, Wallace,
William B. Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Eugene M.
Wilson, John T.Wilson, and Wood—59.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Atwood, Banks,
Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, Boles, Boyd,
James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, Cessna, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb,
Ciinton L. Cobb, Conner, Covode, Cowles, Crebs,
Dawes, Dickey,Dixon, Dockery,Ferry, Finkelnburg,
Fitch,Gibson, Hambleton, Hamilton, Heaton, Iloge,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Ketcham,Knapp,McCrary,
Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen,
Nogley, Palmer, Poland, Porter, Rice, Rogers, San-
ford, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Shober, Slocum, Ste-
vens, Stone, Tillman, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voor-
hees, Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Whitmore,
Williams, and Winchester—66.
So the House refused to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider.
The question then recurred on the motion
to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to; there being—ayes
86, noes 62.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now move to recommit
the bill to the Committee on the Causes of the
Reduction of American Tonnage.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. With author-
ity to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. It is in the power of a
majority of the House to recommit the bill,
but it requires unanimous consent to authorize
the committee to report at any time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. To recommit
the bill without such authority kills it.
Mr. RANDALL. The bill is already killed;
we are only burying -it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call the previous ques-
tion on the motion to recommit.
Mr. INGBIISOLL. Is it in order to move
that the bill be laid on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being-
ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
motion ,to refer by inserting "Committee on
Commerce" instead of the "Committee on the
Causes of the Reduction of American Ton-
nage."
The SPEAKER. The motion to amend is
not in order pending the demand for the pre-
vious question. If the previous question should
not be sustained that motion can be enter-
tained.
The previous question was seconded; there
being—ayes 88, noes 32.
The main question was ordered, which was
upon the motion of Mr. Maynard to recommit
the bill.
The motionwas agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLS obtained leave to have printed,
as a part of the debates, some remarks on the
bill just recommitted. [See Appendix.]
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. C28) granting a pension to
Clark Hall; and
An act (S. No. 453) granting a pension to
J. 11. Callahan, of Chariton, Iowa.
elections in the district.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the House to
give unanimous consent to take from the
Speaker's table for consideration at the pres-
ent time the bill (S. No. 948) amendatory of
an act approved February 5, 1867, and joint
resolution approved March 29, 1867, relative
to judges and commissioners of election in the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, District
of Columbia.
Mr. WELKER, Mr. KELSEY, and others
objected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move to
proceed to business on the Speaker's table.
On the motion there were—ayes 55, noes 67.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Ferriss and
Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 53, noes G8.
So the motion was not agreed to.
washington police court.
On motion of Mr. COOK, by unanimous con-
sent, the bill (H. R. No. 38) to establish a
police court in the District of Columbia, was
taken from the Speaker's table; the amend-
ments of the Senate were non-concurred in, and
a committee of conference was requested.
Mr. COOK. I move to reconsider the action
just taken, and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
I demand the regular
tax bill.
Mr. MAYNARD.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2045) to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes.
The pending amendment, moved by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan",3 is to strike
out in line six hundred and twenty-nine, page
26, the proviso, as follows:
Provided, however. That the provisions of this sec-
tion shall not apply to any authorized distiller who
shall purify or refino distilled spirits of his own pro-
duction, in the courso of original distillation, from
mash, wort, or beer, through continuous closed ves-
sels and pipes, until the manufacture thereof is com-
plete.
On a division, the amendment was rejected;
and the gentleman from Illinois demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, in line
six hundred and fifty-three, page 27, strike out
" quart " and insert "gallon;" so it will read :
Every person who sells or offers for sal o distilled
spirits, wines, or malt liquors in quantity of not less
than one gallon at one time, and not to be drunk at
the place or on the premises where the sale is made,
shall be regarded as a wholesale liquor-dealer.
I think the necessity of an amendment of
this kind is obvious. Every person who sells
or offers to sell distilled spirits, wines, or malt
liquors in quantity of not less than one quart
at one time, and not to be drunk at the place
or on the premises where the sale is made,
shall be regarded as a wholesale liquor dealer.
The effect of this would be to compel retail
dealers in the small towns to take out a license as
wholesale dealers. There are no wholesale
dealers in the small towns and throughout the
country generally. Under the law as proposed
now retail dealers could not sell less than one
quart at one time and not to be drunk at the
place or on the premises where the sale is made
to farmers or- mechanics or to druggists or
chemists for legitimate purposes. It may not
be the purpose of the committee to impose a
burden of that kind on persons engaged in this
traffic. If the provision be insisted on as it is
in this bill the effect will be a constant violation
of the law, or the farmers and others who
come to town and want liquor for legitimate
purposes to take home with them will be unable
to procure it. There is not such business in
the small towns as would authorize them to
take out a license as wholesale dealers. The
amendment I propose will, I think, obviate the
difficulty. I hope the House will see the object
and the necessity almost for an amendment of
the kind I propose.
Mr. MAYNARD. The distinction in the
bill is borrowed from the State law, and the
committee think our national legislation ought
to follow and conform to it. I do not see any
.necessity for making the change proposed.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague on theCom-
mittee ofWaysand Means from Illinois will also
have to make some change in line two hundred
and forty-six, in relation to retail liquor dealers,
or otherwise under hjs amendment they could
sell half a gallon to be drunk at the place or
on the premises where sold. If one definition
be changed you will have to change the other.
The two are correlative. A retail dealer is
the man who sells less than a quart to be drunk
on the premises, and the wholesale dealer who
sells not less than a quart and not to be drunk
on the premises. If this amendment is to be
made in regard to wholesale dealers, we must
also amend the paragraph in relation to retail
dealers
Mr. MARSHALL. It may be necessary to
amend that paragraph. The object of my
amendment is to provide for farmers and those
who come to town for a gallon or half a gallon
to take home with them for family or farming
purposes. As the bill now stands, where fheJ"e
are no wholesale dealers the.se persons will be
cut oftj or the retail dealers wiJl be compelled
