18*70.]
APPENDIX TO THE OUNdEESSIUNAL ULOBE.
I to
41st Cong-....2d Sess.
Railroad Land Grants—Mr. Thurtaan.
Senate.
not responsible for the perishing and non-efficient
condition of our naval vessels which remain at the
wharves unfitted and unrepaired for service.
Very respectfully,
Secretary Navy.
Hon. James W. Grimes, United States Senator.
Navy DarARfuEXT* February 3, I860.
Scr: Transmitted herewith is a copy of a letter
addressed to Hon. Mr. Grimes, chairman of the Na-
val Committee of the Senate, rplative to the bill
making appropriations for the naval service for the
ensuing fiscal year. Some of the embarrassments
alluded to as likely to arise havo been guarded
against by the Senate; but as the amendments may
not without explanation be sustained by the House
it is deemed advisable to call the attention of the
Naval Committee to the points alluded to. It is
noticed that the Senate has reduced the appropria-
tions for needful repairs in some of the nayy-yards
bolow the amounts in the bill passed by the House
which were much less than the estimates. The coun-
try has many millions of dollars invested in vessels,
docks, wharves?, buildings, and other property at the
several navy-yards, requiring constant care and pro-
tection, and to neglect neediul repairs, whereby this
immense property, the accumulations of years, shall
perish and decay, is not deemed by the Department
economy.
Very respectfully, GIDEON WELLES,
Hon. F. A. Pike, Chairman _ .
Naval Committee House of Representatives.
Railroad land Grants.
SPEECH OF ALLEN G. TilUEMAN,
op oiiio,
Ik the United States Senate,
February 19, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration the bill (S.
No. 398) granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph lino from Portland to
Astoria and McMinnville, iu the State of Oregon-
Mr. TIIURMAN said:
Mr. President: 1 regret that 1 am com-
pelled to speak on this bill, if I am to speak
on it at all, iti a state of such ill health as
almost to disqualify me from saying a word ;
but J feel it a duty that I owe to my constitu-
ents to oppose the land-grant contained in this
bill, and to state as briefly as I may be able to
do the reasons of my opposition. If I needed
any justification for occupying the time of the
Senate on this subject, I might find it in the
resolutions of the General Assembly of my
Slate, passed by an almost or quite unanimous
vote, requesting her Senators to_ oppose all
grants of land to railroad companies, for rea-
sons that are forcibly stated in those resolu-
tions ; and now I embrace the first opportu-
nity that I have to comply with that request;
and I do it the more willingly because those
resolutions coincide with the dictates of my
own judgment, and because the case in which
the question arises is one in which, perhaps,
some improvements have been made upon the
land-grant bills that have heretofore passed,
and therefore the bill makes as good a test
case as any that will be likely to come before
Congress for its consideration.
Although this is a bill to grant to a little cor-
poration, as it has been called, in the State
of Oregon, a corporation chartered to build a
railroad of only one hundred miles in length,
with a branch of thirty miles, a land-subsidy
for that purpose, and it may, therefore, to those
who do not take time to consider it, seem a
email affair, in view of the mighty grants that
have boon heretofore made, yet I beg Senators
to mark the fact that this bill proposes to grant
to that State corporation more than twice as
much land as is contained in the whole State
of Khode Island, one fourth more land than is
contained in the whole State of Delaware. This
little State corporation, if this bill passes, for
this little road of one hundred miles, with a
branch of thirty miles, is to receive from the
bounty of the United States a territory more
than twice as great as one of the States of this
-Union.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 8.
Nov, it does seem to me that thut is s* mat-
ter -which should arrest our attention; that we
should not,consider it a, light qr ^ trifling affair,
whether we shall give tp a mere private cor-
poration, cre&tafi by a State, s*ii extent of
territory twice as great as tfc&t of one of the
sovereign States of the Union.
But before 1 proceed to> consider the policy
of these grants, I -wjsh to make spine obser-
vations that are pertinent to this bill alpue, to
suggest some objeetipns that I ^hali look with
great interest to see whether they-can be
answered ori)Qt-^-olyections that stand wholly
apart from the question whether the policy of
making these lapd-spbsidies is a good policy
or not. I have said that this is a corporation
created under the laws of Oregon, and net
under any law of the United States. I suppqse
there is no lawyer on this floor who needs to
be told that a corporation possesses no powers,
no faculties whatsoever, except such as are con-
ferred upon it by the law of its creation. The
first point, therefore, which I make in respeet
to this bill, after haying carefully road the
charter in the statutes of Oregon, is that there
is nowhere given to this company in its charter
any faculty of receiving or holding any such
donation as this. It has not the legal capacity
to take the grant; and therefore, if the grant
were made to-day, it would in legal contem-
plation be wholly inoperative.
I admit thattlie Legislature of Oregon might
confer that faculty upon it subsequently, and
then it might accept the grant; but at the time
I speak this corporation has no power what-
ever that enables it to accept this grant and
become the owner of this property. J ts facul-
ties are very limited. The railroad law of that
State, which I have read with care this morning,
seems to have been drawn with a studied pur-
pose of confining such corpoiations within very
narrow limits; and the only power that is given
to hold leal estate is the power to hold such
real estate as may bo necessary or convenient
for the making and operating of the road, a
clause well known to all railroad lawyers, and
universally interpreted, wherever it bas^ come
under judicial consideration, as convoying no
power whatever to acquire or hold any real
estate, except such as is necessary for the pur-
poses of the road; for instance, roadway, de-
pot-stations, water-stations, and the like ; uni-
versally construed in all courts not to authorize
them to hold any outlying ground, much less
to become a mammoth proprietor of real estate,
to become the owner of more than the whole
territory of one of the States of this Union 1
But it may be said that the State of Oregon
will confer upon this corporation this privilege
thus to become the great land monopolist of
that State. Who knows that it will do any
such thing? Who is authorized to say that it
will do any such thing ? I am very much of
the opinion that there are men, and I am in-
clined to think wise men, too, who if they
were in the Legislature of that State would
not consent that a private corporation should
become the owner of nearly one million seven
hundred thousand acres of land in the very
heart of the State. Nearly one million seven
hundred thousand acres of land are given to
this corporation by this bill, when no man can
tell but that the grant may include the richest
mineral lands as well as the richest agricul-
tural lands in the whole of that Slate. If the
road is to be made through the Coast range
of mountains, as we are told, it is to bo made
through a territory that has not been surveyed,
that has not been thoroughly explored m order
to ascertain what are its mineral resources.
There may bo on this road the richest mines
on the Pacific coast; and, it so, one entire
half of them is given to this corporation by
this bill if it become a law. We are giving in
the dark if we pass a bill without knowing what
may be the value or -the extent of our gut.
Sir, I think that the Legislature of my own
State, if a gift were ten4ered there of one
million six hundred thousand or one million
sqven hunched thpirsaiid apre.s qf land through
the he.art of Ohio to a priyate corporati.on,
WQuJpl say no. |t would want no such great
corporation holding such a monopoly of the
land of Ohio, and 1 am not authorised to say,
sjpd I do not kfiow that any one is authorized
to say, that the General Assembly of Oregon
will tajie ft different view of the subject- At.
all evepts, jt seems to me that it will be time
enough for us to make this grant when tlio
General Assembly of Oregon shall have con-
ferred upon this corporation the capacity to
receive it.
That, then, is my first objection. The power
given tp this corporation, as I stated, is the
usti^l power to hold real estate necessary fpr
the purposes of the roa4- That is all of it.
Not the least power, by any fair interpreta-
tion) to become tlje greatest dealer in real
estate to be found in Oregon ; not one word
of that.
Then, sir, I have other objections to the bill
apart from the general question involved iu it
in regard to the policy of granting lands. It
was said the other day when this bill was up
that there is a provision in it that removes one
of the most serious objections made to all other
bills of this land, and that that provision is
that the land granted to the company shall be
sold to actual settlers and to no other persona.
Now, if there is an effectual provision of that
kind in the bill, one that can be made operative
and that cannot be defeated, it is certainly a
great improvement upon any bill of this kind
that has heretofore passed Congress. But is
that the fact ? Is it the fact that this bill does
secure to actual settlers as well the laud
grauted to the railroad company as the land
retained by the United States? I am very
much afraid there is not. Although that pro-
vision is contained in the fourth section of the
bill, yet the fifth section, very obscurely drawn,
provides, upon any fair interpretation that i
can give it, that the company shall be author-
ized to execute a first mortgage, and that
without limitation, and therefore a first moit'
gage of the very land that we here grant; and
after having executed such first mortgage,
there is a provision that the net proceeds of
the lauds shall go to certain trustees in another
mortgage for the purpose of creating a sinking
fund. But suppose the first mortgage be cre-
ated and the condition bo broken, and the
mortgagees do not see fit to await the taidy
operation of this sinking fund, what then?
Then, sir, they go into the courts of Oregon,
foreclose their mortgage, and sell the property,
and then what becomes ol the provision that
the land granted can ouly bo ,sold to actual
settlers ? Defeated, sir; completely defeated.
And now, with the experience that we have
had, with the fact staring us in the face that
according to the statistics of railroads con-
structed in the United States, more than nine
out of every ten have been sold under their
mortgages upon decrees of foreclosure, or by
trustees, and with this uncertain enterprise
through an unknown country, are we prepared
to say that this road, which is to be made
through a wilderness, which we are told has
not twenty miles of populated country upon
it; this mere experiment, this road that is to
be made where there are no trade and popula-
tion to support it; are we prepared to say that,
there is no danger that it will ever _be sold
under its mortgage, and that, therefore, the
provision that the land shall be sold to actual
settlers will be carried into effect? 1 do not
think one of us can say so. Therefore, it does
seem to me that if this fifth section shall s;'a"K
as it is, the provision that the land shall bo
sold to actual settlers will scarcely be worth
the paper and ink with which it is printed.
