1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1127
Also, testimony and other papers in the case
«f George H. Iiupp, who applies for the pay-
Jen tof^ay master's check No. 4713, lost or
stolen from the mail. ,-nr.,,.-
Bv Mr. WINANS: The petition of William
Scott, postmaster, and 42 others, citizens of
Geoigirille, Ohio, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of John Myers and 44
others, citizens of Dialton, Clark county,
Ohio, for the same object.
Also, the petition of R. Woodruff and 80
others, citizens of Pleasant Valley, (Darby
Creek post office,) Madison county, Ohio, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of W. P. Chappel, post-
master, and 55 others, citizens of Range town-
ship,(Cross Roads post office,) Madison county,
Ohio, for the same object. _
Also, the petition of Thomas Martin, post-
master, and 90 others, citizens of Pleasant
township, (Catawba post office,) Clark county,
Ohio, for the same object.
Also, the petition of S. T. Baker, postmaster,
and 32 others, of citizens Grape Grove, Green
county, Ohio, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Silas Hull, postmaster,
and 16 others, citizens of Belbrook, Green
county, Ohio, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of C. Polloek and 104
others, citizens of Donnelsville, Clarke county,
Ohio, for the same nurpose.
By Mr. WITCHER: The petition of Elijah
Baker and 40 others, citizens of Leroy, Jack-
son county, West Virginia, praying the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of A. S. Casto and 30
others, citizens of Grass Lick, Jackson county,
West Virginia, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of William D. Berry and
50others, citizensof Bulltown, Braxton county,
West Virginia, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Harrison Mollohan and
45 others, citizensof Braxton county, West
Virginia, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Job M. Morrow and 10
others, citizens of Braxton county, West Vir-
ginia, for the same purpose.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 9, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
iuh, D. D.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, the reading
of the Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
excursion to virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senators
from Virginia have asked the Chair to allow
the following paper to be read by the Secre-
tary.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" Washington, February 9,1870.
"The members of both Houses of Congress who
have accepted an invitation to visit Richmond, Vir-
ginia, will please meet at the Baltimore depot in the
morning at a quarter before seven o'clock. The party
will breakfast at Alexandria, and will arrive in
Richmond in time for dinner. We will pass by the
Orange and Alexandria railroad and the Central
Virginia railroad, and return via Richmond and
Fredericksburg railroad. If parties going are not
supplied with tickets to-day they will be supplied
on the train to-morrow. Those gentlemen whohave
not been invited will receive an invitation for the
next excursion, which will be given some time during
the session. The ladies of members will be passed
with their husbands."
petitions and memorials.
Mr. ABBOTT. I present the petition of
certain soldiers of the second North Carolina
mounted infantry, asking that the act approved
March 26,1869, removing the charge of deser-
tion from certain soldiers of the second North
Carolina mounted infantry, be so amended as
to include their names. I move that the peti-
tion be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I present a resolution of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, relating to the
duties on foreign coal. I ask that it be read,
and printed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolution relating to the duties on foreign coal.
Hetolved, That our Senators and Representatives
in Congress are requested to favor the repeal or
material reduction of the duties on foreign coal;
and that the Secretary of the Commonwealth for-
ward a copy of this resolution to each of them.
\V. S. ROBINSON,
Clerk of the House of Uepretenlalivet.
S. N. GIFFORD,
Clerk of the Senate.
The resolution was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE presented twenty-three petitions
of citizens of Wisconsin, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. VICKERS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maryland, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented a petition of
citizens of Delaware, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of C.
B. Farnsworth and others, citizens of Rhode
Island, users of steam-engines and machinery,
remonstrating against the granting the petition
of George H. Corliss for the extension of his
letters-patent of March 10, 1849, for improve-
ments in the steam-engine; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present the memorial
of Zachariah Allen, an eminent scientific and
practical mechanic of Rhode Island, who sets
forth that in the year 1832, having occasion to
prepare an address to a scientific association
upon the history of the invention and improve-
ment of the steam-engine, hisattention became
attracted to that as a subject of special study,
and that he had invented a new and useful im-
provement in the arrangement of the mechan-
ism for regulating and operating steam-engines,
which has now become adopted into general use
and been of great benefit to many people, but of
no profit to him; that in 1832 he took out let-
ters-patent, a espy of the specifications of which
accompanies the memorial, and he remon-
strates against the extension of the Corliss
patent on the ground that he himself was the
first and original inventor of that important
improvement. I should say, in justice to Mr.
Allen, and to prevent misapprehension, that
he comes with no claim for compensation or
reward. I move the reference of this memorial
to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petitions of
W. C. Timberlake, Richard G. Crank, B. R.
Eddins, Benjamin J. Darneille, N. M. Page,
Edward Coles, William D. Grayson, Jesse L.
Fry, William A. Rogers, citizens of Albemarle
connty, Virginia, asking for the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
pranking privilege petitions.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table:
By Mr. SHERMAN: Two petitions from
citizens of Obio.
By Mr. FERRY: A petition from citizens
of Connecticut.
By Mr. WILSON: A petition from citizens
of Massachusetts.
By Mr. RAMSEY: Seven petitions from
citizens of Minnesota.
By the VICE PRESIDENT: Twenty-two
petitions from citizens of various States.
By Mr. JOHNSTON: A petition from citi-
zens of Virginia.
By Mr. BAYARD: A petition from citizens
of Delaware.
By Mr. CAMERON: A petition from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. OSBORN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case
of J. D. Greene, of Florida, be taken from the files of
the Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Lorenzo
Thomas, jr., reported a joint resolution (S. 11.
No. 122) for the relief of Lorenzo Thomas,
jr., and Henry C. Thomas; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of H. B.
Moulton, praying compensation for time lost
in consequence of injuries received by the
explosion at the Washington arsenal, June 17,
1864, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 227) to incorporate the Colum-
bia Railway Company of the District of Colum-
bia, reported it with amendments.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 25) for the relief of
Helen Lincoln and Heloise Lincoln, and for
the withholding of moneys from tribes of
Indians holding American captives, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws of the United States,
to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No. 9) ex-
tending the time for revising and consolidating
the statutes of the United States, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Territories, to whom the subject was referred,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 519) to provide for the settlement and pay-
ment of the expenses incurred by the territo-
rial authorities of Montana for troops during
the year 1867. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY. Some time since the Sen-
ate resolved that all applications for the con-
struction of custom-houses and buildings of
that character should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds. I
therefore ask that the Committee onPost Offices
and Post Roads be discharged from the con-
sideration of a petition for the erection of a
building of that character at Wilmington, North
Carolina, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
It was so ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 387) to change the judicial circuits,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1096) to admit the State
of Mississippi to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States, to report it back
with an amendment.
In this connection I also report back Senate
bill No. 464, to admit the State of Mississippi
to representation in the Congress of the United
States, and Senate joint resolution No. 113,
declaring Mississippi entitled to representa-
tion in Congress, and a communication from
the President of the United States relating to
the State of Mississippi, and ask that those
bills be indefinitely postponed, as the subj ect-
matter is covered by the House bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Chand-
ler in the chair.) They will be considered as
indefinitely postponed if no objection be made.
brig ocean bblle.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
rectify a mistake I made yesterday in inform-
ing the Senate that the bill reported from the
Committee on Finance in relation to the Ocean
