3960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
to take out licenses as wholesale dealers. It
may not be the object of the House or the com-
mittee to effect any such object as that; but
every gentleman who will read the bill will see
the propriety of adopting the amendment I
propose.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois by insert-
ing "five gallons" instead of "one," and Ido
it for the purpose of making this statement to
the House: under the new regulations issued by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue a partic-
ular character of book has to be kept, with all
sorts of coupons to be attached, which, he
says, is indispensable to guard the Government
against frauds. And, as it now stands, no man
can buy a quart of whisky anywhere from any-
body unless that book is kept, the coupons regis-
tered, and all the formula gone through with
that would be required for a thousand gallons
of whisky. I submit that if it is necessary to
put in force all that machinery against whole-
sale dealers, the amount sold constituting a
wholesale dealer should be of sufficient mag-
nitude to make it worth while to apply that
machinery, and that the selling of a simple
"quart should not make the seller a wholesale
dealer. I think, for the reasons I have stated,
that the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] does not
go far enough, and I would therefore make
the amount five gallons instead of one. If this
is not done, I am satisfied that under this law
there will be prosecutions in every little town
and village.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that no such
amendment as that now proposed will prevail.
If it should, we might about as well abandon
altogether the principle sought to be estab-
lished by the form in which the bill now stands
as reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means. I want to call the attention of the
House to the difference which has existed
between the Senate and the House in regard
to the distinction between the retail liquor
dealers and wholesale liquor dealers. The
Senate have always insisted that the distinc-
tion shall be an arbitrary one, depending
entirely upon the amount sold per year, and
they have prevailed in having the law so
framed as to establish that distinction ; the
amount of $25,000 being fixed As the dividing
line between the retail dealer and the whole-
sale dealer. That is to say, the man who under
the St. Charles, at New Orleans, or under
the Astor House, at New York, sells liquors
at his bar to be drunk on the spot, getting his
two or three hundred per cent, on what ho
peddles out by the drink, though his sales may
amount to $200,000 or $300,000 a year, is to
be a wholesale dealer; while the man who sells
some $10,000, $15,000, or $20,000 worth by
the barrel or by the package is to be called a
retail dealer. Now, it seemed to me that that
is uerfect nonsense. *
The retail dealer gets his two or three hun-
dred percent, more or less, peddlingout liquor
by the drink, selling it by the "small," as we
say in the West, The wholesale dealer sells, as
other large dealers do, at an advance of five,
ten, fifteen, or .twenty per cent, selling by the
package. The Committee of Ways and Means
have always held, during the last two or three
years at least, to the idea that the distinction
should be by the character of the sale, and that
the man who sells by drinks at the bar to be
drunk at the place where sold, no matter how
muchhesells, whether$1,000 worth or $200,000
worth, shall in either case be called a retail
dealer ; while the man who sells by the pack-
age or by the demijohn, or by the quart, not
to be drunk on the premises, shall be called a
wholesale dealer. And the reason is to be
found, as I have suggested, not merely in moral
grounds, but in the fact that the retailer, if you
make a man's being a retailer depend upon the
definition, is one who gets several hundred per
cent., whereas the other gets only the ordin-
ary per cetit. on the goods he puts into the
market. I hope, therefore, the House will insist,
as it has insisted for several years whenever
the question was before it, on the definition
that he shall be the retail dealer who sells by
the " small," and he the wholesale dealer who
sells by the larger quantity.
Mr. LOGAN. I must say that I entertain
very much the view which has been suggested
by my colleague [Mr. Marshall] in reference
to this matter. There is probably a difference
between our country, as regards the retailing
of liquors, and the country of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. Accord-
ing to this bill if a man sells less than a quart
to be drunk on the premises, he is a retail
dealer; but if he sells over a quart to be car-
ried away, he is considered a wholesale dealer.
In our country the custom is that the man who
sells by the small would also sell a quart or a
gallon to be carried off. By this bill would not
a man who did this be liable to a double license
as a retail and as a wholesale dealer ?
Mr. SCHENCK. That would be the case,
I suppose.
Mr. LOGAN. If that, then, be the fact, it
will work a hardship on the dealers in that
article—although I am sure I am not a partic-
ular friend of them—in ray section of the coun-
try, and it is only for them that I speak.
Mr. SCHENCK. It was for that reason
that I was inclined to give some consideration
to the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] that we should
adopt the gallon as the standard ; but when it
comes to five gallons, as proposed by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] it seems
to me that we are breaking down the distinc-
tion entirely.
Mr. BECK. I merely made that motion in
order to ask the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means whether we ought not to
limit it to one gallon, so as to do away with
the books and coupons and everything of that
kind in small sales.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe I have already
anticipated the reply to that inquiry in the
information 1 have given.
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is perhaps sufficiently
guarded as to retail dealers.
The question was taken on Mr. Marshall's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose that the same
amendment be made in line six hundred and
forty-six.
The SPEAKER. It will be made to cor-
respond.
Mr. PETERS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House on Saturday rejected
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] to strike out. ''one fourth" and
insert "oneeighth;" so thatit will read, "And
a tax of one eighth of one per cent, each
month on the average amount of all deposits
of public money in their possession," &c. The
amendment was voted for, I believe, by the
Committee of Ways and Means without objec-
tion, and was defeated by only one vote; and
I hope the motion to reconsider will prevail.
Mi-. RANDALL. How did the gentleman
vote on that question?
The SPEAKER. There was no call of the
yeas and nays on the question, and there is
no record.
Mr. RANDALL. I think the gentleman was
one of the tellers against me, and was one of
the minority.
The SPEAKER. That is the case, but there
is no record.
Mr. RANDALL. He was one of the tellers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe the motion to
reconsider is debatable.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to state that I am
enabled to clear up a misapprehension that
prevailed at the time this subject was debated
on Saturday. I felt perfectly confident that the
tax proposed on the deposits of public moneys
in national banks in this bill was the only tax
they had to pay on deposits, but I was a little
confounded when I learned from my colleague
[Mr. Garfield] that the forty-first section of
the banking law, which also seems to provide
that they shall pay half of one per cent, on ali
deposits, had been enforced so that they did
pay a tax on those deposits. I was not satis-
fied to make the contradiction without author-
ity, so I immediately telegraphed the Secretary
of the Treasury, and I got his answer five min-
utes after the debate was closed, that under
the banking law there is no tax whatever col-
lected on public deposits.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman will recollect
that I said the same thing.
Mr. SCHENCK. I said the same thing. In
the forty-fifth section of the banking law, where
they are required to deposit bonds as collater-
als, there was construed to be a sort of contract
with them, and under that they have always
received and do now receive the public deposits,
paying no tax upon them whatever. Whether
the House fixes it at three per cent, or one and
a half per cent, or at any other sum, that will
be the only tax they do pay on the public funds.
I have myself thought a tax of one and a half
per cent., all things considered, quite enough;
and I am therefore willing to vote for the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Peters ;] but I want the House to understand
that whatever tax is put in this bill is the only
tax on these public deposits.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a single
remark in reply to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Schexck. }
I think that those banks which receive the de-
posits of Government money and pay no tax
upon them, except what it is proposed here to
impose upon them, are able, as a business trans-
action, to pay a tax of three per cent, per
annum.
Mr. PETERS. It is an enormous tax.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the House will not
recede from its action on Saturday last.
The question was then taken on the motion
to reconsider; and there were, upon a divis-
ion—ayes 56, noes 61.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. PETERS called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there were eleven in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was accordingly
not agreed to.
Mr. MAYHAM. I move to amend the por-
tion of this section relating to rectifiers, puri-
fiers, and refiners of distilled spirits or wines,
by striking out the word "materials" in the
sentence which now reads "by mixing such
spirits, wines, or other liquors with any mate-
rials," and inserting in lieu of the word " ma-
terials" the words "other material, except
sugar or sugar coloring." I make this motioo
for the purpose of correcting what appears to
me to be an obvious mistake in this port ion of
this bill. By the provision under consideratioa
any one who adds anything to spirits is deemed
a rectifier, although he does not rectify.
Now, it is well known probably to most
members of this House who know anything
about the manufacture of liquor that it is a
custom for manufacturers to put in the manu-
factured article, or for holders and dealers to
put in the manufactured article, certain com-
positions made of sugar ; for instance, a pound
of sugar in a barrel of whisky. And by put-
ting in a small amount of burned sugar a slight,
coloring is given to the liquor, which in no way
deteriorates the liquor, but, on the contrary,
rather improves the quality of it. Now, that
is not distilliug; it is not rectifying. And yet
under this provision of this soction any persoa
who uses such a method to improve the manu-
factured article, without injuring it, or injuring
his customer in any way, is regarded as a recti-
fier, and is brought under the operation of this
