4904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27;
feeders with this road, and introduce a new
.series of connections which should run out
across the States of Mississippi and Alabama
and North Carolina and Georgia. I have
introduced a bill here which looks in that direc-
tion, consolidating the Wilmington, Charlotte,
and Rutherford railroad and the Western
North Carolina railroad of North Carolina
and one of the South Carolina roads, looking
to that very purpose of making a great consoli-
dated line from the coast at Newbern and Wil-
mington, in North Carolina, and Charleston, in
South Carolina, to Memphis, iu Tennessee. I
should like to have some of those restrictions
put here, and I do not know but that I shall
before I am through offer my whole bill as an
amendment to this bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. President, I determ-
ined long since not to allow myself to be drawn
into any discussion on this bill. I think the
least said the better, so far as the friends of
the bill are concerned ; but I cannot permit a
manifest error of fact to go uncorrected that
has fallen from the lips of my friend from
North Carolina. I think he will find on exam-
ination that the mischief lies further west than
the Cairo and Fulton railroad. The Little
Rock and Memphis railroad is a five-feet gauge
railroad, and it connects at Memphis with rail-
roads from that point east; it is nearly com-
pleted to Little Rock. 1 think, perhaps, there
are twelve or fifteen miles yet uncompleted of
something over one hundred and twenty miles
of road in all, which will then make a continu-
ous line of railroad, except over the Mississippi
river at Memphis, from a point on the Atlantic
at Charleston or Norfolk, as the case may
be, intersecting and connecting with a rami-
fication and network of railways from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, every rod of which, with
scarce an exception, is a five-feet gauge. Thus
there is a connection from Norfolk on any
point south of Norfolk on the Atlantic across
the country, south of the southern line of
Tennessee, through the cotton belt, through
the Gulf States to the Gulf of Mexico, inter-
sected north and south, as well as east and
west by a five-feet, gauge railroad. All the
railroads south of the Ohio, with one or two
exceptions, (and those are five feet six inches or
five feet nine inches gauge,) are five-feet gauge.
The whole system of our railroads South is
settled upon this gauge. The great base of the
northern system of railroads finds its center
just south of the lakes and its apex between
Sioux City and Omaha, thence westward, as
contemplated by bills passed or companies
organized or roads completed. Then the other
base finding its center at Pittsburg, and west
and south to the mouth of the Ohio river, form-
ing a focus at St. Louis and south, converging
thence westward, and still another finding its
base from the Ohio to the Gulf and its focus
or apex pointing to the thirty-fifth or below that,
to the thirty-second parallel, and forming from
Marshall the eastern terminus or initial point
of this road, the longest and straightest air-line
in the world, to Charleston and Savannah or
Brunswick, Georgia, the latter point contain-
ing the best harbor on the Atlantic coast, hav-
ing seventy-two feet of water. Why, sir, there
is not a finer harbor on the Atlantic coast, nor
for that matter on the Pacific. It is only twenty-
three hundred and fifty miles from that point
across the country by way of the route proposed
by this Texas Pacific railroad bill on the thirty-
second parallel to San Diego, as fine a harbor
as there is on the Pacific coast, not excepting
San Francisco, andhaving some advantages that
San Francisco has not. This is a distance no
further in point of statute miles, mile by mile,
than it is from Chicago to San Francisco by
way of Omaha, or from Superior City by the
way of the North Pacific to Puget sound. The
whole system of railroads south of the Ohio
river really bears down to the thirty-second
parallel. It is hundreds of miles nearer, ft
is three hundred and seventy-five miles nearer
from Norfolk to San Diego by the thirty-second
parallel than by the other route. It is four hun-
dred miles nearer from Philadelphia, nay more
than that.
Now, this is the mischief, I beg to observe
to my friend from North Carolina. It is to cut
off that communication through the cotton belt
of the South, It is to cut off that longest con-
tinuous air-line railroad, almost as straight as
a bird can fly, stretching from the Atlantic to
the Pacific over vast plains, a road of less
grade everywhere, built at less expense, going
through a country that in an agricultural and
mineral point of view is unsurpassed in this
mighty continent of ours, and better than all
never to be obstructed by climate, by snows, by
any obstruction peculiar to the wintry clime
of the North, far below the snowy belt, with
only one single chain of mountains opening
at El Paso, the Cordilleras, and not the Sierra
Nevada or Rocky mountains, with their alti-
tude of eight thousand feet above the level of
the sea to cross.
This road has none of these obstacles to over-
come; no impediment throughout the year. It
is a route as perennial as the flow of the Gulf
stream. It is such a road, with all its ramifi-
cations and network of five-feet gauge, that the
South ask at the hands of the Senate. And
the question simply is, when they ask for bread,
will you give them a stone? Or will you per-
mit the Central Branch of the Kansas Pacific,
from Ellsworth going across the Indian coun-
try, to tap it? Why, sir, they will bo here in
a few minutes asking that tlicy be put on, as a
sort of tail to our kite. They will ask us to
pledge the faith of this nation to extinguish the
Indian title for the benefit of that road, so that
they can go down with their four feet eight and
a half inch gauge, tap us at El Paso, and bear
all our travel and commerce to the North, far
west of Memphis. Here is the mischief that
my friend from North Carolina [Mr. Abbott]
refers to.
The connection from Memphis to Norfolk is
a five-feet gauge; the road to Louisville is a
five-feet gauge; the road to Lynchburg is a
five-feet gauge; your Chattanooga connection
is a five-feet gauge; east of that, to Charles-
ton, Savannah, and Brunswick, the roads are
five feet; and all along to Tallahassee, and
through to Jacksonville, in Florida, and down
south of that so far as built, all five feet; and
all the Virginia roads are five-feet gauge. This
matter of gauge is not uniform, but diversified
throughout the country. Look at your broad-
gauge Erie railroad, which has its line running
hundreds of miles with a six-feet gauge.
But, sir, I do not wish to occupy the time.
I did not intend to say as much as I have. I
said I would not be betrayed into making any
extended remarks, and I really regret that 1 have
allowed myself to say so much; but it seems to
me in justice we ought to look to the mischief,
in the language of my friend from North Car-
olina, where it really is, and not settle it im-
properly on the line to which the gentleman
referred.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I camc
up here this evening to vote for this bill, not
supposing it was to be the subject of debate ;
but seeing the course the debate has taken, I
desire to participate in it.
I am satisfied that this question of railroad
gauge ought never to be left to a company. It
ought never to bo settled upon any mechanical
or business principle. When properly con-
sidered, it is a matter of pure party politics;
and political considerations ought to determine
whether the gauge of this road shall be five feet,
or four and a half feet, or four feet eight and a
half inches ; andaslpiopose to guide my vole
entirely by these principles, I shall state very
briefly iheacl of reasoning by which, politically,
I arrive St the result which I shall vote for.
I regard this country as in the keeping of
the Republican party; I regard the Repub-
lican party as so organized that it can run on
the widest gauge in ttiis country; and therefore
I shall vote for five feet. [Laughter.]
Mr. RICE. One word. This is one of the
disputed points between the House and the
Senate. The House have fixed in their bill-
five feet. I think with a view of compromise
we had better agree to five feet also. ['* Ques-
tion!" "Question!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nyb in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment,
of the Senator from Massachusetts,.[Mr. Wil-
son,] upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to make an inquiry,
which, on the statement of my friend from
Wisconsin, is a little out of place ; but still I
wish to make it. I inquire of my friend from
Massachusetts who moved this amendment, in
all seriousness, what his information, is asto
the economic value of these two respective
gauges ; what has experience proved to be the
best gauge in this country and in Europe for
running railroads? All sorts of gauges have
been tried. Some, I understand, have been
given up for others because experience proved
that they were not so advantageous in point of
economy and safety as other widths. Now, I
shall be glad to know, if it is not out of place,
if we are to legislate a gauge into this railroad,
what experience has proved the most satisfac-
tory, reasonable, and safe method of construct-
ing a railroad iu that respect; and I wish my
friend from Massachusetts would inform me.
Mr. WILSON. I personally have no expe-
rience in the matter; but my information is,
and I believe that to be the judgment generally,
that the four feet eight and a half inch gauge
is the most economical gauge to build a rail-
road upon. I put this, however, on another
ground, and that is to accommodate the south-
ern section of the country, who have built
this large number of railways on the five-feet
gauge.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course the answer of
my friend from Massachusetts is one which all
of us would have expected. Every intelligent
man knows now who has studied the art of
railway building and railway running, and has
observed itsprogress, that sooner or later every
railway that attends to its interests and the
safety of the public must come substantially to
this narrow gauge. Now, the question is—and
I am speaking as a friend of the South and do
not want to be deluded into an act of hostility
to the South on the pretense of friendship—the
question is, whether by putting it into this bill
positively that they shall have a railroad gauge
for fifteen hundred miles, or whatever may be
the length of this great trunk line, which every-
body who votes for it knows to be a wrong
gauge in a scientific and practical point of view,
wo can be said to be doing them even a polit-
ical benefit? Undoubtedly for the present it
would be more convenient for our southern
friends to run a five feet line for the reason that
the larger number of their railways have that
gauge; but as they accumulate capital and
develop business they will be governed, they
must be governed, by the game principles that
have governed other men under like circum-
stances, and that is, to bring back their gauges
to the true economic point.
Therefore, inasmuch as I am desirous that
this road shall be built in the best way, I am
opposed to forcing it to take either a narrow
gauge or a broad one. but to leave it to the
gentlemen to whom this franchise is granted,
whoever they may be_; and i do not know who
one of them is, lor i was not here when the
bill was up before. I take it they are men in
whom the South as a body have confidence,
and I shall vote to leave it to 'the men who are
to furnish the capital and manage this road to
decide which, for the time being, it is best foi
their interests and the interests of the great
community which their road is to connect with
the Pacific to have. I will vote, therefore,
against fixing either the four feet eight and a
halt inch or the five-feet gauge, and to leave it
as wo ought to leave every practical business
question of detail and art, to the gentlemen
