1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Belle had before passed the Senate. I had
been misinformed by a person upon whom I
am accustomed to rely in relation to such
matters, and therefore I desire to ask to have
the bill recalled from the House of Represent-
atives and to enter a motion to reconsider. I
will state in a single moment the facts.
The bill was to pay an old man eighty years
of age, a lawyer in Maine, the amount which
had been allowed by the Treasury Department
and disallowed at the War Department. The
original claim amounted to about five thousand
dollars, about equal to all the possessions of the
claimant. About one half of ithas been paid, bu t
the other half, although allowed by the Treasury
Department, was refused at the War Depart-
ment. Since that time we have passed an act, I
believe, by which the authorities at the Treas-
ury Department shall not be overruled by the
accounting officers of the War Department.
It was brought into the Senate in 1869 by the
Finance Committee, and fully explained by the
late Senator Fessenden, but not finally acted
upon, having been passed over by some gen-
eral appropriation bill. I malie this statement
in justice to myself, and also in justice to the
case. I shall enter a motion to reconsider,
and if any Senator desires to have the case
reconsidered, I will call it up. If not, I will
after a day or two withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont asks for an order requesting the
House of Representatives to return to the
Senate the bill (S. No. 466) for the relief of
the owners of the brig Ocean Belle, The Chair
hears no objection. It is so ordered.
bills introduced.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
520) to amend an act to remove the charge
of desertion from certain soldiers of the second
North Carolina mounted infantry, approved
March 6, 1869; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
521) to increase the number of judges of the
Supreme Court and circuit courts of the United
States, and to establish the boundaries of the
judicial circuits ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
cial and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask leave to introduce a
bill entitled "A bill supplementary to an act
to reorganize the courts of the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes, approved
March 3,1863." I do it in the nature of a peti-
tion. I take this occasion to say that in intro-
ducing all matters relating to the District, I do
not mean to commit myself to any bill that I
may introduce. It is rather in the nature of a
petition which is presented to m'e by the citi-
zens of the District. I do not know whether
this bill should appropriately go to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia or the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
receive its first and second reading.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 622) supplementary
to an actto reorganize the courts ot the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes, approved
March 3, 1863; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill relates exclusively
to the District of Columbia, and I think it may
be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia. If we should ascertain that to
lie an improper reference, we can report it
hack and have it sent to the Committee on the [
Judiciary. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so !
referred. i
Air. OSBORN asked, and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
523) to extend the jurisdiction of the United
States district court for the southern district
of Florida ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committtee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
I Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
, sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
524) explanatory of an act entitled "An actto
, continue half pay to certain widows and
orphans," approved February 3, 1853 ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave to introduce
a bill without previous notice, and as it is in
I its first aspect a private bill, I wish to state that
! the object of it is to enable an experiment of
much interest to the State of California to be
made at the expense of a private citizen who
proposes to bring over one of the new steam-
i, wagons known as traction-engines from Eng-
land, with a steam-plow attached, in order to
test it and its adaptability to our agricultural
purposes in California. The purpose of the
bill is that the duties on that engine may be
remitted.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 525) to enable George
D. Roberts, of Alameda county, California, to
import certain machinery free of duty; and it
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
from California that my impression is that there
is no duty on plows. I am quite sure of it;
but I will turn to the law in a moment.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a traction-engine
as well as a steam-plow attached.
Mr. CHANDLER,asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 526) to propote commerce among the
States and to cheapen transportation of the mails
and of military and naval stores; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. Ii. No.
872) for the relief of the settlers on certain
lands in the State of Iowa; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
brig ocean belle.
The message also announced the return to
the Senate, in compliance with its request, of
the bill (S. No. 466) for the relief of the owners
of the brig Ocean Belle, yesterday passed by
the Senate and sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives for concurrence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] now enters a
motion to reconsider the vote in regard to the
passage of the bill.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
| Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
j ury, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
j tion of the Senate of the 13th January last, a
| report from Rear Admiral W. B. Shubrick,
relative to a harbor and light-house at Aquina
bay, in the State of Oregon ; which, on motion
of Mr. Williams, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, asking an appro-
priation of $10,000 for necessary expenses of
a general council of Indians in the Indian ter-
ritory ; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
central branch pacific railroad.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested, if not incompatible with the public
interest, to communicate to the Senate any inform-
ation he may have in his possession touching the
action of any of the Departments in relation to the
claim of the central branch Union Pacific Railroad
Company to continue and extend its road, and for
and in aid of the construction thereof to receive
lands and bonds from the United States; also any
recommendation he may see lit to make in the prem-
ises.
augusta postmaster.
Mr. FERRY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
i consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Attorney General be directed
to transmit to the Senate copies of any communica-
tion from any officer of the Post Office Department
relative to a claim of any postmaster of Augusta,
Georgia, for salary or pay while excluded from the
functions of said office, and also a copy of any opin-
ion of the Attorney General heretofore given in reply
to such communication; also to inform the Senate
whether in giving such opinion the Attorney General
had information that said postmaster, by reason
of participation in the rebellion, was incapacitated
from holding said office or receiving the emoluments
thereof.
THE GEORGIA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. FERRY submitted the following resolu-
: tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to inquire and report to the Senate whether
the Legislature of Georgia has been reorganized in
accordance with the provisions of the act passed at
the present session, entitled "An act to promote
the reconstruction of the State of Georgia," and
whether in the reorganization which has taken place
there have b^pn any violations of said act.
THE FUNDING BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent :
Resolved, That Senate bill No. 378, known as the
funding bill, be made a special order for Tuesday
next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires a two-
thirds vote to adopt the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. Such bills are always
considered when the Senator from Ohio cails
them up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have made this motion
Oh the suggestion of other Senators. I am indif-
ferent as to the time when the funding bill shall
be taken up. It makes no difference to me, but
I wish not to take it up without giving full
notice.
Mr. POMEROY. Let this serve as a notice
that you will call it up then.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will
agree to make the bill a special order. I do
not intend to press the subject unduly, but I
should like to have a day fixed when the Sen-
ate shall take it up.
Mr. POMEROY. There can be no advan-
tage in making it a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. It fixes that day.
Mr. POMEROY. The unfinished business
will take precedence of it in any event.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make this motion at the
suggestion of other Senators. I have no desire
myself to press the question : I only wish to
get it out of the way before the tax and tariff
bills come to us.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate is so averse to
making special orders that it requires a two-
thirds vote to make one.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it, and we can take
the vote in a minute. If two thirds are not for
making the bill a special order let it be shown.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that if there shall be no unfinished busi-
ness at the adjournment on Monday evening
this special order, if made, would operate on
Tuesday; otherwise, not.
Mr. POMEROY. A majority even then may
set it aside.
The resolution was agreed to by a two-thirds
vote.
neutrality laws.
Mr. MORTON. The morning business
being exhausted, I move now to take from th<
table Senate bill No. 368.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 368) making it a
misdemeanor to fit out or equip ships of war,
or to sell or furnish arms or munitions of war,
