1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1129
with intent that they shall be employed in the
service of any foreign prince or State to com-
mit hostilities against the people of any prov-
ince. district, or colony, who are in a state of j
srmed insurrection against such foreign prince
or State, and providing for the forfeiture of
such ship or vessel.
Mr. MORTON. I ask to have the bill read
at length for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hotue of Repreeenta-
the  of the United State* of Atneriea in Ctmgresi atsem-
Ued Chat if any person shall within the limits of
the 'United States sell or famish arms, cannon, or
munition? of war, with intent that such armst can-
non. or monitions of war shall be employed in the
service of any foreign prince or State, to commit hos-
tilities against the people of any province, district,
or colony who are in a state of armed insurrection
against such foreign prince or State, every person
so offending shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof shall be fined in any sum
not exceeding $5,000, and imprisoned for a period
not exceeding two years, nor less than six months.
Ssc. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall within the limits of the United States fit
out, arm, or equip, or attempt to fit out, arm, or
equip, or procure to befitted out, armed, or equipped,
or shall knowingly be concerned in the fitting out,
arming, or equipping of any ship or vessel with in-
tent that such ship or vessel shall be employed in
the service of any foreign prince or State to cruise
or commit hostilities against the people of any prov-
ince, district, or colony who are in a state of armed
insurrection against such foreign prince or State, or
shall issue or deliver a commission within the terri-
tory of the United States for any ship or vessel,
with the intent that she may be employed as afore-
said, every person so offending shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and upon eonviction thereof shall be
lined in any sum not exceeding $5,000, and imprisoned
for a period not exceeding two years, nor less than
six months, and every such ship or vessel, with her
tackle, apparel, and furniture, together with all
materials, arms, ammunition, and stores which may
have been procured for the building and equipment
thereof, shall be forfeited: one half to the use of the
informer, and the other half to the use of the United
States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in every
ease in which a ship or vessel shall be fitted out,
armed, or equipped or attempted to be fitted out,
armed, or equipped, contrary to the provisions and
prohibitions of this act, it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States, or suoh other person
or persons as he shall have empowered for that pur-
pose, to employ the land or naval forces or the
militia of the United States, or any part thereof, for
the purpose of taking possession of and detaining
any such ship or vessel.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the object
of this bill briefly is to place the United States
in a position of neutrality between any Euro-
pean Power and an insurrection in an Ameri-
can colony claimed by such Power, although
such insurrection may not have attained to the
magnitude that entitles the insurgents to the
concession of belligerent rights ; and I pro-
pose to discuss this question mainly in con-
nection with the subject of Cuba.
Spain has built and fitted out thirty gun-boats
in the harbor of New York and publicly en-
listed crews for them in the streets of that city
for the avowed purpose of subjugating the peo-
of Cuba to her rule, which is the most despotic
and inhuman known to modern times. If this is
done in accordance with our statutes, then they
should be amended. We have knowingly fur- I
nished ships and sailors to put down the effort
of a neighboring people, with whom we are
on the most friendly terms and have the most
intimate commercial relations, who are strug-
gling to free themselves from the military des-
potism of a cruel and effete nation separated
from them by a broad ocean. If there be any
principle of the law of nations which required
this at our hands, that principle is in violation
of the law of nature as deduced by reason.
According to Yattel the law of nations in its
ongm is nothing but the law of nature applied
to nations.
Grotius, the great founder of the law of
nations, described it as made up of those rules
of justice which would be binding upon men
living in a social state independently of any !
positive laws of human institution, or, as is j
commonly expressed, living together in a state
ot nature, and applies those rules under the
name of natural law to the mutual relations of
8eparate communities living in a similar state
Wlth respect to each other.
Wheaton, in his great work, says :
"International law, as understood among civilized
nations, may be defined as consisting of those rules
of conduct which reason deduces as consonant to
justice from the nature of society existing among
independent nations,with such definitions and mod-
ifications as may be established by general consent."
Whenever, therefore, what is claimed to be a
rule of the law of nations requires upon the
part of one nation a line of conduct which in
its direct consequences is barbarous, leading
to the subversion of liberty, the maintenance
of slavery, and tbe continuance of grinding
oppression, such rule of conduct is in violation
of those dictates of natural justice which are
the admitted foundation of the law of nations,
and therefore cannot be sound; or else inap-
plicable to the particular case, beckuse the
reason thereof fails. Where the reason of the
law ceases the law should cease, and no nation
should feel bound to administer any pretended
rule of the law of nations when to do so would
be to work great injustice, cruelty, or destruc-
tion to large masses of people.
The relation of parent States and colonies
may be compared to the relations of parent
and child. Where protection, support, and
education are required on the one side, there
should be obedience and submission to just law
on the other. But when the son has arrived
at manhood, or the colony has come to the
dimensions of a State, capable of self-govern-
ment and self-protection, parental control
should cease and independence should be
accorded.
The greatest mistake England ever made
was in not recognizing this principle when the
thirteen Colonies declared their independence;
but she has grown wiser since. Her states-
men have said so often recently, that it may
now be regarded as the policy ot England, that
if Canada, Australia, or any of her great col-
onies (I speak not of her conquests) seek to
throw off their allegiance and establish their
independence, she will interpose no objections.
Again, there is a great difference between a
revolution in a distant colony, separated from
the mother country by a vast expanse of ocean,
as is Cuba from Spain, constituting no part
of the empire or kingdom, having no voice in
the home Government, and ruled by a despotic
viceroy or governor, and a revolution in a State,
province, or municipality, composing an inte-
gral part of the empire or kingdom. For
example, a revolution in the province of Cat-
alonia in Spain, the success of which would
destroy the unity of the kingdom and endan-
ger the power and safety of the balance, would
occupy a far different position in the light of
reason and justice from a revolution on the
part of the people of Cuba to establish their
independence. The law of nations cannot
with reason or justice put these different rev-
olutions upon the same level and require the
same line of conduct toward each on the part
of other nations. Catalonia is a part of the
kingdom of Spain, having an equal voice with
any other part in the Goverament, just as the
southern States were a part of our American
Union, and the attempt at separation would
stand on totally different principles, in law and
morals, from a like attempt on the part of a
ripe and distant colony.
An attempt at separation on the part of
Canada from England would in every respect
involve different principles from a similar effort
on the part of Wales. An effort at separation
from the French empire by La Vendue would
present a different moral and legal aspect from
a similar effort by the colony of Algiers in
Africa. In one case the integrity of the nation
is involved, in the other it is not. The differ-
ence between the classes of cases I am con-
sidering is greatly broadened when, as in the
case of Cuba, the colony has no part or repre-
sentation in the home Government, is denied a
local legislature, is governed by a military
despot sent out by the home Government, from
whose edicts there is no appeal.
Sir, the time has fully arrived, in my opinion,
to proclaim the doctrine, founded alike in
reason and justice, that the rules of interna-
tional law that should regulate the dealings
' of nations with a rebellion in a State, prov- /
ince, or municipality, constituting an integral
: part of a republic, kingdom, or empire, do not
apply to a distant colony which has attained
| its majority and is ripe for independence;
; that we deny the validity of such colonial title
! in morals and in law, and accord to it no
higher character than that of military occupa-
tion, which we may respect or not as suits our
policy or convenience, unless sustained by the
voluntary consent of the people.
The Spanish minister, in a recent note to
our distinguished Secretary of State, evidently
keenly alive to the fact that the rules of inter-
national law which he was seeking to apply to
the case of Cuba were in reason and justice
wholly inapplicable, used the following lan-
: guage:
" Nor can any distinction be made between an in-
surrection breaking out in an integral part of the
national territory and in a colony. Those publicists
who have written upon this international point admit
' nothing of the kind. All adhere to the doctrine of
Yattel, in the following form : 'When a nation takes
i, possession of a distant territory and establishes a
1 colony there, this country, although separated from
; the mother country, forms a part of the State equally
l| with its former possessions."'
This dictum of Vattel, written more than a
hundred years ago, while the colonial system
was in its infancy, and long before any colony
| in the western hemisphere had asserted its
independence, is unsupported by reason and
is in conflict with the facts.
The American colonies of England, France,
and Spain have never been treated theoretic-
ally or practically as parts of those respective
States or as integral parts of the empire or
kingdom. On the contrary, they have been
held and governed as possessions, mere append-
ages of the Crown, having no representation
or voice in the home Government, and not
covered by the shield of the national constitu-
tion. It is a horrid mockery when the Spanish
minister affects to treat Cuba as a part of the
Spanish State and kingdom, while she is denied
every right under the Spanish constitution and
treated as a mere possession, to be governed
by the will of a despotic captain general. The
thirteen Colonies were denied to be a part of
the British State in 1774, when they asserted
they would not be taxed without representa-
tion, and were told that while they were British
subjects they were not living under the British
constitution, and were but the possessions of
the Crown.
The State is sometimes compared to a ship
riding upon the ocean, and to adopt the simile,
the Colonies may be compared to boats towing
a long way behind, constituting no part of the
ship, and whose connection with it may be
destroyed by severing the cables, perhaps grown
feeble and rotten by age.
Now, I come to the application of theso
principles in the case of Cuba. The Govern-
ment of the United States should not contribute
directly or indirectly to maintain the power of
Spain over Cuba. I am not asserting or intimat-
ing that we should interfere by military power
in behalf of Cuba to effect her deliverance;
but I mean to say that although the insurrec-
tion in Cuba may not have assumed that form,
or attained those proportions, or established
such a government as will justify our Govern-
ment in conceding to the insurgents belligerent
rights, still we should not furnish to Spain arms
andmunitions, or allow her tofitoutin our ports
ships of war, or to enlist sailors or soldiers which
we know or have reason to believe are to be
employed in reducing to submission the people
of Cuba, who are struggling to throw off her
despotic rule; that leaving out of view the point
whether there is that condition of affairs in
Cuba which would justify our concession of
belligerent rights and proclaiming neutrality
between the contending parties, yet inasmuch
as we know perfectly that a considerable
portion of the people of Cuba are in arms
