18.70.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4905
who put up the money and manage the con-
cern.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wish to make an
inquiry. I presume there are plenty of gentle-
men here who can'give me an answer. In the
acts which were passed chartering the other
Pacific railroads was the width of the gauge
prescribed? I would ask the chairman of the
Pacific Railroad Committee whether in the
acts which were passed in regard to the other
Pacific roads, the Northern, the Union, the
Central, the Kansas Pacific, the width of the
gauge of the road was prescribed?
Mr. HOWARD. As to the Northern Pa-
cific, I do not remember whether the gauge was
inserted in the act; but I think it was not. As
to the Union Pacific railroad and its branches,
the gauge is fixed by statute at four feet eight
and a half inches. At first it was left to the
discretion of the PresidentoftheUnited States.
It seemed that he was in favor of a five-feet
gauge ; but that was unsatisfactory to the gen-
tlemen engaged in the enterprise. Congress
interfered 011 their application, and fixed the j
gauge at four feet eight and a half inches. [
Mr. DRAKE. And now it is desired that
the matter shall be left unfixed in this bill, or
else fixed at five feet.
Mr. KELLOGG. As the President pleases.
Mr. DRAKE. If that is the will of the
Senate, of course I must bow in submission.
ThePRESlDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted*—yeas 3G, nays 7 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard. Boreman, Brown-
low, Carpenter, Chandler, Corbett, Davis, Fowler,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, llauis,
Howard, Johnson, Kellogs, McCreery, Mellon aid,
Nye, Pomeroy, Pool. Pratt, Ramsey, Pace, Robert-
son, Ross, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton,
i'tiayer, Vickcrs, Warner, Willey, Williams, and
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Casserly, Cole, Drake,
Edmunds, Harlan, and Scott—7.
\BSEST—Messrs. Ames. Buckingham, Cameron,
Cattell. Cockling, Cragin, Ponton, Ferry, Flanagan,
Hamilton 01 Texas, Howe, Howell, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Moriill ofVermont, Morton, Norton, Osborn,
Patterson. Revels, Saulsbury, Scliurz, Sherman,
Pprasue, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and
Yates—29.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I now move to strike out all
that, part of the section which fixes the gauge,
leaving the company itself to fix the gauge, as
has been the case with all railroads throughout
the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator propose to strike out the whole clause
or the portion which has just been voted in ?
Mr. COLE. The portion which fixes the
gauge.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order now to move to strike out precisely what
has just been put in.
Mr. COLE. Not what has been put in, but
I move to strike out the whole clause which
fixes the gauge. .
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose that the honor-
able Senator moves to strike out this :
That t'110 track of the entiro lino of said railroad
.-hall be oi uniform width, and the gauge thereoi,
throughout the whole extent thereoi, shall be ave
feet.
That is what the Senator proposes to striKe
out, for that is the present reading of the bill,
as amended.
Mr. COLE. That is what I propose to strike
out if that is all that relates to the gauge.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the motion
of the Senator is to strike out that whole clause
It is in order.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me, i< my
colleague will accept it, that what he wants to
reach will be better reached by a single amend-
ment of the sentence 5 that is, by sticking otiu
fill after the word "be," in line forty-nine,
down to and including "inches," on the next
line, the words being " be, and hereby is, estab-
lished at four feet eight and a half inches,"
now made "five feet," and substitute therefor
" shall be fixed by the said Texas Pacific
Railroad Company."
I concur with my colleague that1 the proper
way, under all the circumstances, is to leave
it to the company when it is organized to de-
termine this question. On our coast it will
present veiy serious difficulty if the five-feet
gauge shall be adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. That will raise the ques
tion distinctly.
Mr. CASSERLY. We have no five feet
gauge 011 that coast throughout its extent any-
where.
Mr. COLE. The same thing will be attained
by the amendment of my colleague. I have
110 objection to that being the form of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. That leaves the whole
matter in the discretion and under the judg-
ment of the company, and I for one am willing
to leave it there, and will be content with
whatever they determine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEWART. I propose now to offer an
amendment to come in in lieu of section twenty-
five that was stricken out on the motion of the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.] This mod-
ification meets the views of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. RICE. I wish to make some verbal cor-
rections.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will not offer his amendment now, but
will let us go on with the bill in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from Arkansas desires to make a mere
verbal correction 
Mr. STEWART. I have the right to offer
my amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not question the
Senator's right, but I ask him to defer that
until we can get through the sections.
Mr. STEWART. I yield to the Senator
from Arkansas.
Mr. RICE. I move on page 14, section ten,
line eight, to strike out " western" and insert
"eastern." That was the original report of
the committee ; and the word "western" is a
misprint. That will make the clause read:
That the said company shall commence tho work
on said road at each terminus thereof within one
year alter the passage ol this" act, and shall complete
not less than twenty-five miles on each end or fifty
miles on the eastern ond oi tho line of said road m
the second year, <kc.
Tho amendment wos agreed to.
Mr. RICE. On page 15, section twelve, line
two, 1 move to strike out the words "and
branches so as to read : "That said Texas
Pacific Railroad Company shall be a post route
and a military road."* There are no branches.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. On page 0, line sixty-one, whereit
says " said commissioners or a quorum of them
may determine," I move to amend by striking
out "quorum" and inserting " majority."
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. In line sixty-two I move to
insert the word ''majority" in place of the
words " at least ten;" so as to read: "Notice
of said meeting to be signed by a majority ol
the commissioners named herein."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. On page 7, line thirty-five
cf the third section, alter the word "State," I
move to insert " or with any company char-
tered by congressional, State, or territorial
H authoriiyso as to read : %
I The said Texas Pacific Railroad Company miy oon-
i solkidte, confederate, or associate with any company
j| or companies who have reecivod grants of lands or
the right of way from tho United States, or from any
State, or with any company chartered by congres-
sional, State, or territorial authority, which roads
connect or shall bo connected by ferry or otherwise
with said Texas Pacific railroad.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Missouri to that word
" confederate," to see whether the word meets
his views, as ho has expressed them, on the
connection of these railroads with secession.
Mr. DRAKE. Really, it seems to have
attracted the attention of the Senator from
California ; it did not attract mine.' I did not
see anything wrong in it. I hope the Senator
from California did not.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. It will authorize the com-
pany to form a great company made out of all
the other railroads in the United States. It is
entirely too broad.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend from
South Carolina will not insist on the amend-
ment.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope somebody will give
a good reason for opposing it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I propose to give one if
my friend will listen to me. Is it possible that
my friend from South Carolina is willing to
confer upon this company and all the other
companies in the United States the power to
make one monster corporation that shall grid-
iron the country and control its legislation,
control its politics, and control everything in
it? Certainly history has proved to us that
powers of that kind are liable to great abuse;
and we never ought to permit the consolidation
of any two railroads that are within our author-
ity unless we know the precise grounds upon
which and the terms by which they are to make
consolidation. This opens the door to any
quantity of consolidation everywhere, putting
under one control a network of railroads over
the country, which, like the telegraph lines,
only of course having infinitely more power,
shall grind out the interests of the very people
whom my friend is wishing to serve. It never
ought to be adopted in the world, as it seems
to me, and I believe my friend will think so,
too, on reflection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator Irom
South Carolina.
The amendment was rejected—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I noticed
in the original bill the names of several gen-
tlemen from the State which I have the honor
in part to represent that have been omitted
from the present list of corporators, I suppose
by mistake. They are men who I am sure
if they would consent to take a place in the
corporations, would be of value to it, and I
know of no reason why they were omitted un-
less it was by error. One of them has been
Governor of our State; the other is now a
member of our State senate. 1 move that
these names be inserted immediately after the
name of Charles Jackson: "Elisha Dyer,"
and "Alfred Anthony."
Mr. SAWYER. I have no doubt that the
gentlemen named are entirely proper persons,
and I should have no objection whatever to
having their names go into this bill but for
the fact that if one is proposed another will
be proposed, and' there will be no end to the
list of corporators. We spent some time the
other evening in substituting for the list of
corporators in the biil reported by the com-
mittee another set of names. If the plan
suggested by my friend from Rhode Island pre-
vails, I see no reason why another Senator will
not get up and propose two or three more; and
in that way we shall spend the whole evening.
The last evening we spent to no purpose what-
ever. I trust this amendment will be voted
down.
Mr. ANTHONY. I can see no possible
harm if any number of names are put in. i
understand these corporators do nothing but
