1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ma
of 1850. The Committee on the Ninth Census
bate directed me to report tbe bill back to this
House and ask for its passage. The Secretary
of the interior and the Superintendent of the
Census very much desire the passage of this
bill at this time in order that they may go 011
with tbe work of the census, and are waiting
for the passage of fhis bill. They further state
that unless the bill is passed very soon they will
have to proceed under the old law.
_Mr. SCHENCK. I will not object if the
bill can be acted upon without debate. Ia it
a long bill?
Mr. STOKES. It is not. It is House bill
No. 1476, to amend an act entitled "An act
providing for the taking of the seventh and
subsequent censuses of the United Slates."
Mr. SCOFIELD. I must object, becauae
there is but three quarters of an hour for debate
in Committee of the Whole upon the special
order before the business of the Committee for
the District of Columbia must be considered.
'J'AIUFI'' BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole oil tbe state of the
Union, (Mi. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (II. R. No. X0C8) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Htevexko:j] is entitled to the floor
for fortv minutes remaining of his hour.
Mr. STEVENSON. Ml-. Chairman, seeing
about me several members w ho were not pres-
ent last evening, I think it proper to resume
by stating the substantial propositions which
1 had endeavored to enforce when the com-
mittee rose.
I had reminded the committee that the peo-
ple of this nation during the last decade have
paid over §0,000,000,000 of taxes, more than
twice the amount of the debt now remaining,
and that the estimated surplus revenue for the
next fiscal year is $102,000,000; and I had,
therefore, asked that this bill bo considered in
the interest ot the reduction of taxes.
I do not share in the discouragement under
which some people suffer. I am not alarmed
by the statement of the Special Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, relating to the loss of
property daring the war, for in my opinion the
bulk of it only changed hands. Nor am I con-
cerned about the balance of trade. The bal-
ance of trade has generally appeared to be
against America ; yet the property of America
has risen from nothing to forty billions of
money.
Neither am I concerned about the statements
made concerning the decline of' the value of
property in the several States, as illustrated on
page 25 of the report of the Special Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, where he gives a
table, comparing the valuation of property in
Rhode Island, Connecticut, Ohio, Indiana,
Pennsylvania, and New York, in 1801 and
1868, and draws the conclusion that the increase
of properly in those States has not been equiv-
alent to the premium on gold.
Now, in the'iirst place, the valuation of real
property in those States was in the beginning
and slill is on the gold basis. But the Com-
missioner has not accurate returns. In most
of these States, especially in the three great
States of Ohio, Ne-.v fork, and Pennsylvania,
the valuation quoted for real estate is the old
valuation.
1 bad occasion in discussing the question ot
printing the report of this Commissioner to state
that he underestimated the real estate ot Ohio
about one half. Since that time I have written
to the auditor ol' the State of Ohio, and have
received his answer, in which he says that the
general valuation of real estate last taken in
Ohio was in 1859. The increase since then,
as shown on the official records, is only for
permanent improvements and additions to real
property; arid he says that at the revaluation
to be made this year it is expected the real
estate will reach $1,200,000,000 ; whereas the
Commissioner states the valuation of the entire
property of Ohio at$l,148,461,386. The real
estate alone of Ohio is worth more than all the
property was valued at in 1868, counting the
real estate upon the old basis.
I have also a letter from the comptroller of
the State of New York, in which it is said that
the present estimation of the real property of
the State of New York is $1,966,646j288. The
Commissioner states the entire property at
$1,766,000,000. The true valuation for 1868
•was $1,860,120,170. The State of Pennsyl-
vania shows the most remarkable condition of
valuation on comparing the figures of the Com-
missioner with the fact. In this estimate of the
Commissioner he states tbe property of Penn-
sylvania in 1865 (that being the last estimate he
appears to have) at f>595,591,994. A letter
from the auditor general of the State of Penn-
sylvania says that this valuation does not rep-
resent forty per cent, of the real estate of Penn-
sylvania. I see nothing, therefore, either in the
facts as stated by the Commissioner or in the
general state of the country, to justify discour-
agement; and I repeat it, sanguine though it
may be, that 1 anticipate that the next census
will show that wo have forty million people,
with forty billions of property, a billion to the
million. And as the decades progress these
figures will rise in grander and grander propor-
tion, until, if we defer the national debt for
twenty or thirty years, it will be as nothing to
the nation that then shall be.
I ask, therefore, again, in view of what this
generation has done and in view of what the
next generation is to be, that we have a reduc-
tion of taxation, a large and liberal reduction.
I said last evening a reduction of $50,000,000.
In this proposition I was met so cordially by
one of the leading members of the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. Kelley] that I am
tempted to enlarge my proposition, and dis-
posed to say now, let us have a reduction of
$70,000,000. The Government can spare it.
Give us a surplus of $30,000,000; in less than
two years it will be $50,000,000 a year. Let
us trust in the future and relieve the people.
But where and how shall we relieve them
as to the tariff? I may be singular in the posi-
tion 1 assume to occupy, that of a neutral
between the clashing sections of our parties ;
but representing my constituents as consum-
ers, representing the people as consumers of
the articles embtaced in this bill, I ask that
we begin our leduction with the necessaries
of life and the raw materials of manufacture.
And lirst, tea, coffee, sugar, those articles
which cheer the spirit, strengthen the frame,
and gratify the palate of the masses of the
people. They enter beneath every mail's roof,
from the marble palace to the thatched cabin,
from the mansion of the millionaire to the
freedmau's bumble home. Let us relieve the
people by making tea and coffee free. I am
glad that the Committee of Ways and Means
appreciate the k-eimgs of the people and
begin with tea and coffee : but they do not go
far enough. These articles should be free.
The duties upon them are taxes upon the ne-
cessaiies of life. They are taxes about equally
levied on the rich and the poor; and that is
inequality. These taxes touch the poor man's
penny and the widow's mite. Remove them.
1 had thought that wo might afford also to
have sugar free; but as the revenue from that
article is so large, and as Cuba appears to be
coming under the flag, and when she comes
will solve that question for us, I am willing to
relax somewhat my views on this question iu
fav-or of my amiable friend from Louisiana.
And next we want coal free. As we are told
over and over again by the eloquent Repre-
sentatives of the noble State of Pennsylvania,
coal is one of the prime necessities of life.
Civilization can no longer do without it. It
is a. necessity for fuel, it is the source of the
power that drives machinery which represents
more labor than the men who use it.
■ We are told that the duty on coal is not
needed by its producers j that Pennsylvania
is at last able to do without protection on her
coal. I am glad to hear it. But I may be
asked, why shall we not let the tariff remain,
to make our own producers the masters of the
market? I answer, because we want no mas-
ters of the market. Let the barriers bebroken
down and let whoever will come in with coal
enough, perhaps, to prevent anybody monop-
olizing the market. Perhaps they can bring
only that much, but that will be sufficient for
a good purpose.
Then I want salt free. It is with pain I
touch upon this subject, because I sit so near
a neighbor to my estimable and amiable friend
fromNewYork, [Mr. McCarthy,] whose heart
seems to be preserved in salt. [Laughter.] I
am willing, however, to compromise with him
and let him keep his protection on teasels, as
a bounty on their discovery by his enterprising
constituent; but I entreat him to set salt free.
I may be somewhat superstitious, but there
seems a kind of desecration in laying the hand
of taxation upon this prime article of human
life; to tax the salt of our bread in a coun-
try where salt flows freely from the earth and
is ribbed in rock-like cliffs; and I say to my
friends on this side of the House if there was
nothing else in the question except the polit-
ical consideration it would be better for us as a
party to pay out of our Treasury to New York
all the bounty she asks and give the country
free salt. Butmy friends from New York wish
to go to tide-water. The business is so pros-
perous that they can actually go to sea and
compete with the foreigner in supplying the
hardy fisherman and undersell him in whose
favor wo remit the duty ; ay, they have grown
so strong that they cross the lakes and attack
tho foreign producer on his own soil and un-
dersell him, yet they must have a premium
from us.
We want cheaper pig-iron. As coal drives
the machinery, so iron forms it. Civilization
could neither stand nor move without these
two elements. Why is it—let some man learned
in the intricacies of the tariff system answer—
why is it we import so much of the higher
forms of manufactured iron and so little pig-
iron? It must be either that the tariff on
manufactured iron is too low or the tariff on
pig-iron is too high.
But, say gentlemen, we want a tariff in the
interest of labor. There is more labor in a
pound of the finely manufactured article of
iron than in a ton of pig-iron. Let us bring
in the raw material at a reduced rate and let
our own skilled labor work it up when here.
And if we have not enough skilled labor let
more come to us from foreign countries in
greater number. Let the foreign "labor
slave," as he is called, dig under ground and
mine in the earth while our people work with
skilled industry in the air and in the light.
Hides and skins should be admitted free.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means says the committee, in its consideration
of this question, found that while there were
large quantities of hides imported there were
also a great many produced in the country. 1
will say to the learned committee that they
appear to have forgotten one material fact in
their grave consideration of this question, and
that is that every hide-bearing animal is en-
dowed by nature with the capacity to produce
his own hide without any tariff, and_ there is
no danger of no more hides growing if we do
not protect them by a law. The happy aumlj
creatures will continue to cultivate their ov, n
hides to suit themselves, in blissful lgiioiaiuv
of our tariff and even of the market value oi
the skins they bear. We have in this country
