3962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
and six hundred and fifty one, I move to strike
out all special taxes on wholesale liquor deal-
ers. I wish to call the attention of the House,
as well as of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, to the fact that the book
which all wholesale liquor dealers are required
to keep, and in which every barrel of spirits
the}' handle has to be entered separately when
they receive them, arid again when they sell
them, is in the following form:
1. Serial number of each packago.
2. Wine gallons ill each package.
3. Proof gallons in each package.
4. Proof.
5. Serial numbers of warehouse stamps.
6. Serial numbers of tax-paid stamps.
7. The name of the spirits.
8. By whom produced,
9. Distriet where produced.
10. Date of original package.
11. By whom gauged.
Now, to this labor that I have stated, which
is attended with a heavy expense, add a tax
on sales, and a wholesale liquor dealer's busi-
ness is worthless.
The tax on sales of distilled and redistilled
spirits should be repealed and included in the
direct tax that the distiller is required to pay.
My reason for it is this: that the commission
merchant or wholesale dealer who sells spirits
for the manufacturer has to perform more labor
under the present law to comply with its re-
quirements than he would be obliged to do in
any other commercial pursuit. He has to fur-
nish an immense capital to carry on his busi-
ness, and should therefore have an equal chance
with merchants and dealers in other products.
The wholesale liquor dealer, notwithstanding
the arduous and perplexing labors he has to per-
form in the prosecution of his business, only
receives the ordinary commission for handling
and selling spirits that is usually paid on flour,
pork, and various other products, which by the
bill before the House are proposed to be ex-
empted from the tax on sales.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman appears
to be opposed to any special tax on wholesale
liquor dealers, on the ground that they are
annoyed enough already. I am aware that
those who either distill or rectify, or deal in
liquors as wholesale or retail dealers, are sub-
jected to a good many restrictions and pro-
visions of law that are in some sense annoy-
ing. But this happens to be appurtenant to
the particular article in which they deal, or
whicli they manufacture. It arises out of the
fact that we are trying to drift into the direc-
tion of making this and a few other articles
pay all the internal taxes of the country.
Now, I will tell the gentleman why, so far
as principle is concerned, I must oppose his
proposition. Though I sympathize with these
gentlemen in not wanting to pay any taxes, I
sympathize also with the Government in try-
ing to get as much tax as possible from whisky,
among other articles. I think that distilled
spirits and tobacco—I sometimes take a little
of the one, never any .of the other, and feel
no partiality whatever for or against one or
the other—I think that distilled spirits and
tobacco ought to have taxes imposed upon
them up to the highest revenue point, what-
ever that may be. I think we should get as
much tax off them as we can. I think that
the article being manufactured here in this
country, and a prohibitory duty being placed
on its importation, very much if not the entire
amount of the tax will be added to the cost
of the article. And therefore it may be said
that these taxes, whether upon the distiller or
on the still, or on the amount produced, or on
the capacity of the distillery, or upon the dealer
in the whisky, will eventually come off the con-
sumer. And that is what I want. I want
every man, when he takes a chew or a drink, to
think if he is not doing it to the glory of God
he is, at least, doing it for the benefit of the
revenue.
Mr. BENNETT. That is what I want, but I
do not want the tax to be imposed in this way.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not see why we should
not lay a direct tax on these parties when we
put a direct tax on the manufacturer, and on
a great many others engaged in trade. I know
that these gentlemen do not understand why
they should be taxed as other people are. I
have had hundreds of people coming to me
and appealing to me why a man who deals in
whisky should be taxed more than a man who
deals in clothing or leather, and I have an-
swered that the articles in which he deals are
supplies for an artificial appetite, and that we
must make the consumers pay for the indul-
gence. This is the ground upon which, we place
these taxes, and we have thus far been consist-
ent in maintaining that distinction.
Mr. MARSHALL. I desire to offer an
amendment, as follows:
In line six hundred and fifty strike out" ten dol-
lars" and insert " five dollars;" so that it will read,
*' and five dollars for every additional $1,000 on afl
sales in excess of $2,000."
The SPEAKER. That might be offered as
a distinct amendment after the amendment of
the gentleman from New York is disposed of.
Does the gentleman desire to offer it now ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I would rather offer it
now. I do so for the purpose of making a
remark or two on the proposition to strike
out this special tax. As I was a member of
the committee which reported the bill, although
I was not present when this part of the bill
was settled upon, I desire to state briefly the
grounds on which I base my judgment in sup-
porting my proposition.
I agree with the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means that there is nothing in
this country which will bear taxation so well as
spirituous liquors and tobacco. I do not know
but we should raise a much greater revenue
therefrom than we do. I think that after the
machinery for collecting taxes and avoiding
frauds shall have been perfected it may be
well to increase the tax on spirituous liquors.
But I hold that suah a tax should be imposed
on the same principles as those which regulate
the taxes on any other articles of commerce.
The committee, as I think very wisely, agreed to
strike out all taxes upon sales as to everything
else but spirituous liquors. I consider that a
tax on sales is a most objectionable mode of
taxation. It is a tax on moving property every
time that it is moved, until in passing from
hand to hand so much has been laid upon it
that the last holder is broken down in attempt-
ing to compete with the original holder.
Now, I consider that the handlers of these
liquors, the merchants who deal in them, the
distributors of them, are just as meritorious a
class of persons as any other in our country ;
they are doing as much for the purposes of
commerce, and they should have the same con-
sideration as all other classes. It is not a just
principle, either in regard to spiritous liquors
or any other article, to put a tax on sales.
It is a tax on commerce, on the free move-
ment of property, and is injurious to every
branch of business to which it is applied. Sup-
pose a man owns $100,000 worth of spirit-
uous liquors, and being compelled to raise
money has to dispose of that property for a
few days to some other party. Any man may
get into such business straits as to be com-
pelled to do this, and it is a great hardship
to him that he should have to pay on such
a transaction a tax of $1,000. And so it goes
from one hand to another until the business
is broken down. I think if any additional tax
is to be exacted we ought to put it in the
first instance on the distiller of the liquor
before it leaves his hands, but let this class
of merchandise move freely in business trans-
actions, just as every other article of com-
merce does. This is one of the most import-
ant articles to the people of the Northwest.
The people of Ohio and Illinois and Kentucky
alone pay $20,000,000 to the Government on
this article. The farmers of Ohio and the West
regard this as the most important article of
manufacture in the country; and I do not think
that any of these embarrassing taxes should be
imposed on this article of manufacture.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say a word in
reply to my colleague on the Committee of
Ways and Means from Illinois, [Mr. Mar-
shall.] The House will observe that the
Committee of Ways and Means, in preparing
this section of the tax bill, have endeavored not
to change the existing law as to theamount of
taxation. If we were making a revision of the
tax upon distilled spirits the argument of the
gentleman from Illinois might have some force;
but this bill relates only to the special taxes
upon distilled spirits and the sale of distilled
spirits. If the amendment of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Besnbtt] shall prevail,
it will simply operate as a reduction of the rev-
enue from distilled spirits, the very reverse of
what the gentleman from Illinois proposes. He
proposes that this class of luxuries shall pay
the highest possible tax, but the amendment
of the gentleman from New York will have the
effect to largely reduce the revenue from dis-
tilled spirits.
Mr. BENNETT. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to the fact that the wines
are shipped directly to the commission mer-
chant, and thus the tax is evaded.
Mr. ALLISON. Undoubtedly. We have
exempted in the original law the distillers who
sell only their own manufacture from the oper-
ation of this tax. Now, if the object of the
House is to change entirely the law with refer-
ence to distilled spirits, then they might propose
such changes here; but until the general ques-
tion is before the House I appeal to gentlemen
not to propose any changes in the special taxes,
because the only effect will be to reduce the
revenue from distilled spirits. If we are to
dispense with the per diem, tax and all these
other taxes, and place a specific tax at the
worm or the distillery, that is another thing;
but I do not think that at present we ought to
do that. Why? Because the present law ends
well.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Marshall's
amendment to the amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Bennett's
amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. _ I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting six, for the purpose of adding
one word to what I have already said. Last
year we collected over fifty-two million dollars
from distilled spirits, as against $13,000,000
under the old law. Now, I appeal to gentle-
men not to change by piecemeal the existing
law in relation to distilled spirits. That ques-
tion will come up when amendments are
proposed in the law in relation to distilled
spirits.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, I do not know
what the purpose of the Committee of Ways
and Means is in reference to this legislation,
as I understand they have two other bills on
this subject of internal revenue ; but so far as
appearances go we are to get nothing upon this
subject except the bill now before the House
looking to the reduction of taxes. I do not
suppose that any other bill upon this subject
can be passed except this one, and I do not
understand why it is that the House, in view
of this fact, is not willing to come directly to
the question whether we are going to reduce
the taxes and the expenses under the internal
revenue law. This is a proposition to tax sales,
and my judgment is that the whole thing ought
to be wiped out.
Mr. ALLISON. Does not the gentleman
know that this tax is precisely the same as in
the existing law ?
Mr. CULLOM. I so understand, and I pro-
pose, so far as I am concerned, to be in favor
