1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
to throw off the Spanish yoke, we ought not
to aid or permit our citizens to aid in any
of the forms above mentioned the Spanish
Government to overthrow the insurgents. As
the matter now stands we are the allies of
Spain against the insurgent Cubans. We are
furnishing Spain with arms, munitions, sol-
diers, sailors, ships of war, and provisions for
her armies to be employed against the insur-
gent Cubans; while on the other hand_ we
prosecute with energy and punish with vigor
every attempt to aid the Cubans from our
shores. I am not complaining of the enforce-
ment of the neutrality laws against those who
seek to aid the Cubans, but of the inhumanity,
the injustice, and the impolicy of supplying
Spain with the means for their subjection. We
may not help Cuba, but why should we help
Spain? We cannot hide behind technicalities;
we cannot protect ourselves from notorious
facts by legal presumptions. Whether there is
war in Cuba, as defined by the law of nations,
the notorious fact is that there is an armed
struggle in Cuba, which has been going on for
more than sixteen months on a large and bloody
scale, against which the whole naval and mili-
tary power of Spain has as yet made but little
impression. Call it what you will, war or
insurrection—names make but little differ-
ence—it has dangerously threatened the power
of Spain in that island, and ha  taxed her
resources and energies to the utmost. The
debates in the Spanish Cortes, the concurring
accounts in the European and American press,
the hovering of the whole Spanish fleet around
the Cuban coast, the raising of many thousands
of volunteers, the employment of the whole
Spanish army that can be spared from keeping
down a republic at home, the construction of
a vast fleet of gun-boats within our harbors, all
testify to the magnitude of the contest. I
would tell Spain that if she maintains her power
over Cuba she must do it without our help.
We cannot become parties to her bloody opprea
sions through any supposed rule of interna-
tional law.
Let us therefore pass a law making it an
offense to be severely punished to fit out or
equip any ship of war in whole or in part
within the limits of the United States, or to
furnish arms or munitions with intent that
the same shall be employed by foreign Gov-
ernments against their subjects or any portion
of them in their own colonies Or possessions.
The President cannot act without law, and
we should promptly furnish him with a com-
prehensive statute.
Consider how revolting is the war of Spain
against Cuba, how it is carried on with a mur-
derous cruelty that emulates the horrors of the
French revolution, and reminds us that although
the power and dignity of Spain have declined
Vastly since the days of Philip II her character
has lost nothing of the atrocious and satanic
barbarism by which it was distinguished in the
war in the Netherlands.
Since 1825 the people of Cuba have been
governed by a Cortes in Spain in which they
have no vote and in which their voice is never
heard; by a captain general appointed by the
Spanish Government, the letter of whose in-
structions give to him "the full power of a
commander of a besieged city," who may at
pleasure rob the people of their lives and prop-
erty, and whose sole business is to plunder them
of the last dollar to fill his own ana the Spanish
treasury. Think of it; more than one million
two hundred thousand people, our neighbors,
living by our side, whose sympathies are with
us; whose interests, trade, and commerce are
naturally with us; whose lives and property are
held absolutely at the will of a foreign viceroy,
who hates them and governs them only to rob,
have through generations suffered oppressions
of which our fathers never dreamed and we can
scarce conceive. And when human nature
could no_ longer endure, and from the depths
of despair the suffering people rose in resist-
ahce, they were slaughtered like beasts, shot
without trial, transported without mercy. And
these monsters of oppression, setting at defiance
all the rules of civilized war, violating every
law, human and Divine, draw their supplies
from our shores, and our statutes forbid it not.
How inconsistent our attitude of to-day with
our history in the past I Have we not for three
quarters of a century, in season and out, pro-
claimed our sympathy with the oppressed mil-
lions throughout the world? We made haste
to send our resolutions of sympathy to remote
Greece and acknowledge her independence ;
we made haste to extend our sympathy to the
! republics of South America and concede to
them belligerent rights; we sent words of
'• condolence and hope to distant Crete; but in
the case of our neighbors and friends in Cuba,
whose voices crying for relief from a despotism
more terrible than all others we can almost
hear in the walls of this Chamber, we turn a
deaf ear and pass by on the other side. Why,
sir, not even a resolution of sympathy has
escaped from the Congressof the United States.
In the presence of the haughty Spaniard, who
has been amiably described as " our constant
friend," we stand abashed, afraid to utter
those commonplaces against slavery and op-
pression which we have launched against Tur-
key, Austria, and England with impunity,
while the most horrible atrocities against liberty
and humanity are perpetrated in our very
presence.
Living nearer to and having more intimate
relations with Cuba than with any American
colony that has asserted its independence, we
have shown toward her people an indifference
and coldness such as we have never before dis-
played toward any people struggling for liberty,
whether on this continent, in Europe, or Asia.
And this, sir, has always been our unnatural
policy toward them.
After the Spanish American colonies had
attained their independence a plan was con-
ceived for effecting the independence of Cuba in
which the new republics were to aid. But it was
promptly checked by the United States from
the fear that if Cuba became free slavery would
be abolished and thereby the existence of
slavery in the United States endangered. We
complain bitterly that England, after her long-
professed opposition to slavery, suddenly es-
poused its cause during the late rebellion, and
are we not now in effect, though without inten-
tion, espousing the cause of slavery in Cuba?
Sir, I thought that" slavery had been out-
lawed ; that it had no resting-place in the law
of nations; was to be expelled from civilized
society, and had come to be regarded as the
'' embodiment of all barbarism.'' But, behold!
the insurgents of Cuba struggling to abolish
slavery, and Spain, backed by all the resources
of the United States, struggling for its main-
tenance. Sir, I declare to you that in my
humble judgment the United States ought not,
directly or indirectly or in a remote degree, to
give aid or comfort to any Government in its
effort to maintain the institution of slavery.
When we consider how much slavery has cost
us; how much blood, how much treasure, how
much suffering, and how near it brought us to
the door of destruction, no feeling of polite-
ness, no punctilious regard for "an amiable
friend," should bring us to do anything by
which its curse may be fastened upon another
country.
But, sir, I come now to consider the Cuban
question in what-may be called the American
view. Cuba belongs to this continent; she is
an adjacent isle, and is a part of the American
system, and is as fully included in what is
called the Monroe doctrine as if she were a
part of the mainland. Long ago we declared
our policy, in which all parties have since con-
curred, and with which we have made all Eu-
rope acquainted, that we could not consent to
the establishment of any new European colony
upon this continent, or of monarchical institu-
tions by the interference of a foreign Power.
The late attempt by France to erect a throne
in Mexico, and place Maximilian upon it, we
met promptly by the reassertion of our policy,
and gave France clearly to understand that her
persistence in the attempt would be regarded
as cause of war.
In the assertion of our policy, however, we
made a proviso, that, while we would permit no
new colony or monarchy, we would not inter-
fere with an existing colony or possession
belonging to a foreigu Government. But the
proviso went no further than saying "we would
not interfere." The existence of such foreign
colony was in contravention of our policy, but
as an existing fact we would not disturb it; but
I maintain that as a direct corollary of our
policy, as a consistent and necessary sequence,
we should not aid directly or indirectly such
foreign Government to maintain its supremacy
over its colony; that we should not permit
arms, ships of war, soldiers, or sailors to be
procured within our limits to assist such for-
eign Government in maintaining its supremacy
over such colony.
The possession of Cuba by Spain is in hos-
tility to our policy, and if she maintains it, it
should be by her own power and resources,
and she should not expect us by the courtesy
of nations to furnish military or naval supplies
for that purpose. If she claims the right under
the law of nations to draw her supplies from
us, we answer that this is an American ques-
tion, and we refuse to be bound by rules that
may be proper between the Governments of
Europe in the suppression of internal revolu-
tions.
In allowing Spain to draw from us the sup-
plies by which she hopes to subdue the insur-
rection in Cuba, we abandon the essential spirit
and purpose of the Monroe doctrine.
In a high moral and philanthropic point of
view the United States would be clearly justi-
fied in aiding the Cubans by force of arms to
establish their independence; but as that would
be in violation of our traditional policy, which
is to avoid entangling alliances and not inter-
fere in the affairs of other nations, we may
content ourselves by enforcing the American
doctrine that we will not aid or encourage any
foreign Government to maintain its supremacy
over an American colony.
The question of intent or purpose is one of
fact, to be proven like any other fact, and does
not in any way depend upon the magnitude ofthe
insurrection, or whether our Government has
conceded to the insurgents belligerent rights
or may properly concede them, but upon the
simple question, are the supplies to be em-
ployed by the foreign Government against the
people or any portion of the people of an
American colony?
The President in his late message, speaking
of Cuba, said:
"These dependencies are no longer regarded as
subject to transfer from one European Power to
another. When the present relation of colonies
ceases they are to become independent Powers, ex-
ercising the right of choice and self-control in the
determination of their future condition and relations
with other Powers."
This doctrine is in contravention of the law
of nations; for, according to its rules, Spain may
transfer the sovereignty of Cuba to England,
and England become possessed of all the rights
of Spain. But it is in harmony with the great
principles of natural justice, liberty, and the
progress oftheage,andisbutanother expression
of the American doctrine. If we deny the right
I of Spain to transfer Cuba, as Italy transferred
| Savoy, is it not within the spirit and scope of
the purpose that we shall refuse to contribute
to aid Spain in maintaining possession of Cuba
by military force ? If we refuse to permit Spam
to transfer Cuba to England, as France trans-
ferred Louisiana to us, it shows that we have
a distinctive American policy, which, however,
! will be exceptional and inconsistent while we
contribute to Spain the means of maintaining
the military possession of Cuba. N on-interven-
tion in the affairs of other nations has been our
life-long policy j but our intervention for Spain
