4906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
organize the company. That is the theory. If
that is not so, it these men have any power,
unless they subscribe stock, they ought to have
a very careful examination as to every name
that is put in ; but if these names are merely
honorary, merely put in as commissioners to
organize the company, I see no harm in putting
in every respectable name that any Senator
nominates, and I shall vote for every such
name. Certainly I think, after names are put
in, to strike them out when the bill has been
carried half through the Senate is a stigma
upon them.
Mr. ABBOTT. I inquire of the Senator
from Rhode Island if there are no names among
the corporators from Rhode Island ?
Mr. ANTHONY. One. These persons all
own large property in the region where this
line traverses in Arizona. They have a legiti-
mate interest in the road, and they are all men
of high character; they are men of property
and position, and will add to the character of
any corporation to which they belong.
Mr. McCREERY. I offer some name3 in
addition to those submitted by the Senator from
Rhode Island, and there is a very good reason
why they should go in. They are directors of
the railroad already in operation from Shreve-
port to Marshall.
Mr. RICE. I wish to make a remark about
these names. As 1 have stated before, there
has been a contest between two different com-
panies, in effect, in regard to the thirty-second
parallel road, one favored by the House and
one favored by the Senate, and the committees
of the two Houses had agreed to report entirely
different bills. With a view of harmony the
names of each, to a great extent, have been com-
bined in this bill. This bill, as it now stands,
is understood to be satisfactory to the friends
of both sides in the House, and our great object
is to get a bill that is sufficiently satisfactory
to go through both Houses. We could have
passed, I have no doubt, the Senate bill un-
amended through the Senate; but for the pur-
pose of getting a bill that would be satisfactory
at the other end of the Capitol, in order that
we might have action this session upon it, this
combination of corporators was made, and it
is as a whole satisfactory. If you commence
adding to it I cannot tell whether it will in the
end be satisfactory or not.
I will state further, that in making up the
list some names from various States that were
in each bill necessarily had to he dropped out,
in order to prevent making the number too
great.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the object is to pass a
bill that shall be satisfactory to the other House,
the better plan would be to let the other House
pass it first, and then let us act on it when it
comes over. It excites my suspicion when
objections are made to any respectable names,
no matter how numerous, going into this bill.
I understand that these commissioners have no
authority whatever except to organize the com-
pany. If there are five thousand of them 1 do
not see what harm it does. When the Central
and Union Pacific railroad bill was in this
Chamber any number of names that any Sen-
ator proposed were added to the bill. I do
not think any single one was objected to.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the amendment
of the Senator from Rhode Island, and also
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky,
will prevail. I see no objection to adding even
five hundred names. I presume no Senator
will present any names except those of persons
who are at least respectable.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, adding the two names
mentioned by him.
Mr. NYE. If that is the end of it we will
accept it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. McCreery] has sent
up an amendment to add to the list of corpor-
ators.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely wish to move an
amendment striking out two names from the
list.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan will be recognized.
Mr. HOWARD. There are in the list of
corporators the names of Eber B. Ward and
Charles C. Trowbridge. I move to strike out
these names, for a reason that is given mo by
both these gentlemen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the name of Mr. Trowbridge has
been stricken out.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I move to strikeout
the name of Mr. Ward. He declines to be
connected with the association.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. McCREERY. I call for the reading of
the names I have sent to the desk.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to make a verbal
correction in the name of "Silas M. Martin."
It should be " Silas N. Martin."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. McCREERY. I have sent some names
to the Clerk's table to be inserted.
The Chief Clerk read the names proposed
to be added by Mr. McCreery to the list of
corporators, as follows:
Charles Cobb, John S. Long, W. C. Hall, J. Monks,
Thomas Coleman, Val. Hall, and W. A. Ilausor.
Mr. RICE. I inquire if they are friends of
the Southern Pacific railroad, of this bill?
Mr. McCREERY. They are at present direct-
ors of the road leading from Shreveport to
Marshall and on to Hallsville.
Mr. 11ICE. I ask the question if they are
friends and supporters of this bill?
Mr. McCREERY. I suppose they are friends
and supporters of this bill. I cannot answer
the question, though, directly. I think they
want a southern Pacific railroad built.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky by
inserting the names of 
Mr. NYE. I hope the friends of this bill
will stop these additional names. They are
evidently loading the bill with people unfriendly
to the road. My honorable friend from Ken-
tucky will not say that his people are friendly.
Mr. McCREERY. These gentlemen are
friendly. I think they have fifty or sixty miles
of road now built that they expect to become
a part of this road.
Mr. NYE. That is a very good reason why
they should not be directors. I hope the Sen-
ate will stop this.
Mr. McCREERY. We are not making them
directors, but corporators.
Mr. NYE. I meant corporators.
Mr. SPENCER. I would inquire of the
Chair if an amendment to the amendment is
not in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. SPENCER. Then I offer the names
which I send to the Clerk of six distinguished
gentlemen of Alabama, prominent citizens,
five of them already railroad directors, who are
deeply interested in the Southern Pacific rail-
road, and I ask that they be added to the list
of corporators. Five of them already have
large railroad interests in the State of Alabama,
and the sixth is the collector of customs at
the port of Mobile—an honest, reliable, and
wealthy man, who takes a deep interest in this
national enterprise.
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Alabama if the gen-
tlemen he names are in favor of this bill ?
Mr. SPENCER. I know that these men
take a deep interest in the Southern Pacific
railroad. They are all men of wealth, reli-
ability, and<|>osition.
Mr. NYE. Does the honorable Senator
himself feel friendly to this bill ?
Mr. SPENCER. I take a deep interest in
the Southern Pacific railroad, as much so as
the Senator from Nevada, asitinterests agreat
many of my constituents more particularly than
it does bis.
Mr. NYE. I understand, I think, precisely
the honorable Senator's position; and I hope
the Senate will not adopt tlrese names.
Mr. MpDONALD. I will state that I have
a large number of names of gentlemen that I
am very friendly to, and who are very desir-
ous of having their names put in the bill; but
I have constantly refused to make such motions
on the ground tha£ I know the result would be
to create dissatisfaction. The names already
in have been agreed on; and to continue to
add names in this way will be the destruction
of the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am in the same situ-
ation. I have been requested to propose
names. I think the chairman of the com-
mittee ought not to have allowed^ this bill to
be changed in that way at the beginning. To
begin with, two names have been inserted
herelfrom Rhode Island simply because the
Senators from Rhode Island insisted on it. I
do not see why other Senators have not aright
to have the names of their particular friends
put into this bill with the Senators from Rhode
Island. By opening the door you invited these
applications from all directions; and I shall
insist that the name of the man who applied
to me, and whom 1 know to be a good man and
a friend of this road, shall go in if anybody's
name goes in.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from Oregon refers to the chairman of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad as being
derelict in suffering these names to be put in.
I beg to remind the honorable Senator that the
present list which has been incorporated in
this bill was never before the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad. That list was incorpo-
rated on an amendment offered by the honora-
ble Senator from Nevada, so that I do not
consider myself or the committee responsible
for that list.
Mr. SAWYER. It is well known that there
was a considerable contest the other evening on
this question of names. It is well known that
the list of names which was reported by the
committee was considered by the committee,
and the chairman of the committee told us in
the Senate that those names had been care-
fully considered in committee. Another list
of names which had been carefully considered
by other Senators was substituted by a vote of
the Senate. The chairman of the committee is
not responsible, nor is the committee responsi-
ble for the list of names that now appear as
corporators. But, sir, I protest against the
admission here of names about which the com-
mittee have made no report, which have not
been before the committee, and which the Sen-
ate hear to-night for the first time.
Mr. SPENCER. Mr. President-
Mr. SAWYER. I decline to be interrupted
at this moment. I furthermore protest, as a
friend of this measure, against the introduction
of the names of corporators iu this bill by those
who are known to be unfriendly to the passage
of the bill. 1 protest against the bill being
killed in the house of its quasi friends.
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask to whom lie refers by that assertion?
Mr. SAWYER. I beg the Senator's pardon ;
I believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina declines to yield.
Mr. SAWYER. That is precisely what this
movement to put in additional names means in
some cases. It means to put in the names ot
individuals who are known to be opposed to the
body of gentlemen whose names have alreadv,
by a triumphant vote of the Senate, been pur.
into the bill. Now, if the Senate prooose to
allow Senators who have evinced their hostility
to the bill, as it now stands before the Senate,
