1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2075
Bat that is estimating anthracite coal at 40
cents a ton when it really should be counted at
$1 25. It is delusion to put anthracite coal at
40 cents or make it free when there is none
to be imported. If you protect bituminous coal
you protect anthracite j and counting anthra-
cite and bituminous coal together the bounty
was $21,147,034. She largely increased her
production of these articles last year. I have
not the amount j but supposing it to have been
the same, then how does her account stand
with the Government? She paid in internal
revenue taxes last year $15,438,975 j she re-
ceived, counting anthracite at 40 cents, a pre-
mium on her coal and iron of $14,259,418,
almost as much on her raw material as she paid
in internal revenue taxes.
Without the premiums on higher forms of
iron or any other protected manufactures,
her account is almost even ; she received nearly
as much as she paid. No wonder Pennsylva-
nia flourishes ; no wonder she builds herself
up so grandly. As an example of her amaz-
ing prosperity under the protective policy I
refer to page 18 of the Miner's Journal, where
the county of Schuylkill, one of the richest
mining regions, sets herself forth. That paper
says that in 1820 there were ten townships in
Schuylkill county the assessed vafue of the
property of which was $2,227,521, and that
the value of property in the same county now
is $40,000,000. And on page 26 of the same
journal it says that in 1811 Schuylkill county
was cut off from Berks county. Berks county
then said, "Let her go ; she is so poor she is
only an expense to us;" and that her popula-
tion, which in 1820 was 11,339, has increased
to 118,000 or 120,000. This article speaks with
pride of a petition for protection which lias
been forwarded to Congress containing " 100
feet of names of citizens of Schuylkill county."
Can they not afford, cannot Pennsylvania af-
ford to be liberal? Has she not been suffi-
ciently favored? Is it not time that hpr peo-
ple and their able Representatives in Congress
should abate something of their demands ? L
appeal to the patriots from Pennsylvania; I
appeal to them in the interest of justice, for
the sake of their country, for the sake of their
party, for their own honor before the world,
to abate something of their demands and join
us here in relieving the people from the bur-
dens of taxation.
Mr. COOK. X now move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No-
1008) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
infirmary hospital.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back the peti-
tion of Rachel M. Townsend and Josephine S.
Griffing, praying for the establishment of an
infirmary hospital in the city of Washington,
and moved that the committee be discharged
from its further consideration, and that the
same be referred to the Committee on Appio-
priations.
The motion was agreed to ; and it was
ordered accordingly.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment a House bill
and joint resolution of the following titles :
An act (II. K. No. 860) to confirm an ap-
portionment and amend certain laws of the
Territory of Arizona ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 53) for the relief
of Francis S. McDonald.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
An act (S. No. G03) to incorporate the Me-
tropolitan Presbyterian Church of the city
of Washington ; and
An act (S. No. 037) to relieve public chari-
ties from taxation.
POLICE COURT FOR TXIE DISTRICT.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back House bill
No. 38, to establish a police court in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, with a substitute.
The substitute was read. It was to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
That thoro shall bo established in tlio District of
Columbia a court, to bo called "Polico Court of the
Districtof Columbia," which shall havcoriginal and
exclusive jurisdiction of all offenses committed in tho
Districtof Columbia not deemed capitai or infamous
crimes; that is to say, of all offenses which aro de-
clared to bo misdemeanors and made punishable as
such, and not punishable capitally or byimprison-
mentin the penitentiary, and of all offenses against
any of the ordinances of the city of Washington or
the city of Georgetown, or the levy court of thccounty
of Washington. It shall consist of ono judge, who
shall be appointed by tho President of tho United
States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, for tho term of six years; and who shall,
before entering on tho duties of hi a office, tako the
oath prescribed to bo taken by judges of the courts
of the United States.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, Thatthesalaryof
said judge shall be $3,000 per annum. The said court
shall have power to appoint a clerk, at a salary of
ยง2,000 per annum; said clerk shall have power to
administer oaths and affirmations, and shall give
bond, with surety, as prescribed by law for clerks of
district courts ot the United States, who shall hold
his office for six years, unless soonerromovod bysaid
court for good cause.
Sec. 3. And be tt further enacted, That prosecutions
in said court shall bo by information or complaint
under oath, without indictment by grand jury or trial
by petit jury; but aparty dooming himself aggrieved
by the judgment of said court may appeal to the crim-
inal court held by a justieo of tho supremo court of
tho District of Colum bia; and in such ease said a ppca 1
shall be tried on the information or complaint filed
in tho court below, certified to said criminal court by
a jury attending atsaid criminal court, although the
caso had originated in tho last-mentioned court.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That said police
court shall hold a term thereof in each month of tho
year; said terms shall begin on the first Monday of
cach month; and in caso of bickness or disability
of said police judge tho mayor of the city of Wash-
ington shall designate some justice of the peace of
said District to discharge the duties thereof until
such disability be removed. Said court shall have
the power to issue process for the arrest of persons
against whom information or complaint under oath
may bo filed at any time, and to compel tho attend-
ance of witnesses; such process may be directed to
tho chief of the Metropolitan police of the District
of Columbia, who shall exccutc, or cause to bo exe-
cuted, the same, and make return thereof in like
manner as in other cases; such process shall be under
the seal of said court, and shall bear teste in thenamo
of the judge thereof, and signed by tho clerk.
Slu. 5. Andbeitjurtherenuvted, That the said court
shall have power to punish contempts, and to issue
all process necessary tor the exercise of its jurisdic-
tion, and shall have a seal. It shall not have juris-
diction to naturalize foreigners.
Sec. G. And be itjurther enacted, That said court
shall have power to appoint ono bailiff, who shall
receive lor his services 50 for each dny'y attend-
ance upon said court, as provided for in section four-
teen, certified by tho judge of tho court.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That thefe shall
bo no fee charged for any service by tho clerk. The
witnesses shall rcceivc tnc same fees as aro allowed
for similar service and attendance in the supreme
court of the Districtof Columbia, and bo paid by the
local jurisdiction in which the offense shall bo com-
mitted.
Sec. 8. Andbc it further enacted, That in all appeals
from said court tho parly applying for tho appeal
shall enter into a recognizance, with sulhcient surety,
to be approved by the said court, for his appearanco
at the criminal court then in session, or at the next
term thereof if said criminal court be not then in
session, there to prosecute said appeal and to abide
the judgment of said criminal court; said recogni-
zance, with &a.id approval indorsed thereon, and tho
information, shall be immediately transmitted to the
clerk of tho supremo court of the District of Colum-
bia. Upon such recognizance being entered into all
further proceedings shall be stayed m the said police
court, and the judgment of said criminal court shall
be final in the case.
Sec. 9. And be it fiuthcr enaited, That the bailiff
of said court may act as a deputy tor the marshal of
said District of Columbia lor the service of process
issued by said court.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That said police
court shall be provided with a suitable ylace for the
holding of its sessions at the expense of the District
of Columbia, to be apportioned as provided for m
section fourteen. Said court shall have power to do
all acts which may be necessary to the exercise of
the jurisdiction hereby conferred.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That upon the
failure of any party appealing from the judgment
of said police court to the criminal court to enter
into recognizance, as provided for in section eight,
no snail be committed to jail to await his trial upon
his appeal; and said trial may be had in said crim-
inal court as though said recognizance had been
entered into. In sueh case it shall bo the duty of
the court below to send up information filed in the
cause and a copy of the record of ail the proceedings
to the criminal court.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That said court
shall have power to make such rules and regulations
as may be deemed necessary and properfor conduct-
ing business therein. Contempts maybe punished
byline and imprisonment, or both: but the fine shall
not exceed twenty dollars, nor the imprisonment be
longer than twenty-four hours.
Sec. 18. Andbe it further enacted, That thesalaries
of said judge and clerk of the police court and the
compensation of the said bailiff shall be paid quar-
terly by tho authorities of the cities of Washington
and Georgetown and the county of Washington, in
such proportions as may be fixed by the mayors of
Washington and Georgetown and the levy court of
said county, having reference to the value of the
taxable property therein respectively.
Sec. 11. Andbeit further enacted, That all fines and
penalties and costs assessed and collected by said
court shall be paid over by the clerk thereof to the
proper authorities of tho cities of Washington and
Georgetown and said county of Washington in the
same proportion as said mayors and levy court shall
apportion tho salaries aforesaid: Provided, Thatsuch
lines, penalties, and costs arising from tho violation
of the ordinances of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown and tho acts of the levy court of the
county of Washington shall be respectively paid
over to the proper authorities of said jurisdictions.
Sec. 15. And be it further enaeted. That it shall be
tho duty of theattorneysof thecitiesof Washington
and (Georgetown and tho levy court of the county of
Washington, or their assistants, to attend to the pros-
ecution, in said court, of all offenses arising out of
violations of any of the ordinances of said cities or
the laws of said levy court respectively; and for their
services they shall be paid by their respective author-
ities ; and it shall bethe duty of said cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown and said levy court respect-
ively, to levy and collect yearly the necessary tax to
defray the expenses incurred under this act.
Sec. 1G. Andbe it further enacted, That no justice
of (ho peace in said District of Columbia shall here-
after exercise any jurisdiction over crimes and
offenses the jurisdiction of which is given to the said
police court, either for examination, to hold to bail,
or final judgment, cxcept that said justieo may, on
complaint or actual viow, issue warrants against per-
sons accused of such offenses, which shall be made
returnable to the waid police court,of whichheshall
make a record in a book to be kept forthat purpose.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That no expense
incurred by the organization of this court shall be
paid by the Government of tho United States.^
Sec. IB. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall go into effect on tho first Monday of April, 18G9,
and all acts or parts of actsinconsistenthcrewitharo
herebyrepealed.
The substitute was agreed to.
Mr. WELKER. I call the ptevious ques-
tion on the bill as amended.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered $ and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
corporations in the district.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back with an
amendment in the form of a substitute, a bill
(IT. R. No. 1427) to provide for the creation
of corporations in the District of Columbia by
general law.
The substitute was read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the substitute will be regarded as agreed to,'
and will bo considered as the original bill.
There was no objection.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, a very large pro-
portion of the legislation demanded for this
District is the incorporation of societies for
special purposes. In this bill we have sought
to provide by general legislation for the incor-
poration of societies for every purpose^without
the passage of any special acts. ^ ihe nrst sec-
tiou provides for the incorporation ol institu-
tions of learning; the second, for tne incor*
