18T0.]
APPENDIX TO 'MB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
41ST COUG..,.2D Sfissi
Admission of Mississippi—Mr. Foiuler.
SfflrAls.
It is natural, or common at least, for those Who
are defeated or foiled m their ambition to cast
about for someone to blame and to seek revenge upon.
Often the object assailed hbeen merely Dassivc,
and sometimes wholly innocent. So it was With the
rebels alter their defeat. Their conquerors were be-
yond their reaeli or defiance; but here was toe poor
negro who had been mostly p&ssive walking before
thoir eyes a freeman, but in soinosense an instrument
of their overthrow, and here was the ill-fated south-
ern Unionist who had sympathized with tbe Govern-
ment and laughed at their calamities. Xheso two
classes, in spito of the presence of martial law and of
Federal bayonets, were the subjects of tho most em-
bit tered denunciation,and when theleast opportunity
ottered the objects of ihstant injury. When the mil-
itary power forced upon them a State governmeatto
be carried on by those hated domestic Yankees, and
that State government deprived them of the right
of suffrage and added other disabilities, their rage,
though smothered by fear, knew no bounds.
Tennessee has lor live years been a seOthhiR vol-
cano. Secret conspiracies have been formed, secret
societies established, midnight expeditions of masked
murderers have prowled over the country, and as-
sassinations havo been the order of the day. There has
been all the time but one salutary check upon them,
and that has been the menacing attitude of the
Federal Government—fear of the same power that
had dispersed their amies. The prcssuro of tho
dread of federal power kept this volcano from open
eruption ; but thero never was a day until after tho
last Augilsfc election when, if all fear of Federal
punishment had been removed, they Would not have
hanged the Governor and Legislature in twenty-four
hours, and havo expelled evory Unionist from tho
State, confiscated their goods, and reduced the hegio
back to slavery. As aremedy lor this state of things
tho Congress proposed tho fourteenth amendment,
which would havo disabled only from holding ofheo
ubout one man in two hundred, and that, too, without
sanction or penalty. State disfranchisement was our
only resort, and that was denounced by thePresident
and apparently notfavored by Congress. We were left
to grapple with thoease as best wc might. Whether
if We had had a friendly President wo might have
succeeded is problematical. Unfortunately, for the
want of one, the experiment win not tried. Wo
should assert and demand a government that will
protect us ?ls our risht. We have reached a point in
our perilous journey where the road has three forks.
We encounter a dilemma with three horns. > The
iirst is submission to a State government which is
the offspring of fraud and official corruption, the
child of peijury, ready to oppress and destroy us
whenever it dare do so; the second is to attempt
its overthrow by the usual political means—discus-
sion and the ballot; the third is to ask and demand
of the General Government that protection our
fidolity to it entitles us to.
In my judgment, the last is our only alternative
Wc cannot acquiesce in the present rebel rule with-
out compromising our self-respect and becoming
parties to an infamy. Wo arc too feeble to grapple
in politics with the rebel majority of numbers,
wealth, and power. We must turn, then, to that
Government for whom we havo suffered so much,
and whoso flag we followed through evil arid good
roportin spite of the dunceon and the gallows. Will
it hear our demand? Will it act promptly in our
behalf?
I will only add that the constitutional right of tho
General Government to reduce a rebellious Stato
Iroru its position in the Union to a tenifcori<il condi-
tion is in my mind unquestionable, and that this
treatment of tho rebel States will havo to be adopted
at an early day and continued^ until such time as
immigration to and emigration from tho South shall
change the people.
I have made tho condition of Tennessee my study
for live years. X have hold tho second executive
office in tho State «ince April, 1SG5, and my official
duties have brought mo into daily intercourse with
citizens of every pari of the Slate. My ooitvse has
been conservative and conciliatory, opposing ex-
tremes from what ever direction. Not that I believed
this course would result in a healthy reconstruction
of the State, but that the General Government had
adopted that policy, and 1 deemed it tho duty of
loyal citizens to second its eilort. I opposed all ex-
treme men. I desired to see tho conciliatory experi-
ment of the Government i'aiily tried. 1 was one of
the first. Republicans in tho State to advocate the
removal of disabilities. I did this because I desired
to sec the experiment tested, and because the people
of the North seemed to favor universal suffrage. The
object was to solve tho question whether the rebels
could be safely intrusted with, power over the white
and colored loyalists of the State.
Well, the experiment has been easiiy tested. The
rebels have been in power but a few weeks, and what
is tho result? Two malignant and vengeful bodies
areinsession at the eapitol: a Legislature to repeal
all laws for +he protection of the loyalist and for tho
elevation of the colored race, and to enact others to
ipjncss and injure them; y, convention to remove
fwh barriers asexistin the State constitution in the
way of their partisan designs. Tnis convention was
called by an illegitimate Legislature without either
law or precedent, but m avowed violation of both. Its
practical objectis to eject from office the presentloyal
judiciary and to seize upon all offices now held by
Union men. In one breath they say that elections
are too common, so they propose t,o take the election
o"judges from the people and giro if to the Legisla-
ture. In the nest they say that no office ought to bo
held without a vote of tho people, so they propose to
give the election of the heads of the departments to
the people. Eaehpartyhasamajority, because that
course results in v&catihg the "offices and filling thom
with rebels. . .
You are no doubt apprised of the proceedings of
the Legislature. They n&vfc not had' tithe to pc'rfect
all their schemes, but they have repealed every law
intended to protect Union men and to elevate tho
colored man. They have called a convention. 'They
have repealed tho school law "because it gave schools
to colored children. They have inatared taeasures
amounting to repudiation because our bonds are
held by northern men who set free our negroes and
ravagedour country. iTbis reason Was&ctUallygiven
ill debate, which by request was not reported.) They
have practically changed tho relation of landlord
and tenant to that of master and slave. They ro~
quiro the riegro to vote under tho eyO of his master
or employer, and forbid him under heavy penalty
from walking out of the highway. Many other kin-
dred measures are pending. They practice tho arts
of hypocrisy to perfection. There is not a man among
thom except tho twolvo Republicans but believes
the negro ought to be disfranchised and reduced to
slavery or killed; and yet they will with a flourish
give him tho right of suffrage in the proposed con-
stitution. They solomniy disclaim repudiation, and
go on to reduce tho revenue and refuse all provision
lor the Stato debt, and actually lepudiato by non-
action. They curse Congress, aside, with clenched
teeth, but object to the reading of a letter in conven-
tion that rejects upon Congress.
But 1 must conclude. Tho result of five years
study of and participation in Tennessee affairs is as
follows:
1. Tho hobtility pf Tennessee rebels to colored
people as free people, and toward Union men as lat e
belligerent enemies, is such that tho latter will bo
destroyed by being left withm the power of tho
former.
2. The General Government must either abandon
its friends m Tennessee, white and colored, to a
wretched fate, or it must take thom under its imme-
diate and direct protection.
3. To this end tho State will have to be reduced to
a territorial condition, and the protective power ot
the Government brought to the doors of the elassos
protected.
•i. if the latter is impossible, the whole loyal pop-
ulation must quit the Stfrto. . _ n
Moat respectfully, A. J. IiLEICIIIlB.
Hon. Lkwis Tillman, Wn&hififttoiu I). C.
Secretauy of Statf/s Officio,
Nashville, Tknnesslk, January 28,1870.
1\1y Dear Sib : I thank you for your letter of the
21st. There is one subject, colonel, that I intended
to advert to in my former letter that I otiiitted, aud
that is the lamentable but unmistakable tact that the
Geneial Government is lasing tholovc and devotion
of its friends and defenders in Tennessee. When
they seo citizons by tho half dozen shot or hung by
masked mobs without trial; when they seo their con-
stitution mocked by those sworn to support it; when
they seo their loyal courts stricken down to make
room for rebel judges, they begin to inquire as to
what they have gained by adhering to tho Union at
the cost of so much. The soldier inquires what has
been his reward for years of servico and suffering.
For nine years wo havo endured every spccics of
oppression and made every possible sacrifice for tho
sake of the Union. It in return has afforded us no
adequate protection. Wo are willing to forgivo our
beloved country for suffering us to bleed unprotected
during tho war, but thero can be no excuse now, no
plea lor neglecting us. I confess I am surprised at
the extent of those sentiments. To-day a gallant
Fedeial soldier exclaimed, in my prepeiice, "That
Government that fails to ?ive its friends protection
in return for allegianco is not entitled to respect,
and ought to be overthrown/' It is in \ ain to sug-
gest that thoStalo government must give protection.
Tho reply is that it is cither impotent, or is itself
ready to oppress.
Much has been said about tho instability of Ten-
nessee Republicans. My only wonder is that they
have held out so long and endured so much for so
little in return. One of our Senators at Wash-
ington attributes the fall of the Republican party m
Tennessee to one eau^e, and the other to another,
It is my opinion, and I have had oppoitunity to
observe, that if the General Government had sus-
tained us here by giving us personal security and
guarantying freedom ol thought and speech, the
Republican party would to-day have commanded
the State under universal sufbage. What do yon
<>iippo«e will bo the state of things when it shall be
finally settled that the Government will not inter-
vene in State affairs? Justnowtho rebels are quak-
: ing with ioarof Federal interference,and the eonven-
1 uon and Legislature are trying to be on their beat
behavior, and yet there is scarcely a day or night
that tone negro or white Unionist is not assassm-
od. 'l'uey have reduced ass<i?sination to a system.
The a«b:i«3.ns arc marked and blacked and dressed
iiko negroes and the crime is published as a negro
outrage, and then, other negroes are Kukhixcd tor
this pretended offense. I tell you, sir, that when
this present trepidation ceases and the rebel courts
iiro installed it will be impossible for us to remain
here, and you need not be surprised at a concerted
aud general nv- >nere in nvddto ,}pd rre<t T^nne? -re.
I havo bo far made n'O £r&cti6al suggestions &s to
what ought to be done, but you may ask what it is I,
want? I answer, protection—protection at every
man's door, andStflrt justi'co taoUrotfirtessors. "Give
us & gOverhme'hfc, Whether it be republican* ith£>e-
rial, or military, that will protect Us.-,.If Tennessee
is in a condition to be unfit for republican govern1-
ment, why. in God's name, let us have that govern-
ment that is adapted to our condition. To hold ort
to the dehisiv<? .form of republican institutions which
tho officers of the law aro impotent to maintain,.and
tne weak are destroyed by tho strong, is criminal
folly. I hesitate to iaaftke tho reninrk, butlihUst
confess to you that for severalmonths past my mind
has been coming to tho conclusion that if tho Gov-
ernment ineansto protect the eoloredrace and Union
citizens of the South, it will have to reduce tho rebel
States to Territories, and to furnish them with all
their officers, down to justices of tho peace. But
pardon my prolixity. It was my intention to write
tut a few sentences when I sot out. _ FIJ3I0HBE>
Hon. Lewis Tillman, Washington, D. C.
Admission of Mississippi.
SPEECH OF HON. JOSEPH S. FOWLER,
01' TENNESSEE,
Is tix13 Senate of the United States,
February 10 and 17, 1870.
the Senate havinpr under consideration tlio bill
(H. 11. No. 1095) to admit the State of Mississippi to
representation In tho Congress of the United States-
Mr. FOWLER said:
Mr. President : If it, is the desire of the
Senate to take the vote upon the bill I am
willing to give way. It' a vote could now bo
had it would give mo pleasure to yield; but
other Senators are anxious to be heard on this
grave and momentous question. The magni-
tude ol' the issue, if it were possible to enter
into the spirit and life of the nation, is an ade-
quate incentive to force a full and prolonged
discussion of the principles involved in _ it.
Whatever concerns the framework or the vital
forces of the Government demands the gravest
attention. Too much consideration cannot be
{riven to such political issues. When machinery
is to bo constructed for tho government of the
nation and States, or when old parts are to be
removed and replaced by new ones, it becomes
the actors and those for whom they act to reflect
long, to listen with patience, and to act with
caution. Standing in the very presence of the
men who won, at the cost of much blood and
suffering, our liberties, and who bound together
in oneharmonious unity the disconnected, inde-
pendent, and sovereign Communities that com-
posed the loose and impracticable confed erucy,
it becomes us to act with reverential awe.
Standing in the full gaze of the present, illu-
minated°with the treasured wisdom and expe-
rience of the ages that have passed to the illim-
itable bourne from which there is no return,
and acting from the lights that havo come to
us for the good of our generation and their
successors, let us modestly venture from that
line of conduct which experience has proved
useful and safe. Standingwith our faces toward
the future, and looking down its longvista, wo
behold the advancing ages, filled with coming
fenerations of immortal life, who are to hail us
as the wise or tho foolish, the good or the evil
spirits of our age; it becomes us as responsible
agents and men to consider well themonumeuts
we are now building upon the shores of time to
commemorate the objects for which we have
lived and acted. If in the eternal mechanism
of society and government we are to work any
important changes, we must do great things,
and perform them in exact harmony with the
Supreme Reason, or we shall enroll our names
among the ignoble and base. We are not left
to experiment; there is no place here for
empiricism. There is no excuse for failure,
for there is no demand for action. Thero is,
then, every consideration before us that could
stimulate and caution the good man to prudence.
From the beginning 1 have regarded these
questions as among the gravest and most mo-
