1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4907
to destroy it in this way, we cannot help our-
selves; but I prefer to protest against that way
of killing a southern Pacific railroad.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not know to whom the
honorable Senator from Sou th Carolina refers in
his remarks; but I wish to state lhat the names
which I have sent to the desk and moved as an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky are those of the best and most
responsible and most reliable men in the State
of Alabama. They are men of character, men
of position, men of wealth, men of sterling
worth. There are no men in the country,
North or South, who take a deeper interest in
the Southern Pacific railroad than those gen-
tlemen. Tliey are gentlemen who will add
character to the enterprise and to the road, and
I assure the Senate and I assure the country
that when you place the names of such men in
the list of corporators nobody will say there is
a job in it.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWARD. Let us vote. !
Mr. THAYER. Thatisjustthepointtowhich
I have risen. I want to say to the Senator
from South Carolina that when he uses the
term u quasi friends" it is difficult, after listen-
ing to the discussion this evening, to determine
to whom it applies. The supposed friends of
the Southern Pacific railroad bill have occu-
pied three quarters of the evening in discus-
sion. I came here to vote. I, for one, do not
need discussion. I do not think the Senate
generally need it. If the friends of the meas-
ure will consent to come to a vote upon it
instead of-discussing it they can have a Pacific
railroad bill passed to-night; but if they go on
in this course of proceeding, I, for one, will
be ready to vote for an adjournment whenever
that motion is made.
Mr. NYE. I hope there will be no more
names inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I cannot consent to allow
the question to be taken at this instant, because
the friends of this railroad bill have been sev-
eral times admonished that they must not talk
about it. Now I ask the friends of the North-
ern Pacific railroad and the various railroad
interests here to cast their minds back for
thirty or sixty days, and remember who talked
then. I ask Senators who represent other sec-
tions of the country than those which are to
be directly affected by the Southern Pacific
railroad to recollect who have done the talk-
ing in the Senate this winter; whether it lias
been those Senators who come from the South,
or those Senators who come from the North
and West. I think it comes with a poor grace
from some of the Senators here who allow
no question to pass without exhausting their
vocabulary, and a very extensive vocabulary,
upon it, to say anything t,o the friends of the
Southern Pacific road because, when that ques-
tion is before the Senate, its peculiar friends
choose to express their opinions upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The question being put there were, on a
division—ayes 12, noes 2G.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
["No!" "No!"] I should like to have the yeas
and nays. I should like to know some good
reason why these gentlemen's narn^s cannot
go into the bill. It is not worth speaking about,
but I should like to hear the reason for it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Alabama if the names of any
citizens of that State are among the corpora-
tors; and if so, how many?
Mr. SPENCER. I think there are, perhaps,
three already 111 the bill. '
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will slate to the Sen-
ator the reason why I voted against his prop-
osition. It is because if the names proposed
by him are put into the bill there are halt a
dozen other Senators who have a. list of names
that, they want to go into the bill, and I think
it better to keep all these names from the bill.
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator tell me
any good reason why they should not go in?
What harm will if, do to put them in?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Because many of them
are persons not known to the Senate, only
known to individual Senators ; and we do not
know for what purpose they are put in.
Mr. SPENCER. These men are known to
the Senate, to the State in which they live,
and to the country.
Mr. CAMERON. I voted against adding
any more names, because I think there ought
to be a time when this addingof names should
stop; but I do not care how many names are
put in the bill. You cannot hurt the bill, and
it will do no injury to put in additional names.
1 suggest to the gentlemen interested to get
together and agree upon a list of all the names
they desire, and let us vote them in. ["No! "
"No! "]
Mr. WILLTAMS. I do not care which
course is pursued. Let us either put them all
in or keep them all out.
Mr. FOWLER. Before I vote I want to
know what 1 am voting upon; and I should
like to have the pending amendment reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
amendment of the Senator from Alabama [Mr.
Rpexoeii] to the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. McCkeery,] adding six
names to the list of corporators.
Mr. SPENCER. Let, the names be read.
Perhaps the Senator may know some of them.
The Chief Clerk, it is proposed to add
the names of Joseph C. Bradley, P. D. Rode-
ley, George S. Henderson, John Hardy, W. B.
Figures, and William Miller.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs'. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Cam-
eron, Casscrly, Cole, Uorbott, Drake, Hamilton of
Maryland, Howe. Moiriil of Maine, Morrill ol Ver-
mont, Pool, Robertson, Sponccr, Thayer, Vickors,
and Warner—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Carpenter, Chandler,
Cragm, Davis, Kenton, Powler, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Harlan, Harris, Howaid, Johnston, McCreery, Mc-
Donald, Nyo, Pomer"y,Pratt, llamsev, Rice, Sawyer,
Solmrz, Scott, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Cattell, Uonklmg, Edmunds, Ferry, i'lanagan. Ham-
ilton of Texas, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, Morton,
Norton, Osborn. Patterson, Bevels, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Thurman, Trumbull,
and Yates—io.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. COLE. This is called a Pacific rail-
road ; and it is supposed that when it is com-
pleted it will run to the Pacific ocean, and will
terminate at the very considerable city of San
Diego. There is not, a single resident of that
cityainong the hundred or more eorporalois
iti the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I beg the Senators par-
don. There is among the list ol corporators
the name of one of the largest landholders in
San Diego or in California.
Mr. COLE. Does he reside there?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir; Vva!tor C. Gto-
boil, who owns thirty-six thousand acres of
land there.
Mr. COLE. I do not think he resides in
San Diego.
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir. lie owns all
the land south ot' San Diego.
Mr. CAS3EULY. I have heard the name
mentioned bv tiie Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. OOL13. It is possible that he may bo a
resident there.
Mr. KELLOGG. So a Califorman told me
a few moments ago.
Mr. COLE. Nevertheless I propose to add
the names of two gentlemen as incorporators,
, one from that city and one from the city of
I Los Angeles, and'l do not think anybody can
object to them. They are the names of very
prominent men, and men who are friendly to
this road.
Mr. NYE. The only objection is, that if that
is done a dozen other Senators will get up and
want other names added.
Mr. COLE. There will be no objection to
those gentlemen. They are right on the shores
of the Pacific, and there are no gentlemen from
there among the incorporators unless it be the
one mentioned by the Senator from Louisiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky. The amendment to the amend-
ment is to add the names of D. B. Hoff'uian
and Phineas Banning.
Mr. NYE. If that is done, there will be uo
end to the adding of names.
Mr. COLE. This will be the end of it.
The question being put on the amendment
to the amendment, it was declared to be
rejected—ayes twelve, noes not counted.
Mr. COLE. I think I shall have to call for
the yeas and nays upon that. It will take but
afewmomentsto call the roll. ["No!" "No!_"']
I do not like to have these very prominent citi-
zens treated in that way. I ask for the insertion
of their names in the utmost good faith.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
rose in time, if he insists on the call.
Mr. McDONALD. I hope that amendment
will not be made. I put in the bill, at the
instance of the Senator from California, two
names selected by him.
Mr. COLE. I do not suppose that these men
can come to this sido and assist in the organ-
ization of this company; but I recollect that
the names of two persons were put. in on my
suggestion, hoping that they would be here. It
really does not look very well to have tins
Pacific railroad bill go through without some
persons on the Pacific side being connected
with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Outhisques* ,.
tion the yeas and nays have been requested.
Mr. COLE. I will not ask for the yeas and
naj's now; but I may do it in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion then recurs on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Kentucky.
Air. McCREERY. As there seems to be an
indisposition on the part of the Senate to add
to the number of corporators, and as the gen-
tlemen whoso names I have proposed are friends
of the road, and do not wish to embarrass it at
all, I withdraw their names.
Mr. STEWART. 1 now offer an amendment,
to insert in lieu of the twenty-fifth section,
which has been stricken out, the following:
Andbeit further enacted, That the Southern 1'acifio
Itailioad Company of California is hereby author-
ized, and power is hereby conferred upon it, to ex-
tend, construct, and maintain a branch railroad, in
conformity with the laws of California, fioiii suen
eligible point on its presentline to such poinr on tlio
! Texas Pacific railroad west of the Colorado river as
| it shall deem most suitableto form railroad commu-
nication between said Texas X^acifie railroad and
San Francisco and to a,id in the construction ot said
branch ; the same number of sections of land lor each
mile of said branch, with tne same rights and privi-
lege?, and subject to the same limitations and con-
ditions, are hereby granted to said Southern Pacific
HaHroad Company of California, that were granted
to it. by the act of July 27, 1866: Provided, That this
section shall in no way affect or impair the rights of
the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company, or any
otherrailroad company: And provided farther, That
tho line of t-aid branch shall be located within six
months.
I will state that I have modified this propo-
sition so that it meets the approval of the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. TIariax] and other Sen-
ators. It is to give this road a branch to
connect with San Francisco, so that there may
be a through line to San Francisco, giving
them a connection. I hope this amendment
will be agreed to. As the proposition was
originally reported by the committee, it not
only gave them this branch, but another con-
nection. The Senator from Iowa thought that
was too mucb, and that section was stricken
