1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1131
and against Cuba is real, direct, and powerful
while we furnish the resources for holding the
latter in subjection.
The right of one nation to build snips ot war
in the ports of another, or to purchase from
auother military supplies, is well settled by
international law, unless forbidden by the local
statutes of the nation from whom it is sought
to obtain the supplies.
But it is perfectly competent for one nation
to regulate its commerce in its own way, with-
out being considered as infringing upon the
rights of another, and to prohibit the export-
ation or manufacture of particular articles,
whether of a military or peaceful character.
This right has been exercised from time to
time by every country in Europe, and it has
never been pretended that it is in violation of
any principle of international law. It is but
the correlative of the other right, much more
frequently exercised, of prohibiting the import-
ation of particular articles from foreign coun-
tries.
The exercise of these rights pertain legiti-
mately to the sovereignty which belongs to
every independent nation. We have a right,
therefore, to prohibit the manufacture or sale
of arms, construction or fitting out of ships of
war or armaments for foreign nations, or to
confine snch prohibitions to particular or spe-
cified cases, and such prohibition will not fur-
nish just cause of complaint under general
treaties of amity or commerce, or be regarded
as unfriendly. I do not claim that the Pres-
ident should have conceded belligerent rights
to the insurgent Cubans. While we continue
to regard an insurrection in Cuba in the same
light as an insurrection in an integral province
in Spain, a case has not been made out for the
acknowledgment of belligerent rights, and the
President could not have done otherwise than
as he has.
The government of the insurgents is not snch
as the law of nations seems to demand to justify
the concession of belligerent rights. Evidence
is wanting of a fixed, well-defined government
working under regular forms, although it has
proclaimed a constitution and the abolition of
slavery. It appears yet to be insurrectionary,
of a self-constituted military character, with
which diplomatic relations could hardly be
established. It is no doubt the best they can
organize under the circumstances, and when
they have achieved success and are relieved
from the presence of their merciless enemies
they will doubtless organize a regular govern-
ment, for their leaders are patriotic, intelligent,
and able. It is for Congress to assert the broad
principle that American colonies hold a differ-
ent relation to the United States from like
colonies in Europe or integral provinces in a
European kingdom; and that the continued
possession of them by a European Power is
regarded by us in the light of toleration or suf-
ferance rather than by valid title ; that as, by
a well-established policy, the Powers of Europe
would not permit the United States to acquire
or hold a valuable possession in Europe, so the
United States, by a policy equally defined and
independent, will not permit any European
Power to acquire new territory or colony on the
North American continent, and will not favor
or countenance the retention by military force
of an existing possession.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire the bill to be referred ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To which com-
mittee does the Senator desire it referred ?
Mr. MORTON. To the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. HOWE. I wish that the other bill laid
onJhe table by myself should also be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill in
regard to the neutrality laws ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that bill will also be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
It was so referred.
MESSAGE FBOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House insisted upon its amendments
to the bill (S. No. 435) for the temporary relief
of the poor and destitute people in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, disagreed to by the Senate,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. John' A. Lo-
gan of Illinois, Mr. Burton C. Cook of Illi-
nois, and Mr. J. Proctor Knott of Kentucky,
managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 153)
for pay of one year's salary to the executors
of General John A. Rawlins, for the benefit
of his family ; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 153) for pay
of one year'8 salary to the executors of General
John A. Rawlins, for the benefit of his family,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
NINTH CENSUS.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the !
Whole, the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
424) to provide for taking the ninth census of
the United States, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Ver-
mont, which was to add to the substitute re-
ported by the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws of the United States the following:
And also to enlarge the same, so as to include the
subjects of petroleum, sorghum, molasses, grapes,
wine, cocoon-silk, wages of labor, libraries, tele-
graphs, railroads, fisheries, and area of timber iands;
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior shall
have power to increase the compensation of assistants
of subdivisions, not exceedingthesum of twenty-five
per cent in any case where, in his judgment, it
may be proper and necessary.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, the re-
marks that I have to make on this bill are
directed to a single point, and perhaps would
more appropriately come in at a later stage of
the discussion. I intend to make some remarks
upon the public printing, which, whether con-
sidered in the preparations for the census or in
placingits results before the country, must form
a very considerable element of the expense of
the census. If the House bill shall become a
law it will be necessary to provide other means
than are at the disposal of the Government
Printing Office at present to execute the neces-
saryprinting. But previous to that I propose, in
pursuance of a notice that I gave last week, to
make some remarks upon the general subject
of the public printing. The Senator from New
York, who has charge of the bill, Has been
kind enough to consider, from the. intimate
relations of the two subjects, that this line of
discussion will not be impertinent, and I trust
I shall not draw upon myself the censure of the
Chair if in the remarks that I make I shall not
confine myself to the immediate question before
the Senate with that rigid and inexorable exact-
itude to which we are accustomed in the dis-
cussions of this Chamber.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
At a previous session I had occasion to call
the attention of the Senate to the prevalent but
mistaken opinion that the cost of the congres-
sional printing had largely increased and that
there was great extravagance in that Depart-
ment of the public service. I then endeavored,
and I believe successfully, to show that instead
of increase and extravagance there had been a
material reduction and economy in the cost of
the congressional printing proper. The high
cost of labor, paper, and of the materials lor
binding, and the necessary increase which the
internal revenue and other Departments of the
public service made in the executive printing,
have indeed made the aggregate sum in green-
backs, for the entire Government printing,
greater than was paid before the war in gold;
but the increase was not greater than the in-
crease of cost in every other branch ot' the
Government and in all mechanical business.
The Committee on Printing, both in the
Senate and in the House, interpreting the
evident will of Congress, have been cautious in
their recommendations, and have endeavored
to introduce into the expenditures for print-
ing, so far as theyare committed to their super-
vision, alt the economy consistent with the
efficiency of the service and with the proper
publicity of the operations of the Govern-
ment. In the remarks to which I refer I esti-
mated the printing ordered by Congress for the
year 1865 at $690,000. For the last year it
was $689,486. The printing ordered by the
Senate cost $119,072; that ordered by the
House cost $440,422, and the cost of printing
under acts of Congress was $129,990. This
last item is partly for the two Houses of Con-
gress and partly for the Executive Depart-
ments. It is not easy to classify the propor-
tions of this expenditure. It is to be observed
that included iu the cost of the printing of the
two Houses of Congress are several items,
some of them heavy, which sj^uld properly
be charged to the Executive Departments.
Thus a large portion of the editions of the
reports of the Treasury Department have been
printed for the use of the bureaus from which
they are issued. Two thousand copies of the
report of the General Land Office have been
printed for the use of the Commissioner, and
six thousand for foreign distribution, three
thousand of which were in French and one
thousand in German. Twenty-four thousand
copies of the report of the Commissioner of
Agriculture were printed for the use of the
Commissioner, five thousand copies of the
report of the Commissioner of Patents were
allotted to him for distribution, and the Com-
missioner of Education received fifteen hun-
dred copies of the papers accompanying his
report.
Extraordinary items have also presented
themselves, greatly increasing the cost of
printing. In 1868 the publication of the pro-
ceedings of the impeachment trial cost over
forty-five thousand dollars, which was charged
to the printing of the two Houses of Congress,
making nearly ten per cent, of the whole
amount; and $18,000 was expended in print-
ing the letters of condolence on the death of
Mr. Lincoln, which was charged to the printing
under acts of Congress. In 1859 there were
printed at considerable expense the reports of
the Special Commissioner of the Revenue, the
report on the mineral resources of the States
and Territories, the reports on the New York
election frauds, the reports on the Louisiana
contested election, the report of tho special
Committee on Ordnance, and other reports not
connected with the business of legislation, cost-
ing in the aggregate over twenty thousand dol-
lars, to which may be added the reports of the
commissioners to the Paris Exposition, which
cost nearly twenty-eight thousand dollars more.
This year we shall have the first volume of the
Medical and Surgical History of the Rebellion,
a very valuable yet necessarily costly work, and
one fairly within the province of the Govern-
ment ; the new catalogue of the Library of Con-
gress ; theindex to the reports of committees of
the House of Representatives,from the Twenty-
Sixth to the Fortieth Congress, inclusive; and
last, but not least, the documents connected
with the taking of the census. Although such
items as I have enumerated will not again
figure in the annual total of the cost of print-
ing, yet, in some form or other, extraordinary
expenses in every Department are pretty sure
to come up. No experience can enable us to
estimate with entire precision the expenses of
a coming year. Any further reduction must
come from a reduction in the amount of the
usual matter printed.
