2076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
poration of religious societies ; the third for the
incorporation of benevolent societies; the
fourth for the incorporation of societies 'br
manufacturing, insurance, and business pur-
poses ; the fifth for the incorporation of ceme-
teries ; the sixth for theincorporation of boards
of trade, and the seventh for the incorporation
of railroads. But it is provided that no rail-
road which may be incorporated shall have
power to condemn lands until the route and
termini of the road shall have been approved
by Congress. Unless some explanation of
the bill is required I will not take up time in
discussing it.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
a few questions in regard to this bill.
Mr. COOK. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. KERR. _ Am I right in the impression
that this bill is intended to give the people of
this District the general power or right to
organize railroad corporations and build roads
wherever they please?
Mr. COOK. The bill provides that railroads
may be incorporated; but it gives the com-
panies no right to build the roads until the
route and termini shall have been sanctioned
by Congress.
Mr. KERR. In other words, I understand
that under this bill companies may acquire
fully the franchises and powers necessary to
organize, construct, run, and own roads.
Mr. COOK. But with no power to condemn
private property.
Mr. KERR. They aredenied only the power
to locate the termini of the road.
Mr. COOK. Or to condemn private prop-
erty or use public properly without the further
action of Congress.
Mr. KERR. Then, Mr. Speaker, I would
like lo know why the power to organize such
associations is to be given at all ?
Mr. COOK. Simply because it is important
that all these acts of incorporation should be
uniform. It has been thought by the commit-
tee that a well-considered uniform act of incor-
poration, the power of which cannot be exer-
cised until Congress approves the particular
road to bo built, will be an easier and cheaper
mode of incorporation than to have an endless
variety of railroad charters. It applies to
street railroads as well as any others.
Mr. KERR. It may apply to street rail-
roads within the District. Now, to the general
provisions of the bill I make 110 objections. I
1 hink they are salutary and ought to be enacted
into law ; but, with thcgontlcman'spermission,
on ihis general subject I desire to say it is, in
my judgment, most dangerous to confer this
general power in regard to the organization of
railroad corporations in this way upon the peo-
ple of this District. I may state, what the gen-
tleman well knows, that my first atld supreme
objection rests upon the fact that I hold Con-
gress possesses no power to create any such
coiporations—'railroad corporations—here or
anywhere else. Congress may create corpor-
ations with powers confined to the District of
Columbia.
Mr. COOK. That is all this bill proposes
to do.
Mr. KERR. This proposes to go further
and confer upon these voluntary organizations
the full possession of the franchises they may
desire at-any time to exercise, and only leaves
the particular mode in which they shall be
exercised in the future to be determined by
Congress. Now, 1 believe that it is conceded
that nearly all the power of Congress over this
kind of question should be at least deferred—
t mean up enactment of this kind into the
law until the qucstionisonee finally determined
whether this Government has the power to
eieate a general corporation of this kind at all.
Mr. COOK. Icm afraid thegentleman from
Indiana has not read this bill, for it does not
propose what he seems to think it does.
Mr. KEIHL I have read all of the bill ex-
cept that part which re'etes to Ih^se railroad"*.
That is new and was not in the bill before. It
was inserted this morning, and of course all
the information I have of it is from the reading
at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. COOK. The gentleman might have been
familiar with that, because it is copied from the
general railroad bill of the State of Indiana.
Mr. KERR. Then I am familiar with it.
Mr. COOK. That is all there is of it.
Mr. KERR. Then my objection is intensified
by that fact.
Mr. COOK. The bill is limited exclusively
to the District of Columbia. It gives no power
to any railroad company to build one inch of
railroad, organized for any purpose, outside
of the District of Columbia. It is limited to
this District; and it gives no power to any
railroad company in the District of Columbia
to do anything more than to organize. It does
not give the right to holdproperty, to condemn
public or private property, or to locate the line
of the road until Congress has passed an act
approving and sanctioning that particular road.
Mr. KERR. This bill, then, ia only for the
purpose of organizing shadows, and to create
local entities which have no existence save in
theimagination. I object to it. But this is
designed to go beyond that, and I think it is to
create a corporation here with full possession
of the franchises which the law can under any
circumstances confer upon them. I say it is
most unjust. I ask that that part of the bill be
Mr. COOK. Let the bill be read aad the
gentleman will see he is mistaken.
Mr. KERR. If it is a copy of the law of
Indiana I know that it goes out of the District.
Mr. COOK. But this bill is limited to the
District of Columbia. If the gentleman will
read the last section he will see it is so limited.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Before that is read I
desire to ask the gentleman a question. I
understood the gentleman to say that he denies
the power in Congress to create corporations
for any purposes.
Mr. KERR. Not at all, sir.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I understood you to
say so.
Mr. KERR. I certainly have always held
that Congress has power lo create corporations
within this District whose operations are to be
confincd within this District, and, to use tho
language of Chief Justice Marshall in a lead-
ing decision of tho Supreme Court, Congress
has tho right to create any corporation so far
as it becomes necessary and proper to provide
such an instrumentality in the hands of Con-
gress to aid in tho execution of some constitu-
tionally granted power. That is the limit of
the power of Congress, and that is the ground
on which I stand.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman does
not insist that his doctrine applies to this bill,
limited as it is to the District of Columbia.
Mr. KERR. I do; I think this goes beyond
tho District of Columbia.
Mr.-INGERSOLL. That is a question of
fact and not a question of power.
Mr. COOK. The committee are willing to
accept any amendments limiting the opera-
tion of the hill to the District of Columbia.
Mr. JOHNSON. I favor this bill. But I
desire to ask the chairman of the Committee
for the District of Columbia a question. I
would inquire whether there is a law, a gen-
eral law now applying to the District of Colum-
bia, which allows parties to form themselves
into corporations, and if there is such a law,
whether this bill proposes to go further than
that: in other words, does not this bill simply
authorize parties to form corporations to build
railroads, &c., and then to come to Congress
and ask for a franchise ?
Mi-. COOK. That is all it does so far as
railroads are concerned.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 have been in favor of
this bill, and after this statement by the chair-
man of the committee I still favor it.
Mr. COOK. The gentle man's idea of the
bill is quite correct so far as railroad corpora-
tions are concerned. I yield to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. KERR. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] I move an
amendment, to add to the last section of the
bill a proviso which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, however, That nothing contained ia this
act shall bo construed to confer upon any corporation
organized under the samo any power whatever to
construct or own any railroad outside of tho District
of Columbia.
Mr. COOK. I am willing that that amend-
ment should be put on. I believe that that
would be the construction of the bill as it now
stands. I call the previous question 011 the bill
and amendment.
The previous question was Seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
USURY LAWS Off THE DISTRICT.
Mr. COOK also, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back with an
amendment, in the nature of a substitute, the
bill (S. No. 215) to amend the usury laws of
the District of Columbia.
The bill and substitute were read.
The hill provides, in the first section, that
the legal rate of interest in the District of
Columbia shall be six per cent, per annum, and
that if any person or corporation shall exact,
directly or indirectly, for loan of any money,
goods, or chattels to be paid in money, above the
value of six dollars forthe forbearance of $100
one year, and bo after that rate for a greater for
or lesser sum, or for a longer or shorter time,
he shall be deemed guilty of usury.
The second section provides that any per-
son or corporation guilty of usury shall forfeit
all interest on such sum or value, which forfeit-
ure shall inure to the benefit of any defendant
who shall plead usury and prove the same.
The third section provides that every plea
of usury shall state the sum of money or the
value of the goods and chattels lent or advanced,
with the time at which the same was lent or ad-
vanced ; and the plaintiff shall be entitled to
recover the sum of money or the value of the
goods and chattels actually lent or advanced,
with legal interest from the time the samo was
so lent or advanced.
The fourth _seetion provides that all laws or
parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions
of- this act be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
The fifth section provides that in all con-
tracts hereafter to be made in the District of
Columbia, where stipulated in writing, it shall
be lawful for the parties to agree that eight
per cent, per annum, or any loss rate of inter-
est, shall be taken and paid upon every $100
of money lent, or duo and owing, from any
person or corporation to any other person or
corporation.
The sixth section^ provides that if any per-
son or corporation in the District of Columbia
shall contract to receive a greater rate of inter-
est than eight per cent, per annum upon any
contract made as aforesaid such person or cor-
poration shall forfeit the whole of said interest
so contracted to be paid and received, but shall
only be entitled to receive the principal sum
due to such person or corporation.
The substitute was read, as follows:
_ Be it enacted■ by the Senate and House of Jtepresenta-
tive 5 of the Chiiled States of America in Coi\'jrni3
Mcrf, That the rate of interest within the District of
Columbia upon all express contracts or agreements
lor payment of money shall be at tho rate oi six per
cent, pfi milium upon e\ uiy £100, unless otherwise
eypressly stipulated by tho parties.
