3964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
from Maine. Tho pending question is one
which relates to the reduction of the revenue.
Tho question is how much the revenue can be
reduced. It has been introduced by the chair-
man of tho Committee of Ways and Means.
The Chair rules that the discussion is entirely
pertinent aaintroduced by the gentleman from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and in the reply now being made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say further that I also hoped the gentleman
from Ohio would bring in a small bill for the
reduction of internal revenue. I do not im-
pugn his motives or his acts, except as to their
effect; but he thought best to bring in a bill
which was so long that it could not get in the
House Save by installments. He has brought
in a bill of eighty-six pages now pending be-
fore the House, which is the first installment.
I wish to tell him that he cannot get through
this long bill in reference to the internal rev-
enue any more than his long bill in reference
to the tariff. And in my judgment the whole
time devoted to it is thrown away. I say with
great deference I have taken no part in this dis-
cussion and only seek in time to get away from
it. I have always voted with the gentleman
from Ohio ; but I think time spent on this bill
is thrown away. The Senate has gone over
the question and;sent us their judgment on it.
Their bill is a short bill of three or four pages,
and if he cannot get that he cannot carry any-
thing. There is no necessity for revising the
whole internal revenue system. For one 1 wish
the internal revenue tax abolished, and I hope
to see the assessors go with it. 1 wish to see its
machinery simplified. If you reduce the inter-
nal revenue thirty-three or thirty-four million
dollars you will leave all the expenses where they
are to run up to ten or twelve per cent, of the
tax collected. What I hope the House will do,
and what 1 will ask it to do when I get an op-
portunity, is to instruct the Committee of Ways
and Means to give us a short bill for. the reduc-
tion of taxes, reducing the taxes and reducing
the officials, reducing the taxes and reducing
the tax-gatherers, reducing especially inquisi-
tion into men's business. For let me say to
you, Mr. Speaker, that the men of the coun-
try do not care so much what they pay as they
do for the manner in which they are compelled
to pay. They are almost willing to pay any-
thing if you will not inquire into what they
had for breakfast, what for supper, and what
they are going to have for dinner. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask to withdraw the
amendment for the purpose of making a reply
to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. FEKRISS. I object to the withdrawal
of any more amendments. I insist they shall
all be voted on.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then it will not be in
order for me to say that the Senate cannot act
on their bill till they get this one.
The question was taken on Mr. Bennett's
amendment; and it was rejected.
.Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to amend the
section by striking out the last line of it, and
I shall take occasion in doing so to say, while
I wish this and other sections of the bill per-
fected, this talk about some little short bill, so
tavored by gentlemen, we have seen from the
attempts made is perfectly vain. I undertake
to say that no man can spend any considerable
portion of time in studying this revenue system
without finding out that it is contradictory and
incongruous in its parts, and that if you alter
any considerable portion of it, if you make
your work at all thorough, when you take away
certaiu taxes you have to provide what shall
be left of the arrangements for the administra-
tion of the remaining taxes, and what other
provisions have to be made in consequence of
these changes.
Now, the committee have prepared a bill here
covering all the taxes with the exception of
the three I have indicated—those on distilled
spirits, tobacco, and fermented liquors. In
preparing it they have dropped taxes to the
amount of thirty-three or thirty-four million
dollars, and then they have provided for mak-
ing the system thorough with regard to the
taxes remaining. It is a bill which is desired
at the Department, a3 regards all its import-
ant particulars and its form and provisions for
the administration of the law in relation to
these taxes. It is true there are some eighty-
six pages of it. But the delay has notbeen oc-
casioned by the length of the bill, it seems to
me, half as much as it has been by the inter-
ruptions and the speeches with regard to it.
Mr. BU 1'LER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to make a remark just
there?
Mr. SCHENCK. Not now. I want to cor-
rect the gentleman from Massachusetts. He
has spoken unadvisedly about the prospect of
getting this bill through. The chairman of the
Committee on Finance of the Senate has intro-
duced a bill indicating what taxes he wants
dropped out, including very much the same
taxes as are proposed to be dropped by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of this House. He
has had it printed and made a speech on it, and
wound up by saying that he does not desire any
action on it until the bill pending in the House
shall go up, so that, so far from that bill antago-
nizing with the House bill, they are waiting for
this bill in the Senate,
Mr. CULLOM. The gentleman from Ohio
says that the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee of the Senate has laid aside their bill
until this bill shall go up. I ask the gentleman
if he does not know that the chairman of that
committee, when this bill goes to the Senate,
proposes to substitute for it his own bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know that. Does
the gentleman from Illinois know it?
Mr. CULLOM. So I have good reason to
believe,
Mr. SCHENC.K. I think the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Culi.om] is mistaken. But
no matter what they may propose to do in the
Senate we have our work before us here and we
should do it. But I do not desire to spend any
more time in discussing matters which we have
gone over again and again; and I shall test the
sincerity of the gentleman by moving the pre-
vious question on this first section of the bill.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment before the gentleman moves the previous
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. 1 wish to know how the previous
question can be called on the first section of
the bill ?
The SPEAKER. That is the way in which,
when bills are considered in the House under
the five-minutes rule, the House closes all de-
bate on any section. It is a mode of enabling
the House to exercise the same right as under
certain circumstances may be exercised by the
Committee of the Whole through a majority.
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Jodd] as entitled to a five-minutes
reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schestck.]
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, I had supposed
that each member of the House of Represent-
atives was responsible in a degree for the legis-
lation of the House—that he was responsible,
at all events, to his immediate constituency.
And I do not understand or know of any prin-
ciple that will discharge a member from that
responsibility, or which would compel a mem-
ber when very long bills, vitally involving the
interests of his constituents, are introduced, to
take the word of the chairman of the commit-
tee as to the character, force, and effect of a
measure without examining it for himself, and
if need be fully debating it, to the end that he
may understanding^ discharge his duty.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Schbnck] charges the delay which
has occurred in relation to the tariff bill to
those who were not members of his committee
and who have sought by discussion and amend-
ment to discharge their duty to their constit-
uents. I ask him where the first delay occurred
in the conduct of the business of the House in
relation to the tariff and the other revenue bills?
Congress assembled in the beginning of De-
cember, and the first bill from the committee,
who had been examining into the resources
of the country by traveling all over the United
States at the expense of the Government dur-
ing all of last summer to collect the materials
for legislation, that relating to taxes and taxa-
tion, was reported in February ; and because
members dare not choose to follow blindfolded
the lead of that committee, but choose to see
and examine for themselves the effect of pro-
posed measures, the chairman meets these ex-
aminations with bad temper, and charges the
delay in the passage of the bill on members
who chose to exercise their undoubted rights in
dealing with the subject. Eight or ten long
months have been exhausted by this commit-
tee in preparing this class of legislation, and a
few weeks' examination is considered by the
chairman as causing delay. No, Mr. Speaker;
the delay in this matter is occasioned by the
action of the committee itself. Instead of
adopting the old and well-established mode of
classification of the various articles included
in their tariff bill, they presented an entirely
new classification, so carefully and ingeniously
arranged that it was almost impossible to make
an accurate comparison with preceding laws
so as to determine whether this action of the
committee was in the interest of revenue or in
the interest of protection alone. Shall these
ingenious gentlemen ask the members of this
House to take their work on trust? I think,
Mr. Speaker, there is too much method to
allow of a generous confidence. When the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means says to me, the Representative of a
constituency larger than his own, that I am
t.o receive without question, examination, or
investigation an entirely new project of classi-
fication, and that I must adopt his views or be
charged with delaying public business, I say
to him that he forgets our relative position in
this House; that the laws and duty makes me
his peer on this floor; that he is not master or
dictator; that I am responsible to.my constit-
uents equally with him to his, and if I allow
him to control the legislation without an exam-
ination I certainly shall be subjected to the
charge of not having attended to my duties.
The gentleman [Mr. Schexck] has- a habit,
when lie desires to scare the House from its
propriety, to appeal to it to know if it desires
to pass a vote of,censure upon the Committee
of Ways and Means, and under that present-
ation of the matter he was enabled to consume
weeks of tho time of this House against the
judgment of the House, upon a bill that he
knew would not become a law.
The question of the reduction o{ taxation
can be as well reached by a short bill as a long
bill. The re-revision of the laws involves a
long bill. As I have said before, taxation can
be reduced without an entire revision either
of the tariff laws or of the internal revenue
laws. ^ It may be convenient for the officers
administering the laws to have a revision, and
it is right that we should give the laws that
revision if there is time for us to do it; but. if
it becomes evident that that thing cannot be
accomplished a wise statesmanship demands
that we proceed with something that can pro-
duce some result. The country demands that
the taxes shall be reduced by a short bill if
thatshall be more expeditious than a long bill,
and obstinacy should not be allowed to affect
the public interest. I say, then, to the chair-
man^ of the Committee of Ways and Means
that if he will concede to the members on this
floor the same right to judge and the independ-
ent position that he claims for himself, and
will cease to find fault with their examination
of public measures which he reports to the
House, his time will be more agreeably p.^sstjd
