118
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
Senate.
Admission of Mississippi—Mr. Fowler.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
mentous that have ever come before the Ameri-
can Senate. That we are the guardians of
the highest expression that humanity has ever
given to its institutions has inspired me with a
solemn dread of the fearful responsibility of
the duty resting upon me. That we began our
labors under inauspicious and alarming cir-
cumstances, when one third of the nation was
excludedfrom its place in this Chamber; when
angry sectional and revolutionary feelings per-
vaded all ranks; when it was difficult to rise
above the storm that lashed the sea into fury.
Our divinities had passed from earth to their
eternal abodes, and no power remained to take
supreme control.
It cannot but be regarded as fortunate to the
cause of human freedom that the success of
the Government in the war came from the in-
telligence and virtue of the people. No great
soldier was developed ; no overshadowing in-
tellect led the nation's councils; no one felt
bound to surrender his own judgment to follow
the lead of an ambitious statesman or arbitrary
military leader. The conscious power and
virtue of the people have thus far bridled the
vanity, aspiration, and the love of domination
of all that stood upon the plane of mediocrity.
The unhallowed ambition of even a vulgar mind
may take advantage of the circumstances to
seize the liberties of the country, and the power
of a truly great man directed by the love of
dominion in troubled times is always to be
dreaded. _ Having passed these dangers in
comparative safety, it becomes us to double
our diligence to reach "the shores of a tranquil
peace."
it is often difficult to estimate the effect of
an apparently Small cause upon distant events.
A pebble may change the current of the Mis-
sissippi. The labors of an insignificant and
almost lifeless animal build up islands and
continents in the ocean. The invisible and
subtle agency of heat produces all the phe-
nomena of rain, running springs, rivers, and
vegetable lifo ; by its mysterious influence the
most effective agents in society are moved;
the majestic steamship holds dominion of the
seas, and the locomotive crosses the continent
with the speed of the storm.
The influence of moral causes, almost imper-
ceptable.changesgraduallythemindsofnations,
and works revolutions in Stales. The labors
ot a single earnest., common man changed the
map of Asia, Africa, and lSuropo, and estab-
lished one of the most renowned empires the
world has ever had. Unlearned himself, he
gave to his people the text of their faith, and
set on foot a civilization more fertile 111 its dis-
coveries in arts, science, and literature than
any that had preceded it. The Mohammedan
power has proved the greatest contributor to
intelligence and progress of all the moral forces
the western world lias known, save only its
higher and purer antagonistic power, the Chris-
tian civilization.
The influence of war upon the institutions
of a country are entitled to the gravest consid-
erations, and cannot be too strongly impressed
upon the attention of the country. A countrv
devoted to martial pursuits will never respcct
'''' ^ ^citizen or the peaceful pursuits
of 11 fe. Our fathers dreaded the influence of
a standing army, knowing the power of com-
mand over the considerations of duty. Men
ad ore power and fear it. Thoy soon gi ve prefer-
ence to those who bear its insignia. The army
becomes a caste of the highest order in any
country where it is maintained or used. The
most arbitrary rule will soon extirpate the
gentler, if not guarded with ever-watchful pre-
judice. Iho spirit of progress so essential to
fieedom and activity, the antagonistic force
that has prevented the reign of an imperious
monotony in all enlightened peoples, becomes
licentiousness if uot checked by the restraints
of ahcalthful and salutary conservatism. The
one seeks change from a discontent with the
present without demanding a valid argument
for action. The other, timid of all that has not
been tested by experience, loves and reverences
the old and demands cause for its invasion.
The happiest States and those most prosperous
have been careful to preserve a proper medium
between these, lopping off that portion of their
institutions useless by reason of age and decay,
and preserving the valuable of the past, thus
keeping up perpetual change and constant con-
tinuity. While progress is a great virtue, it is
a blind divinity which tears in pieces without
reference to the end. On the other hand, the
conservative element alone results in stagna-
tion and decay of power. In the reorganization
of this Republic both elements should enter
into the work. The task has been of great
moment, not only to the present but to the
future.
The bill before the Senate is one for the re-
admission of the State of Mississippi into the
Union. After four years of sanguinary war,
and after five more years of legislation and
reconstruction, the State has arrived at such a
condition that all admit her to be a State in
the Union, and only now needs representation
to take her old place in the family of States.
She has now complied with all the conditions
imposed upon her by Congress preparatory to
her admission into the Union. That she has
done so I shall proceed to prove from the
various acts made for her. On the 2d of March,
1867, an act entitled "An act for the more
efficient government of the rebel States " be-
came a law. I will not detain the Senate by
reading any more of the act than that which is
applicable to the case. After providing for the
formation of a constitution " by a convention
of delegates elected by the male citizens of the
State," said constitution to provide that the
elective franchise shall be enjoyed by all male
citizens of the State twenty-one years old and
upward, and when said constitution shall be
ratified by a majority of the qualified electors
voting on the same, and when said constitution
shall have been submitted to Congress for its
examination andapproval, "and Congressshall
have approved the same, and when said State
by a vote df its Legislature, elected under said
constitution, shall have adopted the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, known
as article fourteen, and when said article shall
have become a part of the Constitution of the
United States, said States shall be declared
entitled to representation in Congress, and
Senators and Representatives shall be admitted
therefrom on their taking the oaths prescribed
by law."
Now, if I understand the action of the Com-
mittee on the J udiciary, they come to us with
this statement after having carefully examined
what has been done by the State of Mississippi:
that she has complied with the provisions speci-
fied, and has submitted her acts to the approval
of Congress; that she has done and performed
everything that was required by this act, and
it remains now simply for the Congress of the
United States to fulfill their plighted faith. It
is conceded by all that Mississippi has, first,
formed her constitution as provided by law ;
she has submitted it to Congress, and it hasbeen
examined and approved ; she has ratified the
fourteenth articlc of amendments t-o the Con-
stitution of the United States. Her full meas-
ure of duty has been performed. No man
doubts that she has executed this law to the
letter ; no man supposes she could have done
more.
Now, sir, I do not think anything could have
been done by Congress after making these con-
ditions, and after having made this pledge to
the people of that State and the other States
to which it applied, that could change the rcla
tions which existed between them, or that could
release us from the performance of the duty
enjoined by that promise.
It has been asserted that at a subsequent time
after having made this pledge, we did withdraw
our promise to the people of that State; and,
if I understand it, it is claimed to have been
done in the act approved on the 10th of April,
1869. Section six provides that she shall
ratify the fifteenth article of amendments to
the Constitution of the United States, and sec-
tion seven roads:
" And be it further enacted. That the proceedings
in any of said States shall not be deemed final, or
operate as aeompfete restoration thereof, until their
action respectively shall be approved by Congress."
Congress, it is true, imposes a new condi-
tion, but repeats the promise. She has again
complied with the said sixth section by the
ratification of the fifteenth article of amend-
ments. The action of the State in all these
requirements has been approved by Congress.
The most exacting does not demand any fur-
ther action, so far as the laws in existence are
concerned. She has left nothing undone that
was demanded of her. Her military com-
mander has executed his mission to its fullest
extent. He has done all that was required,
even to returning himself to the Senate. The
delegation he has returned must be acceptable,
if any could be. Why, then, delay the execu-
tion of the pledge made to these people by the
nation ? But enough has not been done. Kither
distrusting the good faith of the State, or to
humiliate them or delay their restoration to
their former relations, new conditions are
sought to be imposed upon them. Waiving
the terrible oaths to be imposed upon the mem-
bers of the Legislature, unnecessary and per-
nicious, I come to the consideration of the con-
ditions denominated fundamental.
The first is in the following words:
That the constitution of Mississippi shall never
be so amended or chanced as to deprive any citizen
or class of citizens of the United States of the right
to vote who are entitled to vote by the constitution
herein reoognized, except as a punishment for such
crimes as are now felonies at common law, whereof
they shall have been duly convicted under Jaws
equally applicable to all the inhabitants of said
State.
Here is one of those inflexible statutes that
does not admit of change. No matter what
may be the character of the morality or the
alterations in the criminal jurisprudence of the
State, crimes that are not now felonies at com-
mon law cannot be made to operate as a pri-
vation of the right to vote. Another genera-
tion may not exercise their judgment and con-
sult their safety by applying such sanctions to
the violation of the peace, safety, and dignity
of the State as to them may seem right and
just; Mississippi cannot under this condition.
I presume, however, that the object of this
condition is simply to insure to all citizens of
Mississippi at the present time the right of
franchise, so that the State shall not be able
hereafter t<3 deprive any race or any large por-
tion of the people of the right to vote. I affirm
that the rights of citizens of the State are suffi-
ciently guarantied to them by two articles of
the Constitution, and therefore that this con-
dition of the bill is unnecessary and cannot
be enforced, even if it were annexed as a new
condition to the admission of the Senators and
Representatives of Mississippi.
We have two amendments to the Constitu-
tion : one that provides that no citizen of the
United States shall be deprived by any State
or by the United States of the right to vote
on account of race, color, 01* previous condi-
tion of servitude. That is the fifteenth amend-
ment, which was made to secure the rights of
the colored man to the franchise. Then, the
first section of the fourteenth ameudmentis iu
this language :
"All persons born or naturalized in tho United
States, aim subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of tho United States and ofthe State wherein
