1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2077
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted. That in all contracts
hereafter to he madcit shall be lawful for the parties
to stipulate or agree in writing that the rate of ten
per cent, per annum, or any less sum of interest, shall
be taken and paid upon every §100 of money loaned
or m any manner due and owing from any person or
corporation in this District.
Skc. 3. Me it further enaeted, That if any person or
corporation m this District shall contract to receivo
a greater rateot interest than ten per cent, upen any
contract in writing, or six per cent, upon any verbal
contract, sueh person or corporation shall forfeit the
whole of said interest so contracted to be received,
and shall bo entitled only to recover the principal
sum due to .sueh person or corporation._
fcSKC.-l. And be zt further enacted. That if any person
or corporation within the District of Columbia shall
directly or indirectly take or receive any greater
amount of interest than is provided for in this act,
upon any contract or agreement whatever, it shall
be lawful for the person, or his personal represent-
ative, or the corporation paying the same, to sue for
and recover all the interest paid upon any sueh con-
tract or agreement from the person, or his personal
representatives, or from the corporation receiving
such unlawful interest: 1'rovided, That the suit to
recover back such interest shall be brought within
two yeais after such unlawful interest shall have
beon paid or taken.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That nothing m
this act contained shall be construed to change the
general laws in foroe in relation to banking associa-
tions organized under the act to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of United States stocks,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, approved Bobruary 25,1863.
Mr. COOK. I yield to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Kelsey.]
Mr. KELSEY. X hope llie substitute will
not be adopted. I think this policy of increas-
ing the rate of interest to ten per cent, is a very
grave error; and for the purpose of testing the
sense of the House on that question 1 move to
lay the bill on the table.
Mr. COOK. I do not yield for that purpose.
I should like to make a single explanation.
There are two sections in the Senate bill, aside
from fixing the rate of interest. The second
section of the Senate bill provides that where
the defendant pleads usury the plaintiff-
Shall forfeit all interest on such sum or value,
which forfeiture shall inure to the benefit ot any de-
fendant who shall plead usury and prove the same.
The third section provides—
That overy plea of usury shall slate the sum of
money or tho value of the goods and chattels lent or
advanced, with the time at which the same was so
lent or advanced; and 1 ho plaintiff shall be entitled
to recover the sum of money or the value ol thegoods
and chattels actually lent or advanced, with legal
interest from the time the same was so lent or
advanced.
The two sections are inconsistent the one
with the other. The second section provides
that the whole interest shalL be forfeited. The
third section provides that only tho excess of
interest shall be forfeited. Now, it isprovided
in the national banking law that where inter-
est is reserved iu excess of that allowed by the
laws of the State or district in which the bank
is located the bank shall forfeit the entire
debt, and this bill of the Senate, without the
ameudment3j would place the national banks
in the District of Columbia upon a different
footing in that regard from the other national
banks in the United States. That is the sec-
ond difficulty with the Senate bill.
The substitute reported by the Committee
for the District of Columbia changes the Sen-
ate bill in increasing the rate of interest that
may be taken by contract from eight to ten
per cent. This is done in view of the fact
which was made apparent to the committee,
that in Virginia, across the river, the legal
rate of interest is twelve per cent., and that
the Legislature of Maryland has now before
it a law, which will probably pass, making it
competent for parties to contract for ten per
cent, interest in that State, and we thought
that, surrounded as it is by Stales which allow
a higher rate of interest, capital could not be
used in this District at a lower rate than ten
per cent. It was made to appear, also, to the
committee, or to some members of the commi t-
tee, that capital in the District oj Columbia
is seeking investment outsiae of the Distant,
to the manifest detriment and damage of the
people of the District, on account of the very
low rate of interest allowed by the laws of the
District; and the committee, therefore, con-
cluded that the rate of ten per cent., where the
parties contract for it, ought to be allowed.
Mr. WELKER. I want to suggest to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey] who
proposes to make a motion to lay this bill upon
the table, that there is very much need of some
legislation on the subject of interest in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. As the law now is, if any
person takes more than six per cent, interest,
lie forfeits the whole debt. Of course, every-
body understands that such a law as that in the
District of Columbia has a tendency to keep
capital from being invested by way of loans
in the District. Now, if the gentleman thinks
ten per cent, is too high, and that the rate ought
to be seven or eight per cent., or any other rate
per cent., i would be glad, if in place of mak-
ing a motion to lay the bill on tho table, he
would propose that amendment iu order that
Congress may fix the rate at which money may
be loaned. That there must be something done
in relation to the usury question in tho District
of Columbia is evident to every person who has
made himself familiar with the business of this
Distiiet. The reason why the committee saw
proper to fix the rate of interest at ten per cent,
was that tho States alongside of the District are
fixing the same rate. Virginia, I believe, has
fixed twelve percent., and Maryland no doubt
will fix ten per cent. Jnmyown State the
legal rate of interest is only eight per cent. It
is only eight percent, in Pennsylvania. I would
have preferred, perhaps, as a permanent policy
that it should bo only eight per cent. But I
regard the people of the District of Columbia
as being in a little different situation from the
people of those States, for the States immedi-
ately around this District are charging a higher
rate of interest, and we thought that it would
be right and proper that wc should present this
measure in this shape, so that Congress might
decide whether eight per cent, or ten per cent,
shall bo the legal rate of interest.
Mr. MAYNARD. I came into the Hall
recently, and possibly it has already been slated
in the course of the discussion whether there
are any usury laws in tho District.
Mr. WELKER. There is sueh a law, and
it forfeits the whole debt.
"Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would ask what is the
origin of the usury laws now in force ?
Mr. WELKER. Well, they are old laws
that were y,i force when the District of Colum-
bia was organized, I believe.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has there been any legis-
lation by Congress ou this subject of interest
on money, usury, and so forth1.''
Mr. WELKER. There has been no legis-
lation by Congress upon tiie subject. It is the
old law of Maryland, which was in force when
this District was organized, and it is^ the old
English law on the subject of usury, forfeiting
the whole amount of the debt in case it is made
apparent on the trial of the cause that the
party has exceeded the legal rate of interest
under the law, and I think it ought to bo wiped
out from the District of Columbia, as it has
been everywhere else.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me 1 will move to amend the substitute
so as to provide for eight per cent, instead of
ten percent, and thus make it conform in that
respect to the Senate bill.
Mr. COOK. I will in a few minutes. There
is one thing which was brought to the atten-
tion of the committee which the House ought
to consider ; that is, that the rate of interest,
while fixed by law at six per cent, in this Dis-
trict, is really and practically almost anything
that men who have money to loan may choose
to exact.
Mr. COBURN, Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a Question?
Mr. COOIv. Yes, sir.
Mr. COBURN. Do you allow by this bill
I ten per cent, interest by contract, the legal rate
1 without contract being six per cent.'?
Mr. COOK. Y'es, sir.
Mr. COBURN. A very good rule.
Mr. COOK. And the only way I can see to
prevent this exaction of usurious interest of
one and a half and two per cent, a month in
this District is to fix the rate of interest here
to correspond with the rates allowed in the
States immediately surrounding this District.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will my colleague [Mr.
Cook] yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. OOOK. Very well.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to say that the
idea of fixing by law the rate of interest is
rather an old-fogy idea any way, and far be-
hind the present age. The only basis upon
which any usury law ever rested is upon the
scarcity of money and the consequent demand
for it greatly exceeding tho supply. The law
comes in so as to prevent the money-sharks
from absolutely taking a man's heart when
they take his blood.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has not that always been
the ease ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir; it has not.
If you will make money plenty you will want
no usury laws. Give us plenty of greenbacks.
[Laughter.] Make greenbacks so plenty that
the rate of interest shall go down to six per
cent, all over the country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Nobody will
want any money then, and no interest will be
paid.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well; you will
want no usury law when everybody has plenty
of greenbacks. I want to remind the House
that we have gone onward step by step, first
by making blackbacks free and we are going
ou now to make greybacks free, and I propose
that we shall go on and make greenbacks free.
And when we have done that usury and usuri-
ous laws will have departed.
Mr. COOK. How about redbaeks?
Mr. INGERSOLL. They are going to be
exterminated I am afraid. Now, I think if
any amendment is to be made to this bill we
should try the experiment of free money in
the District of Columbia. Why should you not
as well say that a barrel of flour in this Dis-
trict shall be but S3 75, or that a farmer shall
not get more than §2 50 for his load of hay of
ten hundred pounds? Or you may as well say
that a farmer in Indiana shall not raise more
than twenty-five bushels of corn to the acre, or
some other equally foolish enactment. It would
be just as wise to regulate the price of wheat
by special legislation as to regulate the rate of
interest to be paid for money. These are my
sentiments in regard to this matter. Now,
when you make business in money free m the
same way that all other business in the country
is free you will have taken one grand ste^> to-
ward the advancement of this country. This
is a period of liberty, and we should make all
things free that we can make so legitimately.
Mr. COOK. I nov/ yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Kelsey] for a few min-
utcs. „ , .
Mr. KELSEY: I have an old-fashioned
prejudice against allowing the capitalists of
the country themselves to put the value upon
their money. Year after year we have baa
this cry for the abolition of all usury laws, and
it always comes from men who have money to
lend. Now I do not believe the business of
any community, except perhaps in the new
States of this country, will bear a higher rate
of interest than seven per cent. But I think
myself the usury laws here are too severe.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let me inquire of the
gentleman, if be has no objection: suppose
you cannot get any money at seven per cent.,
what then?
Mr. MUNGEN. Then go without.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then beg, and let your
industries go to waste.
Mr. KELSEY. If a iias ™oney t0
lend he must lend it at a legal rate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. In Illinois it i  legal
for a man to pay ten per cent.
Mr. KELSEY. A njan who has money
n|a
