1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3021
might arise which has not been foreseen. A
retr recent convert to Radicalism, with the
lines of penitential grief deeply marked upon
his countenance, might present his claim with
an assurance that, like Saul of Tarsus, the
scales had fallen from his eyes. He demands
pardon for his crime, fellowship in your ranks,
and compensation for his corn. Under the
rule in the Longstreet case I ask yon if you
would not he bound to pay this man the mar-
ket value of his provender T
The adoption of my amendment will remove
all inducement to imposition and fraud, and
will extend an act of impartial justice to all the
citizens of the country. In the progress of
civilization the cruelties of wars have been
greatly ameliorated. In the beginning they
were waged to extermination; but each suc-
cessive age has rendered them less sanguinary.
In civilized warfare a hostile commander will
settle with a citiien for any necessary inva-
sion of his rights. General Scott, in his march
upon the Mexican capital, was scrupulous upon
that point; and can we not mete out the same
measure of justice to our own fellow-citizens
that we accorded to the alien enemies of the
liepublic? Hostilities, as the gentleman has
remarked, have ceased; five years of peace
have intervened; and it is time that some
attention was paid to the rights of a common
citizenship. If the Array were reduced to ten
thousand men, which is amply sufficient for a
peace establishment, enough could be saved in
a single year to pay for all the dwelling-houses
the destruction of which we have had such an
eloquent description of. If such a course as
this could be adopted it would do more to
restore sentiments of fraternity among the
people than all the reconstruction acts and
fundamental conditions which ever can be
enacted. We would move on in harmony, if not
in prosperity, nnder the operation of equal
laws and bound together in the destinies of a
common Union.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the regular
order.
SAMUEL miller.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calen-
dar is now in order. The first bill to be con-
sidered to-day is one which was placed at the
head of the Calendar yesterday, being the bill
(S. No. 673) for the relief of Nicholas M. Page,
executor of Samuel Miller, of Campbell county,
Virginia.
The bill was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the report be
read.
The Secretary read the following report,
made by Mr. Scott on the ICth of March:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the claim of Samuel Miller, of Campbell county, Vir-
ginia, asking reimbursement of certain moneys in
the Treasury, proceeds of certain bonds of the State
of Indiana, make the following report:
In the examination of this claim the committee
hare been aided by a certified copy of the legal
proceedings referred to, from which they hare de-
rived all the material facta of the case.
The confiscation act of June 17, 1862, provided
that—
" To insure the speedy termination of the present
rebellion it shall be the duty of the President of the
United States to cause the seizure of all the estate
and property, money, stocks, credits, and effects of
the persons hereinafter named in this section, [ .
section five of the act,] and to apply and use the same,
and the proceeds thereof, for the support ofthe Army
of the United States."
Among the persons named is, " any person who,
owning property in any loyal State, or in the District
of Columbia, shall hereafter assist and give aid and
comfort to such rebellion."
Section seven of the act provides—
" That to secure the condemnation and sale of any
such property after the same shall have been seized,
so that it may be mode available for the purpose
aforesaid, proceedings in rem shall be instituted, in
the name of the United States, in any district court
thereof, or in any territorial court, or in th« United
States district conrt for the District of Columbia,
within which the property above described, or any
part thereof, may be found, or into which the same.
If movable, may first be brought, which proceeding
shall conform as nearly as may be to proceedings in
admiralty or revenue cases; and if said property,
whether real or personal, shall be found to have
belonged to a person engaged in rebellion, or who
has given aid or oomfort thereto, the same shall be
oondemned as enemies' property, and become the
property of the United States, and may be disposed
of as the court shall decree, and the proceeds thereof
paid into the Treasury of tho United Statos for the
purposes aforesaid."
Section eight provides that the sevoral courts
aforesaid shall hare power to make such orders,
establish such forms of dooree and sale, and direct
such deeds and conveyances to be executed and de-
livered by theinarshals thereof, where real estate
shall bo thesnbjectofsale, as shall fitly and efficiently
effect the purposes of this act, and vest in the pur-
chasers of such property good and valid titles thereto.
And the said oourts shall have power to allow such
fees and charges of their officers as shall be reason-
able and proper in the premises.
In the caso of Samuel Miller, the present claim-
ant, the following facts are well established:
During the rebellion he resided at or near Lynoh-
burg. Virginia, of which State he was a citizen; that
he gave no aia or comfort to the rebellion beyond
the payment of taxes imposed upon his property by
the rebel laws; that he was tho owner and possessor
of five per cent. State bonds ot' the State of Indiana,
amounting to 8100,000, and $12,(XX) cash; that a per-
son of the name of Thatcher, some time in the year
1803, passed through theUnion lines and visited Mil-
ler at his house in Virginia, Thatcher hnving full
knowledge of the fact that Mr. Miller had these
bonds, and having with him a description thereof.
Thatcher urgod Mr. Miller to intrust tho bonds to
him, with a view of placing them in hands wliero
they would bo secure at the North; Mr. Miller per-
emptorily refused to ]>:irt with the bonds.
Upon these facts being made known to the United
States district attorney of the district of Indiana the
latter, on the 20th of February, 1864, filed in the dis-
trict court an information or libel against Mr. Mil-
ler and said bonds.
One Browning became the informer. A monition
in the usual form was issued by the court, ordering
the marshal to "attach the certificates of said stock
and said money, and to detain the same in his cus-
tody," <.te., and to give notice by publication for nil
persons to appear in the court on the 16th of March,
and make their allegations.
To this process the marshal, by his deputy, made
the following return:
"In obedience to the within warrant I have ar-
rested the property within mentioned, and have
cited all persons having or pretending to have any
right, title, or interest thorein, as by said warraut I
am commanded to do."
If by the expression " arrested the property " tho
marshal intended to be understood that he had
seized and taken into his custody the bonds in ques-
tion, the return was manifestly false, for on tho bill
of review, shortly to be noticed, the deputy who
made it expressly sweats that—
"So far as the material papers representing the
stocks they were not. I did not see the certificates
or bonds ofthe State. Idid not have them in actual
custody at any time, nor did any deputy of the mar-
shal, or the marshal himself, to my knowledge."
' But notwithstanding this singular and suspicious
return of the marshal. Mr. Miller was, on the return
day, called and defaulted, and a decree was ren-
dered by the district judge on the sole testimony of
Thatcher, and an order made for the salo of the
bonds, the interest upon them being due from tho
1st of January, 1S62; that the bonds and interest
were condemned by the court as enemies'property
and declared forfeited to the United States. The
auditor and treasurer of Indiana were directed to
pay to the marshal the interest on tlio bonds, to the
amount of $10,900, and the latter ordered to sell the
bonds at publio auction on a venditioni exponas, and
give the purchaser a certificato. And it was fur/jer
ordered that the agent of the State, auditor, and
treasurer of Indiana—
"Should execute and deliver to the purchaser
new certificates of stock in lieu of the outstanding
original certificates, and that the original outstand-
ing certificates (bonds) should be forever null and
void."
At the May term of the court. 1865, the marshal
made return that he had sold said bonds to two pur-
chasers (WilliamH.English and EdwinG. Whitney)
for the suss of $82,286 25, and that he had also re-
ceived two years' interest thereon, amounting to
$10,900, making a total of 893.180 25; that out of this
amount he had retained $4,410 03, and paid into the
court the sum of $88,776 22.
The court ordered to bo paid to the attorneys of
the United States 85,000, and that of tho balance,
after paying clerk's fees and other costs, one half
should be paid into the United States Treasury and
the other half retained for the informer. This was
done.
At this sale, on the venditioni exponas, the bonds
were not present; and the deputy who made the sale
swears: ... .. , .
"I had the writ of venditiont exponas, described in
the question, issued for the sale of said stocks in my
hands from the date of its test, and was employed in
its execution as the deputy marshal under Colonel
Rose. I was present at the salo described in said
return indorsed on the writ now before me. Marshal
Rose cried tho sale; I took down the bids and made
the return, which is subscribed in ray own hand-
writing, and delivered the writ, with the return
thereon, into the office of the clerk of said court. I
saw nothing of said stocks or certificates; so far as I
know.they were not, nor was any part of them, actu-
ally present at said sale; nor, so far as I know, had
they or any part of them ever been in the aotual
custody of said marshal or any of his deputies."
The committee cannot recognize the validity of
this judicial sale. Il will be seen that by the seventh
section above quoted the proceedings are m rem.
The statute did not contemplate the trial of the owner
of rebel property for treason; that could only be upon
a formal indictment for the crime and trial by jury ;
but the whole proceeding is directed against the res,
tho property itself, and is to "conform, as nearly as
may be, to proceedings in admiralty or revenue
cases," and is to be had in the district "within which
the property above described, or any part thereof,
may be found, or into which the samo. if movable,
may first be brought." The property in this case con-
sisted of the State bonds, which were payable to Mr.
Miller or his assigns, being, as they read upon their
face, "stock issued for principal under the acts of
January 19,1846, and the act supplementary thereto
of January 27,1847, to providofor thefundeddebt of
the Stateand the completion of the Wabash and Erio
canal to Evansville." They aro in the nature of
commercial paper and assignable nt law; not mere
certificates of "credit" granted to Mr. Miller. They
are artioles subject to sale and transfer, by which tho
purchaser becomes vested with a legal title to receive
the money, principal and interest, promised to bo
paid. It is not oasy to soe how their legal character
differs from an ordinary bank note, promissory note,
or bill of exchange payableto bearer or toorder and
properly indorsed. In popular understanding these
bonds represented money, and were as much prop-
erty in the popular sense, and we think in the legal
sense, as such negotiable paper.
It need hardly be added that where tho judicial
prooeeding is in rem the law requires that the oonrt
or its proper officer shall have actual possession of
the property which is the subject of it, before such
property can be affected by its judgment or decreo.
l'lic principle is analogous to the rule of law and of
universal justico that no judgment is valid as against
tho person of the defendant where he has received
no notico to appear in court and answerthe suit. In
the present case there is, indeed, no pretense that the
bonds were during the proceeding out of the posses-
sion of Mr. Miller, who rosided and kept them in
Virginia; and we cannot conceive, therefore, how
the district judge could have come to the conclusion
which he seems to have entertained that he had juris-
diction over tho bonds and could order their sale.
The return to the warrant docs not conform to its
command, which was to attach the certificates of
stock, and to detain them in hiscustody until further
order of the court. Instead of this the marshal merely
says in his return that he has " arrested said prop-
erty," but not that he has it in his possession. And
wo are equally at a loss tosee by whatlawor author-
ity the court could adjudge, as it did adjudge, tho
bonds to be null and void. Surely, the alleged cir-
cumstancc that they were owned and held by a rebel
could not affect their validity as commercial paper
a* against the State of Indiana, whose obligation to
pay them was not affected by the fact of their being
so owned and possessed. And if they were null and
void they surely could furnish no basis or considera-
tion upon which valid duplicates could issue. Neither
can we see hy what authority the judge ordered the
issue of such duplicates. It is true section eight of
the act empowers tho oourt to make suoh orders and
establish such tortus of decree and sale as Bhall fitly
and efficiently effeot the purposes of the act; but
surely this clause gives the court no power either to
assume jurisdiction of the mnotin its aotual pos-
session and control, and muoh less to compel a State
officer to issue an obligation binding upon his State
without explicit atfthority to be found in the statutes
of the State. It is believed that none such exists,
and your committee refer en this point to the letters
of the attorney general and auditor of State here-
unto annexed.
We are therefore of opinion that tho whole pro-
ceedings, so far as the original bonds and duplicates
issued in lieu thereof were concerned, was in fact
void for want of jurisdiction.
But the case now assumes another and an anoma-
lous aspect. On the 29th of May, 1866, the oase hav-
ing been transferred from the district to the circuit
court, in conscquence of the death of the former dis-
trict judge and the disability of his successor to sit
in the case, Mr. Miller filed a bill of review, alleging
various errors and irregularities under the former
libel, and asking for a rehearing on the merits.
One object of this bill of review was to prevent
the remainder of the fund being paid over to tho
informers, of whom there were two, John C. Brown-
ing and Oliver Ludlow; Each filed his answer claim-
ing a moiety of the fund, reasserting the matters
charged in theoriginal libel, and denying the allega-
tions of the bill of review. The issues were made
up on the loth of June, 1867, and the court appointed
J. D. Howland, its clerk, as special commissioner to
take the testimony in the case. On the 26th of No-
vember Mr. Howland filed the depositions he had
taken. This evidence, proceeding from Mr. Miller's
neighbors and intimate acquaintances, taken on the
spot in Virginia and upon due notice to the inform-
ers, is entirely conclusive upon the question of his
loyalty, and negates overwhelmingly the charge in
the original libel that he had given aid and assist-
ance to the rebellion. The witnesses were numerous,
and their testimony left no doubt upon the mind of
the court of the falsity of that allegation. A perusal
of the depositions leads your committee to the be-
lief that the charge against Mr. Miller was trumped
up by a band of conspirators who sought to rob him
of his property by fraud and pcijury. ....
On the 28th of February, 1868, the circuit Judge
passed an order setting aside the decree of tho uis-
i trict court by which the stock and money were
! declared forfeited to the United States as enemy s
| property, so far as respected the net proceeds of the
sale then on special deposit, as erroneous and irreg-
