1870.]
APPENDIX.TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Mississippi—Mr. Fowler.
Senate.
they reside. No State shall mako or cnforco any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizons of tho United States.'
Now, sir, it is positively forbidden that a
State shall make any la\v which shall abridge
the privileges or immunities of citizens of the
United States. I apprehend that even under
this article of the Constitution no citizens of
the State of Mississippi could bo deprived of
the right to vote. At the time the article was
framed a great majority of the statesmen of
the country held the doctrine that voting was
a privilege. There were many, I admit, who
held the doctrine that it was a right, one of
the inalienable or natural rights of man. That
doctrine is not held by a very largo number of
persons. It is held, I know, by many, and is
much more widely and generally held now
than it was at the time tho article was framed.
But even taking the broader view of this sub-
ject, and the more general one that the right
of voting is a privilege, I still insist that it is
one of those privileges included in the first
section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments. In the decisions of Mr. Justice Wash-
ington, in tho case of Corfield m. Coryell, 1
find the following language,:
"Tho next question is, whether this net infringes
that section of the Constitution which declares that
'thecitizons ol'oaeii Stato shall bo entitled toalltho
privileges and immunitios of citizens iu tho several
States V
" Tho inquiry is, what aro tho privileges and im-
munities ot citizens in the several States ? Wefeolno
hesitation in confining theso expressions to those
privileges and immunities which aro ill their nature
fundamental; which belong of right to tlio citizens
of all frco Governments, and which have at all times
been enjoyed by tho citizens of tho several States
which compose this Union, from tho timo of thoir
becoming iroo, independent, and sovereign. What
thof'.o fundamental principtos aro it would, perhaps,
bo moro tedious than dillicult to enumerate. 'They
may, however, be all comprehended under tho fol-
lowing general hoads: protection by tho Govern-
ment; tile enjoyment, of life and liberty, with the
right to acquiro and possess property of every kind;
and to pursue and obtain happiness and safety, sub-
ject, nevertheless, to such restraints as tho Govern-
ment may justly prescribe for tho general good of
the whole.
"Thcbo may be mentioned as some of tho partic-
ular privileges and immunities of citizens of tho
United States which aro clearly embraced ill the gen-
eral description of privileges deemed to bo fund-
amental, to which may be added tho olcctivo fran-
chise, as regulated and established by tho laws and
constitution of tho Stato in which it is to be oxer-
oiscd."
Justice Washington enumerates the elective
franchise as among the rights guarantied to
the citizen by the first clause of section two,
article two of the Constitution. Most assuredly
the first section of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution is equally defi-
nite on this question. Thus you have the right
of the citizen to vote protected by three con-
stitutional amendments. If tho Stato desired
to deprive any class of her citizens of this right
it would be beyond licr power.
The rights guarantied by section one, article
fourteen of amendments embraces a larger
number of personal rights than any other one
provision in tho Constitution, but adds only one
new right or privilege to the instrument. It
makes "all persons born or naturalized iu the
United States and subject to the jurisdiction
thereof citizens of tho United States and of the
State wherein they reside." The privileges and
immunities protected by it have all been pro-
vided for in other articles. The new feature
of tho article is of great importance and of very
extensive significance. It may yet be held to
embrace not only all races of men but sexes
without distinction.
Tho second fundamental condition is in the
following language:
"ficeontL That it shall never be lawful for the said
Stato to deprive any citizen of tho United States, on
accouut of his race, color, or previous condition of
servitude, ot tho right to hold office under the con-
stitution and laws of said State, or upon any such
ground to require of him any other qualifications for
oflico than such as aro required of all other citizens."
This condition is unnecessary if its object is
to secure impartial privileges to the citizens of
the United States in Mississippi. These are
better protected in the Constitution of tho Uni-
ted States than a mere statute can give. If a
well-regulated public opinion cannot give them
these rights and enforce their observance neither
law nor Constitution can. To this favor must
we come at last. The only authoritative law
in this nation is public opinion, chocked and
modified by constitutions, laws, and the ma-
chinery of government through which it is to
operate. I have no doubt that the people will
select their best and most reliable persons for
their agents, making qualifications and love of
country and integrity the tests; not univers-
ality or simple impartiality. I will now pro-
ceed to the third and most important;
"Third. That tho constitution of Mississippi shall
novor bo so amended or changed as to deprive any
citizen orTjlass of oitizons of tho United States of tho
school rights and privileges secured by tho constitu-
tion of said Stato."
This condition presents itself iu tho, most
engaging and fascinating form, It is through
our virtues that vico makes its entrance to the
chambers of the heart and lakes there its abode.
Vice iu its naked deformity is at once repelled
from the human mind. When it clothes itself
in the robes of beauty, liberty, or love it
enters and takes command of the man, the
family, or tho Stato. Its movement is indirect
and its purpose clouded in impenetrable mys-
tery. The present is one of those measures
that disarms opposition and seduces the unwary
and irresolute from duty. It is tho wise states-
man and philosopher that has dominion of the
present, past, and future. The present is a
real presence, urging its demands by pressing
appliances of want, desire, glory, ambition,
philanthropy, and religion. It promises hap-
piness now and future bliss. The future holds
out engaging and alluring signals to direct the
pathway that wc should follow. It seizes the
fancy, and upon its wings transports us from
the firm land of truth and duty. Under its
enchanting notes we sail away from the tried
and rock-bound shores of experience without
chart or compass, to be ingulfed in uncertainty
or wrecked upon unseen and unexplored rocks
and shoals.
This measure binds tho Mississippians to
educate, and to educate according to the ideas
crystallized in their constitution. JI is an
appeal made to our reason and our sensibili-
ties in favor of education. It is a bold man
that dare resist such a measure, let it come in
what shape it may. This is one of those prop-
ositions that command respect, awe, submis-
sion. But " it comes in such a questionable
shape that! will speak to it." If tho measure
is good in itself, if it can be adopted without
an infringement of our form of government, if
it may not endanger our liberty, if it will
advance the social, moral, and political inde-
pendence of the people, it may not be resisted.
If, on the contrary, it furnishes no solid advan-
tage to social or political reform, and threatens
an innovation upon the tried and approved sys-
tem of government provided by our ancestors
and tested by eighty years of prosperous expe-
rience, I am unwilling to adopt tho measure.
True exeolleneo cannot be fixed in laws. It
subsists in-tho eternal and primordial forms
of thought. It exists in tho immortal and
heaven-born soul, instinct with love, and (ruth,
and beauty, and good. It is in the over-active
and ever-beautiful and omnipotent physical
universe, with its myriad forms of life and
phenomena. It dwells in the human spirit,
and spreads its benign odors upon the world
around. It is the chain that binds man to
his fellow-man, to his Creator, and the universe.
It flows from its Divine fountain as does the light
of heaven, and diffuses its beams on ali. _ It is
a law unto itself, impels, molds, and reforms
human actions and institutions. Civilization is
but the expression of its growth in the man, the
nation, or the race. I care not by what name
it may be called, be it Providence, be it nature,
or mind. I do not discard human agencies
and human efforts; all the means that man
with his institutions can bring to bear to de-
velop, dispense, and perpetuate improvement
may be used. I will direct my attention now
more directly to the subject of education.
If there is any one thing that more intimately
than any other concerns the social condition
of the people it is the system of education.
It is almost as closely connected with and is
as purely a social institution as the family. It
would bo no greater infringement upon tho
reserved rights of the people for Congress to
regulate tho family relations than it would to
regulate the system of education. Indeed, the
one is based upon tho other.
Whether national peculiarities are tho devel-
opment of and the expression of some Divine
determination, or the result of freedom modi-
fied by circumstances of climate or the sur-
rounding physical objects, 1 will not undertake
to discuss. It is, however, conceded that one
race becomes the teachers of another as one
individual another. The old mold tho young.
The light of each preceding generation illum-
inates the present and all subsequent. As
the young mind is directed by the past so it de-
velops and forms its character. The passions
and transient elements aro to bo controlled
and subordinated to law. The free and im-
perishable must be permitted to expand with-
out checks or restraints. The direction given
to the youth determines his destiny. The gen-
erous purpose of life once planted in tho soui
follows it through time. The same is true of
nations, races, or communities. The religion,
the government, tho socialand family relations,
all grow out of or arc molded by the charac-
ter of the educator. It is the lever that lifts
or keeps down nations and tongues. It takct*
hold of the mind and binds it to the will of liim
who holds this wonderful agent in his grasp.
If you may order the education you can de-
termine all tho institutions, manners, and cus-
toms. Our Government left the citizen free to
educate himself. It is the essence of our insti-
tutions. I propose to draw my illustrations
from New England.
1 propose to seek my illustration from her
most illustrious virtue. It is tho one on which
the fame of her civilization reposes. It is the
sword of her power and the anchor of her hope.
It is a present blessing and is fraught with a
promising and abundant harvest. If vices she
has, itgivesme no pleasure to recount and pub-
lish them. 1 would prefer to cover them with
the mantle of charity. Whatever dishonors
my country, or one of its members, dishonors
nje. When my country mourns I cannot re-
joice. If republican institutions have any per-
manent foundation, if theyrepose on anything
not subject to constant change and overthrow,
they must rest on the inviolable dignity of the
individual arid his capacity to determine what
forces shall rule him. Regarding New England
as furnishing the very best specimens of re-
publican machinery, 1 will present through the
media of lier institutions my own views of our
national system of government. Here the
whole form of government grows out of the
consideration and the respect paid to individ-
ual rights. Man there is everything: govern-
ment is his instrument.. It commences in his
township organization, and he surrenders to it-
just so much of his own individual rights as
are necessary to control the duties that devolve
on it; to the county so much as are necessary
to if; to the State so much as aro necessary to
it, and to tho General Government all tiiose
duties that concern all the States, the general
duties that involve or control the relation ot
