1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3965
and he will command more the confidence of
the House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. SCHBNCK. I rise to ask a ps.rlia-
mentary question. Is it practicable to fix a
time within which debate shall cease?
t_ The SPEAKER. It is, under the ruling
' which prevails when a bill is being considered
in this way in the House by sections.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not wish to detain
the House by answering the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Judd.] I have heard that speech
three or four times, and I am willing that it
shall go for what it is worth.
Mr. JUDD. The gentleman has never heard
it from me.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, yes; it is an old ac-
quaintance. The motion I prefer to submit is
that all debate on this question shall cease in
fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
answer to the parliamentary point raised by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,]
that when a bill is being considered in the
House by sections, under the five-minutes rule,
the House must have some way of indicating
when it will pass from the consideration of one
section to another, or else, without unanimous
consent, it will be impossible for the House to
make any progress at all with the bill. It has
been the uniform rule that it may be done by
a sort of informal calling of the previous ques-
tion ; and when that is sustained the House
proceeds to read the next section. The gentle-
man can make his motion now, or he can indi-
cate the time at which he will make it.
Mr. ALLISON. If the previous question
shall be sustained amendments to the section
will be cut off.
The SPEAKER. That is the difference
between considering a bill by sectioiis under
the five- minutes rule and considering a bill as in
Committee of the Whole. The words "as in
Coinmitteeof the Whole " wereexcluded from
this arrangement.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
Speaker to do me the favor to recollect that I
tried to get those words in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly
remembers that the gentleman tried to get
them in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I give notice that I will
move the previous question in fifteen minutes.
Mr. MYERS. There are eighty-six pages
of this bill, and the House has in less than a
day passed over more than one third of that.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I desire to offer an
amendment.
Mr. MYERS. If the gentleman will wait a
moment I will give way and he can offer his
amendment. I desire to say a few words that
have been suggested to my mind by what has
fallen from the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Judd.]
Mr. MYERS. I move to amend by striking
out the last word. I wish to say this : that if
we stand by the Committee of Ways and Means
in good faith we can pass this bill, altering
such parts as we are opposed to. within a day
or two: and we can get on in good season to
pass the other bills to which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] has referred. That
brings me to the reason why I address the
House at all at this time.
Gentlemen from time to time get in speeches
here to show that they are in favor of reduction
of taxes, whether pertinent to the section or
not. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cul-
lom] has made a speech here to-day which I
have heard time and again upon that subject.
And I do not now believe that he is in favor
of abolishing the income tax. I am in favor
of abolishing it entirely, and I ask him if he is?
[Pausing. ] The gentleman declines to answer
my question. I wish to illustrate the fact that
things are thrown in here that are not germane
to this bill.
It has gone to the country through some of the
press that we are now upon a section of this
bill where wc may amend the law in regard to
the tax on distilled spirits. As I have year
after year endeavored to have the tax imposed
according to the capacity of the distillery, I
simply rise to say that I defer to the good judg-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and find this is not the proper place to move
my amendment, and that is the reason why I
have not done it to this bill.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cullom]
was speaking upon this subject, and it has no
relation to this section of this bill. When the
time comes, upon the consideration of the next
bill—and I am sure there will be time enough
for it—I shall move to tax spirits according to
the capacity of the distillery, doing away largely
with stamps, expensive meters, and incentives
to fraud, which *are now harassing not only
those engaged in the business, but disturbing
the entire community.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. SchexckJ has well said that under
our present law we have largely increased our
revenues from that source. That is because
we have to a certain extent ascertained the
tax from the capacity of the distillery; because
we have approximated somewhat to the system
which was derided but a few years ago. 1 shall
support the committee in their bill with proper
amendments, among which, I hope, will be
one to strike out the many requirements im-
posed upon tobacco dealers; but let us discuss
these as they arise, and not impede the com-
mittee by anticipating them.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to amend the portion
of this section relating to distillers so as to
make it read as follows:
Distillers producing five barrels or less of distilled
spirits, counting forty gallons of proof spirits to the
barrel, within the year, shall each pay twonty dol-
lars; and if producing more than five barrels shall
pay in addition four dollars for each such barrel pro-
duced in cxcess of live barrels.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to have been the in-
tention iti the bill under consideration to make
the special tax imposed on distillers bear some-
thing like a just proportion to the quantity of
spirits distilled. The tax of $100 on the first
twenty-five barrels, which is at the rate of four
dollars per barrel, is increased at the same
rate of four dollars for each additional barrel,
so that the tax increases in proportion to the
increase in the number of barrels distilled; but
there is no corresponding diminution in the
tax imposed on small distillers who make less
than twenty-five barrels. They are compelled
to pay the full tax of §100, even though they
may distill only five barrels, thus imposing
upon this class of small distillers a tax at the
rate of twenty dollars per barrel, while the
large distiller, who produces more than twenty-
five barrels, is taxed only at the rate of four
dollars per barrel, as above indicated.
In view of this unjust discrimination, and of
the hardships which this bill in its present form
imposes upon a large class of the people inter-
ested in its provisions, I offered, when this bill
wasiastbefore under consideration, an amend-
ment to the effect that each distiller should be
taxed only at the rate of four dollars for each
barrel produced, whether the number of barrels
produced should be one or one thousand. But
this amendment was opposed by the chairman
of the committee and was rejected by the House.
The principal objection urged by the chair-
man of the committee to that amendment
seemed to be that it cut the tax down so low
that it enabled every reckless or irresponsible
person to engage in the distillation of spirits
who might desire to do so, without any guar-
antee for the payment of any special tax what-
ever above the tax of four dollars upon a sin-
gle barrel, and I confess there seemed to be
some reason and force in the objections thus
urged ; but the present amendment, I think,
obviates the difficulties then raised by the
chairman of 'the committee, and I trust the
House will now be able to agree with me as to
the justice and propriety of its adoption.
This amendment, if adopted, will not reduce
or in any way affect the tax imposed on large
distillers who may produce more than twenty-
five barrels, but will leave them to pay, as now
provided by the bill, a tax at the rate of four
dollars for each barrel produced. It is in-
tended to apply to and will affect only the
small distiller whom the bill proposes to tax
$100, no matter how small the quantity he
may distill. It simply reduces the number of
barrels which may be distilled from twenty-
five to five, and reduces the amount of tax
required to be paid at the outset from one
hundred to twenty dollars. In other words,
it authorizes the distillation of spirits in as
small quantities as five barrels, and the pay-
ment of a tax of twenty dollars for the first
five barrels, with a tax of four dollars for each
additional barrel, instead of twenty-five bar-
rels and a tax of $100, as now provided by
the bill, and thus enables small distillers, like
those who do a large business, to pay only in
proportion to the number of barrels produced.
This amendment, if adopted, will not enable
irresponsible parties to engage in the business
without some guarantee for the payment of a
special tax ; but twenty dollars at least will in
each instance be paid at the outset besides the
four dollars for each barrel in excess of the
number prescribed, which can as easily and as
certainly be secured by fixing the minimum at
five as it can by making it twenty-five.
It may be said that the reduction of the tax
to so low a point will flood the country with
small distilleries, and, in the language of the
chairman of the committee, erect a still-house
on the corner of every farm ; but if so, all the
better for the Government, as each still-house
thus erected will pay a tax of twenty dollars,
which would otherwise never be added to the
revenue raised from this source.
The small distillers who make only a few bar-
rels cannot afford and should not be required
to pay this heavy tax of $100. Unless this tax
is reduced they will be denied the right to still
at all, or will be driven into an attempt to
evade the requirements of the law. Impose
upon this class of people only a moderate and
equal tax, aud you at once remove all induce-
ment to violate the law or to evade its provis-
ions, you add to the revenue of the country
thousands of dollars which would otherwise
never be realized, and above all you do an act of
j ustice by taxing equally all classes of the people.
There are, sir, in the district from which I
come, T am safe in saying, at least one thousand
stills of small capacity, the owners of which
would all readily, and even gladly, pay a tax
of twenty dollars for the privilege of making a
few barrels of brandy and whisky in the fall
and winter months of each year, but who can-
not afford to pay a tax of $100 for this purpose.
This is not only the case in the district from
which I come, but I have it from various other
gentlemen on this floor that precisely the same
state of case exists in the districts which they
represent.
I ask the adoption of this amendment, then,
because it will greatly increase the revenues of
the Government, because it removes all induce-
ment to violate or evade the law, and because
the heavy tax imposed by this bill on small
distillers builds up large establishments at the
expense of small ones; because it bears un-
equally and unjustly upon this class of people,
and its effect is to drive one portion of the
people from all participation in a legitimate
business for the protection of others who need
no protection and are able to take care of
themselves. The people realize the injustice
and inequality of these taxes, and are appeal-
ing to us for relief from these unjust and
oppressive laws. They will know where the
responsibility restsif these unjustandoppress-
ive discriminations continue to be made.
Mr. SCHBNCK. The amendment would
authorize distillers to make just five quarts
and three gills a day.
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being—ayes 49, noes 70.
