120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGttESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February It,
Senate.
Admission of Mississippi-
Fowler.
41sT CoNtr... ,2d Sbss.
the citizen to the nation, th-e States to each
other and the Union, and the Union to other
nationalities. The Union is formed in the
interest of the individual and the States; the
States in the interest of the Union and the
citizen, as are the counties and towns.
Here, sir, they were especially guarded on
this point, to reserve to themselves and to
guard with care and with great jealousy the
reserved rights of the individuals in the Gov-
ernment. They instituted nothing in the form
of what th« European and Asiatic Govern-
ments call sovereignties. That idea is foreign
to all our institutions. No State is sovereign
in that sense; the national Government is not.
These people used instrumentalities. The in-
dividual was above the Government; the Gov-
ernment flowed from him. It is nothing but
the expression of his views of the relation of
man to man, man to society, and the nation
to other nations. It was simply an instrument
made to enable the individual to execute his
wishes and his views of right in these various
spheres of action.
Now, sir, this is the point that I wish to
arrive at, that ail our governments are subor-
dinate to the individual rights; that the gov-
ernment is not inviolable as the person and
rights of the individual are inviolable ; that each
of ihepc several governments is subordinate to
him ; that they 11 ow Irorn him as the highest
not the lowest, and that he himself is the
creator and they the created.
Now, sir, what is the idea of European and
Asiatic Governments ? It is that the ruler is
the representative of the Divinity ; that from
him flow all power mid authority to subordinate
otlicinls and all privileges to the people. Rank
is under lank, and the individual is subordinate
to the piinoe and all his interior creatures.
Whore authority Hows from the prince down
to the people there you have sovereignty ; but
wlifre it Hows from the people to the Govern-
ment i ho sovereignty resides in the man.
Hence we say that all sovereignty resides in the
people. Where one class of ideas exist there
is liberty, and where the other prevails there
must be slavery. Where the leading idea of
mass is power in any of its forms or degrees,
obedionce is the law. Where love and the
beautiful prevail voluntary conformity will
result and liberty is the law.
Our fathers had clear and distinct ideas on this
subject. They were practical men. They were
men who had been born since the age of fable
had passed away. No superstitions molded
their ideas or views. Our Government was
notformed in days beyond the reach ot history,
but within the memories of persons now living.
Some of those men are yet living who attained
our independence, and who knew the men who
met, in Annapolis and Philadelphia and framed
our Constitution. They met as business men,
for the purpose of forming a nation, and they
entered into a compact with each other, the
people of the several States, and as States,
consenting and acting for their own best inter-
ests. But, nevertheless, it was a Government
ot the people so far as it applied to the general
ufiairs of nationality. They were, however,
careful to ri'servo to themselves all the rights
that they lmd not granted to the General Gov-
ernment. Especially were they jealous of this,
because they regarded the rights of the indi-
vidual as superior to the rights of States or
corporations. They knew that a great Gov-
ernment had power to infringe on the rights of
one humble^ person;_ that no difference how
sacred, no difference how inviolable, the rights
ol the individual might be, one was weak
against millions. And they knew further, that
it was not sufficient simply to guard the rights
of the individual by law. That had been done
under other circumstances in other countries
as carefully, perhaps, as it could be in this. But
they were free to organize • their Government
in such- a manner that it could not .operate
upon the individual directly without' passing
through various hands and being Considered
again and again by the judgment of persons
who was removed from passions and preju-
dices. They therefore organized our Govern-
ment with three distinct departments, which
were to operate upon each other—the legisla-
tive, the executive, and the judicial—holding
each department to possess powers exclusively
its own, and forbidding it to exercise powers
that belonged to either of the others. This is
true with a few exceptions. One exception is
the veto power of the President upon the legis-
lative department. There is another excep-
tion in the judicial department in one case ;
that of impeachment, which is placed in the
Senate of the United States and not in the
judiciary.
In the constitution of the State of Massachu-
setts 1 think the expression is much better than
it is in our national Government, because it
forbids either one of these departments to ex-
ercise any rights or any of the powers granted
to either of the others, and is perhaps the finest
expression, according to my views, that has
ever been given. But this was not all the
checks they placed upon the action of the cen-
tral power.
And here, before I leave this subject, I wish
to make a single remark. They knew that the
legislative department was subject to the ebb
and flow of passions; that prejudice, that am-
bition, that corruption necessarily crept into the
Legislatures, and that every Government had
fallen from the absorption of power by the legis-
lative department of the Government; that it
can be brought under circumstances to give
sanction to anything. It is Vain to suppose,
and we need not flatter ourselves, that the legis-
lators of our Government are purer, better, and
wiser than they have been in other countries.
It is not so. The same causes will, under sim-
ilar circumstances, produce similar results.
Humanity is impelled by the same motives now
that it was under the Grecian or the Roman
power.
Again, they knew that the Executive was
subject to ambition, to flattery, to corruption,
and that he would under certain circumstances
grasp at power. The one they regarded as the
intellect of the country, the other as the will;
and to curb and check both of these they placed
them under the control of and subject to a
higher clement, the conscience of the nation,
which is the judicial department; men who
held their offices for life and were removed
from the ebb and flow of passions, and who
were placed above prejudice. As they were
constituted the highest body in the country,
occupying the highest possible position, and
were the guardians of the moral rights of the
people, it was supposed that they would pro-
tect the individual by sacredly executing or
adjudging the law in his particular case.
Our fathers, also, were very particular in
another thing. They were not content to give
certain powers to the General Government
unwritten, but they expressed them in definite
form. They were written down, and each
member of the Government, be he of the legis-
lative, the judicial, or the executive depart-
ment, takes a solemn oath to observe the Con-
stitution as it was written by our fathers; that
he must give his best understanding, his great-
est labor toward ascertaining the true inter-
pretation of that instrument, and all laws must
be made in pursuance of it.
They were also very definite in another thing.
Knowing that the Legislature might make mis-
takes ; that they might be influenced by preju-
dices or party passion or the violence of the
times, and pass laws that would not be in
accordance with the instrument, it was espe-
cially incumbent upott the judiciary so to de-
clare, and to relieve the citizen from executing
such enactments. They protected him from
it because they could declare it no law-—a mere
arbitrary legislative enactment.
•But, sir, these are not all the guards they
threw around this subject. By far the greatest
was that they provided against the centralized
Eower of the' General Government by the local
legislatures, which took charge of all the local
affairs of the citizens in the different sections
of the country. They were especially directed
to this from this consideration : that those in
particular localities organized into a separate
State government understood the wants and
interests of the people better, and could better
provide for that section than a large territory
such as we possess. These several State gov-
ernments have their rights as distinct, as em-
phatic, and they are as useful and as necessary
to the safety and the liberties of the citizen as
the General Government itself. They operate
&s the greatest check on what might be the
licentious action of the Federal Government.
It is for that reason that I would not see them
disturbed in any manner whatever. They pro-
vided against and were jealous of the accumu-
lation of power in the Federal Government.
They set limits and boundaries to that accumu-
lation of power. Now, there is no one thing that
could advance the power of the central Gov-
ernment so much as to give it control of the
education of the country. Make a separate
educational department here, and then enact
laws regulating the education of the people in
the different States, and you have as completely
subverted the State governments and the liber-
ties of the people as any of the arbitrary despot-
isms of the Old World. Nor would education
be profited by it, nor religion, nor virtue, nor
any of the social interests, but in my opinion
materially retarded.
There is another consideration to which I
wish to direct your attention. They confined
themselves to general provisions and general
grants of power in the Constitution. Antici-
pating changes that would necessarily take
place in the views and in the interest of the
people in the different sections, they were
very careful not to tie up the people of any
section by arbitrary and inflexible rules which
they cannot change to suit the varied condi-
tion of the times. They followed the order of
nature in this respect. They supposed that
some branches of our institutions would
bccome old and useless, when they should be
lopped off, that new ones would grow up and
take their place. • They made ample provision
for this, so that there would be a continuity in
the growth of the nation. If you tie up the
States or any section of the country by arbi-
trary rules that cannot be changed you at
once destroy the possibility of the people mak-
ing a change when they shall desire to do so ;
you cut off progress, you introduce universal
monotony.
But, sir, I have additional objections to this
proposed condition. No Government has ever
profited either religion or education by taking
charge of it. As long as Christianity struggled
aguinst the opposition of the Roman Govern-
ment ; as long as her devotees were bunied at
the stake; while they were the sport of a
Roman holiday, and were destroyed by the
wild beasts of Africa, there was no check to
progress and purity of the Christian church.
It was not until Constantine took possession
of it, and guarded it and protected it by the
Roman power, that it became corrupt and lost
its influence. It has been so even since the
revival of letters. Wherever the Christian
religion has been taken under the charge of
government, priest-craft, corruption, and tyr-
anny have marked its career. Where it has
been left to protect itself, where it has ad-
