1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
this publication was to place before the mem-
bers of each new Congress a complete list of
the personnel of the Government. Only seven
hundred and fifty copies are printed and none
for popular distribution. It is, however, an ex-
pensive kind of printing, being rule and figure
work, and the preparation of it must be a con-
siderable expense. The greater part of this
thick volume is occupied with the list of post-
masters. The next most voluminous lists are
of the Army and Navy. All these are furnished
annually, in another form, from the respect-
ive Departments. The list of post offices and
postmasters, the Army Register and the Navy
Register comprise five sixths of the volume.
These are published annually by the Depart-
ments; and, for each alternate year, the Blue
Boolr, so far as they are concerned, is out of
date. The Treasury Department also pub-
lishes a list of the light-houses, and the Depart-
ment of State publishes a list of the diplomatic
and consular officers. The Congressional Direc-
tory, of which several editions are printed at
each session of Congress, furnishes lists of the
officers of both Houses and the chief officers
of the Departments and the bureaus. So that
the information contained in the. Blue Book,
and not accessible in some other, and for half
of the time in a moreauthentic form, occupies
butaboutone eighth of the bulk of the volume,
and is of the least important character, being
mainly the lists of clerks in the Departments;
and these are published, although not by
authority of the Government, in a depart-
mental directory. It seems, therefore, that the
Blue Book is mainly a needless and costly
repetition of information that is already sup-
plied in a more authentic form, and that the
.cost of preparing and of publishing it may be
dispensed with.
One thing has materially increased the cost
of the public printing for the past and for the
current year. Congress has enacted a law
that eight hours shall constitute a day's work
in all the mechanical departments of the public
service. The rule in the Government Printing
Office has heretofore been the same as in the
other printing offices. And a distinction of this
kind, giving an advantage to those in the Gov-
ernment service over that of private establish-
ments, of one fifth of the time during the sum-
mer, not only adds to the expense of the service,
but, by making it more attractive, brings those
engaged in it into political as well as mechan-
ical relations with the Government. The com-
pensation of a printer in the Government Print-
ing Office,for eight hours'daily service, is alittle
more than that of a clerk of the first class in
the Departments. Naturally, the places are
much sought, and are claimed often on political
grounds rather than on those of mechanical ex-
cellence. This system is sufficiently demoraliz-
ing to the administrative Departments of the
Government; it is still more so to the mechan-
ical. When employment in the Government
Printing Office is made more remunerative than
the same kind of employment elsewhere, with-
out requiring a higher excellence, it degrades
the service from the dignity of a mechanic art,
closely allied to the fine arts, and reduces it
toward the level of office-seeking. It is not
my purpose, however, to discuss here the regu-
lation which Congress has seen proper to put
upon the hours of labor in the service of the
Government. But injustice to those who are
responsible, in greater or less degree, for the
cost of the public printing, I wish to mention
this cause, which will doubtless enhance it for
the future.
The cost of printing is undoubtedly higher
in Washington than in any other part of the
country. The reasons of this are various, and
I do not propose to discuss them ; but the
fact is well established ; and, in view of that,
it is worthy of consideration if it might not be j
judicious to permit the Congressional Printer,
under proper restrictions, and under the di-
rection of the joint Committee on Printing, to
contract for certain portions of the pnbli c pri nt-
ing elsewhere. Large portions of the work
must be done here at whatever cost; but other
portions may conveniently, and with economy
to the public service, be executed elsewhere.
Already the accommodations of the printing
office are insufficient for the work that is done,
and if ever additional work be thrown upon it
an extension of the buildings, unless some such
relief be afforded, is already indispensable.
Should, however, the reform suggested be
adopted, the amount of the public printing
would be so considerably reduced that it might
not be desirable to remove any portion of it to
other places.
There is another reform, not immediately
connected with the public printing, but cog-
nate to it, which I approach with considerable
diffidence, not because I have any doubt of its
propriety, but because I fear that it will en-
counter prejudice too strong to be overcome
by the consideration which I can hope for it
at present. This is a reform in which I feel
interested, not only on account of the money
which it will save to the Treasury, but because
it will largely disconnect the Government from
the press.
Having been, for many years, the editor of
a political newspaper, and feeling a pride and
an interest in the profession, I desire, for the
independence of the press, to see it separated
from the patronage of the Government. Most
of the advertisements of the Government are
addressed to but few people, as proposals for
carrying the mails, for supplying the Army
and Navy, for Indian goods, &c. Very many
of them are really useful only as a protection
against contracts made without publicity.
Their value is only negative. Yet, of course,
it would not be proper for the Government to
purchase its supplies, or to contract for carry-
ing the mails, without inviting the competi-
tion which only public advertisement can
secure. I have long thought that this pub-
licity might be equally secured by publishing
the advertisement in a single paper in the
city of Washington, with brief advertisements
in the local papers, calling attention to them.
And this single paper might be printed at the
Government Printing Office at a very great
saving to the Treasury. This paper should
contain no political matter, nor anything be-
yond the advertisements of the Government,
except official announcements of appoint-
ments, promotions, and departmental intelli-
gence. The paper would have a limited, but
to the Government a most valuable circula-
tion. It would be taken by all Government
contractors, by all who might wish to bid for
Governmentsupplies, orfor Government work.
Thus when the time should arrive for the
quadrennial letting of the mails in New York,
instead of advertising the proposals in a dozen
papers, at a cost of tens of thousands of dol-
lars, they would be advertised, at length, only
in the Government paper, and a dozen or fifty
advertisements, of half a dozen lines, would be
published in as many New York papers, call-
ing attention to the long advertisement, which
any one who might desire to bid could see by
sending for the Government paper of the date
named. In this way the advertising of the
Government would be made at an immense
reduction of cost and with far greater and more
valuable publicity, for the value of publicity in
an advertisement depends more upon the char-
acter than upon the number of those to whose
attention it is brought. By the present plan
it is necessary to pay the cost of bringing the
advertisements before hundreds of thousands
of readers in order to bring them to the atten-
tion of the few hundreds to whom alone they
are valuable, and who alone wish to see thera.
I give merely this hint of a plan which the
Committee on Printing may hereafter elabor-
ate should it seem to meet with the favor of
the Senate. I am not unaware of the objec-
tions that naturally arise against this plan,
but as I do not propose to more than state it
at present I do not discuss them. I may state,
however, that the proposition is not an untried
one. It has long prevailed in the British Gov-
ernment, which publishes the London Gazette,
the Edinburgh Gazette, audtheDublin Gazette,
Government publications, in which certain
advertisements are required to be published,
at the cost of the parties interested. Besides
the accommodation and economy to the Gov-
ernment this furnishes a convenient reference
to advertisements of this kind, ample security
against the fraudulent insertion of important
advertisements in obscure papers, where they
will be seen only by favored parties and elude
the attention of competitors; and it yields a
profit to the Government, of £15,000 a year.
The practice of printing in the Departments
was at oue time carried to an extent that
amounted to an abuse ; but this has been regu-
lated by law, and only the printing which is
connected with the currency is done within the
walls of the Departments, except uuder the
directions of the Congressional Printer. The
Department of State has not., I believe, at any
time assumed the authority to print withiu its
own walls ; but there is a kind of printing in
which secrecy is essential, and which cannot
be performed without "the Department except
at the risk of disclosures that might seriously
affect the success of negotiations. I think it
would conduce to the convenience and effi-
ciency of the service to permit such printing
as, in the judgment of the Secretary of State,
cannot be safely executed away from his imme-
diate supervision, to be done in the Depart-
ment under the direction of the Congressional
Printer. The same privilege should be extended
to the other Departments. The amount of such
confidential printing is small, although it is of
high importance, and the cost would be incon-
siderable.
These are the views which I have embodied in
the bill that I have introduced. Should it meet
the favor of Congress, I think that it would
save some hundreds of thousands of dollars to
the Government at a time when economy,
always desirable, is pressed upon us by the
highest considerations. It will relieve the
Post Office of a great burden ; it will correct
abuses that, growing from small beginnings,
have, although somewhat checked, come to
large proportions, and are liable, at any lime,
to become still more formidable.
I ask that by unanimous consent the bill
which I introduced last week, entitled "A bill
(S. No. 475) to further regulate the public
printing and to discontinue the publication of
books by the general Government for popular
distribution" be taken from the table, and
referred to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Chand-
ler in the chair.) That order will be made if
there be no objection.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, I have
no ambition to speak to the Senate when the
Senate is not listening to anything that is said.
I think if an enumerator had been appointed
to take the census of the Senate for the last
two days he would have had a very easy task
and would have made very poor wages. I am
very much surprised at this, because it seems
to me that the bill is oue of great public mo-
ment, and one in which the Senate ought to
feel a great deal of interest. If I understand
the purpose of the Senate, it is to reject the
House bill and to come back to the law of 1850.
I do not know that I am disposed to contend
with that purpose of the Senate; but if we are
to act under the law of 1850 in taking the cen-
sus it seems to me that it should be somewhat
amended ; I may say materially amended.
Here we stand" at the close of a great revolu-
tion, just in the ebb of one of the grandest
civil wars that ever swept over a nation ; and
it seems to me that it is a matter of the highest
importance that in this decennial report of the
nation we should exhibit to the world, not sim-
ply the growth of our population during the
struggle, but also something of the power in
the way of resources of the nation at this time.
