1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4911
able to the character of this enterprise. I have
not said this before iti reference to the North-
era Pacific railroad, and I merely say now,
that when this very small exception is asked
to be made in favor of railroad iron that has
heretofore been contracted for so very slight
a concession at least should be made.
I do not think- that, considering the grand
character, the colossal character of the enter-
prises of these railroads, running from ocean to
ocean, the amendments which have been put
upon them, for what purpose I do not care now
to say, but for one that is very apparent, to give
them strength in this body and in the other by
making the companies buy their iron from
certain shops, are, to my mind, exceedingly
small in proportion to the enterprise itself. 1
trust the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina will be adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not propose to go j
into an argument further than to say that we
are making donations of land to construct a
railroad across the continemt. The Govern-
ment itself is chiefly engaged in doing this by
making donations of land. We have abun-
dance of iron ore in the United States, enough
to circle the earth with a dozen railroads if
properly wrought out; and I do think that it
becomes the honor as well as the credit of the
United States to furnish its own iron to con-
struct these roads.
That is all I have to say upon that subject.
I do not think it a small business by any means,
as the honorable Senator from Delaware seems
to regard it, but one which concerns the na- j
tional interest and the national honor.
Mr. SAWYER. I concur entirely with the
opinions which have been expressed by the
honorable Senator from Delaware in reference
to the bad policy of putting this requirement
into the bill at all. I attempted the other even-
ing to get the whole clause stricken out, but
failed. It seems to be understood that one
part of the consideration for this grant of land
is that the company shall pay large tributes to
certain manufacturers of railroad iron or steel,
and it does seem to me that even if you adopt
a policy which will make this company buy
their iron of American manufacturers, where
there is a grant of public lands for the road, it
is not proper and creditable to compel the
company to buy their railroad iron of certain
manufactures for parts of the road where there
are no grants of public lands. Nor is it proper
to compel the roads which may consolidate
with this new line of road, and which may have
purchased iron that is not delivered, but which
notwithstanding they are bound to take, to buy
their iron over again of these American manu-
facturers. 1 think the amendment suggested
by the Senator from Michigan is one calcu-
lated to do injustice, possibly, to the parties
who may have already contracted for iron.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think so. I think,
when the Senator from South Carolina requires
us to insert such a clause as his amendment is,
he opens abroad field for fraud and collusion.
Who can tell whether it is now purchased or
not? What is the evidence of it? IIow is it
to be ascertained ? Bat if, on the other hand,
it has been honestly and fairly purchased, and
delivered as any article of merchandise is, then ';
the question is settled; the proprietorship of i;
it has passed from the vendor to the vendee.
The same is true in case it is in transit. !]
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to inquire of the Sen- ;|
ator from South Carolina whether he intends ;l
in this amendment to refer to iron that has I;
been heretofore purchased? ii
Mr. SAWYER. Yes. sir. 1
Mr.DRAKE. Thenlauggestthattheamend- ;
merit does not express that, but that it would
be construed to refer to the iron which may
have been purchased by any one of these com- ;j
panies prior to the time of the association or |
consolidation with this company. It is neces- |
sary to put in the word "heretofore," so as to i
read "may have heretofore been purchased." 1
Mr. HOWARD. "And delivered."
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to put-
ting in "heretofore," but I do object to putting
in " delivered."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina will
be modified by inserting the word'' heretofore.''
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator from South Carolina to the fact
that if it is the roads that are to consolidate
with the Texas Pacific railroad that he wishes
to protect against the operation of this provis-
ion his amendment is not necessary. This
proviso in the eighth section roads:
Provided further. That in the construction of said
railroad American iron or steel only shall be used.
"Said railroad" refers to the railroad men-
tioned in thepreceding part of the section, which
is the Texas Pacific railroad, the one running
from Marshall to San Diego, so that the pro-
vision has no application to any road with
which the Texas Pacific may consolidate. I
trust the amendment will be withdrawn, and
that the proviso will be permitted to stand just
as it is. I concur in all that has been said by
the Senator from Michigan in regard to the
propriety of this proviso, and I think it would
be hard to convince anybody of the propriety
of voting away to railroads American lands,
for the purpose of buying and bringing here
either British or any other kind of foreign rail-
road iron.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina will insist on his
amendment, and that the amendment proposed
by the honorable Senator from Michigan to
that amendment will not be concurred in. It
is better, I think, that members of this body
should be plain with each other. It is well
known that the State of Texas has granted a
large body of land to a railroad company for a
road from Marshall, or some such point, to the
western side of Texas, a distance of something
like seven hundred miles. This bill has been
drawn with a, view of enabling this new corpor-
ation to consolidate with that old company if
it is still in existence. It is well known that
that company has contracted for alarge amount
of iron, a large number of engines, and rolling
stock. I suppose the honorable Senator from
South Carolina desires to frame this bill so as
to enable this new corporation to avail itself
of those contracts if it chooses to do so, and
that is all there is in it.
Mr. NYE. That is done.
Mr. HARLAN. I think his amendment, if
adopted, will effect that object; and it is reason-
able and right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mich-
igan to the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina, to insert the words '' and deliv-
ered" after " purchased."
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; there being, on a division—ayes 13,
noes 25.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I presume my friend from
South Carolina does not intend this amendment
to authorize any consolidation which the bill
itself does not otherwise authorize.
Mr. SAWYER. Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move, therefore, to
amend the amendment by inserting before the
word " consolidate " the word " lawfully." It
now reads " may consolidate." I would make
it Fead " 'may lawfully consolidate."
Mr. SAWYER. 1 accept that modification,
though I do not see any use in it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. In lino eighty-two of sec-
tion one I move to strike out the word " twenty"
before tho word "thousand" and insert "one
i hundred."
Mr. DRAKE. I inquire what the effect of
this is ?
Mr. SPENCER. The object of this amend-
ment is that one hundred thousand shares shall,
in good faith, be subscribed before the com-
pany can be organized. I want an actual, bona,
fide company.
Mr. DRAKE. That is one hundred thou-
sand shares of $100 each?
Mr. SPENCER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. That would be $10,000,000.
The other would be $2,000,000. I would
inquire what amount was required to be sub-
scribed in the other Pacific railroads?
Mr. SPENCER. It will require sixty or
seventy million dollars to build this railroad,
and I want a bona fide company.
Mr. DRAKE. I think this road should be
required to have as much stock subscribed as
was required of the other Pacific roads.
Mr. HARLAN. Twenty thousand shares,
I think, was the amount required in the Union
Pacific.
Mr. DRAKE. Then let it be twenty thou-
sand in this.
Mr. SPENCER. I will modify my amend-
ment by striking out one hundred thousand
and making it fifty thousand. I move to strike
out "twenty" and insert "fifty." That will
be $5,000,000 capital.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope this amendment will
not be concurred in. The other roads had a
large amount of land; this road has a small
land grant. I hope the amendment will be
voted down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama, as modified.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 15, nays 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Cor-
beft, Edmunds, Harlan, Howard, Kellogg, Osborn,
Pool, Robertson, Schurz, Scott, Spenccr, and Tip-
ton—15. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling. Cragin. Hamlin, Harris, Johnston, McCreery,
McDonald, Nye, Vomeroy, Rice, lloss, Sawyer,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,Vickcrs.Warncr, Wiltey,
Williams, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cattell, Davis,
Drake, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Howe,
Howell, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Norton, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey,
Rev els, Sauls bury, Sh erman, Sprague, Thayer/lhur-
man, Trumbull, and Yates—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to make a verbal
correction in one or two names in the amend-
ment adopted on the motion of the Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.] In the seventeenth
line the name " J. M. Liddie" should be " J.
II. Leddie."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. NYE. I want to know if it is not in
ordev to correct the spelling of names without
an order of the Senate ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The correc-
tion must be made in the Senate before the
bill passes.
Mr. WARNER. In line twenty-one "E.
S. Barney" should be "E. G. Barney."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. WARNER. I inquire of the chairman
whether "John S. Sprague" shouldnotbe " J.
W. Sprague?"
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know. _ It is not
in the list embraced in the original .bill-
Mr. WARNER. I think that should be
" J. W. Sprague."
Mr. HOWARD. In the original bill it is
spelled "John T. Sprague."
Mr. WARNER. It is in the twenty-seventli
line. It should be " J. W." instead of " John
S. Sprague."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. NYE. The name "A. P. R. Safford"
should be "A. P. K. Safford."
