1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3023
bat «n act of justioe that this till should be
passed to refund it to his executor. I could
state in a few moments the result of the recent i
decision in the case, and I thiuk that would
obviate all objections to the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. The view which I take
of the matter is this 
Mr. SCOTT. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Kansas I will state in a very few
words the result of the recent decision in the
case.
Mr. POMEROY. I hare no objection to
that. .
Mr. SCOTT. After the first decree was
made, as the clerk was about reading, a bill
of review was filed, and upon an examination
of the testimony in full the former decree was
vacated. The money raised from the sale of
the Stale bonds of Indiana had Iteen divided
by the decree of the court, adjudging one half
to the United States and one half to the in-
formers, after the payment of expenses. The
one half adjudged to the United States had
been paid into the Treasury. The one half
adjudged to the informers had not yet been
paid to them. After a lull hearing upon the
bill of review the former decree was vacated,
and the one half which had been adjudged to
the informers was paid over, under that subse-
quent decree, to Mr. Miller. Ho came into
court, and waiving, perhaps, objections which
he might have made to receiving that amount
of money, $41,000, when really he ought to
have received over $50,000, he accepted it.
Now, then, the other half, which is in the
Treasury of the United States, being $41,000
more, is what is here claimed, and that money
is by the decree of the circuit court of Indiana
adjudged to be the property of Mr. Miller, he
having been shown to be the victim of a con-
spiracy gotten up by persons in Indiana to rob
him of his monev.
Mr. HOWARD. And in New York.
Mr. SCOTT. And in New York. It is not
necessary to detail the circumstances which
led to that conviction. The honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana himself yesterday, after
having made the objection, stated, on looking
into the report, that he knew it to be a most
nefarious conspiracy upon the part of certain
persons in Indiana and New York. Mr. Miller
was an undoubted adherent of the Government.
He had these bonds in bis possession in Vir-
ginia. He refused to deliver them up to this
man, who by some means got through the rebel
lines for the very purpose of getting them out
of his hands and defrauding him of them; and,
failing in getting them out of Mr. Miller's hands
by false pretenses, be then came back, and hav-
ing got a memorandum of the number of them,
entered into this conspiracy, which resulted in
the judicial proceedings in the State of Indiana
in the absence of Mr. Miller, and in a decree
against him. It is simply a case in which the
Government is now asked to refund to the estate
of Mr. Miller the money which came into the
Treasury as the result of this conspiracy against
Mr. MiHer.
The reading of the report was concluded.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish simply to say one
word. During the last session, I think it was,
while I was a member of the Committee on
Claims, this matter was referred to me for ex-
amination, and I went through all the proceed-*
ings. 1 had a copy of the proceedings of the
court in Indiana before me, and I investigated
the case very carefully; and I think the report
which has just been read was written by myself.
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I came to the conclusion
that Mr. Miller was the victim of a most scan-
, dalous conspiracy, and that the Government
was justly indebted to him in the sum which
had been placed in the Treasury under a formal
judicial sale ordered in Indiana. I think the
claim is a very just one, and the bill ought to
be passed.
Mr. POMEROY. The theory of the case, as
it struck me on hearing the report, was like
this: those bonds were confiscated t they were
not taken or sold, because they could not be;
Miller held them all the time. At a subsequent
session of the court that judgment was pro-
nounced a nullity. That made those bonds
good in his own hands. That ia oue view of
the case. Another ia that if you now pay him
the parties who bought the bonds will have a
claim on us. One theory or the other must be
true, and this bill ought not to pass as I under-
stand it—I have not investigated it—until some
one can make that point clear.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator from Kansas
will permit an explanation, I think I can sat-
isfy him on that point. The decree of the court
directed new bonds to be issued by the State
of Indiana in lieu of those which were adjudged
to be void in the hands of Mr. Miller. Those
new bonds were issued. This bill directs the
executors of Mr. Miller to deposit in the Treas-
ury the old bonds which were in his possession,
and leaves the question, if there be one arising,
for a contest between the owner of the old bonds
and the new bonds, to be decided by the State
of Indiana. Mr. Miller cannot claim the bonds,
because he is required to deposit them ia the
Treasury when he receives the money.
Mr. POMEROY. Do 1 understand the
Senator to say that he gave up the old bonds ?
Mr. SCOTT. The bill, if now passed, re-
quires him to give them up when he receives
the money at the Treasury Department.
Mr. POMEROY. Whataboutthenew bonds?
Mr. SCOTT. Tho new bonds were issued
under the decree of the court, and that will
leave the question to be settled by the State
of Indiana, whether they will take the new
bonds or the old ones. There will be no holder
of the old bonds.
Mr. POMEROY. What becomes of the
man who bought these bonds and paid his
money for them ? Supposing they are all pro-
nounced a nullity, what becomes of that pur-
chaser?
Mr. SCOTT. He has all the bonds in his pos-
session issued by the State of Indiana. These
bonds will be deposited in the Treasury of the
United States. They will not claim them, and
of course the State of Indiana cannot be called
upon to pay any more than one set of bonds.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me ask the Senator,
if the decree was void under which these new
bonds were issued, what were the bonds good
for? The bonds were void.
Mr. HOWARD. Let Indiana settle that
question.
Mr. SCOTT. Then the owner of the new
bonds can come here and with the assent of
the State of Indiana get the old bonds depos-
ited in the United States Treasury.
Mr. P0 MERO Y. I do not see it clear enough
to vote for the bill, I confess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand it
either. I should like to know, when these
bonds were sold, if somebody did not buy
them ?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That somebody paid for
them, as I understand it, eighty-odd thousand
dollars?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What has be got?
Mr. SCOTT. He has the new bonds which
the court directed to be issued.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are in the hands
of the purchaser?
Mr. SCOTT. They are in the hands of the
purchaser. The State of Indiana issued them,
in obedience to the decree of the court, ana
now, in order to protect the State of Indiana,
before the claimant is paid, his executor is
required to give up the old bonds, so that there
canbe but oue obligation against the State of
Indiana.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think this bill had better
go over for further consideration. I should like
to look into it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont object?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
MESSAGE PROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Isaac Strohm, one of its clerks,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 1866) to relieve certain persons
therein named from the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
DI8TKI0T TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Cal-
endar will now be proceeded with at the point
where its consideration was left off yesterday.
The first bill was the bill (S. No. 5'J4) to
provide a government for the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not tj)\nk it will be of
any advantage to read that bill. We cannot
pass it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very important.
Mr. CRAGIN. I object to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read. ^
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order if objected to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am willing that it shall be
read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not be any
good. It will be a waste of time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very much in favor
of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. NinetenthsoftheSenateare.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not allow a vote to
be taken on it?
Mr. CRAGIN. I understand the order
we are acting under is to go on with bills not
objected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such is the
rule. The next bill will be read.
KANSAS PACIFIC RAILWAY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 458) to authorize and aid the Kansas
Pacific Railway Company to extend and con-
struct its railroad and telegraph line to El
Paso, in New Mexico.
Mr. KELLOGG. I object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I should be very much
gratified if I could get unanimous consent to
take up House bill No. 1665, for the removal
of the disabilities of some Texans recently
elected to the Legislature and to other offices
in the State. The Legislature was to meet
yesterday, and it would be a great favor to pass
it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas asks unanimous consent to
take up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am appealed to very strongly
to withdraw the objection to the territorial bill.
I do not care about it personally. If the Sen-
ate chooses to take up time to read it and
consider it, let it go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Texas asks unanimous consent to con-
sider a bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let this go on first.
DI8TRICT TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill
iS. No. 594) to provide a government for the
)istrict of Columbia.
Before the reading was completed,
Mr. SCHURZ. This is a very important bill,
and I think it likely that it is a very good one.
I may vote for it; but it ought to be consid-
ered, and so I object to its present consider-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over, and the next bill will be read.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not let the reading be
finished?
