1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2079
ask to have the excess of interest paid back.
I think that that permission to sue for repay-
ment ought to be disallowed. If when pay
day comes the debtor comes voluntarily up
and pays the sum which he had agreed to pay
above six per cent., let that be the end of it.
But do not let us force him to pay it. Do not
give the creditor the advantage of the law over
him. The banks all over the country would
be satisfied with that. So would you, and 1,
and everybody who might have money to loan.
Do you think a man of capital would loan
money to any man whom he expected to have
to sue? When a note is presented to a bank
to be discounted they would refuse to discount
if they expected that when pay day came it
would be protested and that they would have
to sue the maker of it. I would suggest to the
gentleman in charge of the bill that such an
act as this would be sufficient. Let the law
simply say, "Hands off on this subject; we
will not compel you to pay any man more than
six per cent., and we will impose no penalty
on a bank or corporation or an individual who
takes a higher rate, if you pay it voluntarily."
My colleague from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] was in the senate of the State of Penn-
sylvania when we adopted that law, and I think
that he will agree with me that we have found
it to work well.
Mr. RANDALL. That is the result of
Pennsylvania legislation, induced by experi-
611c6.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
a remark ortwoon this subject, whichis one in
which I feel adeep interest. I have always been
a strict adherent of the principle that no higher
rate of interest than six per cent, should be al-
lowed, and I would be glad to have that princi-
ple applied to-day to the District of Columbia,
if it could be carried out; but I desire to bring
under the consideration of the House what is the
condition of affairs here. It has been stated
thatwe want to protect the peopl e from sharpers,
and from those who would take extravagant in-
terest from them for the use of their money.
Now, as I understand it, the bill as reported
is precisely for that purpose. This District is
surrounded by the States of Maryland and
Virginia. In the State of Virginia the legal
rate of interest is twelve per cent., and in the
State of Maryland it is ten per cent. People
from Maryland and Virginia would be very
glad to invest their money here if they could
receive the same rate of interest for it that
they do in the States of Maryland and Vir-
ginia. The condition of things here at present
is such that persons who wish to borrow money
are left entirely at the mercy of sharpers, loan-
ers of money. I am credibly informed that
there are men in this city who are loaning
money to day at the enormous rate of ten per
cent, a month, and I know individuals person-
ally who are borrowing money at that rate of
interest.
Mr. WELKER. They can do it because
they run the risk of losing the whole debt-
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I know they run
that risk, but every one who has ever loaned
or borrowed money knows very well how easy
it is to evade all laws pertaining to the loaning
and hiring of money, and it is done to the
greatest extent in this city. Persons who wish
to borrow money are now beseeching Repre-
sentatives and every one that has anything to
do with the enactment of laws in this District
to give them the privilege of contracting, if
they will, for a higher rate of interest than six
per cent. I would not vote for a higher rate
of interest than six per cent, in this District
if the adjoining States were in the same posi-
tion ; but they are not, and hence persons here
who want to borrow money are left at the
mercy of moncy-Ioaners in this District at
just such interest as they please to demand.
Now, I ask if it is not far better for us to give
to the people of this District a law that shall
in some ineasure conform to the laws of the
surrounding States than to provide that there
shall be no more than six per cent, paid on any
condition or upon any bargain, and just leave
the people here at the mercy of sharpers who
will take every possible advantage of them ? I
believe, as I said before, that the rate of inter-
est should be in some way defined by statute ;
and that there should be a better opportunity
to loan and borrow money in this District than
there now is, I can have no question.
Mr. COOK. Before calling for a vote on
the bill I yield to the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Maynabd] to offer an amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to amend the
bill so as to make it correspond with the Senate
bill in fixing the maximum of interest at eight
per cent. I move to strike out the words "ten
per cent.'1 where they occur in the second and
third sections, and to insert " eight per cent.-''
in lieu thereof.
Mr. COOK. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. I move the previous question.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to say a word upon
that amendment.
Mr. COOK. I cannot yield now.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was not allowed to
speak in favor of my amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to say a word or
two only on the amendment.
Mr. COOK. I yield to the gentleman for a
moment.
Mr. COBURN. It strikes me that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] would destroy the entire effect of
that provision of the bill. The only object in
allowing the rate of six per cent, to be increased
by contract is to facilitate the loaning of money,
and if you enlarge it only to eight per ceut. it
will not give much additional facility. We all
know very well that money cannot be borrowed
for anything like six or eight per cent. You
may go Irom one end of the country to the
other, and unless it be in some of the great
cities, with which I am not much acquainted,
you will find that the rate is ten or twelve per
cent. The complaint in this city is that it is very
much higher than twelve per cent., away up to
twenty and thirty per cent. What good isitgoing
to do to allow eight per cent, to be collectcu
upon contract? Let the rate of interest go as
high as ten per cent. I would vote to allow
it to go as high as twelve per cent.; not that I
would favor that rate at all, but if parties
desired it I would allow them by law to make
contracts for interest to that amount.
Icannotagree withthegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofielt)] that the Pennsylva-
nia rale is the best one. That rule allows only
six per cent, interest to be collected, and is
about the same as the law in this District, ex-
cept in regard to the question of forfeiture.
Men will not loan money for only six percent,
if the wants of the community will justify a
higher rate of interest; you may by law fix
the rate at six per cent., but theywill manage
in some way to get around the law and obtain
more.
Mr. ARCHER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] allow me to correct a state-
ment that has been made here?
Mr. COOIv. I will yield to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] who has
moved an amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Archer] to make his
statement.
Mr. ARCHER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] stated that the rate of interest
allowed by law in Marylaud was over six per
cent. The law fixes the legal rate at six per
cent., and leaves it optional with the debtor
whether he will plead usury as to the additional
per cent.
Mr. COOK. Theroisa billbeforethe Legis-
lature of Marylaud to alter that law.
Mr. ARCHER. Yes; but I do not think it
will pass.
Mr. MAYNARD. If there were anything
in the argument addressed to the House by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburn] or his
colleague, [Mr. Kerr,] it would go to the ex-
tent that this and all similar bills should not
become laws; thatmoney should be left entirely
free; that every man should be allowed to get
as much as he possibly can for the use of his
money. Now, why is it, upon what principle
is it that we pass any laws of this sort? It is
an old maxim, one among the oldest, that the
borrower is the ssrvant of the lender. It has
been found necessary by the experience of
mankind for centuries to restrict traffic in
money. Money does notstand upon the same
footing as any article of merchandise, for the
reason that everybody is compelled to have
money, and only a very few have it in suffi-
cient quantities to lend. The rate of eight per
cent, proposed by the Senate bill is one per
cent, more than the legal rate of interest in
the city of New York, the great commercial
center of this country. It is as much as the
great body of borrowers can afford to pay.
You must recollect that we are to legislate for
the great body of borrowers, of men who are
always in the power of lenders, the poor men,
the mechanics and artisans, men who borrow
small sums of money. The men who borrow
large sums and for a few days at a time can
give just such interest as they please. Those
who lend to them make their negotiations out-*
side of the law and without regard to the law
and trust to the sentiment of personal honor
as between man and man. Theywill ask and
receive not merely ten per cent., but twenty,
fifty, and even a hundred per cent, for a lim-
ited time. But such rates are limited to per-
sonal transactions outside of the law. We are
legislating now for the great body of borrowers,
the men of small means, the poor people ; and
I think that eight percent, is as much as should
be allowed to be taken from them.
Mr. COOK. I now ask for a vote on the
bill and amendment.
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Maynard, to fix the legal rate of in-
terest at eight per cent, instead of ten per
cent.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 28, noes 68; no quorum
voting.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. As no quorum voted on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Maynard,] I will ask far the yeas
and nays on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first appoint
tellers if the gentleman does not insist on his
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well.
Mr. Cook and Mr. Holman were appointed
to act as tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 35, noes 79.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN said: I ask for the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 16, noes 73.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays. I do not see why gen-
tlemen should be afraid to go on the record
upon this question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. We are not afraid to
go on the record; but when the sense of the
House has been so clearly declared against the
proposition it is needless to waste time in call-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment of Mr. Maynard was not
agreed to. .
The question recurred on the substitute
reported by the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
On the question there were—ayes 7o, noes
20; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
