2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
tellers; and appointed Mr. Kelsey and Mr.
Ingeusoiju
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 101, noes 17.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The question being on ordering the bill as
amended to be read a third time,
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. This is a Senate bill, and
does not require to be engrossed.
The bill was read a third time.
Mr. HOAR. I ask that by unanimous con-
sent the words "or implied" be struck out.
It is very manifest that there would' be no agree-
ment to which those words would be applicable.
There being no objection the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sutho tunnel.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a report of a minority of the Committee
on Mines and Mining upon the bill (H. R. No.
117'J) explanatory of the act of July 25, 1866,
relating to the Sutro tunnel; which wasordered
to be printed.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
Mr. STONE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back with iimetid-
ments a bill (S. No. 425) to extend the time
for the completion of the lateral branch of the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad, authorized
by the act approved February 5, 1867, and to
change the location in the city of Washington
along the bank of the canal.
The bill was read. The preamble recites that
a charter was granted by act of Congress
approved February 5,1867, giving to the Balti-
more and Potomac Railroad Company tlie
privilege of constructing a lateral branch of
their railroad into the District of Columbia and
the city of Washington; that under the act the
time lor the completion of the lateral branch
was within four years from the passage of the
act; that the work on the line of the road within
the city of Washington is very heavy and will
consume along time in its construction, and
that the work has already been delayed by
submitting the plans and location to Congress
for their approval. The bill provides for the
repeal of the seventh section of the act to au-
thorize the extension, construction, and use of
a lateral branch of the Baltimoreand Potomac
railroad into and within the District of Colum-
bia ; and the time for the completion of the
lateral branch of the Baltimore and Potomac
railroad is extended to the 1st day of February,
1875. The second section authorizes the com-
pany to adopt a line in the city of Washington
from South Fourth street, curving to the right,
either to the north or south bank of the canal,
northwestwardly to Virginia avenue.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows:
In section two striko out all after the enacting
clause, and insert in lieu thereof the followiner:
Xhat the said company, if it shall so eleet, is hereby
authorized to adopt a line in the city of Washington
from some point west of east fourth street in the
line designated in the act of Congress approved
March 18, 1800, as passin? along south K street,
thence crossing to and passing along tho south bank
of the canal to south Capitol street, and thence
northwestwardly to Virginia avenue, there inter-
secting and passing along the line dcsci'ibed in said
act approved March Is, 1SGJ, as passing along Vir-
ginia avenue northwestwardly to the intersection
of south O and west Jfinth streets.
Mr. STONE. 1 can explain the amendment
in a few words. It does not make any mate-
rial change in the bill, but merely changes the
phraseology. The bill describes one of the
streets as11 south Fourth street,'' when it should
be " east Fourth street.f)
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STONE. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. STONE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jail fob the district of columbia.
Mr. STONE, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. COS, to amend
the act entitled " An act authorizing the con-
struction of a jail in and for the District of
Columbia,1' approved July 25, 1866, with a
substitute.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
in lieu thereof tlie following:
That the selection of a. site for the erection of a
jail in the District of Columbia, made by the Sec-
retary of the Interior under and by virtue of laws
heretofore enacted, be, and the same is hereby, sus-
pended; and that any plan or plans heretofore ap-
proved by the said Secretary for the erection of such
jail be, and the same arc hereby, rejected; and that
any and ail contracts heretofore entered into by the
said Secretary for the construction of such jail be,
and the same are hereby, declared null and void,
and not in accordance with the laws authorizing the
adoption of plans and the execution of contraetsfor
the purpose aforesaid.
&bu. 2. And be it further enacted, Xhat the Secre-
tary of tho Interior, mayor of the city of Washing-
ton, and the chief justice of the supreme court of
tho JDibtiictof Columbia be, and are hereby, author-
ized to sclect a site tor the election of a new jail in
the District of Columbia upon some of the public
grounds in the city of Washington belonging to the
United State;-; andwhensaidsite shallbesoselected
a certificate of such selection shall be iilcdinthe
Department of tbo Interior.
Sac. 3. And be it further enacted. That in case a site
should be selected, as provided for in the preceding
section, the Secretary of theluteriorphallforthwith
give notice thereof to the architect of the Capitol
extension, whose duty it snail be to prepare suitable
plans and specifications for the conbtructiou of i-uch
jail upon the sito so selected, of sufficient dimen-
sions to accommodate not less than two hundred
persons, and so designed that said jail may, it neces-
sary at some future time, bo so enlarged as to ac-
commodate not less than throe hundied persons,
without interfering with tho harmony of thegenerai
design; and the plans and specifications made in pur-
suance of tho foregoing provisions shall be submitted
to the said Secretary, mayor, and chief justice, and
shall be subject to their approval; andsaidplansand
specifications, when approved by them, shall ;>e de-
posited in the Department of the interior.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That as soon as
said plans andspccificationsshallharc been adopted
and certified as aforesaid tho Secretary of tho Inte-
rior shall causc ajail,in accordance therewith,to be
constructed on said site, under tue superintendence
and direction of the architect of the Capitol exten-
sion. who shall furnish all necessary working plans,
butshailnot be entitled to receive any additional pay
fur his servic.es; an'd for that purpose the said Secre-
tary of the Interior may contract with "William H.
Allen, whoso agreement under the law of July 25,
18bo, is hereby set aside, to construct the jail asstip-
ulatedin this act, provided he will abandon all claims
under the former contract except lor materials fur-
nished find work actually done, and will bind him-
self, as hereinafter set forth, to complete said jail,
on such terms as the said Secretary may deem advan-
tageous to the Government; but failing in this he
shall publish a notice for proposals for the construc-
tion thereof, for at least thirty days, in a leading
newspaper in the city of Washington, which notice
shall specify a place m the said city where the plans
and specifications can be seen, and a time when tho
contract shall be let; and said Secretary shall let the
work in one contract, or inseparatecontracts, to tho
lowest and best bidder, who shall give satisfactory
bonds with sufficient sureties, to be approved in
writing by said Secretary, for the faithful completion
of the work according to contract, and to the satis-
faction of said Secretary; Provided, however, That
said Secretary may reject all bids if he deem them
unreasonably high and unworthy of acceptance,
and shall reject all that are above tho sum of
$200,000: And provided further, That no bid shall
be considered unless it bo accompanied with a
satisfactory bond in the sum ot $10,090, conditioned
that the bidder shall enter into the contract, if it be
awarded him, and give the security required by this
act for the completion of tho work, or pay to the
United States the difference between his bid and the
one on which the contract shall be finally awarded
and let. In tho event of the rejection of ail bids
new advertisements shall immediatelybepublished,
as herein directed, and new bids be received by said
Secretary. And said contracts, when completed,
shall be filed in the Department of the Interior.
Sec. 5. And be it further cnacted, That the unex-
pended portion of the appropriation heretoforemado
by the act of July 25,1866, for the purpose of build-
ing a jail in saidDistrict of Columbia is hereby con-
tinued and renewed for said purpose, and provided
the said jail shall not cost to exceed the sum of
|200,000; and the contract price shall be paid in
monthly installments, according to contract, as the
work progresses, upon the certificate of the architect
having direction of the work, except that twenty per
cent, of all estimates shall be retained as security
until the completion of the entire work. It shall bo
the duty of said Secretary to insert in the contract
all such reasonable and usual provisions, conditions,
and safeguards as he shall deem necessary for tho
protection of the United States, without specifying
the same in theadvertisementforproposals; and the
Secretary of thelnterior is authorized, after thencw
jail is completed, to sell at public sale, on reason-
able notice thereof, the materials of the old jail, now
loeated on Judiciarysquare, and to pay thcprocceds
into the Treasury of the United States.
Sec.O. Andbe it further cnacted. That said Secretary
be, and is hereby, authorized to receive from Charles
A. Weidner, to be used in said jail, so much and no
more of the iron which ho heretofore contracted to
furnish for said jail as shall be suitable to bo used
under the new plans and specifications herein di-
rected to be procured, at the prices at which bo form-
erly contracted to furnish the same: and in advertising
and letting a new contract said Secretary shall pro-
vide for turning in all iron which shall be received
from said Weidner under this section, as part pay-
ment for building the jail, at the price at which tho
same is furnished by said Weidner.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That for the pur-
pose of reimbursing the United States for a part of
the costof said jail it shall be the duty of tho proper
authorities of the city of Washington, who have
power to levy and collcct taxes for general city pur-
poses therein, and they are hereby required to raiso
by tax or otherwise, and pay into the Treasury of
the United States, at or before the time of the com-
pletion of saidj ail, aud before the 1st day of July, A.D.
1872, the sum of $78,000; and it shall be the like duly
of the like proper authorities of the city of George-
town, and they are hereby required to raise by tax
or otherwise, and pay into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States at or before the time last, aforesaid, the
sum of $12,000; and it shall be the like duty of the
like proper authorities of tbecounty of Washington,
in said District, and they are hereby required to
raise by tax or otherwise, and pay into the Treas-
ury of the United States, at or before the time last
aforesaid, the sum of §10,000, which said several sums
shall bo deemed the fair proportion of the cost ofsaid
jail of said cities and county respectively; and the
proper authorities having power to assess, levy, and
collect taxes for city and county purposes in Raid
cities and countyrespectively are hereby authorized
and required to assess, levy, and collect upon and
from taxable property within their several jurisdic-
tions and control taxes sufficient to pay the amount
so as aforesaid required of said cities and county
respectively, and to pay such amounts into tbeUni-
ted States Treasury.
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That all laws or
parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this
act be, and the same arc hereby, repealed.
Mr. COBURN. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland to yield to me for some remarks upon
this bill.
Mr. STONE. How long does the gentle-
man desire?
Mr. COBURN. Half an hour.
Mr. STONE. I prefer to give an explanation
of the bill myself first.
Mr. COBURN. I wish a part of the time.
I do not think a bill of this importance ought
to pass without discussion. I suggest that, the
bill contains an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
that point of order?
Mr. COBUBN. I do.
Mr. STONE. It does not make any appro-
priation.
Mr. COBURN. It does appropriate money
by continuing and renewing the unexpended
balances.
Mr. WELKER. There is an old appropri-
ation for building a jail, which by one of the
sections is continued for the same purpose. It
is good now.
Mr. COBURN. "Why continue it if it is
good? If so, it is not an appropriation that
needs renewing.
rheSPEAKER. The gentleman who makes
the point of order will please point out the
portion of the bill on which he grounds it.
Mr. COBURN". My point of order has ref-
erence to that portion of the fifth section which
provides—
That the unexpended portion of the appropriation
heretofore made by the act of July 25, I860, for the
