122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Ho. op Reps.
Grant and his Administration—Mr. Stevens.
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
and this very power, in the forty-third number
says:
" If the General Government should interpose by
virtue of its constitutional authority it will be, of
course, bound to pursue the authority. But the au-
thority extends no further than to a guarantee of a
republican form of government, which supposes a
preexisting government of the form "which is guar-
antied. As long, therefore, as the existing repub-
lican forms are continued by the States, thoy aro
guaranteed by the Federal Constitution. Whenever
tho States may choose to substitute othor republican
forms thoy have a right to do so, and to claim the
federal guarantee for the latter.
The power is not an unlimited one. The
Federal Government may not under this grant
enter the State and legislate at will for the
people. There are two distinct limitations on
tho power of the United States. The first is,
they arc bound to guaranty a republican form.
It is proper hero to inquire what is a republi-
can form. It is first a representative govern-
ment which gives the peoplo the right at all
times to alicr or abolish the existing govern-
ment and to substitute a new government, de-
riving its just powers from the consent of the
governed. This form, of government cannot
be denied to the people of the State under this
grant of power.
If it becomes necessary, and a proper occa-
sion may arise for this special and extraordi-
nary exercise of power, Congress is still lim-
ited by the general grant of legislative powers.
The general or specific powers of Congress are
aided by a special auxiliary power. If in the
exorcise of one of its primary or specific
powers it becomes necessary to exercise an
auxiliary power in order to make effective the
primary, then Congress lias such authority.
Before it can use the auxiliary power the ne-
cessity must be evident to tlio minds of just
men. It must be such a necessity as any rea-
sonable man,acting under no undue excitement,
would regard as necessary and proper. In fine,
it can only be exercised when the specific power
cannot bo exercised without such additional
power.
As thero is no specific grant to Congress to
legislate upon tho local interests or the social
institutions of a State, no such legislation can
lie exercised there without usurpation and
tyranny. This power is wholly protective of
that which exists, and is not a power to create
now forms or make new lawn. No portion of
tho reserved powors of the States and the
people can be absorbed by tho Federal Gov-
ernment. The Slate itself cannot, grant, to the
Government of the United States any portion
of these reserved rights. For instance, tho
State of Pennsylvania cannot to-day surrender
its right to representation in Congress, its right
to an elective local Legislature, its right to
control the privileges and the educational inter-
ests of its people. If Pennsylvania might do
that, and reduce herself from one of the proud
States of this Union to a condition beneath a
Territory, all tho other States insuccession, one
after the other,might do it until tho central Gov-
ernment would bo possessed of all power. Con-
gress has no authority to accept any such power,
if it were tendered by the States themselves. So
far as it is legislative at all, it does not go be-
yond granting to Congress the power to author-
ize the Executive to protect by arms an existing
State government of known and acknowledged
republican form against one anti-republican in
form.
It has been argued that tho term '' guaranty"
is a promise to do for another what lie fails to
do himself. The pledge is to maintain a re-
publican form; not to create nor make, not to
legislate for the people. It is not a promise to
go beyond the preexisting government, nor to
make a new one. If one man guaranties the
payment of a bond he is not bound to make a
new one, or to pay a more enlarged one than
the existing one he guaranties. The condi-
tion to be imposed upon Mississippi as funda-
mental, unchangeable, and irrepealable by her
people would destroy the idea of a republican
government, as it would forbid any change, no
matter what the times might demand. It is
unauthorized by the guarantee clause of the
Constitution. It would be destructive of the
spirit and life of our republican institutions.
Some of the advocates of this measure,
failing to find in the guarantee clause of the
Constitution any power to impose conditions
upon the States, affirm that the authority to
do so is derived from tho grant to admit new
States:
* 'New States may be admitted by the Congress into
this Union."—Article four, section three.
The State is already a State when applica-
tion is made, if she is entitled to admission.
The act of admission gives nothing to her; it
adds no quality; she is then a State and a
fully-appointed one; she is the equal of the
oldest and most powerful.
When we say that one State is the equal of
another, we do not mean in population, extent
of territory, fertility of soil, agricultural or min-
eral resources or wealth. She is the equal in
political rights; she has the same dignity and
worth. We mean the same that we do when
we say that one man is the equal of another ;
itis an equality ofexcellence, of rights. The
State has all the rights in the Union that any
other State has, and all the reserved rights that
any other State has. If one State could sur-
render more than another, it would ccasu to
be its equal.
Others, finding no authority in cither of tho
provisions discussed, affirm that it is derived
from the right of the State to contract or cov-
enant ; that she may make a perpetual compact
which shall bind her. Tho Federal Govern-
ment may contract with a State in reference to
such subjects as aro specified in tho Constitu-
tion and, no more. The State may do 110 more.
The State may not even in the present sur-
render any of its powers. If it did, it would
have no warrant in the Constitution, and would
not bind tho present, much less future genera-
tions. Thero is a special grant to contract for
a district for a capital. This has been exe-
cuted. States are allowed to cede dock-yards,
sites for forts, arsenals, &c. Beyond such com-
pacts they cannot go.
It has been affirmed that such conditions
were, imposed upon Kentucky and all succeed-
ing .States. The conditions imposed upon Ken-
tucky and hold valid were not 011 account of
the condition but from tho fact that it was a
consequence of her accession to the Union.
First, she was to pay her equal portion of
the revenue.
Second, the Ohio river was to remain for-
ever au unobstructed highway.
Third, she should not tax the lands of non-
residents more than those of residents.
The first two were tho results of her posi-
tion in the Union. Tho third was rendered
valid by reason of that constitutional provision
which entitles the citizens of one State to all
tho privileges and immunities of the citizens
of the other States. Here, not one of these
conditions creates any new or additional obli-
gation that would not have existed by reason
of tho admission of Kentucky into the Union.
Not one of these conditions touch the reserved
rights of tho States or the people, and as con-
ditions have no validity.
The courts have held that none of the con-
ditions, as such, have any validity. Even tho
condition imposed on Louisiana not to inter-
fere with the religious liberty of the individual
has been pronounced unconstitutional. Con-
gress is enjoined from any interference with
the religion of the individual itself, but it can-
not impose such a condition on a State, or if
it should it would bo null. Tho Ordinance of '
1787 has been declared by the court not thu
law of Ohio. Such has been the course of
judicial decisions upon the.question.
Again, it is affirmed that Congress has the
right to legislate for the Territories, and may
during that period impose such conditions. It
is true that Congress acts for the Territory
during its territorial condition, but when it
becomes a State all such authority and legis-
lation cease. The leases of the guardian cease
upon the ward's majority. They cannot bind
him perpetually. So the territorial legislation
and guardianship cease when the civic diadem
of a State crowns her brow. Those Senators
who contend for the doctrine that Congress
has the right while legislating for a Territory
to bind tho future State come too late with
their plea, oven if it were a good one, for the
present case. Mississippi is 110 longer a Terri-
tory; she is a State—a full-grown and matured
sister of tho Union. I am unable to find any
warrant for the imposition of the proposed
conditions upon the State. The circumstances
do not demand the exercise of such a power
if it did exist. To legislate for the cause of
education in tho States would be an assump-
tion of power unknown to our Constitution,
and in the end subversive of the Government.
It would tend to change fundamentally our
whole form of government, and could only oper-
ate an injury to the cause.
I cannot vote for the conditions, and must in
obedience to my convictions of duty vote against
the bill should they be imposed. I desire to
say that 1 do not consider such a vote against
the restoration of tho State to its constitutional
relations, for it is entitled to them without any
legislation on the subject. Congress has only
to admit her Senators and Representatives to
their seats and the entire work of restoration
is complete, and that according to law and the
Constitution. I might fondly hope that such
a course would commend itself to the better
judgment of the Senate had not these condi-
tions been imposed before. It can do no good.
It can punish no crimes. It can avenge no
slaughtered patriots. It can never again recall
to life the honored brave who sleep their last
long sleep for their country's glory. No badge
of humility can profit any portion of the coun-
try. Each State is a part of the heritage of
every freeman. Its glory is ours, its shame is
also ours. It is tho part of a generous patriot-
ism to crown cacli State with the civic wreath
of liberty and equality. Our llag still floats
and was borne by our citizen soldiers through
the storm of a thousand bloody fields with not
a star erased nor dimmed. Such they came to
us, and so let them sliiue forever.
Grant and his Administration.
SPEECH OF HON. A. P. STEVENS,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In the House of Representatives,
February 19, 1870,
Tho llouso being in (Jommittoo of the Wholo on tlio
stato of tho Union on the President's annual mes-
sage.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, 011 the 4th
of March last tho peoplo of this country hailed
with satisfaction and confidence tho accession
of a pure Republican Administration to na-
tional power. With general acclaim the distin-
guished patriot, now President of the Repub-
lic, passed from his career of glory in the mili-
tary service of his country to that still prouder
position where, as the citizen ruler of a free
Republic, he foreshadowed the policy which
was to mark and direct his administration ot
the affairs of a people whose possessions now
span the continent, and whose progress in pros
