4912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to make a verbal
correction on page4, line seventy-four, to make
the bill conform with the amendments already
adopted. I move to change the word 44 quo-
rum " into " majority 5" so as to read :
It shall bo the dufcyof said board of commissioners
to open, or cause to bo opened, books at such timo
and such places in the United States as they or a
majority of them may determine, &c.
ThePRESIDIN& OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The name of the road, it
will strike all Senators, is local; it is "Texas
Pacific railroad.'' I understand the House com-
mittee have already agreed on another name,
being the "Southern Transcontinental," and,
as that is logical in every way and a much
better name than the other, I rise to propose
that wherever the term "Texas Pacific" oc-
curs it be struck out and " Southern Trans-
continental" substituted, if there is no objec-
jection, and 1 hope there can bo no objec-
tion 
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a national name, a
logical name, and the other is not.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad had that matter under special
consideration, and after thinking of the sub-
ject in various forms agreed on that name. I
think it is a very good name, it is short, ex-
pressive, and is logical, because the line begins
in Texas and ends on the Pacific. The other
name has been appropriated by the Memphis
and El Paso company in their operations, and
is not in very good credit., as I had occasion a
few evenings ago to show. I hope the name
will not be changed.
, Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. OSBORN. , I move that the name
"George W. Wentworth," in lines three and
four of the amendment adopted on the motion
of the Senator from Nevada, be changed to
"George E. Wentworth."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. WARNER. I move, in line fifty-seven of
section one. on page 3, to strikeout ''fifteen"
and insert in lieu thereof the words "a ma-
jority." I call the attention of the Senator
'from Arkansas [Mr. Rioe] to this point. If
amended as I propose the clause wili read:
The persons hereinbefore named are hereby ap-
pointed commissioners, undshall bocnllecl the board
of commissioners of thoTexasPaciiiellaiho.id Com-
pany, and a majority shall constitute a quorum bli-
the transaction of business.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I move further to amend
by inserting alter the word "Tribune," in line
sixty-three of that section, the words " and
New Orleans Republican ;" so as to have noticc
at each end of the country.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am much obliged to the
Senator. I was about to offer the same amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. 1 farther move to amend,
iti line seventy of the same section, by insert-
ing after the word " secretary" the words " by
order," so that '• the president and secretary,
by order of said board, shall call other meet-
ings." ire. I ask the chrirman if he has any
objection to that?
ilr. McDONALD. That amendment is not
practicable. The board could not be got to-
gether to order the'president, and secretary.
Mr. WARNER. If the chairman objects to
u f will withdraw it.
Mi. 110 WARD. Il had better not be putin.
Mi. WARNER. I withdraw it. Now. 1
miiv1 to insert, after " thereof," in line seventy-
tw\ the words " and shall give the same notice
as rcquiied for '.he firstmeoting ;" so that there
shall be duo notice of meeting.
Mr. SAWYER. It seems to me that will
lead to a great deal of trouble, and will make
it impossible to have a meeting sometimes.
Sometimes it will be necessary to haveameet-
ing on a sudden emergency, and it would be
impossible to give regular notice.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me entreat the honor-
able Senator from Alabama to allow us to take
a vote upou the bill. I think it is as perfect as
we shall be able to make it.
Mr. WARNER. I think there are some cor-
rections that ought to be made. I withdraw
this amendment; but I move to amend further
in the ninety-fourth line, after the word "rote,"
by inserting the following proviso :
Provided, That no election of directors shall bo
valid whereat loss than the majority of tho whole
amount of stock subscribed shall have been voted.
Mr. NYE. If the Senator will move that
the word'' quorum'' be changed to '' majority''
in every case, he will cover all that is neces-
sary.
Mr. WARNER. No, that will not cover
this caso, the Senator will observe.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not see any necessity
for such a changc as this.
Mr. RICE. I do not know how you can
compel a majority of the stockholders to vote
if they do not want to.
Mr. WARNER. A very small fraction of
the stockholders that might, happen to get to-
gether ought not to bo allowed to elect a board
of directors. This is in tho interest of fair
play.
Mr. HOWARD. The law requires ample
notice, and if the stockholders do not attend
it will be their own fault.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me thai this _
is not only a very proper, but a very useful and
necessary amendment. I think it is a rule
which exists in reference to almost all elec-
tions of corporations. I know of no reason
why it should not be adhered to in reference to
this great enterprise: but there are very many
reasons why if should be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama.
The amendment was rejected; there being,
on a division—ayes 15, noes 2J.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 desire to offer one
amendment to provide for a general right of
connection with this road and the other roads
which receive benefit under this bill; and to
provide also for the right to cross these roads,
and with that view giving such roads the right
to buy any lands granted to these companies I
at double the minimum price and extending
the right of way two hundred feet through these
lands, and for the purpose of depots, stations,
side-tracks, &c., not exceeding forty acres for
such purposes at each station.
The Ch'ef Clerk"read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
And be il further eaucied. That any railroad com-
pany shall have the ri^cht to connect, with tho rail-
road ol the Texas Pacific Railroad Company, or that
of any other railroad company receiving aid under
this act, on the same terms granted to any other
company; and any railroad company whose route
crosses the route of any railroad company lecoiVins
arrant of land under this ar.r may t ross tho same,
and tor that purpose shall have a nslit to acquire
at the double minimum price all lands, whether of
tho United States or fti-outed by this act, which shall
be needed ior a ri^hl oi' wr;., two hundred foetwide,
through said lands, and for depots, stations, sido-
I tracks, and other needful purposes, not exceeding
I for such purposes forty acres al any one station,
i The question being put, it was declared that
tho noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not propose, to let
that go without some effort 
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator ask for a division?
Mr. CASSERLY. I was about to say that
I can see no reason why this provision should
be objected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator does not desire a division on the question
, his amendment is rejected,
n Mr. CASSERLY. I shall be obliged to
argue it over again when the bill comes into
the Senate, and I might as well do it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be
again moved in Committee of the Whole, but
it can be moved in the Senate. If tho Senator
wants a division, it must be called for now
before the vote is announced.
Mr. CASSERLY'. I propose to argue this
question either now or in the Senate.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment is not now before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, unless the Senator calls
for a division on the question of its adoption.
Mr. CASSERLY. Do I understand^ the
President to decide that it is not in condition
to be debated?
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. It would be
debatable by demanding a division. The Chair
decided that the noes appeared to have it, and
unless a division is called for the amendment
has passed from the consideration of the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. I propose, then, to ask
for the yeas and navs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California asks for the yeas and nays on
his araendmeut.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is now before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, one great
objection to these enormous grants of lands to
railroad companies, and the policy of giving
them great belts of territory out of which to
select them, is that, they oppose an effectual
bar to any other railroads either running par-
allel or crossing them to buiid within those
belts. I say they oppose an effectual bar, for
tho reason that it is very easy to see what
power a railroad company owning half of all
tho land within a belt of eighty or a hundred
miles, has to control the power of a new com-
pany to purchase the right of way or lands for
the necessary purpose of operating the road.
Nobody has ever given one single reason why
it is not a wise and just precaution, and one
that is due to the Government, guarding the
tenitory through which this road is to pass, to
insert such a provision in this bill; and indeed,
in my humble judgment, some similar provision
should have been in every bill of this sort. Is
it the purpose of a majority of this Senate to
give to this road a practical monopoly of the
territory through which it passes, so that no
road can be built on a parallel line, and, more
than that, no read can be built on a cross line
except after such an effort, and at so much
expense, as to be almost a practical prohibition ?
Is that the purpose? There can be no other,
as it seems to me, in voting down a section
such as that which has just been read ; and
yet I am sure Senators do not seriously set
before themselves any such idea.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. CASSE3LY. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. There is no trouble ahoat these
crossings. This franchise can he condemned
for a cro.-sing as well as private land can be
anywhere. That is the law.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator tells me
something about condemning lands. What
right h?s the Senator from Nevada to put the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company in such a
position that no other company can acquire
even a right of way without going through the
process of condemning lands which belong
now to the people of the United States, and
which before Congress gives them away should
be fenced aiound with some such provision as
I have offered? A more reasonable provision,
a mote necessary provision, it seems to me, it,
would be difficult to imagine; and yet when it
is offered there seems a disposition to vote it
down without considering it, without even offer-
ing any reason against it. There seems to be a
disposition to be content with such a suggestion
as that made by the Senator from Nevada, that
the lands can be condemned, but I do not know
