1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8969
lations for the safe-keeping and transmission of
stamps, and to provide, by contract or otherwise, for
the manufacture of them in such number and kinds,
and of such descriptions, denominations, and devices
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may re-
quire.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue may, at his discre-
tion, supply collectors with the stamps required by
them in their several districts, to be charged to and
accountod for by thorn as provided bylaw; and he
may sell to any person, in an aggregate amount of
not less than fifty dollars, any stamps, except stamps
for the taxes on distilled spirits, fermented liquors,
and tobacco, snuff, and cigars, to be paid for to the
Treasurer of the United States in the manner pro-
vided in this act, allowing to the person so purchas-
ing a discount of five per cent, on any amount so
sold; but the purchaser, in cases where such stamps
are represented by stamped paper, parchment, or
vellum, shall bo required to pay the full cost of the
paper, parchment, or vellum. And any proprietor
of articles named in schedule C who shal l furnish Ins
own die or design for stamps, to be used only upon
those articles which he owns, or of which he has the
exclusive control, shall be allowed a discount of ten
per cent, on any amount exceeding $409 purchased
at one time.
Mr. SCHEjSICIv. The Committee of Ways
and Moans have instructed me to oiler the fol-
lowing amendment:
Pago 42, line seventeen, after the word "control,"
strike out "shall be allowed a discount of ten per
cent, on any amount exceeding$500purchased at ono
time" and m lieu thereof insert" and who shall pur-
chase at any one time an amount exceeding $500 shall
be allowed ten per cent, on such excess over $51)0."
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " such excess over $500
so it will provide a discount shall be allowed
011 the whole amount when purchased to au
amount exceeding $500.
Mr. WELKER. I wish to amend the text
before it is stricken out. On page 42, line
eighteen, I move to strike out " any amount"
and insert the whole amount of any order."
Mr. Speaker, the effect of that is where an
order is given for stamps exceeding $500 in
value the discount shall be on the whole sum,
and not alone on the excess over $500.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope no such amend-
ment as thai will be adopted. I oppose the
amendment, and hope it will be disagreed to.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Lynch's
amendment.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to say a word on
my amendment. If the provision be allowed
to remain as it is in the bill the small manu-
facturers will not be able to maintain them-
selves against the large manufacturers. For
instance, a manufacturer able to buy $1,000
worth of stamps will be allowed a discount
on only $500, while the manufacturer who can
buy at one time $10,000 worth will get a dis-
count on $9,500 worth. The small manufac-
turer gets only a discount on $5,000 in $10,000
worth ; while on $10,000 worth the large man-
ufacturer gets a discount on $9,500. As an
illustration of the working of this provision I
send to the Clerk's desk to be read a paragraph
of a letter which I have received from one of
my constituents.
The Clerk read as follows:
" It is peculiarly hard on us, as we have just com-
pleted an expensive factory, and have placed our
price and made our calculations on paying the same
tax thai has been paid for the last live years, and
just as wo are starting receive a notico thatwc must
pay two and a half per cent more.
"Again, matches are taxed far heavier than any
other article. A gross of matches costs thirty-six
cents, on which we are obliged to puts! 44instamps,
or four hundred per cent, on cost. We sell them at
$1 80 per gross—that is at cost of stamps and goods,
and our only profit is the commission allowed by
Government. The new decision reduces our profits
twenty-five per cent.; it reduces B and C's only two
and a half per cent. Wc cannot live under suoh a
decision; and it will, unless revoked, throw the whole
jnatch trade of Now England into the hands of one
concern."
message inom tjik senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution of the following
title, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 187) extending
41st Com 2d Sess.—No. 249.
the time to construct a railroad from th® St.
Croix river or lake to the westward of Lake
Superior and to Bayfield.*
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. CALKIN obtained leave of absence for
one week.
Mr. GIBSON obtained leave of absenee till
Friday next.
Mr. SHANKS ohtained indefinite leave of
absence on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. CESSNA obtained leave of absence
until the 7th of June.
Mr. CHURCHILL obtained leave of absence
for four days.
Mr. CONNER obtained leave of absence for
one week from to-day.
Mr. MUNG-EN obtained leave of absence
for eight days from Monday.
Mr. BUCKLEY obtained leave of absence
for ten days on account of sickness in his
family.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House
Ihe papers in the case of James F. Shattuck.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
Committee of Claims the papers in the case of
S. lCircliner.
WASHINGTON POLICE COURT.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Mr. Cook of Illinois, Mr. Welker of
Ohio, and Mr. Fox of New York, as managers
on the part of the House of the conference as
to the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
It. No. 88) to establish a police court in the
District of Columbia.
west poist examiners.
The SPEAKER. In the West Point appro-
priation bill of the present session, which has
now become a law, there is a clause vesting in
the Speaker the appointment of a committee
on the part of the House to visit the Military
Academy at West Point and attend the exam-
ination of the cadets. In pursuance of that
provision the Chair nominates as such com-
mittee Mr. Logan of Illinois, Mr. Schenck
of Ohio, and Mr. Sloccm of New York.
INCOME TAX.
Mr. SCHENCK. I present the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the amendments
of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 120) declaratory of the meaning and in-
tention of the law relating to income tax. I
shall bring it up to-morrow, and meanwhile
ask that the report be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
The report is as follows:
The committee of conference oil the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Scnatetothejoint resolution (H. K. No. 120) declar-
atory of the meaning and intention of the law relat-
ing to income tax, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate, and azree to the same,
with the following amendment: ' Strike out the
matter proposed to bo inserted by the Senate, and
insert in lieu thereof the following
That so much of section one hundred and nineteen
of the act entitled "An act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30,1864, as amended by the internal revenue
act approved March 2,1867, as limits the taxes on
incomes until and including the year 1870, shall be
held and construed to impose such taxes until the
1st day of January, 1871; and all such taxes unpaid
on that day shall be collected during the year 1871, in
the mode now provided by law.
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
II. L. DAWES,
D. W. VOORHEES,
Managers on the wrt of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN,
GEORGE H. WILLIAMS,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
Manaoers on the 1iart of the Senate.
REFUNDING OP INTEREST TO MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. ELA, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2104) for refunding the inter-
est paid by the State of Massachusetts on money
expended by her on account of, the war of
1812-15; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Commttee of Claims.,
unlawful certification oe checks. '
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Banking and
Currency, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2105) to
punish the unlawful certification of checks by
officers of national banks ; which was read a
first and second time, recommitted to the same
committee, and ordered to be printed.
CLEIUv Off a COMMITTEE.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Accounts:
Rtsohed. That the Committee on Coinage, Weights,
and Measures be, and are hereby, authorized to
employ as clerk of said committee the clerk of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and the pay of paid
clerk for such double scrvico as has been performed
during the present session of tire J?orty-i'irst Con-
gress and shall hereafter be performed, shall bo Ihe
same as that of the clerk of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
reconsideration op iusferbnous.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the
various votes by which bills and resolutions
had been referred to committees; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on. the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The hour of live o'clock p. m. having
arrived, being the time fixed by order of the
House for adjournment, the Speaker declared
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMES : The petition of Austin Mes-
senger, of Norton, Massachusetts, asking that
friction matches may be exempt from stamp
duties.
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of George
II. Bier, asking for the removal of political
disabilities.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of tho widow
and children of Daniel Shirkey, late private in
Captain Crandall's company Missouri home
guard, for a pension.
By Mr. BANKS: A petition of citizens of
Woburn, Massachusetts, and other citizens of
that State, piaying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Leonard G. Babcock,
late corporal in company E, eleventh Illinois
volunteers, praying for a pension.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Samuel
Medbury and 37 others, of Detroit, Michigan,
asking for the abrogation of the legacy and
succession taxes.
By Mr. BIRD: A petition of citizens of
Elizabeth, New Jersey, for the reduction of the
duty on steel.
By Mr. COBURN: The petition of Asa A.
Butraan, administrator of the estate of James
A. Cutting, deceased.
Also, the petition of Zenas C. Robbins.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Ann Cum-
mings, a widow, for a pension.
By Mr. DAVIS : The petition of William S.
Kimball & Co. and others, merchants of Roches-
ter, New York, praying for a uniform rate of
tax on manufactured tobacco and snuff.
By Mr. DEGENER : The petitions of E. A.
Stevens, of Bexar county, Texas, and James
G. McDonald, of Anderson county, Texas, for
the removal of their political disabilities.
By Mr. HOLMAN : The petition of Lewis
Lawless, of Bartholomew county, Indiana, for
a pension. .
Also, the petition of Harvey Chandler and
100 others, citizens of Bartholomew county,
Indiana, for a pension for Lewis Lawless.
By Mr. KBLLEY: Petitions of sundry eiti-
