1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2081
purpose of building a jail in said District of Colum-
bia, is hereby continued and renewed for said pur-
rose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The appropriation havingbeen
made by the act of 186G, and not expended,
must have been covered into the Treasury.
The bill proposes to take that unexpended
appropriation and apply it anew, and must,
therefore, go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STONE. I am willing" to strike that
out.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not now before
the House. It would be competent for the
Committee for the District of Columbia to
report another bill, but not liable to the point
of order, but this bill is now in the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. STONE. I will ask leave to withdraw
the bill.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the bill may be recommitted to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
potomac insurance company.
Mr. STONE also, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(S. No. 383) to renew and continue in force
the charter of the Potomac Insurance Com-
pany of Georgetown,. District of Columbia.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides in its first
section that the act entitled "An act to incor-
porate a fire insurance company in George-
town, in the District of Columbia," approved
March 2, 1831, and the act entitled "An
act to amend the charter of the Potomac In-
surance Company of Georgetown," approved
March 3, 1837, and the act entitled "An act
to renew and continue in force the charter
of the Potomac Insurance Company of George-
town," approved January 27,1851, be, and the
same are hereby, reenacted and extended from
the date of the expiration of the last-mentioned
act until the repeal of this act. The second
section proposes to amend so much of section
eight of" the original charter as restricts the
company to having its office in Georgetown,
District of Columbia, so as to permit the com-
pany to remove its place of business to Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, if it so elects.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to know something
about the object of this bill. A few minutes
ago we all voted for a general incorporation
law under which all corporate privileges are
to be granted. Having done this why is it
that on the heel of that bill we should now be
asked to pass a special incorporation act ?
Mr. STONE. This bill merely proposes to
continue an old charter.
Mr. LOGAN. Why cannot the parties
organize under the general law ? If you con-
tinue the corporation beyond the term of their
charter you in effect give them a new organ-
ization. I do not know anything about this
particular bill and do not care anything about
it; but if it is the desirjs of Congress to pass
a general incorporation law, so as to divest
themselves of the necessity of providing special
legislation of this kind, it seems to me very
strange that immediately after passing such a
bill we should be asked to pass this special law.
Mr. STONE. The reason why this bill is
offered is, that all that is proposed is to con-
tinue an old charter which is about expiring.
If the corporation were allowed to be dissolved
bv lapse of time it would impose a great deal
of unnecessary expense and delay on the com-
pany, which is an old established insurance
company, to require them to organize anew
under the old law; whereas by the mode now
proposed the whole thing can be accomplished
by the enactment of a single section.
Mr. ALLISON. It seems to me that if we
renew this charter after having provided a gen-
eral incorporation act we shall be under the
41sx Cong-. 2d Sbss.'—No. 131.
obligation to renew by a special act every
charter in the District of Columbia. There
can be no doubt that the renewal of this charter
will be cited as a precedent in future.
Mr. HOAR. I desire respectfully to sug-
gest to the gentlemen who oppose this bill
whether there is not a broad distinction between
the case of granting a new charter and renew-
ing the charter of an old corporation, so that
all property ield under contracts made with
the old corporation shall continue to be its
property under the renewal of the charter.
On the other hand, if a corporation be com-
pelled to organize anew under a general incor-
poration law, though it may have the same
name and be composed of the same persons
it is not the same corporation.
Mr. ALLISON. If the view of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] be cor-
rect, an old corporation never could be wound
up. We would be obliged to renew its charters
time after time, because it never could be got
rid of.
Mr. HOAR. I did not propose to say any-
thing on the question,-whether in this case the
old corporation should be continued in force.
I suppose the committee considered that it
should be. But what I meant to address my-
self to was the question why this corporation
could not be kept along just as well by taking
advantage of the general incorporation law as
by this renewal of charter.
Mr. STONE. There is no provision in the
general law for the continuation of corpora-
tions already in existence. The constituent
elements of this corporation would have to
commence from the beginning and build up a
corporation.
Mr. LOGAN. Then you ought to have re-
ported a provision of that kind in your general
bill.
Mr. COOK. There is such a provision.
Mr. LOGAN. The chairman of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia says that
there is such a provision in the general law.
Mr. COOK. I think my colleague [Mr.
Stoxe] is mistaken on that point.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to say a word, as I
have had some experience in this matter in
the State of Maine. We have a general law
there which allows incorporations, but we
extend particular charters from time to time.
Now, this corporation which seeks a renewal
of its charter has obligations to it and obli-
gations from it, and although they might go on
and make a new corporation, as gentlemen
here say, under the same name and with the
same corporators, yet they would be forced to
wind up their business, they would have no
status in the courts, they could collect nothing
due them, and no person could collect anything
of them. Their legal identity ought to be con-
tinued somehow, either by giving them a cer-
tain period of time within which to wind up
their affairs, or by extending their charter in-
definitely or for a number of years.
Mr. LOGAN. The chairman of the com-
mittee says that there is a provision in the gen-
eral bill that we have passed providing for the
continuation of these corporations.
Mr. WELKER. Allow me to say to the
gentleman from Illinois that if that general bill
were the law now there would be much reason
against the renewal of any charter by a special
act; but that bill may not be passed % the Sen-
ate at its present session, and in the mean time
this incorporation will expire by its limitation
in a short time.
Mr. PETERS. Yes, and it takes some time
to get used to a new system. I will undertake
to say that if you do not renew this charter
you will trample on certain private rights.
Mr. LOGAN. My understanding is that the
charter has already expired.
Mr. PETERS. "Well, then, give it life again.
Mr. LOGAN. You cannot revive a dead
body.
Mr. WELKER. There are, no doubt, pend-
ing controversies in which this corporation is
involved.
Mr. STONE. I must resume the floor.
This is a fire insurance company, and a great
many policies are held here in this city. If
the House chooses-to destroy those policies
and compel the company to wind up of course
it can do so. I yield for a moment to the'
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. COOK. I want -to state simply that
this insurance company has a good many pol-
icies out, and it is proper, in the judgment of
the committee, that its business should be
continued. There is loss likely to, occur to
the parties who are insured by it if it does Dot
continue. If the general incorporation bill
were the lav/ to-day, or if there was any cer-
tainty of its passage, then it would be proper
not to pass this bill. But my opinion was, in
considering this question, that the business
here involved required that this corporation
should be continued, and the uncertainty of
the general bill becoming a law was a suffi-
cient reason, in my judgment, for reporting
this bill. If that bill shall become a law, then
I do not, so far as I am concerned, propose
to trouble the House with any more bills of
special incorporation.
Mr. STONE. I now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; andit
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STONE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. , 
The latter motion was agreed to.
message feom the president,
A message from the President, by Mr. Hor-
ace Porter, his Private Secretary, informed
the House that the President had approved
and signed a bill and sundry joint resolutions,
of the following titles:
An act (H. 11. No. 207) to amend an act
entitled "An act providing for the sale of a
portion of the Fort Gratiot military reserva-
tion, in St. Clair county, in the State of Mich-
igan," approved July 20, 1868;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 115) relative
to the legislative fund of Washington Territory ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 121) provid-
ing for the payment of the fourth Arkansas
mounted infantry volunteers; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 191) appro-
priating to the widow and children of the late
E. M. Stanton, for their use, a sum equal to one
year's salary of an associate justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States.
washington, etc., steamship company.
Mr. GILFILL/VN, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back House
bill No. 897, to incorporate the Washington
and Boston Steamship Company, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
b° engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that James S. Grinnell, Wendell T.
Davis, Horatio Browning, Alpheus Middleton,
W. Albert King, Andrew Potts, A. Gaddis,
jr., Edward Hartley, Edwin A. Ryther, Wil-
liam L. Wall, G. M. Wright, William H. Mor-
rison, George P. GofF, George W. Potter, H.
F. Zimmerman, and Henry Mayo, and J. W.
Seaver, and J. J. Newcomb, and John W.
Boteier, Samuel Cross, George Waters, George
Rogers, and their associates and successors, or
a majority of them, shall be created and con-
stituted a body politic and corporate, by the
name and style of the Washington and Boston
Steamship Company. _ . ,
The second section provides that the capital
stock of said company shall not be less than
$50,000 nor more than $500,000, to be divided
into shares of $100 each.
