1870.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3025
undivided half interest in half lot ia block A,
E, 2 L, city of Little Rock, Arkansas, as-
sessed in the name of Scraggs & Brother, and
the other half lot and interest, tax, and costs
paid by W. C. Scraggs at a tax commissioner's
sale, held May 4, 1805, pursuant to act April
7,1862, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall pay to Charles P. Redmond, of Little
Rock, Arkansas, $625, he being the legal
representative of Zebrell, and unableto acquire
possession of the property from defective
description or otherwise.
Mr. POMEROY. This is the first time that
I have ever heard of the Commissioner of Ia-
ternal Revenue being authorized to pay money.
He has no money to pay.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kansas move to amend by inserting the
Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear the
bill explained.
Mr. RICE. I will explain the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no written report.
Mr. RICE. At the direct tax sale in Ark-
ansas in 18(54 these-lots were sold and bid for
by Mr. Zebrell, I believe. Mr. Redmond be-
came the assignee of Zebrell and paid over the
money for him. The lots sold did not corre-
spond in description to the lots assessed. The
Government received the money, but ia unable
to make title or deliver possession because of
the defect in description. This bill provides
that Redmond shall release t.o the Government
all claim to the property and receive his money
back.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
if the doctrine of caveat emptor does not applv
there? Is the Government of the United States
going to pay back the money where lands are
sold for taxesand the party does not get a good
title?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois object to the bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I do not object
to its consideration, but I shall vote against
its passage as I understand it.
Mr. RICE. The fault was ia the descrip-
tion of the property. The Government could
not convey the land which was sold, and can-
not convey it; and the purchaser has got no
title and has acquired no land.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator means the
Government could not give even a tax title. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. But a tax title is as
good as any if it i3 all perfect. Most of the
tax titles in my State have been failures. There
is generally some defect in the proceeding;
acres of land sell for cents, and people take
their chances ,* but they never expect to get the
money back that they bid out of the State
treasury in case they do not get a good title to
the land.
Mr. RICE. I wish to make a further state-
ment -This tax sale is different, from the
ordinary tax sale. Here the property sold for
pretty near its value, and all the money went
to the Government. It was not like a tax sale
where the property sells for a mere nominal
price, but the property sold for approximately
its value. _ The Government sold a piece of
property differentfrom that which was assessed; -
a piece of property that was not forfeited to
the Government; a piece of property that was
not taxed in one sense of the word, or in any
sense, so far aa that sale was concerned. This
was a direct tax sale. The taxes were paid
on the property as described, so far as it ap-
pears ; but they sold another piece of property
entirely.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the words "Commissioner of
Internal Revenue" and inserting "Secretary
of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 190.
Mr. WILLIAMS. , I do not wish to object
to the bill; but I do not see on what principle
the Government can refund this money. As
I understand, the law is general that a man who
bids off property at a sale for taxes bids at his
peril. There is no warranty of title on the part
of the Government. It is liis business to know
before he bids whether the description of the
land is correct or not. He ought to have ex-
amined the assessment roll and the proceedings
to ascertain whether or not they were regular.
If he went to a tax sale and bid off property
blindly and inconsiderately, I cannot see upon
what principle he can ask the Government to
refund the money that he paid. If these titles
should fail in any case for any irregularity on
thepartof the Government, theprinciplewould
require the Government to refund the money.
An irregularity in describing the property is no
more fatal than any other irregularity in a tax
proceeding for the sale of property.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is one of the most
common.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir; and if you affirm
the doctrine that where a title faiis in cases
where property is sold for taxes the Govern-
ment must refund the money we shall have to
pay back about all the money the Government
has received on account of tax sales in the
southern States. It is a very dangerous pre-
cedent to establish. I should be very glad to
see this man get his money; but I consider this
bill as objectionable on'account of the pre-
cedent, and it seems to me the Senator from
Arkansas will see that it is objectionable in
that respect.,
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illinois
and the Senator from Oregon fail to make a
distinction between an ordinary tax sale and a
sale by a commissioner under the direct tax
law of 1862. There is a very striking differ-
ence made by the law, and it was made pur^
posely. In the sale tinder the direct tax law
the whole property is sold, not a portion of it.
Under the tax laws of the various States a por-
tion of the land is sold. Under the law of
Ohio, I know, the purchaser bids how much
of the property he will take and pay the taxes.
That I believe is the usual law in the different
States; and the law prescribes which portion
of the land to be sold for taxes the purchaser
shall bid for. I believe it is the northwestern
corner, &c. He takes so much of the land and
pays the taxes. But a sale under the direct
tax law by a commissioner is a very different
thing. There the land is sold, and a patent, or
something in the nature of a patent, is issued
to the purchaser; and in many cases, especially
in South Carolina, the land is sold for several
limes, perhaps a hundred times the amount of
the taxes. It seems to me in this case, if the
United States have really got the money for
land to which they had no title, and their offi-
cers so conducted the sale as not to convey any-
thing to the purchaser, the United States can-
not do less than refund the money received.
It seems to me there is a sufficient distinction
between this case and the ordinary case of a
tax sale, under the laws of the States, to justify
us in refunding the money that we have got
without consideration, and the consideration
for which failed by the fault of our owii offi-
cers. I therefore shall vote for the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. It seems to me this case
must be misunderstood, or there could be no
question about it. As I understand from the
Senator from Arkansas, there was a piece of
property knocked off at a tax sale on which
there were no taxes due; and this is a bill to
refund to the bidder the amount of money he
paid in as taxes on property on which there
was no tax due, and for which no deed or cer-
tificate has been given. Money is refunded in
my State every day under such circumstances.
If the auctioneer pnta up to sale and knocks
off to_a bidder a piece of property on which
there is no tax due, and for which the authori-
ties give no title whatever, it refunds the money
to the bidder as a matter of course.
The bill was. ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
sophia a. moen.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1413) for the relief of Sophia A.
Moen. F
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was re-
ported from the Committee on Patents, was
considered by the Senate in Committee of the
Whole on a previous occasion, and the morn-
ing hour expired before final action was had
upon it. The Secretary will report the bill as
amended. The amendments were previously
agreed to in Committee of the Whole.
jj Mr. WILLEY. To meet the objection made
| by the Senator from Illinois, which I think vvus
perhaps well taken, I offeranother amendment
i to the bill.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
] will report the bill as it was amended pre-
! viously in Committee of the Whole and then
J the amendment of the Senator from West
Virginia.
The Secretary read the bill, as amended, as
follows:
An act far the relief of Sophia A. Moen.
Be it enacted, d'c.. That the Commissioner of Pat-
ents be, and he is hereby, authorized to hear and
determine the application of Sophia A. Moen, ad-
ministratrix, and Philip L. Moen, administrator of
AugustusR. Moen, for an extension of letters-patent,
granted on the 28th day of February, 1856. and reis-
I sued to the said Augustus R. Moen on the 8th day
i of April, 1856, for a new and useful improvement in
| the construction of basement, cellar, vault, conduit,
j and other like walls, so as to render them impervious
! to water, upon evidence in the same manner and
! with the same effect as if the said application had
I been made within the time prescribed by law: Pro-
vided, That in case said extension shall be granted
I no person shall be held liable for damages for in-
' fringement thereof between the date of the expira-
tion of tho original patent and the date -of such
extension.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia now-moves to further amend the
bill. The amendment will be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add as an additional proviso the fol-
lowing :
And provided further. That any persons or persons
who shall have engaged in the manufacture of the
said invention sinqe the expiration of the letters-
patent aforesaid, and prior to any renewal thereof
by virtue of this act, may continue the manufacture
thereof and sell said manufacture without any lia-
bility therefor to the said Moen, his heirs or assigns.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
It waa ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed, and the bill read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended so as to read, '' A bill for
the relief of Sophia A. Moen, administratrix,
and Philip L. Moen, administrator of Angastus
R. Moen."
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Air. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
_ A bill (H. R. No. 228) to enlarge the juris*
diction of the probate courts in Idaho Terri-
tory;
A bill (H. R. No. 230) to require the hold-
ing of additional district and circuit courts of
the United States in the district of Indiana, and
for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 269) to amend
the act of April 20, 1870.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 779) to redefine a portion of
the boundary line between the State of Ne-
braska and the Territory of Dakota; and it was
thereupon signed by the Vice President.
restoration of army medical officers.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 127) to authorize
