2082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
The third section provides that the company
s>liall be authorized and empowered to estab-
lish and run a line or lines of vessels, propelled
by steam or other power, between the cities of
Washington, Georgetown, Alexandria, Nor-
folk, and other ports in the State of Virginia,
on the Potomac river, Chesapeake bay, or the
tributaries of the same, and Boston, in the
State of Massachusetts.
The fourth section provides that the com-
pany shall be authorized to purchase, hold,
and grant such real estate as may be necessary
to carry into effect the purposes of this act,
and to build all necessary docks, wharves, and
buildings thereon for their own use; to trans-
port passengers and freight of every descrip-
tion, subject to the rules and regulations and
laws of the United States; to sue and be sued ;
to have a common seal, and generally to have
and possess the rights and privileges usually
possessed by similar corporations.
The fifth section provides that the affairs of
the company shall be managed by such officers
as the stockholders in general meeting shall
elect, and such agent as may be appointed by
the board of directors ; that the persons named
in the first section of this act, or a majority of
them, may call a meeting of the stockholders
for the purpose of organizing said company,
at such time and place as they may determine
upon, after advertising the time and place of
such meeting for ten days in one or more news-
papers published in the city of Washington,
and that the officers of said company once
elected shall hold their offices until their suc-
cessors are chosen.
The sixth section provides that the said
board of directors jnay make all necessary
rules and by-laws for the transfer of the stock
and the general management of the business
of said company, and that each stockholder in
said company shall be liable for all claims
against the same to an amount equal to the
stock which said stockholder shall have in said
company.
The seventh section provides that this act
shall be enforced from the passage thereof.
The eighth section provides that Congress
may at any time hereafter alter, amend, or
i epual this act.
Mr. LOGAN". I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Gilmllan] the same
question that 1 asked in regard to the last bill
leported from the Committee for the District
of Columbia: why pass such a bill as this
within ten or fifteen minutes after passing a
general incorporation act?
Mr. GILFILLAN. That bill lias nut yet
become a law.
Mr. DAWES. This bi 11 is to organize a
company to run steamships from Washington
to Boston, outside of the DistrietofColnmbia.
The general incorporation act to which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] refers
would not reach this case.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I think we had better
call it back and amend it a little.
Mr. DAWES. Objection was made to the bill
as originally reported on the ground that it
provided for the creation of corporations with
powers to be exercised outside of this District,
and on motion of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerii] an amendment was adopted re-
stricting the exercise of powers by those cor-
porations to this District.
Mr. LOGAN. I would suggest that it
would be very well to withhold all these special
corporation bills until we learn whether the
general incorporation bill we have this day
passed will become a law. If it should not
become a law, then we could pass these private
bills. But I think it is very strange to pass a
general bill and then follow it up at once with
ten or a dozen private bills. At that rate the
third Friday of every month you will be passing
bills of a special character after passing a
general bill.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest that this bill
presents a different case from the other special
bills to which the gentleman alludes. The
general bill, if it were the law to-day, would
not apply to this case.
Mr. GILFILLAN. It is very doubtful
whether the general bill we have passed
would apply to this case at all even if it were
a Ijiw. This bill is for the regulation of com-
merce between the city of Washington and the
eity of Boston. The general bill is for the
creation of corporations with powers to be
exercised only within the District of Columbia.
Mr. COBURN. I would like to have read
that portion of the general incorporation bill.
The SPEAKER. That bill is not now at
the Clerk's desk ; it is in the possession of the
enrolling clerk.
Mr. COBURN. It can be obtained,. I
suppose?
The SPEAKER. It can if the House shall
so order; but it would require unanimous con-
sent at this time.
Mr. COBURN. I ask unanimous consent
to have it sent for and brought here.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. COBURN. It seems that gentlemen
do not want a fair discussion of this matter.
Mr. HOAR. I ask the gentleman who has
charge of this bill whether as a matter of sound
public policy there should not be some limita-
tion imposed as to the amount of real estate
this corporation shall be allowed to hold? Say
ยง100,000.
Mr. GILFILLAN. The amount of the cap-
ital stock is limited to $500,000, so that the
corporation could not hold a very large amount
of real estate. However, I will allow the gen-
tleman to move the amendment he indicates.
Sir. HOAR. I move to amend the fourth
section of this bill so as to limit to $100,000
the amount of real estate which this company
may acquire and hold.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I now call the previous
question on the bill and amendment.
Mr. MUNGEN. Would a motion be in
order to add two names to the list of cor-
porators mentioned in this bill?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order should the House refuse to second the
previous question. If the previous question
should be seconded, the motion would not be
in order.
The previous question was then seconded and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
The amendment was read, as follows:
In line two, section lour, insert aster the words
"l-o.al estate" the words "not exceeding in amount
$100,000."
Mr. LOGAN. Is it intended that this real
estate shall be purchased in Boston or Wash-
ington ?
Several Members. In either.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GILFILLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
washington general hospital.
Mr. BOLES, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with a
recommendation that it pass, a bill (S. No. 133)
to incorporate the Washington General Hos-
pital and Asylum of the District of Columbia.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
acknowledgments Oil' deeds, etc.
Mr. BOLES also, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
a recommendation that it pass, a bill (S. No.
234) relating to acknowledgments of deeds and
other instruments of writing in the District of
Columbia.
The bill was read. It provides that from
and after its passage the acknowledgment of
any deed, contract, bond, or power of attorney
concerning lands in the District of Columbia,
whether heretofore madeand recorded, orhcre-
aftertobe made, before one justice of the peace
only, either in the District or any State or Ter-
ritory of the United States, shall be held and
deemed as valid and effectual for all purposes
as though such acknowledgment had been made
before two or more justices of the peace.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
loss of steam-tug- maria.
Mr. SLOCUM, byunanimousconsent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1554) for the relief of
the families of men lost on the United States
steam-tug Maria; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
widow of james l. kinman.
Mr. SLOCUM also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1555) for the relief
of the widow of James L. Kinman, late consul
to Chinkiang, China; which was read a first
aud second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
exemptions from execution, etc.
Mr. BOLES, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with a
recommendation that it pass, a bill (H. R. No.
990) to amend an act entitled "An act ex-
empting certain property of debtors in the Dis-
trict of Columbia from levy, attachment, or
sale on execution," approved February 5,
1867.
The bill was read. It provides that it shall
be the duty of the officer levying an execution
or serving an attachment, at the request of the
defendant, to appoint three disinterested house-
holders of the waid or county in which the
defendant resides to take an inventory and
appraise the property of the defendant; and
should it appear by such inventory and ap-
praisement lists that the property levied on or
attached is exempted by law, it shall be the
duty of such officer to release such property
and return it to the defendant; aud in case
sucli officer shall neglect or refuse to release
and return such property, he shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor, and upon conviction on indict-
ment shall be fined in a sum not to exceed
$500 nor less than twenty dollars, at the dis-
cretion of the court trying the cause.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mutual fire insurance company.
Mr. KNOTT, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with a
recommendation that it pass, a bill (H. R. No.
1139) amendatory of the charter of the Mutual
Fire Insurance Company of the District of
Columbia.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
to incorporate the Mutual Fire Insurance Com-
pany of the District of Columbia, approved
January 10, 1855, be so amended as to author-
ize the interest on the premium notes held by
said company to accumulate to the extent of
