4914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
My amendment is only to confine this right of
crossing to taking so much land as shall be
necessary to get across the line which we now
authorize, it'that is not rightj then the Senate
can vote it down.
Mr. OSBORN. Is it in order to move
another amendment?
_ ^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
The proposition nowpending is an amendment
to an amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose we all hope to
survive until the 15th of July. It is now twelve
hours since we met this morning. I move that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it be until
twelve o'clock to-morrow. I think we ought
to have one more hour for rest in the morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves that when the Sen-
ate adjourn to-day it adjourn to meet at twelve
o'clock to-morrow. Is there any objection to
entertaining that motion? The Chair hears no
objection, and the question is on the motion
of the Senator from Rhode Island.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmuxds] to the amendment of
the Senator from California, [Mr. Casserly.]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not care about the
amendment in that shape.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ Does the
Senator from California desire to withdraw the
amendment?
Mr._ CASSERLY. Yes, sir ; but I will offer
it again in the Senate.
ThePRESlDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn, no objection being inter-
posed to its withdrawal.
Mr. COLE. I offer this amendment to come
in at the close of the fourth section :
Provided. That no grant of lands made by this act
shall prcventor impede the construction of any canal
or aqueduct ior irrigating purposes, but the right
of way for such canals and aqueducts is hereby ex-
pressly reserved over and through any lands granted
by this act.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not.
Mr. COLE. I hope it will be done, because
it is very important through that country where
the lands need to be irrigated to be of any value.
I think it is really a very important amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no doubt it may
be very important; but the canal or the aque-
duct might come in direct contact with the
railroad and stop the railroad.
Mr. COLE. By no means ; there 13 no such
purpose.
Mr. HOWARD. That, is the effect of the
amendment.
Mr. NYE. I think the honorable Senator
from California means that the railroad shall
not stop the canals and ditches these people
want to dig to irrigate with.
Mr. COLE. That is a peculiar country, dif-
ferent from any other line of railroad we have
ever constructed in the United States.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California, [Mr. Cole.]
Mr. WARNER. I suggest that it be mod-
ified so that Congress shall reserve the right to
grant the right of way to such companies in the
future.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. WARNER. I hope it will be so mod-
ified as merely to provide that Congress shall
reserve the right to give the right of way for
irrigating canals and aqueducts.
Mr. COLE. I think the amendment is not
in too broad a form as it stands.
Mr. HOWARD. Let it be again reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is:
Provided. That no grant of land made by this act
shall preventer impede the construction of any canal
or aqueduct for irrigating purposes, but the right of
way for such canals and aqueducts is hereby ex-
pressly reserved over and through any lands granted
by this aot.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose the canal or aque-
duct is constructed directly across the railroad
track, the railroad must stop.
_Mr. COLE. Provided it shall not interfere
with the railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. It must interfere with it.
_ Mr. COLE. The Senator can put in a pro-
viso that it shall not, if he chooses.
Mr. NYE. Suppose they want to construct
a canal twelve feet wide for irrigation, the rail-
road must span it; that is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia.
Theamendmentwas agreed to—ayes twenty-
four, noes not counted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer the following
amendment:
And be it further enacted, That it shall not be law-
ful for any of the incorporators, directors, or stock-
holders, either in their individual capacity or as
members of an incorporate or joint stock company,
to make any contracts or agreements with said Texas
PacilicKailroad Company for the construction,equip-
ment, or running of its road, or to havo any interest
therein: and all such contracts or agreements aro
hereby declared null and void; and all moneys or
property received under such contracts or agree-
ments may bo recovered back for the benefit of the
company by any stockholder.
As I see I have some difficulty in getting the
sense of those sections before the Senate, I will
say that the object of this amendment is to pre-
vent a recurrence of the proceedings charged
to have taken place in regard to at least one
of the great railroads across the continent
which were endowed by Congress. The pur-
pose is to make it impossible, so far as the law
can, for any set of men among the incorpor-
ators, directors, or stockholders, to form them-
selves into companies for the purpose of absorb-
ing all the capital and means of the road for
their private gain. The first session after I
came hero I heard a discussion involving that
question, a discussion which certainly was not
calculated to do credit to the principles or the
proprieties, or the want of both shown in the
building of the road referred to—a discussion
which on the whole was not very creditable to
us as a people.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the amendment of the Senator from
California.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
one, noes not counted.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now. I desire to offer,
and I shall merely offer it without asking to
have it read, the amendment known as the
" Dakota amendment," the provision leaving
the lands open to settlement, the prices to be
averaged under a system to be devised by the
Secretary of the Interior. The Senate is ac-
quainted with it; I therefore merely state the
character of the amendment. I offer it with
reference to the whole of the roads in this bill
which have grants of land given to them by
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If any Sen-
ator desires the reading of the amendment it
will be read. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from California.
The amendment was rejected—ayes eleven,
noes not counted.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to offer the amend-
ment I offered the other evening to this bill in
the shape in which it was amended by the votes
of the Senate when it was before the Senate
heretofore. 1 do not ask for the reading of
the amendment; it is one in reference to the
extension of the Kansas Pacific railway south-
wardly to tlio boundary line of the republic of
Mexico; and it is in exactly the shape now
that it was amended the other evening when it
was before the Senate on the former occasion.
I really think that this amendment should be
adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. I should iike to hear it read.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will not insist upon it. For one I
shall be glad to aid in passing the measure as
a separate bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa calls for the reading of the amend-
ment.
Mr. DRAKE. This is an enterprise which
probably has no superior in importance or any
equal length of road in the country ; but I do
not wish to embarrass the passage of this bill.
I wish to know something about the sense and
temper of the Senate in regard to this enter-
prise.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask my friend from Mis-
souri to withdraw the amendment and not
embarrass this bill by tacking it on here. I
have no doubt that he will have a large num-
ber of friends for his bill when it appears here
as an independent proposition. We have
already so amended this bill as to imperil its
existence, I am afraid; and to tack 011 this
great enterprise as he calls it—and I have no
doubt it is a great and worthy enterprise—on
this bill will very much embarrass it.
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to suggest also that
the Senator from Missouri has ascertained the
temper of the Senate. As soon as we get this
bill through he can get up his separate bill and
we will go for it right straight along.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Iowa insist on the reading of the
amendment?
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to say again that I
do not desire to embarrass the passage of the
pending measure, but I do desire to know how
the friends of the pending measure stand with
reference to this as an independent proposi-
tion. That is my object. I wish to know that.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
The question being put, it was stated that
the noes appeared to prevail.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I suppose I am to
understand that the whole body of the friends
of this measure are opposed to that. [" No ! "
"No!"]
Mr. ABBOTT. I was in favor of that bill,
but voted against it as an amendment to this
bill.
Mr. COLE. The opposition is to putting
it on this bill and not to the measure as an
independent one.
Mr. DRAKE. Then am I to understand
that the friends of this measure are, as an
independent measure, in favor of that?
Mr. ABBOTT. I am.
Mr. SPENCER. I am not.
Mr. DRAKE. If that is the general idea
among the friends of this southern railroad,
be it so; that is what I wanted to know. I
will withdraw the amendment and bring it up
as an independent proposition.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we are to have no
bargains.
Mr. McCREERY. I offer the following
amendment:
And be-it further enacted, That the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, heretofore chartered by the State
of Texas, shall have the right to connect its road
with the Texas Pacific railroad at such point as it
may elect in the State of Tuxas, and be entitled to
all the rights, privileges, and immunities of this acc.
And be it .further enacted. That that nart of the
Texas Pacific railroad west of the junction of the
Southern Pacific railroad in Texas, shall be so oper-
ated fincl the rate of fare on passenger?, and the tariff
on freights, mails, troops, munitions of war, or any
description of freight whatever, shall bo fco prorated
per miio that there shall be no discrimination in any
inanner orway whatever against said Southern Pa-
cific railroad in favor of said Texas Pacific miir&bd
east or west of said point of junction.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have lookec! again at
the amendments proposed by the Senator from
Vermont to the section which I offered as to
the right to ei-oss the Texas Pacific railroad,
and, upon the whole, I would prefer to take
the section as he has changed it rather than
