1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
could not exceed that employed in 1860, and
would probably fall much short of that amount.
If carried fully into effect, with all the prelim-
inary schedules the aggregate, would amount
to about three times that, quantity, or about
a third of what it is alleged in the article
quoted at the head of this paper, will be re-
quired for the schedules of agriculture and
population alone.
jEstimate for postage, on census of 1870.
The 113.64 tons of blanks under the first
estimate, or 86.47 tons under the second, or
61.88 tons under the third, or 31.42 tons under
the fourth, must go out and come back, or at
least the copy must come back to the Census
Office. A few might be returned for revision,
but the amount of postage would be trifling as
compared with the total, and need not come
into this estimate.
If every one of the district superintendents
should write to each of his enumerators and ;
receive a letter from each daily, and if the i
number of the latter be 15,000, and if each
letter weighed half an once, the amount of ;
daily mail matter relating to the census would i
be just 937.5 pounds avoirdupois, instead of j
"from seven to ten tons," as has been stated
in the estimate referred to. !
I will say that these estimates were submit-
ted to the Congressional Printer, and approved
by him, as to the cost of the paper. I
Air. StJMNER. I should like to ask my j.
friend if be has the certificate of the Congres- 1
sional Printer. I have been aware of the fact
to which he refers. If he has the certificate
will he be good enough to read it? I think it
would be interesting to the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will send it to the
desk to be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Office or the Congressional Printer,
Washington, January 21, 1870.
Dkar Sir: The figures and statements of Dr..
Hough in detail relating to blanks. See., for the cen-
«us of 1870 have been submitted to this offico for
examination. A careful criticism of them through-
out shows them to be substantially correct and reli-
able.
Very respectfully, 4e.,
A. M. CLAPP,
Oongretnonai Printer.
Hon. A. H. Laflih. Haute of ReprtietUalivet.
Mr. PATTERSON. That is all I care to
say on the subject of schedules. I wish to say
a word in respect to the marshals' fees. Under
the act of 1850, in the eighth section, it is pro-
vided :
" That whenever the population returned in any
district shall exceed one million the marshal
thereof shall be entitled to receive as a compensa-
tion for all his services in executing this act after the
rate of one dollar for each thousand persons; but if
the number returned shall be less thnn a million in
any district the marshnl shall be allowed for his
services at the rate of £1 25 for each thousand per-
sons."
Now, let us see how that will operate. If one
marshal has a* population of 999,999 and an-
other 1,000,001, the first will receive $125
more than the other for his services. The one
who does the least work receives the greater
pay. Is there any justice or any good sense
in a rule of that kind? I am unable to dis-
cover it. Then, in the twelfth section of the
same act, it is provided :
" That each assistant shall be allowed, as com-
pensation for his services, after the rate of two cents
for each person enumerated, and ten cents a mile
for necessary travel, to be ascertained by multiply- ■■
ing the square root of the number of dwelling- i
houses in the division by the square root of the '
number of square miles in each division, and the i
product shall be taken as the number of miles ■
traveled for all purposes in taking this census."
There may bo some reason, too abstruse for j
me to understand, for the establish ment of such
a role as that; but I confess that, so far as I j
am able to see, there is no foundation in mathe- '
matics or facts for such a rule. Let me sup- ,
pose a case: here is an area of 9 square
miles, lhe square root of that is 8. On I
that area there are 16 houses, and the square j
■root of that is 4. The product of these is 12. I
On the sanio area of square miles, in another
instance, there are 25 houses, and the square
root of that is 5. The product of 3 and 5 is 15.
In the first case a man gets $1 20 for taking the
statistics of thesixteen houses, and in the other,
$1 60 for taking the statistics of the twenty-
five houses. And yet the twenty-five houses
may be so located on the nine square miles as
to give him less trouble than in taking the six-
teen. There may be les3 work in taking the
census for the twenty-five houses than in taking
the census for the sixteen.
Take another case, a case which actually
* occurred in Texas. There was an area of nine
; hundred square miles, including the counties
i; of Concho, Menora, and McCulloch, on which
'i there was not one house, and tjie enumerator
I came to the Department and asked to be paid
for taking the census of that nine hundred
square miles. If there had been one house
upon it he would have obtained his pay, which
i. would have been 30xlXl0=$3; but it hap-
1 pened that the square root of zero was zero,
and so he could not draw any pay. The amount
i' is not large, it is true, but it illustrates the rule.
Now take another case. Here is an area of
twenty-five thousand square miles. The square
root of that is five hundred. There is one house
on that area just a rod from the line of another
populous district in which an assistant is en-
gaged in the work of enumeration. He has to
travel perhaps four rods in order to take the
, census of thatone house ; but what is his pay?
, It is ten cents a mile upon a distance ascertained
bymultiplying five hundred by one.
I say there is no sense or honesty in any such
rule. It ha3 no good foundation in fact pre-
1 sented. If the houses on the square areas were
located like trees in an orchard, or like the
squares on a chess board, there might be some
! show of reason for it; but they are scattered
II
excess. They are entitled to determine the
area of the country over which they operate
by the statute, where there is one. In many
instances they would have no means of esti-
mating the extent of country over which they
traveled, so that their estimates would be a mere
matter of guess-work or calculation, and in
case there was a statute determining the limits
! and bounds of the area, it would in many cases
. be unjust. Take a district in which the half
of Lake Michigan is situated. In order to
take the census of that area, the man woulU
1 have to dive to the bottom of the lake and take
| the census of the fish ; or if his district were
| one great forest, he would have to go up in a
balloon and take ic from above ; but it would
all enter as an element in his mileage.
Now, take Florida. The bouudary of Florida
on one side is the Gulf stream; on the Gulf
side it is a line three miles out in the ocean.
Is the man who takes the census to be paid for
, taking the census over the Atlantic ocean?
| Why, sir, there is an inherent injustice in this
I whole thing.
Then look at another point. He is to have
j two cents for every free inhabitant. But before
j speaking of that 1 want to give one other illus-
| tration, and that is the case of New York city.
; There the enumerators were allowed for one
; hundred and eight square miles, though there
i were only twenty-two square miles in the whole
area over which the census was taken in the
city. Why were they paid for one hundred
1 and eight? No one man could takethecensus
on a square mile in the city of New York, and
so small sections of the city were mapped out
for each assistant, and as there could be no
limit less than a square mile in computing the
compensation, eacli man was allowed to have
pay on a square mile. Hence the number
of square miles was put down at one hundred
promiscuously, without respect to order, all and eight, when there were, as a matter of fact,
over the area. Let us see how the rule has only twenty-two. That could not well be
worked in practice; but before going to that I avoided under the rule.
wish to read the opinion of the first matheina
ticianofthiscouutry, certainly one who has very
few superiors in his specialty in any country—
Professor Pierce of Cambridge. Speaking of
this rule, lie says: ;
"The rule which has been adopted for the com- !
pensation of officers for the taking of the census does j
not appear to me to have any sound foundation in
reason, bat to be obviously inconsistent with fact. '
It might easily bo perverted to false uses, and I 1
should regard it as wiser and safer to introduce a
system of compensation which was made dependent 1
upon the good judgment and the experience oi faith- !
ful and intelligent supervision." j
This is the opinion of the best living authority
upon such a subject. How does this rule oper-
ate in practice? Under the census of 1860, in
twelve States, including Connecticut, Florida, :
Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michi- :
gan. Mississippi, New York, North Carolina, i
South Carolina, Texas, and Virginia, the area j
given is 686,850 square miles, but the number
of square miles claimed and allowed in the set-
tlementof the accounts of the assistant marshals
was 906,181, giving an area of 268,831 square
miles more than the amount of territory given by
the census itself in those twelve States, which
is forty-four and twenty-three hundredths per
' cent, in excess of the actual area given by the
very assistants who secured their pay under this
' rule. W by, sir, the amount of overcharge, in
point of territory, was greater than the whole
area of Austria; greater than the area of Bel-
gium, or Denmark, or Prussia, or France, or
Greece; greater than the area of Italy, or the
Netherlands, or the Papal States, or Portugal,
or Spain, or Switzerland, or Great Britain,
including England, Wales, Scotland, and the
Channel islands. The excess of territory thus
claimed and allowed for the census mileage in
1860 for twelve States alone was more than
three times the whole of Great Britain, more
than the united areas of France, Belgium,
But, to return: he is to have two cents for
every free inhabitant. What kind of a census
would be likely to be taken in some of our
large cities upon any rule of that kind ? Why,
sir, a premium is there offered for fraud. Take
some of the purlieu? of your great cities: how
great would be the temptation to over-estimate
the population and inflict a wrong both upon
the State and the nation.
Then, again, fifteen centsisallowed for every
manufactory, not including those whose prod-
ucts are less than five hundred dollars in
value. See how unjust that rule is. Here is
a manufacturing establishment manufacturing
cotton goods; it is run by water and not by
steam-power. It would be a very simple mat-
ter to take the statistics of that manufacturing
establishment, because there is but one kind
of raw material and one kind of product; but
now take the operations of a company owning
an iron mine and manufacturing pig-iron and
bar-iron and operating a foundery in connec-
tion with their works. There would be a very
large variety of manufactures, and it would
take a long time and be a difficult process to
take the statistics of such an establishment.
And yet the officers are paid fifteen cents in
each case. There is no distinction on account
of the character of the manufactures.
I will not continue these remarks, because I
see the subject has but little interest appareutly
for the Senate. But, sir, for the reasons which
I have given, it seems to me that the law of
1850, if that is to be made the basis of our
operations, should be materially modified ; a
different and a better system or set of sched-
ules should be prepared ; and the way in which
compensation is to be allowed to the enumer-
ators should be changed. How can this be
done? It seems to me clearly not here in the
Senate. Why not provide that there shall be
the Netherlands, Denmark, Switzerland, and i a commission of three persons, like that under
the Papal States together! :j whose supervision the census is taken In Eng-
I do not claim that those who took the cen- !i land, one presiding over each principal branch
bus were in every instance to blame for this U of the work, and all under the supervision of
