1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2083
$100,000; and also to authorize the company
to acquire and hold real estate, not exceeding
$50,000 cash value, at any one time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KNOTT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CONCRETE PAVEMENT COMPANY.
Mr. KNOTT, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 1556) to incorporate the National Concrete
Pavement Company of Washington, District
of Columbia, (Van Camp & ITodgmau's pat-
ent ;) which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. LOGAN. I think this thing has gone
about far enough. I object to any more bills
of this character passing. I hope Congress
will grant no more special charters until we see
whether or not a general law is to be passed.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to call attention to
the fact that it is a Republican House of Rep-
resentatives which is granting all these undue
privileges.
Mr. LOGAN. That is a matter I perfectly
understand, and for that reason I object to our
making any further record on that subject. I
shall object to any more of these bills.
Mr. RANDALL. Then we sail in the same
boat. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. 1 move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid oil the table ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
washington mail steamboat COMPANY.
Mr. McKENZIE, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back Senate bill
No. 430, to incorporate the Washington Mail
SteamboatOompany, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIOIIATIO NATEU.
On motion of Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of Horatio Nater.
n. w. Raymond's report.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting the report of
R. W. Raymond on the statistics of mines and
mining in the States and Territories west of
the Rooky mountains ; which was referred to
the Committee on Mines and Mining, and
ordered to be printed.
coast survey report.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting the Coast
Survey report for 1869; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
1 be priuted.
port jefferson harbor, new york.
Mr. REEVES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of the Legislature of the
Stare of New York, relative to Port Jefferson
harbor, Long Island sound ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
CHRISTIANA RIVER, DELAWARE.
Mr. BIGGS, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to transmit to this House a copy of the report of the
engineer on the examination and survey of the har-
bor of Christianariver, Wilmington,Delaware, with
a view to its improvement for the purposes of com-
merce and navigation,
CONSTRUCTION OF TUB RULES.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
bo, and thoy are hereby, instructed to report to the
House whether under Rule 29, which provides that
"no member shall vote on any question in the event
of which he is immediately and particularly inter-
ested," a member of the House who is an officer or
stockholder of a national bank can vote on a bill to
abolish the national banks, or upon tho funding bill
which lately passed the Senate; and whether amem-
her of the House who owns Government securities,
known as bonds, can vote on said funding hill, or
upon a bill to subject said bonds to taxation like
other property.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. The resolution ought to
pass, and it ought to include those who hold
Pacific railroad stock.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let it be referred
to the Committee on the Rules.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House.
Mr. BURR. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The House, pursuant to
order, will meet to-morrow as in Committee
of the Whole, for the discussion of the tariff,
bill, and no other business will be transacted.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and
accordingly (at four o'clock and thirty minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition and accom-
panying papers of Samuel Freeman, of Whit-
ley county, Kentucky, for a pension.
'By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of C. W.
Beard and others, citizens of Pagetown, Mor-
row county, Ohio, praying for the abolition of'
the franking privilege.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Monroe
Kelly, E. F. Rose, and Edward Waller, of
Stafford county, Virginia, praying for relief
from political disabilities.
By Mr. BROOKS, of New York : A resolu-
tion of the American Society of Civil Engineers,
that the patronage and influence of the Gov-
ernment should notbe committed to any route
for a canal between the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans until that of the Isihmus of Tehuati-
tepec has been fully surveyed.
By Mr. HAWLEY: The memorial of J. N.
Striekler, praying Congress to grant him com-
pensation for services for tho Government.
Also, the memorial of George R. Naylor, for
the same purpose.
By Mr. JULIAN : A petition of 330 citizens
of the United States, praying Congress to pre-
vent the further absorption of the public lands
by railroads and corporations.
By Mr. KELLEY : The memorial and peti-
tion of William Chapman and 22 others, citi-
zens of the United States, engaged in quarry-
ing roofing and other slate, asking Congress
not to reduce the duty on slate by changing
the same from an ad valorem to a specific duty.
Also, the petition of Alexander Foster & Co.
and 10 others, consumers of steel, asking Con-
gress to fix the duties on steel as proposed in
the bill reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means February 1, 1870.
Also, the petition of M. Baird & Co. and 20
others, for the same purpose.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: A petition
of 32 citizens of Camden, New Jersey, to pass
a law prohibiting the sale of intoxicating drinks
in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of Daniel
Dugan, Patrick Brennan, and 51 others, citi-
zens of West Zanesville, Muskingum county,
Ohio, asking Congress to abolish the national
banks, redeem their outstanding notes, issue
$600,000,000 in greenbacks, and pay off
$340,000,000 of the five-twenty bonds.
Also, a similar petition from J. L. Manger,
of Etna, Licking county, Ohio, and 38 others.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of James
Rowland & Co., N. Rowland & Co., Verree &
Mitchell, J. P. Morris & Co., James F. Brad-
shaw, Gilman & Farran, S. Robbins, Henry
Disston, Wonnan & White, and Deiley & Fow-
ler, manufacturers, of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, asking Congress to fix the duties on
steel as proposed in the new tariff bill.
By Mr. NEGLEY: A petition of 40 wholesale
liquor dealers and rectifiers of the county of
Alleghany, Pennsylvania, asking for the repeal
of section ninety-six of the internal revenue
laws, and prescribing a special penalty accord-
ing to the degree of crime forsuch offense com-
mitted against said law, so that a mere technical
error may not be visited by as severe a penalty
as an actual fraud. Also, to allow bonds to be
taken for the release of establishments when
seizure is made for an alleged violation of said
laws, provided the party owning the property
so desires, that the business may be continued
without detriment while the suit is pending, &c.
Also, a petition of 22 cigar manufacturers,
&c., of Alleghany county,Pennsylvania, for the
restoration of the tariff rates on imported cigars
to three dollars per pound and fifty per cent.
ad valorem, as they are fully persuaded that it
will prove advantageous to the revenue and
their several industries.
Also, a petition of the Cigar-Makers' Union
No. 85, of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, thatthepro-
viso in section eighty-seven in the internal rev-
enue act of July 20, 1868, be expunged, and
that the tariff of three dollars per pound and
fifty per cent, ad valorem be enforced on all
imported cigars, &c.
Also, a petition of 76 Irish citizens of Alle-
ghany county, Pennsylvania, asking that in-
creased protection be given to all industries
which require it, and that in all changes in the
tariff the interests of domestic industry be con-
sidered paramount to every other consideration.
Also, a petition of 38 citizens of Butler
county, Pennsylvania, for an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States humbly
acknowledging Almighty God as the source ol
all authority and power of civil government,
the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler among the
nations, and His revealed will as of supreme
authority, in order to constitute a Christan
Government, &c.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A petition of bookbind-
ers of Philadelphia, asking for a specific duty
of at least twenty-five cents per pound on im-
ported books.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking for such duties on steel as have been
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
By Mr. RANDALL: A petition from many
bookbinders of'Philadelphia, in favor ofspecillc
duties on imported books.
By Mr. SCHEN CK: The petition and memo-
rial ofShipton & Wallace and 38others, citizens
and dealers in liquors o! the twenty-second
congressional district of Pennsylvania, reciting
conflicting sections in the internal revenue law,
and asking Congress to amend and simplify the
same. . ,
By Mr. VOORHEES: The petition of M-
R. Edmonds, sixty-seventh regiment Indiana
volunteers, asking to be mustered and pai a as
a second lieutenant. „
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of I eter
Taltavul, asking payment of certain damages
sustained by him in the city of Washington \
act of the War Department in taking possession
of certain property.
