1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1139
the Secretary of the Interior? In that way all
the ehangos could be made which are desir-
able. and ue might have a census which would
be an honoi and an advantage to the nation;
otherwise I 1"?ar we shall not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mt.Chand-
leu in the ctair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont to
the amendment reported by the Committee ou
i ho Revision of the Laws.
.Mr. II AM LIN. 1 ask my friend from Ver-
mont to modify his amendment so as to include
another article. I do not know precisely where
i: should come in, but I rather guess between ,
••grapes" and "wine." Ice is the article that
I want enumerated. [Laughter.] Gentlemen
like their wine iced; and cutting ice is really
becoming a business of no small moment iu
the New England States. There ice is cut for
the whole country, and it is productive wealth.
The ice when stored in the houses is just so
much wealth produced by the industry of the
country in cutting it: and that is a crop, Mr.
President, that we can raise down East with-
out any protection. We are entire free-traders
on that subject. [Laughter.] I hope the Sen-
ator from Vermont will accept my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I accept the
amendment to my amendment.
Mr. ABBOTT. I ask the Senator from Ver-
mont to accept an amendment to put in the
article of peanuts in the schedules. It is in the
schedule reported by the House committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I accept that.
Let it come in after wine.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the discre-
tion of the Senate assigned me a place on the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws, and
just before the recess of Congress there was
referred to the committee a bill from the House
providing for the taking of the ninth census of the
United States. I fully concur with the remarks
of the Senator from New Hampshire as to the
very grave importance of this bill, and I believe
it is estimated by me quite as highly as by any
other Senator on this floor. The importance
ofproper statistical information in any country,
and perhaps in our own country as much as in
any other, cannot be too highly estimated, and
at this time, considering the late terrible events !
through which we have passed, more especially ;
than at any other time is this matter of a
proper knowledge ofthecondition and resources
of our country for all purposes important.
By the Constitution of the United States the
enumeration or census of the people is made
our duty every ten years. The ingrafting of
a system of statistics upon that enumeration
is a thing of comparatively modern growth, but
not, therefore, the less to be respected or con-
tinued. The value of statistics is admitted
upon all sides, but there is one corollary to
that proposition which is, that to give them
value they must be correct; for without cor-
rectness the figures will but prove utterly
delusive, and false lights to those who seek to ,
be guided by them.
Now, sir, in considering this measure I do '
not know that we should so much diaeuss the
merits of the gentlemen who framed this bill ,
in the other House, or who framed the exist-
ing law. as we should consider the merits of
the measure itself. 1 do not think, however,
that Senators should be unmindful of the re- '
spect due to the reputation and character of :
the distinguished men by whom the existing
law was framed. The fact that this law was the
product of the joint counsel and labors of such
men as John Davis of Massachusetts, Jacob j
Collamer of Vermont, John M. Clayton of
Delaware, Judge Underwood of Kentucky, and
Mr. Vinton of Ohio, should not be passed by
lightly ; much less that a proposition which
has met the concurrence of their minds should
be made at this time a subject of ridicule in .
the Senate of the United States. For the \
authors of the present bill I have nothing but
feelings of kindness and respect. My personal'
acquaintance with them is not of a very ex-
tended character, but so far as it has gone
there has been nothing that has not tended to
create respect for them and their work.
But, sir, this bill has been brought into this
body and pressed upon the consideration of
this committee, of which I am the humblest
member, in what I must consider a very hasty
way. I never knew of the existence of this bill
until about the 23d of December last; nor was
there any convocation of the committee until
about the middle of the past month of January.
The bill proposes an enlargement of the
system of statistics, no doubt very valuable in
itself, but which is to be gained by wiping out
from the statute-book a well considered law
that has undergone the test of twenty years,
and against which as yet no material objec-
tion, in my opinion, has been urged. I do not
say that it is not susceptible of improvement.
If it were not it would scarcely be a human
law ; but I do say that it is a very serious ques-
tion for the Senate to consider whether they
will in this hasty method commit themselves
to a new system of obtaining statistics without
regard to the practicability of the measure by
which it is to be effected.
There are two questions to be considered in
relation to this bill: first, as to whether in-
formation of this character is feasibly to be
obtained by a census bill; and next, whether
the method proposed by this census bill is a
wise one. As I said before, statistics, to be of
any value, must be correct; and it matters not
how this new measure is ushered in, with what
pomp of speech and parade of forms and fig-
ures, those figures will be worse than useless
unless they are correct. Upon that subject
there has been reference made, and constantly
and properly, to high authority on this subject,
which I will quote for the purpose of illus-
trating my proposition that the machinery by
which this information is proposed to be ob-
tained is unfit for the work. Dr. Snow, of
Rhode Island, in his communication addressed
< to the chairman of the committee of this body
upon the revision of the laws, criticising the
House bill, states at page 7 the following fact:
"The slightest examination of the schedules re-
ported in the act as passed by the House, shows that
the information required is of the most varied and
dissimilar character, and immense in quantity. The
task of obtaining this information from millions of
willing and unwilling resources is committed to a
single corps of enumerators, not one in fifty of whom
has any special knowledge of the subjects embracod
in the census, nor the slighest qualifications for
obtaining a considerable portion, at least, of the
! information he is required to obtain. Very few of
them can possibly understand the meaning and bear-
ing of all the questions they aro required to ask."
This is the testimony of a man who has given
his life to the consideration of this subject, and
I submit to the Senate that it is entitled to
great weight. The machinery of the two bills
! differs a good deal in form, and still more in
| its results. But whether you call a man a
" deputy marshal" or an '* enumerator' will
i not affect the question of his capacity or the
correctness of his returns. The question is
more serious whether you shall rely upon the
voluntary aid and doubtful capacity of the in-
habitants at large, or upon the officials whom
you select to do this peculiar work.
One chief matter of difference between these j
two laws is as to the cost of these two methods
of taking the census. That can be, I think,
reduced very nearly to a certainty. The books
of the Treasury establish the fact that to col-
lect the details embodied in the census of 1860
there was actually paid out of the Treasury of
the United States $1,045,206 75, and that there
remains still due and unpaid to officers in the
southern States $247,000 more, making the
total cost of the collection of all the details for
the census of 1860, $1,292,206 75. By the esti-
mate of the authority for all the figures relied
upon by the Senator from Massachusetts, Dr.
Hough, for whose intelligence I have great
respect, this sum is to be increased some
twenty-seven "per cent.; and for 1870, if the
old rates are retained, the cost will amount to
$1,641,102 57; so that if the census be taken
under the existing law, this portion of the
expense can be reasonably estimated.
Now, ifthereis one assertion more constantly
and vehemently insisted upon by the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts, it was that
the existing law was no longer a practical or
" a working machine," because it did not pro-
vide sufficient compensation for the agents
employed; and he exhibited to the Senate, with
a great show of confidence, the supposed fact
that the men engaged in such valuable and
important business received on the average
but $1 89 per diem. Now, assuming for a
moment the accuracy of this statement., how
curiously does it stand in company with the
Senator's objurgation of the bill, and his aver-
ment, or rather thatof his arithmetical Achates,
that under the existing law, the cost, by some
mysterious process, will reach upward of six
million dollars.
I would respectfully ask how, if the pay under
the existing law be so inadequate, can its great
expense be in the same breath objected to ? It
occurs to me that here is a dilemma, upon one
horn or the other of which the honorable Sen-
ator must rest. If the present law is to be
condemned as impracticable and useless be-
cause the pay is too low, and the House bill
remedies this error by paying higher fees, it
seems to mean immediate, necessary, and sim-
ple deduction that the last-mentioned method
must be more expensive at least, without refer-
ence to other points.
The Senator objects to the system of com-
pensation under the existing law because of
the opportunities for fraud which it gives.
, Lord Mansfield said no trmn could make a
bargain for the use of money beyond lawful
rates which could escape the statute of Anne ;
but I think it would be safer to say that no
human wit can devise a law which human fraud
will not in some measure manage to defeat.
One thing is certain: the existing law has been
twice severely tested, and what frauds of an
important character have been discovered in
the twenty years of its operation ? One case
of emigrants counted while in transit through
New York for the West is the solitary one
alleged, and there the misplacement of a small
number of people, not their omission from the
great muster-roll of the country, is all that can
: be complained of.
But considered in the abstract, is it not plain
that a method of compensation in which all
errors of omission and default can only occur
at the cost of the official, that his pay is made
necessarily contingent upon his diligence and
thoroughness of labor, is the best security for
the proper performance of his duties. A per
diem pay is the same for all work, whether
well or illy done, to the active and diligent as
well as to the lazy Or indifferent.
And let me say further upon the suggestion
that fraud did occur by the increased enumer-
ation of inhabitants in certain districts, for the
purpose of increasing their representation in
Congress, is it more likely that that will occur
at the hands of an official who performs his
duty under oath, as required by the existing
law, than if these returns are made under the
system of household schedules of the proposed
new bill by the inhabitants themselves, who
will of course gain the benefit of this fraudu-
lent increase in representation? The system
of household schedules will leave to every man
to whom they are handed throughout the coun-
try at large the power to return just such num-
bers as he sees fit; and for false returns you
have no means or machinery of punishment
whatever, whereas in the hands of your offi-
cial, you bind him by oath and penalty, and he
can have no more interest in making a false
return than any one of the thousand individ-
uals who are not so bound.
It seems to me, therefore, that to attack the
existing law upon the ground that the oppor
