2084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareli 21,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 19,1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butlek.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ORDEli. OF BUSINESS.
TheSPEAKERprotempore, (Mr.wheeler.)
The House is in session as in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union for debate
only on the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes.
Mr. CHURCHILL. If there is no one pre-
pared to address the House I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at twelve o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of E. W. Bart-
lett and others, citizens of Worcester, Massa-
chusetts, for increase of compensation as letter-
carriers.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 21, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, d. d.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of Friday last; but before concluding,
Mr. IIAMLIN. The Journal reads admir-
ably, and the Secretary reads it very finely ; but
I have heard all I want to hear of it, and I
move to dispense with its further reading.
Therebeing no objection, the farther reading
of the Journal was dispensed with.
bill introduced.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 084) to change the time for holding
the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the district of Wisconsin ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to bo printed.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is occasion for a
short executive session, and I submit the mo-
tion that the Senate now proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business. It will take
but a moment.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After an hour and a quarter spent
in executive session the doors were reopened.
message jfc'ilOJI the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. li. No. 38) to establish a police
court in the District of Columbia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 897) to incorporate the
Washington and Boston Steamship Company ;
A bill (H. R. No. 990) to amend an act en-
titled ''An act exempting certain property of
debtors in the District of Columbia from levy,
attachment, or sale on execution," approved
February 5. 1807;
A bill (II. II. No. 1084) to incorporate the
Washington Market Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 1188) amendatory of the
charter of the Mutual Fire Insurance Company
of the District of Columbia:
A bill (II. R. No. 1427) to provide for the
creation of corporations in the District of
Columbia by general law; and
A bill (H. li. No. 1550) to incorporate the
National Concrete Pavement Company of
Washington, District of Columbia, (Van Camp
& Hodgman's patent.)
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate
with amendments, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 215) to amend the usury laws
of the District of Columbia: and
A bill (S. No. 425) to extend the time for the
completion of the lateral branch of the Balti-
more and Potomac railroad, authorized by the
act approved February 5,1867, and to change
the location in the city of Washington along
the bank of the canal.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of the
principal chief and delegates of the Cherokee
nation of Indians, protesting against the pas-
sage of the bill (S. No. G81) to provide for
carrying into effect provisions of a treaty con-
cluded between the United States and the
Cherokee nation of Indians July 19, 1860 ;
which was ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour having expired, the' unfinished business
of Friday last, the Georgia bill, is before the
Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask that the regular order
be passed over informally until the morning
business shall have been disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Maine asks unanimous consent that the pend-
ing order, being the Georgia bill, be passed
over informally until the morning business
shall have been completed, subject to a demand
for the regular order. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none, and petitions and memorials
are in order.
Mr. HAMLIN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Maine, in favor of an appropri-
ation for the improvement of the navigation
of the Penobscot river; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from
natives of Ireland, citizens or having the in-
tention to become citizens of the United States,
praying that increased protection be given to
all industries of the country; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Ho also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying the enactment of a
law requiring that all the taxes on spirits dis-
tilled within the United States may be collected
at the distillery or distillery warehouse; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of Jacob A.
Wright and others, workmen employed in
mining iron ores and at blast-furnaces, repre-
senting that they are now working at reduced
wages, and are informed by their employers
that unless additional duties are placed on iron
they will be compelled to blow out their fur-
naces and they be thrown out of employment,
and therefore they pray an increase of the duty
on iron; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a petition of the Beaver
County (Pennsylvania) Medical Society, pray-
ing the enactment of a law conferring upon the
medical officers of the Navy such relative rank
and privileges in the service as will protect
them against the arbitrary conduct of superior
officers; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Samuel
Frank Warren, of Dougherty county, Georgia,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Saratoga county, New York, asking
for the repeal of the law imposing a tax of five
per cent, on the rental value of hotels ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of Charles
W. Whitney, praying compensation for extra
work done on the iron-clad battery Keokuk ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a petition of whole-
sale liquor-dealers and rectifiers in the county
of Alleghany, Pennsylvania, asking for the
repeal of section ninety-six of the internal tax
law and for other legislation affecting their
interests. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present six petitions of
naturalized citizens, natives of Ireland, set-
ting forth that they regard with deep concern
the efforts made to subvert the national policy
of industrial protection and the aggressive war-
fare and jealousy of American interests on the
part of England, and praying that increased
protection be given to all industries which
require it. I move the reference of these peti-
tions to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present the memorial
of the National Board of Trade of the United
States, signed by their officers, asking for the
enactment of a marine apprentice law. As
the Committee on Naval Affairs have reported
on that subject, I move that the memorial lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Norway Lake, Minnesota, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Dan-
iel J. Browne, appointed by the Commissioner
of Patents'agent to visitvarious parts of Europe
to investigate and report on the productions,
manufacture, and commerce of those countries,
praying an investigation into the manner m
which he has discharged his official duties and
the treatment he has received from his superior
in office, and that he maybe allowed compen-
sation for his time and services ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States which
shall secure to all citizens the right of suffrage
without regard to sex ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE. I present a petition from a
citizen of Portage county, Wisconsin, recom-
mending a great deal of financial reform, and
among other things an increase of the circu-
lation by the issue of ยง300,000,000 of legal
tenders. This is signed by but one citizen. I
do not know whether there are any more in
that State of that way of thinking or not. I move
its reference to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE also presented a petition of citi-
zens of Brodhead, Green county, Wisconsin,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 present the petition
of A. Savage, Robert Tillson, and numerous
others, of Quincy, Illinois, and vicinity, asking
for an incorporation and land grant for a rail-
road from the city of Brownsville, Nebraska-,
westward by way of the Republican river valley,
to the city of Denver, m Colorado. I move
its reference to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I also present the pro-
ceedings of the Board of Trade of Chicago,
asking for the passage of a bill for the improve-
ment of the harbor of that city in conformity
to the recommendation of the board of engin-
eers who examined that subject. I move their
reference to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a memorial from the colored citizens of
the lower counties of the State of Maryland,
representing that while they are nominally tree
they are still without the benefits of freedom,
and that they are in great poverty and suffer-
