J 26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Senate.
Senators from Mississippi—Mr. Saulsbury.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
of the legislation of Congress heretofore in
reference to that race; neither is it my inten-
tion unnecessarily to say anything that will
wound the tender sensibilities of a majority of
the members of this body. I know how fondly
you are attached to the negro race. I know
iiow dearly you love it. I know how it has
been the object of your legislative care and
regard. I know, when compared with the in-
terests of that once noble, proud, and elevated
race to which it is my boast to belong, but
now in your eyes the poor degraded white race,
how transcendently important in your judgment
are the interests of the negro race. I know how
vastly superior in your estimation are the mem-
bers of this negro race to the members of that
race to which you yourselves belong.
Sir, am I justified in making these remarks ?
Are they idle, unmeaning words ? I appeal to
the history of this country for the last eight
years; I appeal to the history of the legislation
of Congress for the last eight years ; i appeal
to your own recorded votes and acts in this
body ; I appeal to the speeches which you have
made on this floor, and I appeal now, sir, to
that anxiety which you all display for the hur-
ried and the immediate admission to a seat in
this high council-chamber of the nation of this
negro or mulatto man, that you may iiave a gen-
eral revel of rejoicing when what in your esti-
mation is a glorious work shall be achieved.
Mr. DliAlvIi. Willinyhonorablefriendallow
me to set him right about a matter of fact? I
wish to inform the Senator from Delaware that
the Senator elected from Mississippi (Mr.
Kevels) is not a mulatto man, but an octo-
roon, if that will make any difference in his
argument. [Laughter. J
Mr. SAULSBU11Y. And now, Mr. Presi-
dent, has it come to this that one of the chief
champions of this negro race, who has done so
limch by word and act as a member of this
body to show his sympathy ami his love for the
negro race, shall now back down from the high
exalted position which hollas heretofore occu-
pied, and say " we are not admitting a negro
or mulatto. Oh 110, sir! butwc are only admit-
ting to the Senate an octoroon?" [Laughter.]
Mr. DliAKli. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, 1 will state that it was simply out of
consideration for him that 1 desired to set him
right upon the mailer of fact. 1 supposed that
of course the intensity of the Senator's oppo-
sition to the admission of a Senator here hav-
ing any negro blood would be in proportion to
Hie intense blackness of his skin, and I wanted
to alleviate the sufferings of the Senator from
Delaware by pointing him lo the fact that it
was only an octoroon after all, and not a coal-
black negro. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAUUSBUIiY. Mr. President,, I am
not aware that the Senator from Delaware has
manifested any suffering upon this occasion or
during the progress of the debate in reference
to the admission of this man ; and J know that
lender sensibility of character, that fine, deli-
cate sense of propriety, which always char-
acterize the action and the conduct of the
honorable member from Missouri—I know
these things too well to believe that he would
obtrude his kindness even upon as humble an
individual as he who now addresses the Senate
when his kindness was not sought, or at least
when there was 110 assurance that it would be
appreciated.
lJut, now, Mr. President, since the honor-
able member and those who act with him in
this body have for the moment backed down
from the vindication of the propriety of the
admission of a negro or a mulatto to a seat in
the Senate of the United States, and only take
a smaller dose, the admission of an octoroon,
I shall oppose the admission of this octoroon
for a few moments upon the same principles
and upon the same questions of law and for
the same reasons that I would oppose the ad-
mission of what I suppose to have been the
object dearest to the Senator's heart and those
who act with him, the admission of a negro
out and out.
When yesterday there was presented to this
body what purported to be a certificate of the
election by the Legislature of the State of
Mississippi of this person claiming a seat upon
this floor, I felt it my duty to object to the
reception of the paper on the ground that it
was not such a paper as evidenced a valid elec-
tion to the Senate of the United States by the
Legislature of that State. Reflection has con-
vinced me more thoroughly that the objection
which I then made is perfectly sound. And
now, Mr. President, if there were no other
reason than the objection started in limine to
the reception of the proposed evidence of elec-
tion, why these pretended credentials should
go to the Committee on the Judiciary, 1 say
that is reason sufficient of itself. You have
an act of Congress, passed in 1866, and cited
by the honorable member from Missouri him-
self yesterday, which requires that an election
to membership in this body by a State Legis-
lature shall be certified by the Governor of the
State and countersigned by the secretary of
State.
Sir, you have 110 such certificate in this case.
What have you? You have a paper signed,
or a certificate signed, by one Major General
Ames, commander of this military district, and
who also attaches to it the words " provisional
governor of Mississippi." For all practical
and legal purposes, and for all truthful pur-
poses, he might as well have signed himself
'• major general commanding that military dis-
trict and the great tycoon." lie never was
provisional governor of Mississippi; and there-
fore the suggestion made yesterday, that being
provisional governor of Slississippi, and sign-
ing the certificate as provisional governor of
that Slate, met the requirements of the act of
Congress, has 110 force. It was then alleged
that the credentials of the Senators from the
State of Virginia were certified to by the pro-
visional governor of that State. Well, sir, it
is a fact, bo far as the Slate of Virginia is con-
cerned, that the eerliticate was so certified ; but
then there was a person in the State of Virginia,
Mr. Walker, who, whether his commission as
provisional governor of Virginia was valid or
not, held the appointment of provisional gov-
ernor of Virginia. But I ask you, sir, where
is t.lie authority for the assertion that General
Ames was ever provisional governor of Mis-
sissippi? lie was major general by brevet in
the Army of the United States, and assigned
lo the command of the military department
in which the State of Mississippi was included.
But when, where, by whom was he appointed
provisional governor of the State of Missis-
sippi ?
X offered a resolution this morning in this
body asking the President of the United States
to communicate to the Senate any commission
or power of appointment under which General
Ames assumed to act as the provisional gov-
ernor of Mississippi; and if there was no such
commission or appointment in writing, by what
authority he assumed so to act. What did the
Senate do? What did the honorable member
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who per-
haps may be regarded as the particular cham-
pion of the admission of the claimant to a seat
in this body? He objected to the present con-
sideration of the resolution, and therefore we
cannot have theinformationfrom the President
of the United States to-day.
What does this show? There is circumstan-
tial evidence in this case which, in the absence
of positive testimony, to my mind is strong,
and which I shall hold to be conclusive proof
of the assertion which I made, that this man
never was provisional governor of Mississippi
until his appointment or authority so to act
shall be exhibited to this body. What is that,
sir ? I appeal to the current news of the day,
that which you have all seen and read, that
some time, I think it was in the month of
January, this General Ames, being in command
of the military department in which the State
of Mississippi is included, issued an order of
his own motion, of his own authority, speak-
ing for himself, and in the plenitude of that
power which these military satraps assume to
themselves, appointing the Governor-elect of
the State of Mississippi, Governor Alcorn, to
be provisional governor of the State of Mis-
sissippi. General Ames, as military commander
of the department in which the State of Mis-
sissippi was included, issues an order appoint-
ing Governor Alcorn to be provisional gov-
ernor of the State of Mississippi! He then
himself, at that time, was not, I presume, pro-
visional governor of Mississippi; because if
he was at that time provisional governor of
Mississippi I presume that even those who advo-
cate the most extensive powers in the hands
of these military commanders will not assume
that he could transmit that authority to act as
military governor to whomsoever he pleased.
It was not an estate in his hands, I presume.
It was not an estate in fee in General Ames,
and therefore transmissible and transferable
by him to whomsoever he pleased ; and neither
if he had happened to die would it have
descended to his heirs.
I assume, then, Mr. President, that at the
date of that order, in the month of January,
General Ames was not himself provisional
governor of Mississippi, because the very act
of assuming to and in -feet issuing a general
order appointing Governor Alcorn to be pro-
visional governor of the State is inconsistent
with the fact that he himself was provisional
governor at that time, the office of provisional
governor, whatever it may be, whatever may
be its powers, whether it has any or not, never
having been claimed by anybody to be trans-
ferable at will from one holder to another ; and
here I will remark in reference to that corre-
spondence that the reply of Governor Alcorn,
refusing the appointment of provisional gov-
ernor, did great credit to him. I ought, per-
haps, to read the substance of that reply in
justice to Governor Alcorn, whom you rejected
once as a member of this body, and whose cre-
dentials as a Senator-elect from the State of
Mississippi, when presented, you would not
consider.
Governor Alcorn appeared in the Senate of
the United States after the termination of the
war as a Senator-elect from the State of Missis-
sippi. This body would not even act upon his
credential, or give to them the least considera-
tion. lie was not then in that happy frame
of mind to commend himself to your favorable
consideration ; he had been connected, I be-
lieve, with the soathern confederacy, and had
seen some active service in the field. Since
then—and you will allow this by way of digres-
sion, because it is pleasant to me sometimes
to stir up your very pure minds by way of
remembrance—a change has come over Gov-
ernor Alcorn. He is the same man; his former
term is not expired, but his political associa-
tions have changed, and there is the magic of
the thing. Coming here elected by his State
to represent the State, his credentials were not
even considered; but since that time he has
taken a dose of that peculiar medicine which
you always keep in the Republican apothecary
shop [laughter] to apply to sick patients polit-
ically. lie has taken a dose, whether large or
small I do not know, but your doctors in that
particular branch of medical science consider
that it has been sufficient to heal him of past
diseases, to make him a well man, and to qual-
ify him to be 11 member in your political church;
a political saint, equal, perhaps, in his polit-
ical virtues to yourselves; a sufficient dose of
