1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4917
Why, Mr. President, if, in an unfortunate
hour, Congress permitted a bill to become a
law that is ambiguous in its phraseology, under
which it is supposed to have agreed to violate
its plighted faith with these Indian nations,
ought it not to embrace the first opportunity
to correct the wrong? Is tbe faith plighted
by the nation to a railroad company more
sacred than the faith of the nation plighted to
these sixty-odd thousand Indians? And does
not this suggestion acquire additional force
from the consideration that these Indians are
our wards? The railroad companies are not.
We are the Indians' guardian; we have obli-
gated ourselves in the face of the civilized world
to protect their rights. If, in an unguarded
moment, by an oversight of legislation, we have
come near permitting others to trample on the
rights of our wards, ought we not to embrace
the first opportunity to correct tbe error?
This company is here asking for amended
legislation. It is said by some that their rights
under their charter have been forfeited, that
they have been unable to fulfill its conditions ;
hence they come to Congress for remedial
legislation. Their rights, therefore, have lapsed
by their own neglect; they come here virtually
for a renewal of their charter. Now, in grant-
ing them this renewal, may we not correct the
errors of the old instrument and remove the
evil of which the Indians have just cause of
complaint, and which is necessary to enable
us to keep our plighted faith with the wards
of the Government?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered, and no quorum voted last night.
Mr. HO WAUL). I hope this amendment
will not prevail. Mr. President, what is con-
templated by this biil is no violation of the
faith of the United States with the Indians at
all. The charter of the company enacted in
18G6 declares:
"The United States shall extinguish as rapidly as
may be consistent with public policy and the welfare
of the Indians, and only by their voluntary cession,
the Indian title to all lands falling under the opera-
tion of this act and required in the donation to the
road named in the act."
That is all there is of it. If any road is con-
structed through the Indian country of which
the Senator speaks it must be by the free con-
sent of the Indians. If any alternate sections
of land arc granted in tbe Indian territory to
aid in the construction of this road the same
will be the case; those sections can only be
acquired by the company by the free consent
of the Indians. All the United States have
agreed to do is under the charter to use their
g )od offices and make some reasonable en-
deavor to procure the right of way through the
Indian territory, and also alternate sections of
land. If the United States shall fail to do
this in consequence of the non-consent of the
Indian tribes, then tbe enterprise so far as the
Indian country is concerned is a failure ; the
road cannot pass through the Indian country.
That is all there is of it. The company is to
take this risk.
But I do object to striking out of the charter
of this company the assurance given by the
United States that they will use their good
offices, that they will make some endeavor at
least to procure the right of way and alternate
sections of land through the Indian country.
That is all the United States have agreed to
do. The amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa releases the Government of the
United States from that undertaking. It seeais
to me, therefore, that such an amendment is
plainly in violation of the charter itself, and
takes away from the company something which
belongs to them under the charter. 1 prefer
to let the legislation on the subject of the In-
dian territory stand precisely as it is, not to
change it one way or the other, ihe company
must take this risk at any rate. They are will-
ing to take it; and if the Indians part with
any of their lands it will be by their own free
consent.
A treaty was made with these Indian tribes
on the 19th of July, 181SC, in which, in article
eleven, it is provided that—
"The Cherokee nation hereby grant a right of
way not exceeding two hundred feet wide, except at
stations, switches, water-stations, or crossing of riv-
ers, where more may bo indispensable to the fall
enjoyment of the franchise heroin granted, and then
only two hundred additional foot shall be taken, and
only for such length as may be absolutely necessary,
through all their lands to any company or corpora-
tion which shall be duly authorised by Congress to
construct a railroad from any point north to any
point south, and from any point oast to any point
west of, and which may pass through tho Chcrokeo
nation."
There the Indians have already agreed to
grant this right of way. It is true the treaty
does not grant alternate sections, but simply
grants the right of way. I do not ask any-
thing further. The company ask nothing more
than what the treaty grants and the chatter
authorizes. I hope, therefore, that this amend •
ment will not prevail.
I will not now say anything about the incon-
venience to the people of the United States of
a large portion of the continent in the center
thereof being shut up and embargoed against
the approaches of civilization and the improve-
ments of civilization. I say nothing about
that now—-time will not allow—except that it
will be found in the end, if this principle of
non-access to the Indian territory prevails, to
be a very great inconvenience to the people
of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. I trust, Mr. President, that
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa will
prevail. It is itself subordinate to the treaty
obligations on the part of the United States to
the Indians. Indeed, it admits of some ques-
tion whether it is not an infringement of the
rights of the Indians under treaty obligations
of the United States. However that may be,
it is palpable and undeniable that the provision
in the act which he proposes to reform^is in
violation of tho treaty between the United
States and the Indian tribes.
I deny that any company can get a right by
an act of Congress that is in conflict with a
treaty between the United States and an Indian
tribe, because by the provision of the Consti-
tution the treaties of the United States are
expressly made the supreme law of the land.
If, then, an act of Congress in conflict with a
treaty with an Indian nation or with any other
Power is made the act of Congress is void by
the plain and express letter of the Constitution.
Sir, the exposition of this matter by the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and his appeal to the Senate of the
United States to observe faith and confidence
with the Indian tribes and respect for the sol-
emn treaties of the United States, has not been
answered, and cannot be answered. Congress
cannot infringe these obligations entered into
under the sanctities of a treaty, or the princi-
ples of justice, or the rights of humanity, or the
weakness of the Indian tribes, without disgrace
and humiliation.
Sir, no company can acquire any right,
accomplished or inchoate, by a law of Con-
gress that is in conflict with a treaty with an
Indian nation. Here, sir, is the most solemnly
stipulated faith and honor of the United States
that these Indians shall have the lands assigned
to them as their home forever, and that the
United States will guaranty them the peace-
able possession of the country so assigned them
against all intrusion; and here is an act ot
Congress granting a cliarter to a company that
is in conflict with the faith and obligation of
tho nation as pledged in those treaties.
Sir, an act of Congress that attempts to create,
to establish any right whatever, complete or
incomplete, that is at all in conflict with the
obligation or spirit of the obligation created by
these treaties, is utterly null and void. _ Not
only that, it is in violation of national laith, it
is in derogation of the national character ; and
to say that any such enactment as that institutes
or establishes any obligation on the part of the
Government to that company, or any right in
the company in derogation of the rights of the
Indians as guarantied by solemn treaty, is
untrue, is absurd.
Sir, it is time to commence to observe faith
with the Indians. If it is not intended will-
fully and prepense to have continued trouble
and quarrels and wars with the Indian tribes,
and to degrade us in the presence of the civil-
ized world, it is timo to commence to preserve
faith with the Indians by a strict compliance
with tho treaty obligations. The amendment
of the honorable Senator from Iowa is in strict
conformity to the treaties. It is in strict con-
formity to the duty and the obligation of the
Government toward these Indians, and that
obligation of the Government to the Indians
cannot be maintained, but it would be flagrantly
and disgracefully violated unless the proposi-
tion of the honorable Senator from Iowa were
adopted by the Senate. I therefore trust, for
the character of the nation, that the legislation
of Congress and the treaties which the Govern-
ment may make with the Indian tribes shall
not be utterly and shamelessly and wantonly
abandoned. I hope that the Senate will yet do
something to rescue the suffering character of
the nation in relation to its stipulations with
these Indians in their treaties.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thequestionison
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. MORTON. If I thought this question
could be settled in the next ten minutes I
would yield 
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator to yield
to me for the purpose of moving to take up
tho Southern Pacific railroad bill. By an un-
derstanding with the gentlemen interested in
that bill I propose to make a single correction
which will makeitentirely satisfactory to every-
body.
Mr. NYE. I want to get through with this
bill first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the
correction which the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania desires made?
Mr. CAMERON. The correction is to fix
the amount of foreign iron to be used at twenty
thousand tons.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania suggests that by unanimous con-
sent the Southern Pacific railroad bill shall be
amended so that the amount of foreign iron to
be used shall be limited to twenty thousand
tons.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California objects, and it therefore can only be
reached by a reconsideration. The Senator
from Indiana is entitled lo the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. My motion stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider is pending.
Mr. MORTON. 1 desire to make one remark
before I make a motion. I am advised by very
high authority from the House of Represent-
atives that it is the general opinion there that
no railroad bill can pass the House at this
session for this reason: they have now one
hundred and fifty bills on the Speaker's tabic,
and it requires a vote of two thirds to take up
a bill out of its order. Whatever may be tho
merits of the bill 1 am told—-and I say this in
no spirit of hostility to this bill—no railroad
bill can pass tho House at this session ia the
present condition of business there. However
that may be, 1 feel constrained from other con-
siderations which the members of the Senate
will understand to move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. HOWARD. I think we can take a vote
on this bill now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas# and
nays on the motion of the Senator from Indiana,
