1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2085
ing. They ask Congress to pass a law to make
effective the late amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States as applied to the
State o£ Maryland. I move the reference of
the memorial to the Committoe on the Judi-
ciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I present a petition of
certain mine owners in Virginia City, Nevada,
who live along the line where the Sutro tunnel
grant exists, who ask that the provision in the
law which prohibits them from having their
patents may be repealed, and that they may
have their patents as other miners. _ I move
its reference to the Committee on Mines and
Mining.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of a
number of liquor merchants of the twenty-
second district of Pennsylvania, praying the
enactment of a law at an early day repealing
all conflicting sections of the internal tax laws,
and especially repealing section ninety-six of
those laws, and prescribing a special penalty,
according to the degree of crime, for each
offense committed against the laws, so that a
mere technical error may not be visited by as
severe a penalty as an actual fraud; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a memorial,
numerously signed by residents of the city of
Home, in the State of New York, remonstrat-
ing against any revival by law of the income
tax for reasons whieb they assign. I move its
reference to the Committee on Finance.
Tbe motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I also present the me-
morial of .J. Douglass Brown, a resident of the
State of Kentucky, asking that bis political
disabilities be removed; in which request
various other citizens concur. I move its ref-
erence to the select Committee on the Uemoval
of Political Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NORTON presented the petition of Wil-
liam W. Sweeney, president, and Charles N.
Hewitt, secretary, in behalf and by order of
the Goodhue County Medical Society, Minne-
sota, praying the enactment of a law confer-
ring upon the medical officers of the Navy such
relative rank and privileges in the scrvice as
will protect them against the arbitrary con-
duct of superior officers; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
lie also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, praying that such steps
may bo taken on the part of the United States
us maybe necessary for the reduction of postal
rates between this country and the kingdoms
of Norway, Sweden, and Denmark; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the removal
of all Indians from Lake Traverse reservation
who are not authorized to remain on that res-
ervation by the treaty of 1802, and also in
favor of preventing all Indians other than those
authorized by that treaty to locate on the Lake
Traverse reservation from being harbored or
permitted to remain on the reservation in the
future; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petitions of
W. W. Cox, of Madison county, Alabama, and
F, A. Koss, of Colbert county, Alabama, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
James M. Piggat, Fineastle, Botetourt county,
Virginia; of W. B. Peterman and D. C. Kes-
ner, Abingdon, Virginia; of Charles H. Cas-
per, Botetourt county,Virginia; of L.R.Ward,
Wythe county, Virginia; of Henry H. Hush,
Halifax county, Virginia; of William R. Rhea,
Washington county, Virginia;_ of C. R. Mc-
Dannalcl, Bath county, Virginia; of George
Mayse, Bath county, Virginia; of N. B. Clarke,
Hanover county, Virginia; of Uriah Fugate,
Scott county, Virginia ; of William T.^ Talia-
ferro, Franklin county, Virginia; of Thomas
J. Fuller, Scott county, Virginia; of W. J.
Clayter, Bedford county, Virginia; of S. C.
Slater, New Kent county, Virginia ; of_N. J.
McGinnis, Washington county, Virginia ; of
James W. Logan, Roanoke county, Virginia;
of Robert E. Cummings, Washington county,
Virginia; of W.W.Wood, Halifax county,
Virginia; of James W. Morgan, Lynchburg,
Virginia; of Thomas S. Johnson, Russell
county, Virginia; of M. C. Cardozo, Lunen-
burg county, Virginia ; of Evan Kindriek,
Russell county, Virginia; of Robert C. Burk-
holder, Lynchburg, Virginia; of James A.
Goalder, King and Queen county, Virginia;
of Joshua M. Fields, Scott county, Virginia;
of Martin B. Quillin and Joseph T. Laue,
Scott county, Virginia, praying the removal
of their political disabilities; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CASSERLY presented the petition of
Henry H. Peck, of Staunton, Augusta county,
Virginia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities ; which wag referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of W. II.
Stephens, Caswell county, North Carolina; of
William H. Cheek, Warren county, North Car-
olina; of Peter Adams, of Guilford county,
North Carolina; of James 15. Kerr, Rowan
county, North Carolina; of T. J. Johnson,
Henderson county, North Carolina, and of
J. R. Stephens and Thomas J. Foster, of North
Carolina, praying the removal of their political
disabilities ; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. REVELS presented the petitions of A.
J. Kineaid, David Oogsdalc, and John M.
Suratt, of Corinth, Mississippi, praying the
removal of their political disabilities ; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
liemoval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. IIOWELL presented a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of Iowa, relating to
the initial point of the Union Pacific railroad,
and representing that the connection of Iowa
railroads with tho Union Pacific railroad as
now made is a great burden upon the Iowa
railroads, &c., and instructing their Senators
and Representatives in Congress to take such
measures as to them seem best for tho purpose
of compelling tho Union Pacific railroad to
comply with its charter; which was referred to
the Committeo on tho Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to bo printed.
Mr. CRAG IN. I present a petition of Wal-
ter Harriman and others, representing that
Captain Joshua 1''. Littlefield was serving as
captain in the second New Hampshire volun-
teers in the early part of the rebellion, but was,
in August, 1862, appointed lieutenant colonel
in the eleventh New Hampshire volunteers,
and was about to resign his captaincy in the
second to be mustered as lieutenant colonel in
the eleventh when the second Bull Run battle
was impending, and that he desired to com-
mand his company in that battle, and then to
resign and to accept tho higher rank which
awaited him, but was mortally wounded ; tho
petitioners therefore pray the passage of a
special act granting to the surviving widow of
Colonel Littlefield a pension in accordance
with the rank to which ho had been appointed,
and in which he would liave been mustered
before the dafof the battle in which he lost
his life. I move ils reference to the Committee
on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN also presented the petition of
J. R. Kendrick, praying the establishment of
a mail route from Gilmanton to Pittsfield, pass-
ing through Lower Gilmanton, Loudon Ridge,
and Loudon Center, three times a week each ;
also, from Gilmanton Iron Works to Barnstead,
and from East NorLhwood to Epsom Depot
daily; which was referred to the Committee oil
Post Offices and Post Roads.
PAW3RS WITHDRAWN AND llEFI'.KJIED.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That tbe petition and papers of E. C.
Morrison bo taken from the tiles of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to give notice
of an amendment to be offered to the deficiency
appropriation bill; and I move its reference to
the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
KEPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SCHURZ, from the Committee an Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred tho joint
resolution (S. R. No. 158) for the relief of Brig-
adier General Gabriel R. Paul, of the United
States Army, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 115) for the relief of the
first battalion heavy artillery of Massachusetts
volunteers, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 6G8) to enable
the Secretary of War to revise the general
regulations for tho government of tho Army,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committeo on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 579) to create additional land districts
in tho Territory of Dakota, to bo called the
Springfield and Pembina districts, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Mary Dunn, praying the restoration of her
plantation in South Carolina, reported a bill
(S. No. 087) for tho relief of Mrs. MaryDimn,
of South Carolina.
Ho also, from the bame committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles P. Red-
mond, praying that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be authorized to refund to him certum
money paid by him to the United States diree,,
tax commissioner for Arkansas for the pur-
chase of a certain lot in Little Rock, Arkansas
reported a bill (S. No. G88) for the relief of
Charles P. Redmond.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committeo on Claims,
to whom was referred tho petition of John A.
Sutter, praying compensation for land owned
by him in California, and held under Mexican
grants, which was settled upon and occupied
by settlers from the United States, under the
plea that it was public land, after the conquest
of California, and indemnity for tho seizure
and destruction of large quantities of his lsve
stock by parties of emigrants from tho Unite;!
States, ask to be discharged from its further
consideration.
t desire to say one word in reference to this
claim. General Sutter acquired a largo tract
of land just prior to the occupation of Califor-
nia by the United States. It was one of those
five grants made by the Mexican Government
which the Supreme Court havo disallowed.
The courts have confirmed to General Sutter
a former grant to a large property. General
Sutter further claims damages for stock taken
and for the moneys received by the United
States from settlers on the grant referred to.
The people of tho United States are under great
obligation to General Sutter for his hospitali-
ties to destitute emigrants, and for having early
discovered through his labors tbe gold fields
of California. The Government cannot always
sufficiently reward the patriotic acts and self-
sacrifices of every citizen. He must at times
make those sacrifices without pecuniary recog-
nition, but will live in their memory with giai-
itude long after lie shall have ceased to exist.
Such seems to your committee to be the case
of General Sutter. They therefore asl; tnat
they be discharged from its farther consider-
ation.
