1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3029
be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who shall cause proper
plans and estimates to be made, so that no
expenditure shall be made or authorized for
the full completion of the building and pay-
roeut for the site thereof beyond the amount
herein appropriated; but no money hereby
appropriated is to be used or applied for the
purposes mentioned until a valid title to the
land for the site of such building shall be vested
in the United States, nor until the State shall
also duly release and relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or in any way assess the
site or the property of the United States that
may be thereon during the timethatthe United
States shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is sug-
gested to me that the title should be approved
by the Attorney General. I have no objection
to that amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is always done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is always
done as a matter of course, I suppose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Departments never
take a title until it is approved by the Attorney
General.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will not
insist on the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that that is
the invariable rule of the Departments. I have
had business of that kind with the Departments
on several occasions, and they never accept a
title except it is approved by the Attorney
General.
Mr. FENTON. I have no objection to the
amendment which is suggested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York states that he has no objection
to the proposed amendment, and it will be
regarded as agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Vermont if there ought not to be a
provision in the bill limiting the cost of the
building.
. Mr. FENTON. It is limited.
Mr. HOWE. I did not hear it.
Mr. MOIuRILL, of Vermont. It is provided
as stringently as possible that nothing is to be
done until previous estimates have been made,
and the contracts have been made, so. as not
to exceed the amount appropriated.
Mr. SUMNER. I am ready to take any-
thing on this subject that the Senator from
Vermont reports.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We propose
to report but three or four bills of this char-
acter, and they will be for buildings in the
capitals of States.
Mr. HOWE. The very gracious state of
mind in which I find the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts rather mortifies me, [laugh-
ter;] but nevertheless I should like to hear the
bill reported once more. ,
The Secretary read the bill. .
Mr. HOWARD. I move to strike out the
word "three" and insert "two," so as to
make the appropriation $200,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Michigan that this is to be a
building in a very considerable city, where the
postages amount to nearly one hundred thou-
sand dollars a year, and they have no Gov-
ernment buildings there whatever. This build-
ing is to accommodate the district and cir-
Icuitcourts, the custom-house, internal revenue
• offices, marshal's office, and the post office, and
we have put the sum, down $200,000 below
what the petition and the various reports on
the subject demanded. Believing that $300,-
000 would answer the purpose, and that noth-
ing less would, we reported that amount.
_ Mr. HOWARD. The Government erected a
similar building at Cleveland, Ohio, a similar
one at Detroit, Michigan, another one of .the
same kind at Milwaukee, all of those cities, I
think, being larger than Albany- 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ob,mo.'
Mr. HOWARD. Possessing a larger com-
merce, more .important,in the, scale .of com-
merce, to say the least, than Albany; and I
think that neither of those buildings cost more
than $110,000. It seems to me the Albany
people are asking a pretty large amount to
build a similar structure in Albany.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no doubt that the
Government is now paying more for the rent
of public buildings-there than the interest on
this sum amounts to, and if a building is to
be erected by the Government of the United
States there it certainly should not be a mean
building.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
to the Senator from. Michigan that we had
various delegations from the city of Albany
before us representing all the facts in the case,
and it will cost something considerable even
to obtain the proper site for the building. We
have left it in a way that will probably force
the citizens of Albany to contribute at least
one half of the cost of the site in order to
have a proper building for the city as the cap-
ital of the largest State in the Union.
Mr. RAMSEY. And a building erected by
the Federal Government you certainly do not
want to be a mean one.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to have a
•jrote qf the Senate on my amendment.
Mr. COLE,- The amount of the appropria-
tion was made lower than it otherwise would
have been on account of a suggestion made
by a committee of citizens there that the city of
Albany itself would in all probability furnish a
site for the building, bo that the entire appro-
priation might be expended in the erection of
the building. There is a hope that that may
be the case, and it is supposed if that is the
case that $300,000 would only make an ade-
quate building to supply the needs of the city.
Mr. HOWARD. If that be the case $200,-
000 would be quite sufficient. If the good
people of Albany intend to furnish the site for
the building, that will lessen the cost somewhat
of the entire structure. I insist on my amend-
ment.
Mr. COLE. The Senator certainly did not
understand my remark. I stated that it was
supposed that $300,000 would be only adequate
to put up the building even if a site should be
procured. The estimates were considerably
more than that, for the building and the site
would'Coat we do not know exactly how much ;
probably fifty or one hundred thousand dollar^.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
cannot be unmindful of the fact that it will
depend very much on the kind of building that
is put up^ whether it will cost $300,000 or
$3,000,000. It seems to me that $200,000 is
sufficient.
Mr. RAMSEY, When we consider the char-
acter of the city, the amount of its population,
and the character and resources of the nation
that is to erect this building, without any dis-
respect to the Senator from Michigan, I hope
we shall vote down the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will fltate
that the other bills we have reported for smaller
cities are limited to $100,000; but in consid-
eration of the vast amount of business of the
circuit and district court, the custom-house,
the internal revenue offices, the post office,
and various other departments to be accom-
modated in this building at Albany, we put it
at the very lowest possible sum that would
erect the building and make it a respectable
public edifice for the State of New York.
. Mr. FENTON. I do not wish to discuss
this bill; I am sure it is not necessary. The
committee have carefully considered the mat-
ter and came to the conclusion that $300,000
was a good and sufficient sum for the proposed
improvement. Looking to the business, wealth,
ana population of Albany, I thought the sum
small, but the liberality of the Albanians is
an assurance that any deficit important in the
construction of a first-cLass building will be
made up, I hope the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan will be voted down aod the
bill passed as it is now reported.'
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan to reduce the amount to
$200,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move to amend the
bill by striking out "three" and inserting
"four," so as to make the appropriation
$400,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
JAMES C. SLOO.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 144) for the relief
of James C. Sloo.
The Secretary read the joint resolution. It
requires the Postmaster General to alio w James
C. Sloo, late postmaster at Cairo, Illinois, an
additional credit of $2,000 as services as such
postmaster from July 1, 1864, to July 1,1860.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the joint resolution with an
amendment, to strikeout "$2,000" and in-
sert "$1,400.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a report
accompanying this joint resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read.
Mr. ANTHONY. Probably the Senator
reporting it can state the substance of it to
< save time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; let us have the report
read.
! The Secretary read the following report,
1 submitted by Mr. Ramsey, from the Committee
, on Post Offices and Post Roads, on the 29th
of March :
I The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
j whom was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 144)
j for the relief of James C. Sloo, having had the samo
under consideration, bee leave to make the following
| report:
I That from the 1st day of July, 1804, to the 1 st day
I of July, I860, James O. Sloo mis postmaster at Cairo.
i Illinois, at a salary fixed at $3,000, ia pursuance of
! the law of July 1, 1864, which provides that " when-
j ever the compensation of postmasters of the Several
I offioos for the two consecutive years preceding the
I 1st day of July, 1861, shall have amounted to- an
j average annual sum not less than ©3.000, such offices
shall be assigned to the first class;" and the pay of
postmasters of this class cannot exceed $4,000, nor bo
less than $3,000.
The basis of estimate of t'uo salaries of the various
classes named in said act was the average cornpen.-.a-
tion of tho postmasters of the respective offices lor
the two years next preceding tho 1st of J uly,, 1864,
according to the lormer method of compensation.
The claimant represents that under the former
system, namely, that of commissions and hox rents,
his salary would have been more than 83.700 a year
instead of $3,030, aud that in consequence of the sal-
ary being improperly tixed at $3,000, on account of
tho Post Office Department not being in possession
of accurate information at that tirno of the amauat
, of revenue derived from box rents, ho should now
be allowed tho $1,400 difference.
It appears that tho office at .that time was the dis-
tributing office for our southwestern army, and that
the service was of an extent and character to demand
more than the ordinary care and labor appertaining
to an offiee of that class: in fact, was second in that
| respect to no other office in tho West except that of
| Chicago.
j In support of thii application tho claimant pro-
duces letters from Hon. A. W. Randall, Postmaster
General, and from Hon. St. John B. L, Skinncr,lfirst
Assistant Postmaster General.
' Mr. Randall, in reply to a letter addressed to him
by Mr. Ferky, of the House of Representatives,
states that there i3 no doubt but that tho postmaster
at Cairo received less salary for tho two years men-
tioned than ho would havo under tho old commission
■ system, as under that his pay would have been 83,700
a year instead of $3,000, making adiffcrence of $1,400
in his favor. He adds: "But tho salary having been
fixwi as required by law, 1 did not feel justified in
reviewing tho matter without further legislation.
The claim seems to be equitable." Mr. Randall's
letter contains the following indorsement by the
present Postmaster General:
Post Office Depaetmext, March 5,1870.
On a careful examination of t.he within statements
! made by the late Postmaster General I am satisfied
they are as therein set forth. _
JNO. A. J. CRESWELL,
j Postmaster General.
I The letter of Mr. Skinner is corroborative of the
figures of Mr. Randall's letter, and of tho statement
of the claimant that the labor at this office was very
arduous.
