1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
have been applied to it; and the opinion, more
weighty than all the others, of a scientific gen-
tleman bas been read—I mean that of Prof.
Peirce of the Coast Survey Office—but with the
important omission that the question stated to
Prof. Peirce does not appear, and it may well
be said that until you know the basis of a man's
opinions von cannot very well estimate their
value or applicability.
Now, against all this stands twenty years of
practice under this law. Ihe books and the
calculations of the Department, all made upon
the basis of this method of compensation,
verify the accuracy of Judge Underwood's
demonstration. It were an easy matter, if this
proposition were untrue, to state a hypothet-
ical case and prove it to be so ; and yet despite
of all that has been said against this proposition,
no proof of a character that ought easily to be
obtained, if it were obtainable at all, has been
offered to the Senate. Until it is done, there-
fore, I propose to stand by the law as tested.
I understand that in all cases, both in 1850 and
in 1SC0, under this law, the Department beiug
possessed of the number of dwelling-houses
and of the area of the districts in which the
officers were placed, was enabled in advance
to compute the mileage due to the enumerat-
ing officers: and that in few or no cases was
tkiscalculation found to differ from the returns
subsequently made by the officers themselves
when they claimed their pay. I submit, there-
fore, that a law so practically tested in so many
thousand cases ought not to be idly laughed
away. It is the product of an honest and an
able mind, and it ha3 been tested in the severest
manner by practical experience.
It is for the reasons I have stated, very imper-
fectly, that I propose that the census of the
United States shall be taken under the existing
law.
Very sensible amendments have been offered
by the honorable Senator from Vermont, and
Others, to increase the statistical information
of the country in regard to certain leading
products, many of which have been mainly
developed since 1860, such as petroleum, the
wine-growing interest of the country, and
others of a very interesting and important
character. To all such inquiries I profess
myself friendly, and in an humble way shall
endeavor to aid them as best I may; but I
submit to the Senate whether we have not
already some machinery better adapted for the
purpose of obtaining this information, and not
waiting for it until the time which will be re-
quisite for its being obtained under the present
law.
On the 20th of July, 1866, there was estab-
lished by law, and attached to the Department
of the Treasury, a bureau styled the Bureau
of Statistics. The Secretary of the Treasury
was authorized to appoint a director to super-
intend and control the business of the bureau,
who should be paid an aunual salary, &c.
Without reading this law at length, I will merely
remind the Senate that the obtaining of a vast
number of statistics was provided for by this
law, and it was made the duty of the director
to make a report from time to time, as therein
ordered, of the various industrial branches and
the resources of the country to the Treasury
Department, and through that Department to
tbe Congress of the United States. I shall not
fatigue the Senate by reading the list of the
various branches of industry to which his atten- !
tion was directed. I will simply state that it
includes as a leading measure almost every
branch of commerce, of navigation, of internal
and external trade, and matters which would
necessarily lead to a consideration of the very
heads which have been suggested by Senators
••vs proper amendments to the schedules of the
existing law.
At a subsequent date there was a change
made in the title of that officer, but he still
ei.sts. Under the law of July 22, 1868, he
was termed the " Special Commissioner of the
Revenue," but he still stands with extensive
powers and duties under the law to inquire
into the whole condition of the country for the
purpose of ascertaining its capacity and lia-
bility for taxation and to equalize the burdens
which war has thrown upon the people.
With the wondrous development of the re-
sources of our country and national wealth
has proceeded equally a power and a disposi-
tion to tax those resources wherever they are
found. There is not a foot of habitable coun-
try within our borders which the step of the
tax-gatherer does not tread or his message
reach. With assessors and collectors, inspect-
ors and agents, numbered by tens of thousands,
cannot the return of all products and resources
of the country and every other fact of interest
be easily attained with no additional expense
beyond the cost of the blanks and ot their
transmission? As I have said, unless such
labor is systematically pursued by properly
qualified persons the result will be worse thau
useless, and for this purpose it can and ought
to be made by our present officers. A slight
amendment of the existing laws will produce
this result. Such facts would be thus more
intelligently obtained, and being returned in
general under oath would be presumably more
reliable.
Being sincerely anxious that the whole ques-
tion of statistics should be studied and every
aid given to the development of a true system,
I cannot as at present advised give an off-hand,
hasty approval of this House bill, which I con-
sider of very doubtful practicability, which
involves labor, which will be not only enor-
mously expensive, but will occupy, as I believe,
the whole of ten years to come and will be
reproduced in some ten or a dozen bulky vol-
umes which will not be obtainable by the public
at large nor appreciated by them if obtained.
The present law has been assailed in the
course of this debate with very unmeasured
abuse. It has, by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, been termed antediluvian and bar-
barous ; has been ridiculed; has been pro-
nounced utterly impracticable ; but there is a
very plain answer to all these charges, since it
has performed well a great duty. The last
census taken under this law has been declared
; by the highest European and American author-
: ities the best that the world has yet seen. If
tbe honorable Senator from Massachusetts shall
1 scoff at it in his anxiety to see the new bill take
; its place, and thereby gratify his friends in the
! other House, we must let Europe answer his
: criticism by the voice of Guizot, and the United
! States by the testimony of General William T.
Sherman.
I think the fact stated by General Sherman,
! in the letter read on Monday last by the chair-
i man of the committee, is one of the most re-
' markable commentaries, not only upon the
practical value of statistics, but upon the accu-
racy of the work performed under the law that
has been made the subject of so much deris-
. ion. It was that he, when prosecxting his
campaign through the southern States, and
cutting himself loose from his base at Atlanta,
was guided entirely for the support of his
great army by the knowledge he obtained from
; the census of 1860 as prepared under the exist-
! ing law ; that by the aid of that census report
1 he knew where to obtain his supplies for that
vast moving body of men, and in no case was
he deceived. This testimony is most remark-
able, and I think it should go very far, not
; only to establish the reputation of the ruling
mind tinder which that census was prepared,
but also to show that a law competent to pro-
duce such results is not to be termed useless,
impracticable, barbarous, and antediluvian.
S The letter of General Sherman was read in the
i Senate, and I will not repeat it now. Will it
j not be a reflection upon our system of public
1 employment, if the abilities whose aid was so
! timely and valuable to the General of our
j armies should not again be brought into pub-
ij lie service in the census to be taken in the
'I present year?
I am well aware that this subject is appar-
ently exceedingly uninteresting to the Senate,
and I am still more aware o' my inability to
treat it as it deserves : but having been placed
upon this committee 1 thought it right that my
reasons should be given why I sustain the
measure reported by my chairman of com-
mittee. It isbecanse I believe the law of 1850.
under which the censuses of 1850 and of 18G0
were taken, is a sound, well-tested measure.
I am not in favor of lightly changing laws, f
believe frequent changes of law to be one of
the evils of our system of popular govern-
ment, and that it should be corrected. I also
believe that for the purpose of obtaining the
information so much desired, and very prop-
erly asked for by Senators, we have other legal
machinery far better calculated to obtain that
information than will yourcensus bill, whether
you take the law of 1850 or the proposed meas-
ure of the House. I do not think the con-
dition of the country at this time warrants tlu-
, expenditure of the vast sums that will be re-
quired even to test the value of this new law.
Our people are now groaning under burdens
1 they can scarcely sustain. You have a cer-
tainty in the law as it n«w cxisr.s. You have
tested its working capabilities, its practical
usefulness: and 1 shall exceedingly regret if,
in the desire to explore a wider field of statis-
tics, that law should be discarded, and experi-
mental legislation resorted to for the purpose
simply of obtaining additional statistics in the
country.
The merits or demerits of this proposed bill
, of 1870 I have not discussed in full, nor its
framework, whether it is wisely drawn and
adapted to the ends it is designed for. That
may all come up hereafter, although I hope it
will not. I can readily see if that bill is to be
opened t« discussion and amendment, and this
whole question of statistics is to be passed upou
, before this body, and a law prepared for that.
: purpose, this debate will be prolonged for many
weeks. But I submit to the Senate that it is
, a very easy task to obtain all the information
, asked for upon any subject relating to our
national resources through the machinery con-
tained in the laws relating to our internal and
external taxation. I trust, therefore, that the
proposition of the committee maybe sustained
by the Senate, and that the law of 1850 may
be permitted to do that which I believe it
entirely competent to do, to take a true and
reliable census and enumeration of our inhab-
itants and resources for the year 1870.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to make an elaborate speech on this
subject, or to consume any of the time of the
Senate ; but I do desire, knowing the value of
statistical information in relation to very many
subjects upon wbich we are called to legislate,
! that we shall pass the best possible bill under
1 the circumstances. We have now arrived at
' so late a period that operations must be com-
menced under the law of 1850, and I confess
that I despair of any material improvement of
the existing law; but I desire to make a single
effort in order that we may improve the law as
it now stands on the statute-book.
The amendment which I have proposed
embraces a few subjects which, as I supposed,
were not included in the law of 1850. I think
it important that we shall include all that, it
is possible to include and obtain with accuracy,
and yet not materially increase the cost of
taking the census. I desire to move my amend-
ment, my attention having been called by the
Senator from New York to the fact that some
of the articles enumerated in it are already
certainly included in the schedules ot 18o0.
and among them are " wages of labor.
tkgr&pGSjT' wine," snd cocoons. ItliGit?-
fore desire to strike out the word ' grapes,
the word " cocoons," and the words " wages
of labor and I ask to have inserted in lieu
of "grapes," the word "fruits."
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say to the hon-
orable Senator, if he will take my assurance,
