2086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged.
Mr. COLE. I ask that it be put upon the
Calendar. I understand it to be an adverse
report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands, however, that it is an adverse report
on a petition, and a petition cannot be placed
on the Calendar. There is a draft of a bill ac-
companying it, but it has not been formally
presented. It has at least 110 clerical marks
of its having been presented and passed through
the Secretary's hands. The committee will be
discharged from the further consideration of
the subject. The Senator from California can
introduce a bill in relation to it hereafter.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee 011 Post
Offices and Post Roads, who were directed by
a resolution of March 1-1, 1870, to inquire into
the expediency and necessity of establishing a
daily mail service on the Mississippi river, be-
tween New Orleans and Cairo, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by the following resolution :
Resolved, That the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the subject.
The resolution was agreed to; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom were referred two hundred
and thirty petitions of loyal citizens of Loudon
county, Virginia, praying for compensation for
property destroyed by fire and for live stock
taken for the use of the Anny, or sold for the
benefit of the United States by order of Gen-
eral Sheridan, submitted a leport thereon, ac-
companied by the following bills ; and
A bill (S. No. G85) for the relief of loyal
citizens of Loudon county, Virginia, therein
named; and
A bill (S. No. 086) for the relief of loyal
citizens of Loudon county, Virginia, therein
named.
The bills were read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Bins INTRODUCED.
Mr. IIAJILIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
089) granting appeals and authorizing the
issuance of writs of error to the supreme court
of the District of Columbia in certain cases
therein mentioned; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee 011 the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 600) providing for the appointment by the
President and confirmation by the Senate of
supervisorsof internal revenue; wliiei was read
twice by its title.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Revision ot
the Laws.
Mr. CONKLING. The proper reference
would be to the Committee on Finance.
Air. SPENCER. The bill proposes a change
in the existing law.
Air. CONKLING. Every statute changes
the law, and on that principle every bill ought
to go either to the Judiciary Committee or to
the Commitee on the Revision of the Laws.
This relates to the collection of internal reve-
nue, and properly belongs to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SPENCER. Very well; let it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
_ The bill was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
COURTS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 684) to change the time for holding
the circuit and dislrict courts of the United
States for the district of Wisconsin, have in-
structed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and 1 ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the hill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that hereafter the circuit and district courts of
the United States for the district of Wiscon-
sin shall be held at Milwaukee on the first
Monday of June and the first Monday of Octo-
ber in each year, and at the city of Madison
on the first Monday of January in each year."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ARMS TO SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. ABBOTT. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
G69) providing for the distribution of arms to
certain Stales, direct me to report it back with-
out amendment, and recommend its passage.
I ask for its immediate consideration.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
the quota of arms due to each of the States of Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Arkansas, Loui-
siana, and Texas, under the statute of April 23,
1808, shall be allowed to those States in the
same manner as if that act had not been mod-
ified. The chief of ordnance is, on requisition
in the usual form, to deliver to the several
Slates named the arms or their equivalent in
ordnance stores from January, 18(51, to Jan-
uary, 1865.
Mr. RICE. I move to amend the bill by
adding after "South Carolina" the word
" Georgia/'
The VICE PRESIDENT. Georgia is in
the bill.
Mr. RICE. I did not hear it read.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM MONT STORM.
Mr. WILLEY. I have four little bills to
report from the Committee 011 Patents which
it will not take five minutes to pass. I hope
there will be no objection to putting them on
their passage at once. I am directed by the
Committee on Patents to report back without
amendment the bill (H. R. No. 1490) for the
relief of William Mont Storm, and I ask that
it be considered immediately.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to grant to William Mont Storm leave
to make application to the Commissioner of
Patents for the extension of the letters-patent
issued to him for improvement in revolving
tire-arms for the term of fourteen years from
the 11th day of March, 1856, in the same man-
ner as if the petition for an extension had been
filed at least ninety days before the expiration
of the patent; and the Commissioner is to con-
sider and determine the application in the same
manner as if it had been filed ninety days before
the expiration of the patent.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
THOMAS THOMPSON.
Mr. WILLEY. I am also directed by the
Committee on Patents to report back without
amendment the bill (H. R. No. 1489) to en-
able John Thompson, executor of Thomas
Thompson, deceased, to make application for
the extension of letters-patent for an improved
machine for folding papers, and I ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. By its
terms John Thompson, executor of Thomas
Thompson, deceased, will have leave to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents for
the extension of the letters-patent granted to
Thomas Thompson for an improved machine
for folding paper on the 12th day of February,
1856, for fourteen years, in the same manner
as if the petition for the extension had been
filed at least ninety days before the expiration
of the patent; andthe CommissionerofPateuts
is to consider and determine the application in
the same manner as if it had been filed ninety
days prior to the expiration ef the patent, and
with the same effect as if it had been regularly
filed and acted upon under existing laws. But
such extension of the patent is not to affect the
right to continue to use the machine patented
of any person \vho since the 12th day of Feb-
ruary, 1870, and prior to the approval of the
act, may have procured and at the time of
such aoproval shall be using it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
TOBIAS J. KINDLEBERGEK.
Mr. WILLEY. I am also directed by the
Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
the bill (H.R.No.l491)for the relief of Tobias J.
Kindleberger, to report it with an amendment,
and I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. By its
provisions Tobias J. Kindleberger, or his as-
signs, may apply to the Commissioner ot Pat-
ents for an extension of the letters-patent for
an improvement in cider-mills, issued to Tobias
J. Kindleberger for the term of fourteen years
from the 29th day of May in the year 1855, and
reissued August 24, 1866, in the same manner
as if the petition for the extension had been
filed at least ninety days prior to the expira-
tion of the patent; and the Commissioner is
to consider and determine the application in
the same manner as if it had been filed ninety
days before the expiration of the patent.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Patents was to add the following proviso :
Provided, That in case gaid extension shall be
granted no person shall be held liable for damages
for infringement of said patent, or for sale or use
of said improvement, between the date ol the expi-
ration of the original patent and the date of such
extension. " ^
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like my friend
from West Virginia to explain this biil. If
manufacturers have gone into this business
of manufacturing in the mean time and have
constructed works or made machines, or any-
thing of that kind, it would be hardly just to
cut them off from the use of those works and
machines after the passage of this act.
Mr. WILLEY. I am not aware that there
has been anything of the kind. The other
House did not see proper to make such a pro-
vision, and we inserted it for greater caution.
It is a case where the party was prostrated by
sickness, as his physicians testify, which pre-
vented him from making the application within
the ninety days required by law.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred iu.
It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed, and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
AUGUSTUS E. MOEN.
Mr. WILLEY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Patents to report back with an
amendment the bill (II. R. No. 1413) for the
relief of Sophia A. Moen, and I ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to authorize the Commissioner of Patents
to hear and determine the application of Sophia
A. Moen for an extension of letters-pateus
granted on the 26th day of February, 1850, and
reissued to Augustus R. Moen 011 the 8th day
of April, 1856, for a new and useful improve-
ment in the construction of basement, cellar,
vault, conduit, and other like walls, so as to
render them impervious to water, upon evi-
dence in the same manner and with the saiiic
effect as if the said application had been made
within the time prescribed by law. In case the
extension shall be granted no person is to be
held liable for dam ages for infringement thereof
between the date of the expiration of the ori-
ginal patent and the date of such extension.
The Committee on Patents propose to amend
the bill by inserting after the name Sophia A.
