3030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Sir. 8kinn«r's letter Is as follows:
Post Officr Dkpartmknt.
Washington. I). 0., April 2:2, litis.
Sir: In accordance with your request, mutla some
days since, the papers in the case of tho Cairo, Illi-
nois. post oftU'o have been again examined.
In lixiug tho salary from tho 1st of July, lS6t, as
required by tho postal act of that date, tho actual
amount derived trout box rents could not bo ascer-
tained, because no full return lnul been made thereof.
Ilcncp. in fmng tho salary, S-,000 of tho amount
was put down as arising from tho commissions, and
tho other, $1,000. estimated as the receiptsfrom box
rents, fixing tho salary at $3,000 a year; but the actual
returns from box rents fur the subsequent two years
ending June SO. 18tx>, showed that tho box rents
amountedto $1,700 a year instead of $1,000, as esti-
mated. Therefore, had tho postmaster been paid
under the former system of box rents and commis-
sions his salary would lmve been $3,700 ayear instead
of $3,000. In other words, the box rents wero under-
estimated.
Tho labor at this office was very arduous, and
should an allowance be mado under tho circum-
stances it should not betaken as a precedent for othor
oases.
The papers left by you are herewith returned.
I havo the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your
most obedient servant,
ST. JOHN D. L. SKINNER,
Acting Pot/matter General.
Bon. Alrxandkb Ramsey. Chairman Cnpniittee Pott
Office* and Pott lloadt, United State* Senate.
James N. Tyncr, a special agent of tho Post Office
Department, states that he had charge of the office
for sixty days prior to tho appointment of Mr. Sloo,
and that he frequently visited the office on official
business between the fall of 1863 and the summer of
18t>6. lie says that " the postmaster performed more
labor and assumed greater obligations than any sim-
ilar officer in fhe West for the same compensation."
He says, also, that injustice was done Mr. Sloo, the
claimant, in the adjustment of his salary.
A resolution granting the desired relief passed the
House of Representatives during the second session
of the Fortieth Congress, bat failed on account of a
want of time to obtain any action from the Senate.
The committee, therefore,are of fho opinion that
the salary of the claimant for the timo mentioned
was inadequate to the services rendered, and that he
is entitled to an allowance based upon the entire
receipts of the office for the years 1862 and 1863, and
do, therefore, recommend the passage of the accom-
panying joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment reported by the com-
- mittee.
Mr. POMEROY. I have never been able
to understand thia case precisely, and could
not in committee. I ask that it be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is as plain a case as ever
was presented.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
the chairman explaining it. I tried in com-
mittee to understand it, but could not. I will
withdraw my objection if the chairman desires
to explain it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas withdraws his objection.
_ Mr. POMEROY. I understand it will give
rise to debate, and I think it had better go
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clintojj Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 1866) to
relieve certain persons therein named from the
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States; and it was thereupon signed
by the Vice President.
objections withdrawn.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 716) to provide for the better security
of life on board of vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Secretary will report the bill.
Mr. WILSON. It has been read, I think,
Mr. STEWART. Before that bill is read I
should like to appeal to the Senator from Iowa
to withdraw the objection that he made to House
bill No. 562, so that it can come up to-morrow
morning when the Calendar is called again.
Mr. S CJMNER. How many pages are there
of the bill we have now reached ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appear to
be only fifty-four pages.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will not take long.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 do not desire by my single
1 voice to prevent the consideration of the bill
which was under consideration a few momenta
since, and in which the Senator from Nevada
feels a deep personal interest. I am willing
to withdraw my objection with a view of its
remaining on the Calendar, and during the
evening or to-morrow morning I can look at
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the bill reported- by the Committee on
! Mines and Mining, and on which there was
, some discussion as to an amendment proposed
| by the Senator from Illinois, being placed at
| the head of the Calendar for to-morrow? The
| Senator from Iowa withdraws his objection,
and the Senator from Nevada asks that it be
placed at the head of the Calendar for to-mor-
row. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to ask the Senator
from Alabama if he will not withdraw his
objection to Senate joint resolution No. 103,
constituting a naval board, so that it may be
placed at the head of the Calendar, and he can
took at it during the evening, and be ready for
its consideration in the morning.
Mr. SPENCER. I withdraw the objection
for that purpose.
Mr. SUMNEIi. Would not the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Schurz] be good enough to
withdraw his objection, and in the course of
this evening look at the bill providing for a
territorial government in the District of
Columbia?
Mr. HOWE. I rise to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts if he will not be good
enough to look at the bill for the relief of J.
Milton Best? [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 was just going to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts why his objection
should not be withdrawn to a bill of mine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent these two bills are to be placed at the
head of the Calendar.
Mr. SCHURZ. Which bills?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not the bill to
which the Senator refers, but the bill reported
from the Committee on Mines and Mining, to
which the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan]
objected; and the joint resolution reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to which
the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Spencer]
objected.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
j Wisconsin who objected to the bill (S. No.
! 687) for the relief of Mrs. Mary Dunn, of
i South Carolina, withdraw his objection and
j let it be placed at the head of the Calendar?
j Mr. HOWE. I did not object to that. I
; only said that it would be debated by others.
] I had heard it intimated that it would be. I
have no objection to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it is to be debated,
then there is no use in placing it at the head
of the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it go over.
Mr. RAMSEY. • I should like to appeal to
my honorable friend, the Senator from Ken-
tacky, to withdraw his opposition to the China
steamship bill. That is a great national en-
terprise, and I hope he will not persist in his
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky [Mr, HcCreery] is appealed
to by the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY. - I appeal to the honorable
Senator to withdraw his objection to the China
steamship bill. It is a great national enter-
prise, and I hope he will not persist in his
objection.
Mr. McCREERY. That bill deserves the
serious consideration of the Senate before it is
passed, and it should not be passed in this way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky declines to withdraw his objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn. It seems that we cannot do any
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont.has risen to a privileged motion, which
is that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 27, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
J! by the Chapluin, Rev. J. G. Butler.
: I The Journal of yesterday was read.
! FUIt-BEARINO ANIMALS IN ALASKA.
| Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
J lege. I desire to correct the Journal. I asked
I yesterday to have a bill which I introduced to
| prevent tho extermination of fur-bearing ani-
j mals in Alaska printed, and referred to the
1 Committee on Commerce. The gentleman
ij from Rhode Island [Mr. Dixox | asked to have
I printed with it his substitute for a bill from the
|j Senate on the same subject. I observe that the
Journal states that ho reported back his bill to
the House, and asked to have it printed and
recommitted. That was not the motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so
understand the motion. It was merely that
the bill should be in possession of the com-
mittee and printed.
Mr. DAWES. That was the understand-
ing.
The SPEAKER. The Journal of yesterday
need not be interfered with if to-day it be
ordered that the motion by which the bill was
recommitted be reconsidered and that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The Journal of yesterday was then approved.
CALL OF TUB ROLL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the roll of
members be called.
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 69, noes 50.
Mr. BEAMAN. I call
nays.
call for the yeas and
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays will
be a call of the roll.
Mr. BEAMAN. I want the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes forty; more than one fifth of those present
voting affirmatively.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the vote is in the affirmative the roll under
this call will be called twice.
Mr. BEAMAN. That will be pust ri^ht. If
gentlemen want to spend time m calling the
roll, let them do so.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 54, nays 116, not voting
57 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames,' Arnell, Asper,
Beatty, Beck, Bird, Blair, Burdett, Cessna, Clinton
L. Cobb. Cook, Conger, Cowles, Eidridge, Fcrriss,
i'erry, Finkelnburg, Pitch, Geti, Hambleton, Hay,
Heflin, Ilolman, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones. Knapp,
Lawrence, McNeely. Eliakim II. Moore, Jesse H.
Moore, Morphia, Negley, O'Neill, Ortb, It ice,
Rogers, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Starkweather,
Stiles, Swann, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Ward.WhecIer, Wbitmore. Willard, JohnT. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Atwood, Ax-
tell, Beaman, Benjamin, Bennett, Biggs, Bingham,
Booker, Georeo M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Calkin, William T. Clark, Cleveland, Amasa
Cobb.Coburn, Conner, Cox, Cullom, Dawes, Dickin-
son, Dixon, Dox, Js'arnsworth, Fisher, Fox, Garfield,
Gilfiflan, Haight, Hale, llamill, Hamilton, Harris,
Hawkins,Hays, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,Hotchkiss, In-
gersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones. Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Laflin, Lough-
riage, Lynch, Mayham, Maynard. McCarthy, 51c-
Cormick, McCrary, McGrew, McKee, MeKeniie,
Mercur, William Moore. Morgan, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Myers, Niblack, Packard, Paino, Palmer, Peck,
Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy,
Prosser,Roots, Sargent,Sawyer, Lionel A.Sheldon,
Sherrod, Shober, John A. Smith. Joseph S. Smith,
William J.Smith, William Smyth. Stevens, Stokes,
Stone, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Strong,
Sweeney, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman.'Iownsend,
Twichell, Tyner, Van Wyok, Cadwalader C. Wash-
