1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2087
Moen, in line five, the words "administratrix,
and Pliilip L. Moen, administrator of Augus-
tus R. Moen."
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know how these
bills came in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent, subject to a call for the regular order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not paying atten-
tion at the time. These bills involve very
important principles, which in former times, 1
recollect, liave been discussed here at consid-
erable length; and such bills have generally
been defeated. Here is authority to extend
patents after the time for which they were
granted has expired, and after third parties
may have come in and invested large capital
in manufacturing the article. I know that this
bill provides for protecting them against dam-
ages; but, in the mean time, suppose a man
has expended $100,000 in putting up machin-
ery and manufacturing this article. He is
perfectly at the mercy of the man who gets his
patent renewed. After that ho may lose his
whole capital invested.
Mr. WILLEY. If the Senator desires mo
to do so I will agree to let the bill be passed
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope wo shall pro-
ceed with the order of the day.
SENATOR MtOM MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
proceed to tho consideration of tho question
of admitting Adelbert Ames as Senator from
Mississippi, on taking the proper oaths.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana moves that tho Senate proceed
to tho consideration of the resolution reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary in regard
to the claim of Adelbert Ames to a seat in this
body.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the most
ordinary sense of gratitude would lead me lo
lender my acknowledgments) to the Senator
from Indiana for relieving me from a duty
which according to the usages of parliamentary
bodies, and particularly of the Senate, might
have been supposed to rest upon me; and a
sense of common appreciation would lead me
at the same time to congratulate tho Commit-
tee on the Judiciary that the labors so illyper-
formed by them devolve upon so entirely able
an administrator.
But, Mr. President, notwithstanding the
pleasure which I feel in being thus relieved of
a matter which was committed by the commit-
tee tome, and which on yesterday—1 use "yes-
terday" in the parliamentary sense, the last
legislative day—I stated that the committee
would call up at a very early day, and which,
by the by, 1 will say the intention of tho com-
mittee is to move to take up to-morrow ; not-
withstanding the disposition I feel to be thus
relieved, I venture to suggest to the Senator
and to the Senate that the motion does not
come up this morning from tho committee for
two or three i-easons. In tho tirst place, one
or two Senators who wish to speak against the
report of the committee, whom I have con-
sulted, were not ready to proceed this morning,
and preferred that the motion should not be
made to take up the report. For that reason
I was not prepared myself, and of course I
did not expect, after what had occurred on the
last, legislative day, that any motion would bo
made in reference to this subject except the
motion which was announced by the committee.
Therefore I say that if this report is to be
proceeded with in the regular order, although
I shall be quite willing, as I have twice said, to
be relieved myself from responsibility in regard
to it, it had better stand as business usually
does, to be taken up on the motion of the com-
mittee and of the member of the committee
having it in charge, which I will say to the Sen-
ate now will be to-morrow, if the committee
shall be so fortunate as to receive the consent
of the Senate to take it up on that occasion.
There are some matters of authority, a book
or two, which I should be glad to have here
which I have not now; and as it might be ex-
pected of me that I should explain somewhat
the reasons of the committee 1 should be very
glad at least to have an opportunity to possess
myself of the material which I think those
authorities would afford.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from New
York expresses his gratitude that 1 have re-
lieved the committee from the duty of present-
ing this question. I am not entitled to his
gratitude, and I imagine 1 have not got it very
strongly. I did not understand that a com-
mittee presenting an adverse report, reporting
against the riglw of Mr. Ames to become a
member of the Senate, had anything further to
do with it. I did not suppose that they expected
to call it up and insist on having an adverse
vote against Mr. Ames, nor do 1 suppose that
they would.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow mo one moment?
Mr. MORTON". Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I would not have im-
puted such a kuowledge to the Senator but
for tho fact that on yesterday—I speak again
in the legislative sense—the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmuxds] lirst, in his seat, and
afterward myself, having charge of it, staled
explicitly to the Senate that the committee did
deem it its duty to call it up and did propose
to take it up at a very early day. I supposed,
of course, the Senator heard what occurred,
and I alluded to it for that reason.
Mr. MORTON. What did the committee
propose to do? To call it up for the purpose
of having Mr. Ames absolutely rejected and
an adverse report sustained. That, 1 imagine,
would lie a novelty in tho proceedings of this
body. I call it up this morning because it is
a matter of justice, not only to Air. Ames him-
self, but to the Senate, that this question should
bo determined. The committee had it m their
possession, I think, some two or three weeks,
I do not know how long, and made no report
until last Friday ; and i supposed from that
and other causes, having reported against him,
they were in no very great haste to call the
matter up before the Senate. I consulted with
several old members of the Senate, who said it
was perfectly in order, where an adverse re-
port was made, for any member of the Senate
who was in favor of tho admission of tho party
reported against to call it up at anytime; that
it was a matter of special privilege; so that I
have not invaded any principle of etiquette or
any right on tho part of this committee. 1
will not undertake to argue the right of Mr.
Ames to his seat in this body upou tho motion
to fake up. 1 think it a matter of justice to
him, and to tho Senate, and the people of Mis-
sissippi, whom he represents, that the question
should be taken up and decided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on tho motion of the Senator from Indiana.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 2G, noes 23.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. My vote is controlled
simply by the fact that the Senator from New
York has stated that to-morrow the committee
that reported this subject propose to present
the question to the Senate. I understand the
rule, though, to be as the Senator from Indiana
states it, that an adverse report may be called
up by any one; but upon the statement of the
Senator from New York that he intended to
call it up to-morrow, and that he has not some
papers that he desires to use in the debate of
the question, it seems to me to bo foreclosed.
Mr. HAMLIN. My vote was controlled pre-
cisely by tho same reason which has been sug-
gested by the Senator from Ohio. 1 suppose
that we shall all declare what wili he our opin-
ions, and I may as well declare mine now. I
am adverse to the report of the committee and
I shall vote straight against it, and yet 1 voted
against taking up the subject now simply upon
the assurance of the Senator from New York
that he would himself call it up to-morrow.
While I agree with the Senator from Ohio that
there was no impropriety on the part of tho
Senator from Indiana in calling it up, and i
will vote now to take it up if you will take it
up and assign to-morrow for its consideration,
1 think there is a courtcsy, a propriety, a jus-
tice that belongs to that committee that shall
receive my vote.
Mr. MORTON. As a question of mere con-
venience to the Senator from New York 1 am
willing that the subject shall be postponeduuti!
to-morrow ; but, as a question of right, and as
a question of discourtesy, as he put it. I repu-
diate it. There was no discourtesy in it. JI
was my right, the right of any Senator to call
it up ; and it is contrary to the usage of the
body, as I understand, that a committee report-
ing adversely should call such a report up.
J3ut as a matter of convenience to the Senator
from New York I am willing to have it go over
until to-morrow morning, with the understand-
ing that it shall bo taken up in the morning
hour.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say to the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana that I have pre-
sented no question of discourtesy to him.
Inasmuch as the Senator invites a discussion
of the point, I beg to say this, however, to the
honorable Senator, as a member of the Judi
ciary Committee I shall be rejoiced if I can
know that that Senator takes charge only of
adverse reports from that committee. That
will be a piece of intelligence valuable to me
for my government here. Some time ago my
colleague on tho committee, the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,]
reported favorably upon a bill touching recon-
struction, and to the surprise of the committee,
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin liaviiu'
the bill in charge, and I knowing as I Mipposi d
I did when he intended to move it, the hono<-
able Senator from Indiana moved to tale,
that bill, and I found that lie had charge el n .
and it had been unexpectedly taken up on In-,
motion. If that be the understanding of the
Senate, that a committee reporting affirma-
tively as it did in that case, negatively as in
this, is to have no charge whatever of the
measure, but that bap-hazard, upon the motion
of any member of the body, it is to be taken
up atany time, of course members of the com-
mittee cannot bo expected even to be present
always, and certainly not to be prepared fer-
tile consideration of measures.
I say again, Mr. President, that I presented
to the Senator from Indiana no question of
discourtesy. I have no feeling whatever on this
subject, except a feeling of regret that the com-
mittee were not able to report, as they would
have "been most happy to report, in favor of
General Ames. But 1 admit that I was some-
what surprised when on Friday last it was an-
nounced by two members of the committee
that the committee would proceed, and that
diligently, to consider this case just as the com-
mittee have proceeded in other cases of adverse
reports—that of Mr. Thomas, of Maryland, I
believe, was the last one, and many others
since I have been here. I was quite surprised
to be taken unawares, in the absence of even
a copy of the report upon which to proceed, by
this motion. There is no question, I say again,
of courtesy or discourtesy. I am quite willing
for one that the honorable Senator from In
diana, or any other member of the body, shall
move to take up every report made by the Ju-
diciary Committee, if we can only understand
the rule, because then we can be prepared at
all times, as %vell when we do not expect as
when we do expect the consideration of busi-
ness from that committee. That I mean to say,
and I hope I give the Senator no offense in
saying so much as that.
