2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Mr. MORTON. One word, sir. The Sen-
ator says that if I shall only take charge of ad-
verse reports he will be contented and happy.
I think that is the substance of his remark ;
and he refers to the fact that I called up a bill
reported by the Senator from Wisconsin. Per-
haps if the Senator had consulted his colleague
on the committee he v/ould not have made that
remark. I did, sir, but after a conference
with the Senator from Wisconsin, in which, if
I remember correctly, he stated that he was
not in a condition to call it up, and would not
regard it as any discourtesy for me to call it
up. That was the fact.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator saj'
which member of the committee stated that?
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Cabpextbb.] It was after a confer-
ence with him that I made the motion ill that
case, and I think he informed me that lie was
not in a position perhaps to call it up, and did
not desire to do so. If I do not state it cor-
rectly the Senator will correct me.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me, he cannotrefer to the case
to which I referred. I referred to the case in
which the Senator from Wisconsin was him-
self the author of the bill reported, reported
by the committee 011 his motion and in his
charge, and if the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin was not iu a condition to proceed with
that bill certainly the committee was greatly
misled.
Mr. MORTON. If I do not state it cor-
rectly the Senator from Wisconsin can correct
me. The Senator from New York cannot do
it because he does not know the facts.
Mr. CONKLINCr. No; I only referred the
Senator to the instance of which I spoke.
Mr. CARPENTER. I suppose the Sena-
tors both refer to the Georgia bill. That was
the first bill I had over taken charge of and
reported in this body. I recollect a conversa-
tion with the Senator from Indiana in regard
to his making the motion to take it up, and
after what took place between him and me I
certainly did not regard it as any personal
discourtesy to myself for him to make the
motion. That it is due to him to say. At the
same time I was not ready to move the bill
that morning, and should not have done it, I
think, until the next day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The veas and nays
have been ordered on the motion of the Sena-
tor from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. I stated that so far as I was
concerned, as a matter of personal convenience
to the Senator from New ¥ork, who wants some
books and perhaps some papers that he has
not got, I was willing to let the matter pass
over until to-morrow, with the understanding
that it shall be taken up in the morning hour,
and I will then renew the motion.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana withdraws his motion, and the
Georgia bill is before the Senate, pending
which the Chair will lay certain papers before
the Senate. The Chair submits a communica-
tion from the Secretary of War, in compliance
with the resolution of March 1-1, 1870, direct-
ing him to transmit to the Senate a full report
of the recent bombardment of the Indian vil-
lage at Wrangel, Alaska, by the United States
troops stationed at that post.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
HOUSE BILLS REI'IJMIED.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia:
A bill (H. R. No. 38J to establish a police
court in the District of Columbia ;
A bill (LI. R. No. 897) to incorporate the
Washington and Boston Steamship Company;
A bill (H. It. No. 1427) to provide for the
creation of corporations in the District of
Columbia by general law; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1556) to incorporate the
National Concrete Pavement Company of
Washington, District of Columbia, (Van Camp
& Hodgman's patent.)
The bill (H. R. No. 1084) to incorporate the
Washington Market Company was read twice
by its title and referred to the Committee on
Pub'iic Buildings and Grounds.
The bill (H. R. No. 090) to amend an act en-
titled "An act exempting certain property of
debtors in the District of Columbia from levy,
attachment, or sale on execution," approved
February 5, 1807, was read twice by its title
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 425) to extend
the time for the completion of the lateral
branch of the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road, authorized by the act approved Feb-
ruary 5, 18G7, and to change the location in
the city of Washington along the bank of the
canal.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope that will be acted
011 at once. It is a mere matter of form.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What bill is it?
Mr. CAMERON. The bill fixing the term-
ination of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent, having
conferred with the chairman of the District
Committee, from which the bill emanated, to
have action oa the amendment of the House
of Representatives at the present time.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the .amendment, which was
to strike out all of the second seetionof the
bill after the enacting clause, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That the said company, if it shall so clcef, is hereby
authorized to adopt a lino in the city of Washington
from some point west of eastFourtll&ti'eetin thelino
designated in the act of Congress approved March
18,1809, as passing along south K street, thencccross-
1DS to and passing along tlio south bank of the canal
to south Capitol street, and thence northwestwardly
to Virginia avenuo, thero intersecting and passing
along the line described in said act approved March
18,18G9, as passing along Virginui avenue northwest-
wardly to the intersection ofsouthC and west Ninth
streets.
The amendment was concurred in.
DISTRICT USURY LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 215) to amend
the usury laws of the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the precise Senate
bill, only the House have changed the limita-
tion from eight to ten per cent. I hope the
amendment will be adopted; and that will
dispose of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment; after which the
Chair will ask for objection, if there be any.
The Secretary read the amendment of the
House of Representatives, which was to strike
out all of the bill after the enacting clause, and
to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That the rate of interest within the District of
Columbia upon all express contracts or agreements
for payment of money shall bo at the rate ot six per
cent, per annual upon every $100, unless otherwise
expressly stipulated by the parties.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in all con-
tracts hereafter to be made it shall be lawful for tho
parties to stipulate or agree m writing tnat the rate
often per cent, per annum, or any less sum of inter-
est, shall be taken and paid upon every $100 of money
loaned or in any manner due and owing from any
person or corporation in this District.
Sec. 3. And, be it further enacted. That if any person
or corporation in this District shall contract to re-
ceive a greater rate of interest than ton per cent, upon
any contract m writing, or six per cent, upon any
verbal contract, such person orcorporation snallfor-
fcit tho whole of said interest so contracted to by
received, and shall be entitled only to recover the
principal sum duo to such person or corporation.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That ii any person
or corporation within the District of Columbia shall
directly or indirectly take or receive any greater %
amount of interest than is provided for in this act, j]
upon any contract or agreement whatever, it shall
be lawful for tho person, or his personal represent-
ative, or the corporation paying the same, to sue for
and recover all the interest paid upon any such con-
tract or agreement from the person, or his personal
representatives, or from the corporation receiving
such unlawful interest: Provided, That the suit to
recover back such interest shall bo brought within
two years after such unlawful interest shall have
been paid or taken.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act contained shall be construed to change tho
general laws in ioree in relation to banking associa-
tions organized under the act to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of United States stocks,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, approved Sebruary 25,1863.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say something
on this bill if this alteration is to be made. I
suppose it had better go over.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, if there be no objection.
MUTUAL TIKIS INSURANCE COMPANY.
The bill (IT. R. No. 1138) amendatory of the
charter of the Mutual Fire Insurance Company
of the District of Columbia, was read twice by
its title.
Mr. HAMLIN. We have passed a bill in
the Senate at this session precisely like this,
word for word, and the House have passed this
bill. I ask that it be put on its passage. It
simply allows an increase of $50,000 or
§100,000, I forget which, to the capital stock
of an old, long-established insurance company
here. That 1 believe isaboutali there is in it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to amend the act to
incorporate the Mutual Fire Insurance Com-
pany of the District of Columbia, approved
JanuarylO, 1855,so as to allow the interest on
premium notes held by the company to ac-
cumulate to the extent of $100,000, and also
authorizes the company to acquire and hold
real estate not exceeding $50,000 cash value
at any one time.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSIS.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheiisox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 430)
to incorporate the Washington Mail Steamboat
Company.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 411) prescribing the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury in cer-
tain cases therein named, with an amendment,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1596) for the relief of the
Sisters of Our Lady of Mercy, of Charleston,
South Carolina;
A bill (H. R. No. 1598) to facilitate the
administration of justice in the State of
Texas; and
A joint resolution (II. B. No. 204) relating
to obtaining statistics of the surviving soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812.
STATU Oi? GE0IWIA,
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (LI. R.
No. 1385) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being on the
amendment, of Mr. Drake, which was to insert
the following as an additional section :
Sec.—. And bo it further enacted, That whenever
the Legislature or the Governor ot any State shall
represent to tho President of tho United States that
there exists in such State organizations or combina-
tions of men ong.iged in the perpetration ot acts ot
violence iig.iiiisHho persons orpioporty of others,or
in obstructing the duo execution ot the laws ot such
State, and that the government of such State is unable
