8032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
House. It is true that action was a little in-
formal ; bat the question has been submitted
to the House, and the House has determined to
receive this as the report of the committee. I
can see no objection, therefore, to the bill on
that score.
I now yield to the gentleman from Ken-
tocky, [Mr. Bkck,] a member of the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction, who has signed this
report, and who is of the minority of this
House.
Mr. BECK. I would not trouble the House
at this time except for the objection which
has been made by my colleague on the com-
mittee, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood.] I hold that we have done the only
thing under the circumstances that we could
do to give this House an opportunity to act
upon this bill. There was a meeting of the
Committee on Reconstruction yesterday, upon
the regular day of meeting of the committee.
My colleague on that committee, the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] and myself,
with some others, were there present. But we
did not have a quorum present and conld
not get a quorum. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] saw lit to absent himself
from tbe regular meeting of the committee,
and thereby, in part, he prevented us from
having a quorum.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to interrupt him a moment.
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. I was in the adjoining com-
mittee-room attending to the Howard investiga-
tion. The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Docksuy] was told by me to send if they wanted
me. 1 was not sent for, though I could have
been there had my presence been desired.
Mr. BECK. All 1 can say is that the gen-
tleman was not there, for reasons satisfactory
to himself no doubt; but as he was not there,
and as we were advised by the members from
Texas in this House that, there were some five
Or seven men—I forget how many exactly—who
have been elected to offices in Texas and must
be sworn in by the end of this week, if they are
to hold those offices at all, and as the chairman
of tbo committee [Mr. Butler, of Massachu-
setts] was absent and would not be back before
Tuesday next, I saw no reason why this bill
should not be presented to the House for such
action as they shonkl see fit to take upon it.
Now, whether this House should pass this
bill or not is another question. But when a
meeting of the committee is held and members
choose to absent themselves, whether right or
wrong, and the minority of the committee who
are there cannot have a quorum for business
on account of the absence of those members,
then, I say, the minority of the committee have
8 right to agree that a bill shall be reported to
the Honse which wonld have been reported
if those who absented themselves had been
there and had taken part in the action of the
committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Doeathegentieman mean
to assert that a minority of this Honse may
come in here and legislate for the country with-
out tbe presence of a quorum ? Does he mean
to assert that a minority may exercise control-
ling power either in a committee or in the
Ilouse?
Mr. BECK. No, sir; but I mean to assert
that when a majority of a committee, fully and
fairly representing the committee, get together
and agree on a report, as this bill was agreed
to by a majority of the Committee bn Recon-
struction, tbe gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mob-
■oan,] the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward,] and myself, three out of the four
Democratic members, concurring in the report,
no member of the minority has the right to
reflect upon his colleagues and charge that
they have done wrong in assenting to tbe pre-
sentation of & report Which would at any rate
have been agreed to if he had been present and
aiding to make a quorum.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I utterly deny the right
of a minority to act as the committee in the
absence of a quorum.
Mr. BECK. I deny that a minority of this
committee have so acted. A majority of the
members of the Committee on Reconstruction
have signed this report.
Mr. WOODWAliD. I am in the same posi-
tion with reference to this matter as the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.] 1 am
one of the minority of the Committee on Re-
construction, and I was not present at the
meeting of the committee yesterday. In this
respect I stand in pari delicto with him. I do
not think, however, that these circumstances
constitute any reason for refusing to pass this
bill. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] admits that the bill is right in itself.
What does it propose? It simply proposes the
removal of the disabilities of nine men in
Texas, who, having been elected to public
office, cannot quality unless a bill of this kind
be passed. That is the whole scope of this
legislation. The bill was submitted to me
here in my seat, and I was asked to assent to
it. I saw what it was, and I did assent. The
question whether the report of a minority of a
committee shall be accepted as the report of
the committee is not presented in this case,
because the majority of the committee concur
in this report. True, it was an informal con-
currence, but an intelligent and honest con-
currence, and ought to be regarded by the
House just as valid as if it had been more
formal.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Illinois
yield to me for one word?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have agreed to
yield to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mor-
gan.]
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, I regret more
than I can express in words the course which
my honorable friend from New York [Mr.
j Wood] has seen fit to pursne on this occasion,
i Yesterday was the day for the regular meet-
j ing of the Committee on Reconstruction. My
I friend from New York, who, I believe, is upon
| two committees meeting on Tuesday, was not
| present at the time for the regular meeting of
the Committee on Reconstruction, and a quo-
rum was not present. A majority of the com-
mittee afterward consented to report this bill,
; which proposes the removal of the disabilities
of some persons in Texas. Certain gentlemen
on this floor, professing extreme sympathy for
the people of the South, have been peculiarly
sensitive upon all- questions connected with
the removal of political disabilities, and have
sought upon every technical ground to prevent
the passage of bills for that purpose. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] is one
of those. I do not include in this category the
' other gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
This is the first time I have heard from him
\ any objection to a measure of this kind, and I
i greatly regret that he interposes an objection
now. Fot my own part, 1 here declare that I am
; ready now, as I have always been, to vote for
the removal of political disabilities of any citi-
zen of the Sooth, whether such relief be pro-
posed by the Committee on Reconstruction or
1 by an individual member of the House on his
; own responsibility. More than this, I have
' been from the first in favor of a general, bill
| removing from the southern people all political
i disabilities. Until such a bill can be passed
j I stand here ready to act with any gentleman
I in endeavoring to remove such disabilities in
; individual cases as they may be presentedi-
| Mr. FARNSWORTH. I haw agreed to
: yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
! Cobb,] who wishes to mowtha insertion of an
| additional name.
| Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I move to amend
| by inserting the name of H. B. Simonds, of
of Hunt county, Texas. This isthefirst motion
[ this charatttet that I made* and I am ptetty
sure it will be the last. This gentleman \v;ia
clerk in a court of his county (hiring the rebel-
lion. He was formerly a citizen of Wisconsin,
residing in my own district., i knew him well.
Since the practice of relieving disabilities by-
Congress commenced he has written to me at.
least half a dozen times soliciting the removal
of his disabilities, and each time 1 have handed
his letter to the chairman or some member
of the Committee on Reconstruction. While
everybody's name has turned up in some of
these bills, this gentleman's name lias not.
He is now overlooked. He has been reelected,
under the late election, clerk of the circuit
court of that county. I desire his name in-
serted for that purpose.
Mr. COX. I askthegentlemantoyieldto me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have agreed to
yield to the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend the bill
by inserting the name of Richard Jordan, of
Texas, formerly of Maine. I put in the qual-
ification of former residence because I think
he may have a middle name which I do not
now recollect. He is a very repentant rebel,
and has written a letter which I have not at
hand.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has he agreed to vote
the Republican ticket?
Mr. BEAM AN. Has he made application?
Mr. PETERS. He has written a letter ask-
ing to have his political disabilities removed.
I have not the letter just now at hand.
Mr. BEAMAN. Has beany application on
file ?
Mr. PETERS. He has no application on
file. lean get his letter and file it. He was a
supporter of the gentleman who was recently
elected Governor of Texas. He was formerly
from Maiue. He is a cousin of mine, very
repentant, and I hope God will forgive him
for the part he took in rebellion. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demaud the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COX. • I ask the gentleman to yield to
me for a moment. I think he is partial in his
favors as well as in his amnesty.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to yield to me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I decline to yield.
This is a small bill. I did not think it would
occupy so much tim'e or I would not have
brought it in.
Mr. COX. Report a general bill and stop
all this special legislation.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
78, noes 43.
Mr. COX demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Cobb, of Wisconsin; and it was agreed to.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Peters ; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill,
as amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. COX. I call for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order. The
two names added to the bill have not been
engrossed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to
be engrossed; and I yield to my friend from
New York for a few minutes.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say this
generally on tbe bill, in behalf of myself and
my colleague, [Mr. Brooks,] who represent
metropolitan districts, that we have many con-
stituents there who are connected with the
people of the South, as all know. AYe are in
