1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4921
friend has had some little experience with the
people coming from that country. Under the
practical administration of the fifteenth amend-
ment I apprehend we shall shortly be deprived
of the services of one of our most distinguished,
and I will say, with the greatest respect and
meaning what I say, one of our most learned
members. But I will make this suggestion to
my honorable friend; that though the accidents
of his political position and the results of his
political action may have led to such conse-
quences, he ought not to indulge in any animos-
ity against the country from which this product
comes, or against the product itself. He has
recently had some experience with Chinamen.
I commend, therefore, to my friend to be more
liberal and philosophic in his views, and per-
haps not being very far advanced in life, he
may yet live long enough not to have such an
aversion to tea as he appears to have on this
occasion.
Mr. DAVIS. The principle I suppose on
which we ought to act is this : tea and coffee
are not products of our own country ; they are
foreign products; and therefore their produc-
tion cannot come into competition with our
own productions. I regard them both as neces-
sities. I suppose there is not a family in the
State of Kentucky, black or white, that does
not use tea; and I suppose that if the old ladies
of the country were consulted, they would sooner
dispense with the use of coffee than they would
of tea. The articles to which the honorable
Senator from Oregon has referred are produced
in our own country. It has long been a prin-
ciple of American legislation that where there
are products of foreign countries not produced
at all in our own country, and therefore not I
coming into competition with American labor,
which have assumed the character of necessi-
ties, and are so regarded by our people, the
tax upon them shall be put down to the lowest
limit. There was a time, I believe a few years
ago, in the legislation of our country, when tea
and coffee and spices, and articles of that char-
acter, were free or had merely a nominal tax
upon them. I vote for the proposition upon
that principle, that these are large staple pro-
duets of foreign countries, that have entered
into the consumption of our own country to
such an extent as to become necessities, and
therefore they should be free from duty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Yates,] to strike out and insert.
Mr. HOWE. I did not understand when the
amendment was last reported whether sugar
was or was not included.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now.
The amendment is to strikeout the paragraphs
in regard to sugar, and to insert that hence-
forth there shall be no tax on tea and coffee.
Mr. HOWE. If we strike out the paragraphs
in regard to sugar, and do not insert the word
"sugar" in this amendment, then the tax on
sugar will be left as it is, will it not ? Does the
Senator from Illinois wish to leave the tax on
sugar at the present rate?
Mr. YATES. No ; not at the present rate
necessarily.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the proposition
to b§ simply this : -shall tea and coffee come in
duty free or not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the prop-
osition as it stands now. It is to strike out
all of the House bill relative to sugar, and to
insert that there shall be henceforth no tax on
tea and coffee. The Chair cannot make it any
plainer than that. That is the language of the
amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I simply desire to make an
inquiry, whether the effect of that is to raise
the tax on sugar to what it was before and take
it entirely off tea and coffee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The ultimate
effect, the Chair thinks, will be, if this amend-
ment is adopted and there is nothing inserted
in the bill in regard to sugar, that the duty on
sugar will remain as under the present tariff
law.
Mr. MORTON. And the duty will be en-
tirely taken off tea and coffee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. YATES. I understand, as the Chair
decides, that if the bill is not hereafter amended,
the result of my amendment will bo to leave
the duty on sugar as it stands. I shall vote,
however, against a tax on sugar; but I prefer,
if I cannot carry (he whole, as I suppose I
cannot, to carry the amendment as far as I
can. The reason why I inquired what amend-
ment the Senator from Kentucky desired to
make was because I supposed ho was a tariff
man to a certain extent, and being a tariff man
myself to a considerable extent,! was willing,
in accordance with his expressed desire, to
divest the question of all effect upon the doe-
trine of protection to articles that are grown,
produced, manufactured, and raised in this
country.
Now, I ask any tariff man what advantage
he can gain from a tariff on tea or coffee ?
Does that sustain the interests of this coun-
try? Does that build up our manufactures?
Does a tax on tea or coffee promote the inter-
ests of any industrious American ? Of course
not, because we cannot raise those articles in
this country, and therefore cannot compete in
their production.
I am willing, for the sake of principle merely
and as a mere formality, to retain the duty
upon sugar as we would upon any other article
that is raised in this country. That is precisely
my position. 1 would not for anything dis-
criminate against the South, especially at this
time when she needs every benefit of protec-
tion from the Government, whether in the way
of lax, tariff, or any other manner. I would
not discriminate against the South. There-
fore I shall not be particular as to sugar, al-
though I know there is no country in the world
that can compete with the South in the rasing
of sugar, any more than there is any country
in the world that can compete with Illinois in
raising corn and wheat.
Simply to be consistent, therefore, while I
am for a tariff for revenue, discriminating in
favor of articles the growth and manufacture
of this country, I do not insist upon reliev-
ing sugar from taxation entirely; but I regard
a tax upon sugar, so far as protection is con-
cerned, just as I would a tax put upon corn ;
it will be of no service one way or the other,
for the South is the master of the situation
upon that subject. But tea and coffee are
articles of necessity. It does not protect the
industry of this country a particle to have a
tariff on tea and coffee. The true theory of
this whole tariff policy, if there is any truth
about it—and I believe there is some—at least
I have been taught to believe there is some, is
to levy a tax upon goods imported into this
country, which interfere and antagonize with
the great industrial interests of the country,
comc in competition with them, and bring the
pauper labor of Europe in competition with
the well paid labor of America. But as to
articles of prime necessity which go into the
houses of the rich and tho poor alike, and
especially into tho houses of the poor, wo do
not make a discrimination, unless it is to build
up some interest in this country.
The Senator from Oregon, as to boots and
shoes, asked why there should be a tax on
them ? Because the importation comes in and
deprives the shoemaker here of his business,
the manufacturer of his trade and industry ;
but it is not so with regard to tea and coffee.
I trust and I believe that every man who has
the right notions, who professes to be for a
revenue tariff' discriminating in favor of arti-
cles which are grown and manufactured in
this country, will not impose this tax on tea
and coffee. It is a tax on the poor and the
rich, and it is an improper tax because it does
not accomplish the purpose of protecting
American industry, and it does not carry out
the great idea of the men who have heretofore
favored a tariff.
Mr. President, I wish to stand upon princi-
ple on this question. When I included sugar
in my amendment it was simply for the rea-
sons that there was no competition, there was
no market which came in contact with the
South in regard to sugar. I am willing to re-
duce the tax upon sugar or to impose a greater
tax. It is entirely immaterial, if I understand
the position of that interest in this country.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
Mr. CAMERON. Will not the Senator from
Oregon allow me to make a motion which will
only occupy a few minutes, not connected with
this subject?
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection.
Mr. CAMERON. My proposition is to take
up the motion I mado to reconsider the vote
on the passage of the Southern Pacific rail-
road bill. It will only occupy a moment or
two to decide it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that.
Mr. CAMERON. You will save time by it.
Mr. SHERMAN. What does the Senator
desire ?
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to make a motion
which will occupy but a moment of the Sen-
ate's time to bring up the Southern Pacific
railroad bill. 1 will offer an amendment which
I understand will be assented to without oppo-
sition.
Air. POMEROY. What is the Senator's
amendment?
Mr. CAMERON. My amendment is that
the sum of iron not of American manufacture
shall not exceed twenty thousand tons.
Mr. STEWART. That is all right. That
is agreed on.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to any such bar-
gain as that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Conk-
ling in tho chair.) The Chair will suggest to
the Senate that that can be done informally by
unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand that
we can make any bargain of that kind.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kansas object?
Mr. POMEROY. I object to the reconsid-
eration. I am willing to take the vote on the
reconsideration of that bill now or at anytime.
That opens the whole question.
Mr. SHERMAN. If a single objection will
prevent it I object for the present. I have no
objection to taking the vote at any other time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order at this time, pending the present busi-
ness. except by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I am ready to proceed to
the consideration of the question now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is objected to, and is not in order at this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not object if it
leads to no debate; but if tho Senator from
Kansas says he is going to debate it, I must
insist on the objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Pennsylvania moves to reconsider the
vote by which Senate bill No. 047 was passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not said anything
about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I object. TheSen-
ator from Kansas ought to deal frankly with
the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I am doing so. I state
that I am willing to proceed to the considera-
tion of the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do you propose to de-
bate it?
Mr. POMEROY'.
about it.
Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. CAMERON.
I do not insist on the motion now.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I should
I shall say something
Then I object.
If there is to bo debate
