1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3977
embraced iu the second circuit under the bill
as originally reported.
Mr. STOCKTON. When this matter was
before the Senate on a previous occasion, I
expressed my opinion in accordance.with the
views just expressed by the Senator from Dela-
ware. I do really think that the Senate is
doing an act of greitt injustice to this circuit.
I think the Senate do not understand it, and I
fear that the Judiciary Committee do not under-
stand it, although I say so with great respoct.
It is a peculiar circumstance that from this
whole circuit, composed now of five States,
there is not a single Representative on the
Judiciary Committee to speak for that circuit.
With the highest possible respect and regard
both for the judgment and justice of the Judi-
ciary Committee, I muse nevertheless observe
that we have not had from this circuit an
opportunity of being heard; and I say in addi-
tion that neither the amount of population nor
any of the reasons which have been given for
the action of the Committee are sufficient to
justify their action. The nature and character
of the business should be taken into consider-
ation.
Nor is the fact that there are only twenty- three
cases on the Supreme Court docket from this
proposed third circuit a matter thai should be
taken into too much consideration. That does
not tell the story of the amount of business
that the circuit judge has to do in his circuit
and the distances he has to travel- I submit
that the natural and local relations of New
Jersey to New York, the greater portion of her
businessand commercial relations being in that
part of the State adjoining New York, make
it much more convenient, make it a much
more economical distribution of labor to leave
her as the bill was originally in the second cir-
cuit than to place her in this circuit as it is at
present in the bill as amended in committee.
The motion which was made by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, and for which I voted most
cheerfully, to throw Virginia into the fifth cir-
cuit, would have relieved the third circuit some-
what ; but I submit that .the very best thing
that can be done is to put the bill back as it
stood originally before this amendment was
introduced. I do not know who introduced
the bill originally; but it was such a natural
and wise arrangement of these circuits to place
New Jersey and New York together that it has
evidently been a matter which no one of good
judgment could avoid assenting to in drawing
such a bill. That was manifestly the first im-
pression without extraneous influences being
allowed to operate to put New J ersey and New
York together. I trust that the amendment
made in committee will not be agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is oil concurring in the first amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had better have a
division upon it.
Mr. DRAKE. Is this question on all the
amendments ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
first amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. What is the first amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment
made in Committee of the Whole was in line
five, to strike out the words ''and New Jersey,-'
so that New York will constitute the second
circuit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question is on con-
curring in the amendment, so as to leave^New
Jersey with Pennsylvania and the other States
where it now is. New York contains a popu-
lation of four and a half millions, and has
more business than all these States together.
I think the committee have it right, and I trust
the amendment made in Committee of the
Whole wilt be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in; there
being, on a division—ayes 27, noes 12,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the second amend-
ment made as in Committee ofthe Whole.
Mr. TJRDMBULL. Can we not take the
vote on all the amendments together ? .
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore.. The Sen-
ator from California [Mr. CasserlyJ requested
to have them divided.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit that it is not
in order to divide theso amendments. The
Committee on the J udiciary reported certain
amendments to the bill as one amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment has been agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment in line
eight is a part of the same amendment. The
Committee on the Judiciary reported the bill
back, striking out New Jersey from the New
York circuit and putting it. in the Pennsylva-
nia circuit. That was part of the committee's
amendment. Now we are dividing up the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Missouri, chang-
ing the designation of the Chief Justice ofthe
Supreme Court of the United States. The
other amendment has been concurred in, as
the Senator supposes. The question now is
on the amendment changing the designation
of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; I beg pardon of
the Chair. It is only declaring what his offi-
cial designation is, and correcting p.n error in
previous legislation. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is corrected.
Mr. SCOTT. I will inquire whether it is in
order at this time, to renew in the Senate the
amendment I offered in Committee of the
Whole?
The PRESIDENT pro temjiore. ft will be
after this question is disposed of. The ques-
tion nowis on concurring in the second amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SCOTT. At the request of several Sen-
ators who voted in the negative upon the very
close vote by which ray amendment was re-
jected in committee I now renew it, and trust
that, what tho Senator from Now Jersey has
said may have its full weight. I do not say it
in the way of complain!.; but the third circuit
is not represented upon the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and it was somewhat ol' a surprise to
the Senators from that circuit when this bill
was reported. Of course it is utterly impos-
sible, to get iu a lull Senate the attention ofthe
body to a change of this character, with the
prestige of the report of a committee in favor
of a bill; but the chairman of the committee
having himself stated that this amendment
does not really disarrange the circuits, and
does, make a better proportion of population,
1 trust that that fact will change enough votes
in the Senate to carry the amendment in the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania will be
reported.
•The Chief Ci.erk. Tho amendment is to
strikeout m line seven the words "and Vir-
ginia," so that the third circuit shall be com-
posed of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware,
and Maryland ; in line thirteen after the word
"Arkansas" to insert the words " and Ten-
nessee," so that the fourth circuit shall be
cpmposed of the districts of Mississippi, Louis-
iana, Texas, Arkansas, and Tennessee; and
in line fifteen to strike out the words " and
Tennessee," so that the fifth circuit shall be
composed of the districts of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, and Ala-
bama.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore having put
the question, said : The Chair is unable to
decide. Senators in favor of the amendment
will rise.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before the Signage divide
I should like to say a word. I should be very
glad to gratify my friend from Pennsylvania;
but the trouble is not ao much with the Vir-
ginia and North Carolina circuit as it is with
the next one, which carries Tennessee over
into the southwestern circuit, which puts five
of those great States together and makes such
an extent^ of territory and so many courts,
although there is pot so muoh business in some
of them, that the circuit judge never could get
around.
Mr. WARNER. I rise to a point of order.
Wo are getting tired of standing. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe 1 was recognized
by the Chair as being entitled to speak. If it
is disagreeable to my friend from Alabama to
stand I give him leave, for one, to sit down.
[Laughter.]
The objection to the amendment, therefore,
is that it will load down tho southwestern cir-
cuit. It does not do any particular harm to
the circuit of my friend from Pennsylvania, but
it compels us to add Tennessee to tho south-
western circuit, which makes such a great
extent of territory that it will not work, in my
opinion. That is all I wish to say, and I ask
pardon for saying that.
The amendment was rejected | there being
on a division—ayes 20,"noes '2i.
Tho bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration ofexecutive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after three
hours and three quarters spent in executive
session the doors were reopened.
vrsiTDKS TO WEST POINT. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
act approved February 21, 1870, entitled "An
act making impropriations for the support of
the .Military Academy forthe fiscal year ending
June !10, 187]," it is made the duty of the Vice
President or President pro tempore ofthe Sen-
ate to designate two Senators as members of tho
Board of Visitors to attend the annual examin-
ation of tho Military Academy at West Point.
The Chair designates the Senator from New
York [Mr. Conkuxi}] and the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,J The Senator
from Massachusetts, who is chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Wilson",]
is detained at home by domestic bereavement,
and on consultation with his colleague the
Chair concluded that ho could not accept the
appointment if it were tendered to him.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, June 1, 1870,
Tho House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. .J. (}. Buti.kr.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ANNEXATION' Of DOMINICA.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a joint resolu-
tion to annex the republic, of Dominica.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
ask to introduce it for reference to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object,
oatii oe office,
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the lull (S.
No. 218) prescribing an oath of office to be
taken by persons who participated in the late
rebellion, but who are not. disqualified frmit
holding office by the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States! 'me] that
it be referred to the Committee ott llocoMstvi'.u
tion.
