1870.
THOB COFGRESSIOIfAL GLOBE.
3033
favor, as is the great body of the Hoftse, of a
general system of amnesty. We believe, and
experience illustrates our belief; that so long
as you pass bills for partial amnesty legisla-
tion for general amnesty will be postponed. I
know that the majority of the House, and many
members of the .Republican party represent-
ing districts in the South, representing negro
votes, and representing truly the negro vote, are
ready to vote for a system of general amnesty.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
himself is in favor of it. These bills are got-
ten up, and the country will , take notice, to
enable men to take office, old office-holders
who are seeking to be revamped into public
favor and rehabilitated, for the purpose of tak-
ing office. Such bills as this, Mr. Speaker,
are nothing more nor less than premiums
given to" certain parties for their profligacy and
for their desertion of what they once conceived
to be the right doctrine and the right politics. I
wish to say, on behalf of the great body of the
people, whom I believe to be in favor of gen-
eral amnesty, that they are not represented in
the postponement of a general bill from week
to week and from year to year.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know that
I can yield further.
Mr. COX. The negroes of the South are
far more generous toward their white brethren
than are their white Representatives.' I would
rather trust them to-day in this matter. I
would rather trust their kindness of heart and
generosity of disposition toward their old mas-
ters to do what was right than I would trust the
white Representatives who are postponing t4ie
issue of a general amnesty, and I believe would
wish to postpone it until the day of judgment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield fur-
ther to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cox,,] and now yield two minutes to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan.]
Mr. MORGAN, f have asked two minutes,
but I do not know that I will occupy one.' I
beg to say that tbe remarks of the gentleman
from New York misrepresent-the sentiments
of tbe whole southern people. I have corre-
sponded with hundreds of them, and in my
action in this matter I have known no party,
and will know none. I say, sir, that in deal-
ing with this question the members of this
House should rise to'the dignity and responsi-
bility of feeling themselves to be Represent-
atives of the whole American people, without
regard to party. I am willing to grant amnesty
to the man who comes here asking amnesty, I
care not who he is or what bis name may be.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will tbe gentleman allow
me to make a remark ?
Mr. MORGAN. I have only two minutes,
and cannot yield. I want this fact to be known
to the country, that the gentlemen on this side
of the House, except two or three who have
objected, have always been in favor of remov-
ing the political disabilities of the people of
the South.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have not
objected.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman may be in
favor of a general amnesty, but he has con-
stantly and persistently objected to the removal
of the political disabilities of individuals.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield two
minutes to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is well
known to those who have been members of
■this House that I have been in the front rank
of those who have objected to the removal of
individual disabilities. I found that wha*, was
proposed was in the -main a party removal, a
removal of the disabilities of those who were
•opposed to me in politics; while the removal
of their disabilities are refuged to those who
were in favor of the party to which I belong.
I have repeated again and again that I was in
favor of pardoning anybody and everybody. I
believe the day is now come for a universal
amnesty, and bo far as I am in a position to
judge the slate of public opinion I reiterate
the assertion of my colleague [Mr. Cox] on that
subject. No man has been more opposed to
negro suffrage in this House than I have been.
But at this hour and at this moment, from
what I hear and see of the action of southern
negro Legislatures, I would trust myself and j
my friends sooner for amnesty to the Africans :
of the South than I would to the majority of !
this House for a general, universal amnesty!
bill, so far as I can fornt a judgment from the
reports, of the Reconstruction Committee to
this House.
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhlo. That is a good bid
for their vote.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am for the
pardon of every person who was engaged in
the southern rebellion. I think that the hour 1
is now come for a measure which will secure
that object. The whole course of my action
and of my policy in opposing individual bills
has been to awaken and arouse the attention
6f the House to the injustice 6f this mode of
procedure, and by arousing that attention to !
get more early action for the removal of all[
disabilities. j
Mr. COVODE. I ask the gentleman from j
Illinois [Mr. Farnswoutii] to yield to me for
a few moments. !
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must, in the first1
place, yield for two minutes to my friend from
Texas, [Mr. Degener.]
Mr. DEGENER. Mr. Speaker, it is a very
common practice with gentlemen on the Dem-
ocratic side of the House to reproach our party 1
with vindictiveness. I beg to say that I have ;
never yet refused to indorse the petition for i
pardon of any m^n who chose to ask for it i
over his own signature. That is the extent
to which our vindictiveness goes. Certainly
the boon of franchise is< sufficiently valuable
to make it worth while lor a man to sign a
document with his own name in order to obtain
it, and I have always insisted upon that before
I would agree to propose a man's name for
pardon. This is a peculiar case; and we would
not be so urgent if it was not so peculiar.
To-day the Legislature of Texas meet. The
Governor will be inaugurated to-morrow. It
is necessary to officer our State. These gen-
tlemen have been elected to office, but labor
under disabilities. They cannot take the oath
if you,do not to-day remove their disabilities.
A similar bill is being pressed on the Seuate
for this reason, and 1 ask the House to pass !j
this bill • arid not to delay it with any further I j
amendments. Sorneof the taerv whoss names
are- included in this bill are Democrats. They j!
have condescended -to,ask for pardon over;,
their own signatures, and we Radicals Of Texas !;
have indorsed their claims. That is all I have
to say. •, ■ j,
Mr.-FARNSWORTH. I now yield for two ;i
minutes to the gentleman from' Pennsylvania, i
[Mr. CovoDr.3 j
Mr. BENJAMIN. Irise toa.point of order. !
I believe the motion' of the gentleman from ;
Illinois is to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered. |'
The SPEAKER. That is not the motion. j
The motion is to reconsider the vote by which m
the bill was ordered to be engrossed. j!
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, I do not know ,
how many children the gentleman from New !
York [Mr. Brooks] has, but while he was so
eloquently insisting upon removing the disabil-
ities of all these men I was reflecting npon the
policy and the fate of Ahab. [Laughter.] ;
The gentleman from New York should go back
and read the Bible and reflect upon the doings •
of Ahab, who was so very merciful as to par-
don Benhadad. . I recollect that in conse-
quence of that act he not only lost his own life ,
for the mercy he showed to that rebel, but he |
lost the- lives of all >hi& sonsj and-they were j
numerous—I think more so thaa the family of '• j
tbe gentleman from New York. [Laughter.] I
He does not, therefore, run so much risk in :j
disobeying the commands of Heaven as Ahab ||
did. [Laughter.] I want gentlemen on the
other side of the House to read the Bible,
[laughter,] and reflect upon what the policy
of God was in dealing with the enemies of the
country, the enemies of His people. The gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,] upon a
former occasion, insisted on my repeating this
little,story, but after it was done he declared
to me that he did not know whether I was
quoting from the Bible or from Josepbus.
i [Great laughter.] If he will look in the sec-
ond book of Kings he will find that it is from
the Bible, and that it was the policy of the
Lord to punish the .men that attempted to
destroy His people.- [Laughter.]
- Mr. MORGAN. 1 greatly fear that the
\ policy of the people will not be advanced by
the devil quoting scripture. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will detaiu the
House but a moment. I know nothing, nor did
theCommitteeon Reconstruction, of the polities
; of the men who names are in this bill, bat I am
informed by the members from Texas that two
of them are. Democrats. I have never stopped
to inquire what the political opinions of any
man were who has asked for the clemency of
this Government in this direction. Tbe facts
contradict tbe statement ot the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] in reference to this
' being a partisan proceeding. During the last
Congress we relieved from disabilities gentle-
men in order that they might take their seats
upon this floorand voteagainst the Republican
! party here. We have relieved Democrats as
! welt as Republicans, and I believe that it has not
1 been the practice of the Committee on Recon-
| struction to inquire into the political opinions
' of any one except so far as to inquire whether
they accepted the situation in good faith, re-
pented of their rebellion; and were now for
i maintaining the Government. I am willing
I myself to strike hands with the colored Senator
[ from Mississippi, who haspresented to theSen-
1 ate the memorial of th0 Legislature of that State
asking amnesty.forall the citizens of that State;
I am willing to extend this clemency. t,o every
citizen of the United States. I do not believe
that it either makes the Government stronger
or the Republican party stronger to refuse to
relieve from their disabilities a y- of the people
of the country.. Bo long as rebels vote, so long
a& all the white men in the.south vote, which is
tbe case now in nearly every State, it makes
bnt little difference whether they can hold office
or not. In .fact, they would have less cause for
Irritation and. offense, less cause to hate the
Republican party and the Government, if we
would allow then) to bold office as well as vote,
than if we do as we are now doing—allow them
to vote and exelude them from the right to hold
office. I believe that it is the policy of the
Republican.party as well aa the true policy of
the Government, to wipe out these disabilities,
to repeal the test-oath, and to place the citizens
of the United States upon an equality in that
regard. Mr. Speaker, 1 am appealed to by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] to
yield him five minutes. I will do so with the
promise that I will yield no farther, but will
then, withdraw the motion to reconsider.
, Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I would
sot seek to participate in this debate were it
not for some difference of opinion that prevails
on this side of the House. I regard political
proscription as wrong entirely. There is no
pari of it right in principle. I would disfran-
chise no citizen of this country on account of
what occurred during tbe rebellion, nor, indeed,
on any other account.
Looking at this Subject in that light, I can-
not .sympathize with these of my own friends
on this side of the House who object to this
bill because it is' partisan in its character. It
may be so; the bill may be brought here with
persons named in it who are expected to vote
a certain ticket: But even admitting that to
be the case, is it supposed that I woald vote
against relieviug those persons from their polit-
ical disabilities because they do not vote for
