1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2089
to suppress the perpetration of such acts of violcnco
or obstruction, it shall be the duty of tho President
to send into such State such number of the troops of
tho United States as may be necessary for tho sup-
pression of such acts of violence or obstruction, and
tho subjugation and dispersion of such organizations
and combinations; and tho officercomraandingsuch
troops, upon arriving in tho county or district where
such organizations or combinations shall have been
represented to exist, shall declare martial law over
such county or district, with suspension of tho writ
of habeas coy-pus, if such suspension bo authorized by
tho President, and shall tako all measures known to
martial law for the suppression o f such organizations
and combinations, and shall hold and maintain mil-
itary.! urisdictionover all persons arrested by his order
until their cases shall be finally disposed ot; andshall
piucoedto lovyuponand collectfiomtheinhabitauts
of such county or district a sum of money sufficient
to pay tho expenses of tho transportation of such
troops from tho point wlicnco they were ordered to
tho point of their operations in such county or dis-
trict, and ail other expenses of his command, except
pay and clothing, while such command shall bo there
f-tationed for the purposcaforcsaid. And this section
shall apply to any rase in any of said States where
the President may have heretofore sent a military
foiceupon thorcqucstof thcLegislatureorGovcinor
thereof for the suppression of domestic violcnco.
And if tho Army of tho United States shall bo so sta-
tioned or employed as that it cannot, in the judgment
of the President, be advantageously used for this ser-
vice, ho shall call out and orsarmo a sullicicnt num-
ber of tho militia of States whieh have not been in
arinod hostility to tho United Slates to accomplish
such suppression ; and tho provisions of this section
shall apply to the militiaso called outand organized.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is tho im-
pression of the Chair that tho Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Drake] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DttAKE. It' was not my desire to
enter upon the discussion of this question this
morning; and if there aro any other Senators
who wish to speak upon it at this time I will
very cheerfully yield the floor.
Mr. 1IOWI5LL. [ had proposed to make
some remarks on this amendment; but I do
not wish it understood that. 1 am malting a
speech on the Georgia bill. 1 regard this
amendment as unfortunately introduced in con-
nection with this bill, and I regard a similar
amendment whieh 1 see on my desk as not
germane to the bill now before the Senate, and
1 think it is unfortunate that such general legis-
lation as this, of such immense importance to
the whole country, East and West, North and
South, throughout all our borders, should be
placed by way of amendment upon a bill for
the admission of a State into the Union. It
does not, belong there, it is belittling a mat-
ter of great importance to stick it iu as an
amendment on such a bill as this bill for the
admission of Georgia.
I protest against tho amendment olfemi by
the Senator from Missouri aa an outrageous
violation of the ordinary principles of justice
as held throughout the civilized world; as in
violation of justice itself, in eveiy particular,
and, as applied to the United States in general,
as a, wrong in every respect to the citizens of
this country. While I say this I. want it under-
stood distinctly that i have no objection to the
punishment of tho traitors, tho rebels, and the
insurrectionists iu Georgia or in any other
State. I should go for the extreme penally
of the law being applied to them, and for such
other laws, of whatever severity as may bo
required, to punish the guilty. Jiut this is no
law for the punishment of the guilty; this is a
measure directly for the punishment of the
innocent—the innocent before the law, I mean ;
for all aro innocent, who are not proven guilty.
This proposed law attempts to punish the inno-
cent for deeds committed by the guilty. 'J'his
is in violation of the principles of justice. No
Government can sustain itself among a people
over whom it rules in the practice of such a
principle as that. Wo have had it, to be sure,
in the eastern despotisms, in Asia; we have
had it elsewhere, now and then, in the sup-
pression of rebellions in England in the time
of Cromwell; and in France at times a similar
principle to this, punishing the innocent for
the crimes of the guilty, has prevailed; but it
is a confession of impotence, a confession of
imbecility on the part of any Government, and
it is an outrage upon the principles of justice I
for any Government thus to undertake to pur.- i
ish indiscriminately those citizens who maybe
found within the limits of a certain county or
district or municipality for the deeds of vio-
lence and crime that may be done within that
district.
Why, sir, I hold that it is the duty of this
Government to suppress violence. It is the
duty of this Government to punish crime. It
is the duty of this Government to find out who
the criminals are and to punish them. But if
this Government in its imbecility says that it
cannot 2nd out who tho criminals are, and
therefore it will go to work and punish the
community in which those criminals live and
commit their deeds of violence and crime,
what does this Government do butcome outas
a confessed despotism, regardless of the prin-
ciples of justice? Justice is what we need;
justice is what we want; and no Government
m Christendom can bo recognized as a benefi-
cent Government, as entitled to the gratitude,
the love, the respect, tho reverence, and the
support of its citizens that thus disregards the
principles of justice and punishes tho inno-
centfor the deeds of the guilty,
I know that in times of groat oxcitomcnt,
such as have resulted from the civil war that
has prevailed in this country, in tho border
States public opinion has justilied such a policy
as this. J believe that in the State v.Uich the
Senator who offers tho amendment represents
the State authorities at one time and possibly
the Unitort States authorities, but I think that
was during tho war, did go about into different
counties where violence existed, where crimes
were perpetrated, and did assess and collect
of citizens who were not proved guilty various
sums to pay the expenses of the attempt to put
down tins insurrection or tho violence that
existed there. But that will yot do as a gen-
eral principle. It will not do in this country
for a time of peace. It will not do as a gen-
eral principle of administration of justice under
the Government of tho United Slates, because
it disregards that principle of justice upon which
alone government is founded, upon whieh
alone government has any right to exist. If
it cannot exist, on the principle of enforcing
the laws for the punishment of criminals, of
maintaining justice by the proper administra-
tion of justice against crime, then it has no
business to exist m this civilized and Christian
country, and let it abdicate its powers and
abdicate its authority. We want a Govern-
ment to punish criminals, not a Government
to punish the innocent because criminals are
too powerful for its authority, or because the
Government cannot go to the trouble and ex-
pense of finding out who the criminals are.
Remember that this proposition, so unjust
in ilselt, so regardless of all the principles that
have heretofore been held sacred in our coun-
Iry from the beginning of government in the
United States, applies not only to the south-
ern States that have been recently in rebellion,
but it applies to all the States of this Union,
is to apply now, is to apply in time to come in
all the future of our country. And if in cer-
tain districts lawless persons band themselves
together and defy the authority of the law, and
the State government in its weakness or for
some other reason appeals to the United States
Government for aid, then the United States
Government is to march its troops there, into
that State, into that district, and, as the Sen-
ator says, it is to make requisitions on this
man and that man and tho other man living
in that district and require them, in punish-
ment for this violence and outrage, to pay the
expenses of this movement of troops and this
quartering of troops in a disturbed district.
Whom does that fall upon? Who, is it natu-
ral to suppose, are the guilty persons that band
themselves together for acts of violence in
such cases? Not the property holders in the
district, not those who have to pay the pen-
alty, but those who are not property holders,
those who have nothing in the way of prop-
erty to be mulcted in damages.
Is that a correct principle of government in
this day and age? Can this Government sustain
itself on such a principle as that and maintain
its hold upon the affections, upon the confi-
dence, upon the approval of the people? In
almost any county or district of any consider-
able extent there may be in one portion of that
district a set of lawless men who will violently
commit crime and murder and outrage upon
the people of that particular section and sec-
tions adjacent, until they involve in it a very
large section of country, or if it be smaller
there tho power of the Government is t,o be
called in; and what will be the result? That
the men of property, the men of means, the
men of peaceable and quiet habits are to pay
the expense of quelling these outrages and
subduing these lawless men. After they have
suffered the peril of their property and the peril
of their lives and the bad reputation which is
brought upon their community by these crim-
inals, the Government of the United States
comes in and fines and harasses them to pay
for these outrages. There is no principle of
justice upon wlueh such a proceeding can be
based.
An attempt to justify it has been made upon
the ground that in the olden time of England
the tens and the hundreds were required to
become responsible for the crimes committed
in their midst. That custom, revived and
enforced in England by Alfred the Great, was
derived from Germany, and had existed there
for centuries before; and how? Itwasathing
that grew up in that community ; it became
incorporated with their customs; it was part
and parcel of their institutions. It grew out
of the fact that those Angles, those Franks,
those Saxons were a people who marched with
arms in their hands and their families at their
backs, who settled upon their fields and culti-
vated them, if need be, with their arms about
them, and having gathered their crops went on
in military array to some other region, and
there divided into companies of hundreds and
companies of tens under military discipline
and under military rule. They, of course, were
enabled to enforce this as a military regulation,
and then Alfred the Great, tho successor of
the conqueror of the Heptarchy, his grand-
father, introduced and enforced and systema-
tized this custom in the barbarous days of
England over a conquered country. That is
the origin and that is the justification of the
principle which is now to be lifted from the
days of barbarism and a condition of barbarism,
and military despotism and military discipline,
and to cover with its aegis the United States of
Amcricain this closing portion of the nineteen th
century.
I trust such a principle will never be adopted
and made a part of the system of our laws. I
object to it in any form—in the form presented
by the Senator from Missouri as a monstrosity,
an outrage upon civilization and Christianity;
and in the lorm of the amendment suggested
by the Senator from Ohio as inconsistent with
tho principle of republicanism, and with the
theory and the history of our country from the
beginning. I say it will not do thus to punish
tho innocent; I say there is no basis upon which
you can found such a proceeding. This amend-
ment provides that you shall go into a county,
and that you shall make that county in its cor-
porate capacity—that means the people of the
county as a matter of course—pay by taxation,
by levies, by subsidies, by whatever mode it
may be brought about, this penalty which is
imposed ior violence in that county. Now,
what propriety is there that a county should
suffer in that way; that the people of a county
should thus be held responsible by the United
States Government for the expense of march-
ing troops into that county, simply because a
portion of tho men of that county or of the
neighboring counties who have gone into that
county are committing acts of lawless violence
and insurrection there? They are simply an
organization of a civil character for the dis-
