1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1145
does the Senator find a place big enough for a
dove to put down the sole ot her toot to stand
upon in asking mo whether I mean to say that
this " farm schedule" which I exhibit is the
schedule, siting he is informed it is not?
Mr. Sl'MNKU. If the Senator will pardon
me, I will say that my informant was Dr.
Hough, who put into my hands a schedule,
which was to be one of the schedules to be
left, differing in size and in character from the
one which the Senator now brings forward. I
have it not on my table now. but I had yes-
terday.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Dr. Hough wrote out
this very schedule ; it is in his handwriting,
and comes in answer to a note from me to the
Secretary of the Interior asking for a copy of
the schedule required by the House bill. Had
the honorable Senator, like other members of
the committee, devoted himself to the subject,
did he know as well as some of the members
of the committee have been compelled to
know the side winds, not of doctrine merely
but of partisanship and private motive, by
which the subject has been blown to and fro,
he would have learned to receive if not with
allowance at least with caution, and to verify
for himself, the countless statements which are
thrust upon us.
But a little further, sir. The honorable Sen-
ator held up, in answer to my criticism of the
plan of leaving schedules to be filled up by the
people, the New York schedule containing over
one hundred questions, and he said that he was
authorized by Dr. Hough to stake his reputa-
tion upon that. Let me say that if Dr. Hough
has made the honorable Senator the trustee of
his reputation, aud has authorized him to stake
it so freely upon the hazard of these dies, he
must have reputation to spare. But this sched-
ule was presented in answer to the argument
against the preliminary distribution of sched-
ules. Did not that honorable Senator know
that his manner and words in introducing and
the connection in which he introduced it would
leave upon the Senate the impression that that
schedule had been employed in the way he was
arguing a schedule might advantageously be em-
ployed? AndyetlcaunotdoubtttiatDr. Hough
must have informed the Senator, although it
seems to have made no impression upon him,
that it is not known to have entered the jaded
imagination of mortal man to leave such a cat-
echism as the New York schedule to be filled
up by the people. It was made for no such
purpose and used in no such way.
But the Senator said that a preliminary dis-
tribution of schedules had taken place in Eng-
land; and although we know how homelike
the Senator is in his precedents, how he hates
foreign fashions and ideas from abroad, he
did attach very great importance to the fact
that in England a preliminary distribution of
schedules had prevailed. He cited the fact
as triumphant and conclusive. The English
schedule, being one small sheet, contains nine
questions only. Let me give the Senate briefly
the facts which support that preliminary dis
tribution in England, aud see if any Senator
other than the Senator from Massachusetts can
Bee hope in the example.
The area of England and Wales is 58,320
square miles; that of the United States about
4,000,000 square miles. England and Waleg
have 37,325,000 acres ; the United States have
244,102,000 acres. By act of Parliament 31,000
enumerators were required to copy into books,
respectively, the particulars of theirseveral dis-
tricts. Ihese books, with the schedules, were
required to be placed in the hands of 2,197
registrars, by whom they were separately ex-
amined for correction. Within twenty-two
days the books and schedules were to be trans-
ferred to the charge of 681 superintendent regis-
trars to have their accuracy tested, and by I
the superintendent registrars they were, after ■
revision, transmitted to the census office.
All of these safeguards and these repeated
scrutinies are employed in order that accuracy
may be attained in one little sheet containing
nine questions, and gathered in a little area by
31.000 men who hold office for life and know
personally the answers in most cases to the
nine simple questions they ask.
These men leave the nine questions before-
hand, and from this fact the Senator jumps to
the conclusion that with our immense area a
few freshly-employed enumerators might profit-
ably leave beforehand one hundred and eighty-
eight heads of inquiry with the people, and that
the answers would be written out.
Mr. President, while the honorable Senator
was demonstrating the wisdom of a prelim-
inary distribution of blanks, relying from first
to last upon Dr. Hough as his authority, I
wonder that he did not notice the census taken
of the District of Columbia in 1SG7. That is
a recent event which fully typifies and illus-
trates the leading feature of the bill which the
Senator supports. Preliminary schedules were
distributed there. Great pains were taken.
The Freedmen's Bureau and the policemen
interceded and many auxiliaries were brought
in. I ask the Senate to hear the result-
Washington alone was divided into 122 enum-
eration districts, Georgetown into 21, and the
remainder of the District into 11—154 in all.
Among the returns of nativity, page 24, there
appear "unknown 7,460" Jn the table of
'• parentage nationalities of whites of twenty and
more years of age," the "unknowns" amount
by a classification of ages to 1,926, while in
the recapitulation table they amount to 4,176.
At the foot of page 20 it is stated—-and I have
the census report here—that 18,995 persons
failed to report their period of residence. We
have, therefore, in all. 30,037 "unknowns" in
the three columns of " nativity of the people,"
"nationality of parents." and "duration of
residence." Extend such a scheme over a
continent; spread it over 40,000,000 people,
embracing 8,000,000 who cannot read and
write; extend it to 188 subjects of inquiry ;
and then let each Senator answer whether he is
prepared toembark §1,720,000 of thepeople's
money in such an experiment.
1 leave it there; because passingbythe machin-
ery of the bill—which we have heard repeated
with somewhat of monotony, it is "a machine
that will not work"—I would come to the sub-
jects of inquiry which are so " barbarously"
neglected, in the language of the Senator from
Massachusetts. The first of these is "agri-
culture." Agriculture lies bleeding in the
streets for the want of consideration in the
American census! Neglected and slighted agri-
culture ! in whose behalf the Senator ejaculates,
" are we to do nothing for agriculture?" Let
me give the Senate the additions in behalf of
! agriculture proposed by the House bill.
First, "woodland," that slightly indefinable
and poetic something, which in express terms
is not included in the schedules of 1850, but
every acre of which appears, not in " tilled and
improved land"—that appears also—but in
acres laid down, county by county and State
by State, of "unimproved lands."
Second, " poultry and eggs" is an addition.
Third, "milk sold forgeneraluse." Ihave
wondered a good deal what kind of milk that
is—"milksold forgeneraluse." [Laughter.]
I thoughtperhaps it was likethedrunken man's
milk; the milk of the man who came home at
night drunk and thirsty, and, hunting in the
pantry for something to drink, inquired of his
wife whether the milk was tied up in anything,
or lying around loose. [Laughter.]
Fourth, "berries;" which, however, are
mixed in the bill with "orchard products;"
so that no eye but the all-seeing Eye could
ever tell, when the returns were made, how
many or how few the berries were, or their
value by themselves.
Fifth, "peanuts and nuts."
And now, Mr. President, I have completed
that imposing array, the addition of which to
the schedules will cause the now languishing
interests of agriculture to spring suddenly to
their feet, and to stand disenthralled and regen-
erated by the irresistible agency of the n«-w
fashioned census. These are the onlv additions,
I repeat, proposed by the House.
Mr. President, let me tell you of one fclow
struck by the proposed schedules at agriculture
and at the cause of statistics, which outweighs
"beeswax" and "peanuts." "berries" and
" milk sold for general use." [Laughtar.] It
is proposed by the bill to destroy the integrity
of the census period ; to cut the last year in
two, and to have the returns ot' agriculture
made for the year 1800. The census is to lie
taken on the 1st of J,me, as the last census
was, so that the end of the fiscal year would be
necessary to complete the decade ; but to break
up all continuity, to destroy the possibility
of comparison even by periods of time, a plow-
share lias been run over this deiuurkation.
and, according to the schedules proposed, the
year 1809 i3 to terminate the period of the
ninth census, leaving the interval between the
1st of January and the 1st of June, 1870,
entirely unheard of. I take the sealer, in \\ hich
statistics weigh facts, and put in one this de-
structive alteration, which impairs the census
period, which divides the fiscal year, which
leaves a ragged and unequal period for the
census; and into the other I put all the ben-
efits of peanuts, hens' eggs, aud milk; and I
ask the Senate to judge which scale will kick
the beam.
The honorable Senator gave his notice next
to fisheries. I mean to be brief, and therefore
let me say that fisheries are described most
i aptly and unmistakably in the act of 1850.
1 How? As " products of industry." Are they
not fucli products? And they appear fully.
They appear in the historical statement, and
they appear tabulated, from the whale to the
oyster ; and that is far enough, I think, even for
the big fish of the present.
Mr. President, no portion of the disquisition
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
moved me so profoundly as the notice he gave
to the subject of mines. Just there he hankered
covetously after the vote of the senior Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] and see, Mr. Pres-
ident, see the profound knowledge of man;
the alwost forbidden insight into the secret
springs and dark solitudes of human nature;
the wily cunning; the subtle stealth; the more
than magician's art, with which he angled for
that inexperienced and unsuspecting Senator.
[I^aughter.] He first unmanned hnn ; he ap-
pealed to his pride of locality ; he invoked his
1 love of home ; he conjured him by his record
so bright and so true on the subject of mines;
and, having thus malted into pliability the
gentler nature of his captive, all at once he
executed one of those grand movements of
oratory, one of those majestic transitions from
horizon to horizon, and maddened his helpless
listener with resentment against the census of
18G0 and the act authorizing it. Observe the
consummate means employed. He resorted to
a sudden disclosure, and revealed the fact that
products of mines appear in the same census
table with productions of paper and produc-.
tions of cotton. Only think of it, the product
of mines crucified between two such commer-
cial thieves as one of Christendom's chief sta-
ples on the one side, and on the other the great
civilizer of the world! The precious metals
sandwiched between two such lepers as cotton
and paper!
Alas, for the products of mines I
But the melancholy £tid is not yet.
A sadder reality still was left untold by the
Senator. How will the patriotic hearts ef the
Senators from Nevada swell with agonizing
emotion when I point them to the place dedi-
cated to the precious metals in the schedules
of the House. "Hung be the heavens with
black ! " "Tell it not in Gath, publish it not
in the streets of Askelon," that in the scheme
advocated by the Senator from Massachusetts
the gold and the silver of Nevada, the young
bride of the Union, are consigned to a plac©
