3034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
my party? That would make me as much a
partisan and as wrong in principle as those
who refuse to relieve my political friends who
would vote as I vote. Such an example I
cannot follow,
I cannot recognise a man's political opin-
ions at all in discussing the right to vote and
hold office in this country. While men obey
the laws and pay their taxes I shall make no
further inquiry as to their partisan views. It
matters not to me if every one named in this
bill shall vote with the Republican party. It
is a higher question than that. It is the ques-
tion of constitutional government. It is by the
right that I stand, whatever may be the polit-
ical bias or sentiment of these persons. Hav-
ing said this as a matter for present consider-
ation, let me respectfully express to the House
my profound regret that mercy does not flow
faster and freer; that it should come in that
strained and stinted measure, which is con-
demned by the philosophy and the religion of
civilized mankind ; that it should be so slow
in these Halls, and that universal amnesty has
not been proclaimed. Indeed, it is one of the
wonderful features-of the times which should
rebuke the minds of men here, that even the
colored race of the South ia asking for an
amnesty which shall wipe away all the bitter-
ness and the acrimony left by the lamentable
war through which we have passed. In their
simplicity they speak but the voice of untutored
nature.
I have some reason to complain; and if my
private disappointment governed my conduct
here I might vote against this bill. I have this
session tried hard to get just one man, an ex-
cellent, quiet gentleman, relieved from polit-
ical disabilities. It was at one time agreed
that his name should be put in the bill which
passed the House this winter; but in someway
or other unknown to me the name was dropped
out at the last moment. It was done possibly
because I recommended him. The bill was in
the hands of a Representative from South Car-
olina who is here no longer. Possibly the
fact that my name was upon the application
weighed with him, if not with other members
of that committee.
I have to day been to the gentleman from
Illinois £Mr. Farnsworth] and asked him for
the privilege of putting in this bill the name
of the gentleman. The opportunity was re-
vised me. Bat what matters that ? Am I to
stand here in a spirit of spite ? Am I to say
that because this man cannot have his political
disabilities removed, therefore I will range
myself upon the side of proscription, hate,
malevolence, and malignancy ? Sir, I cannot
do that. I have received many letters from
gentlemen in the South on this subject. Some
of them have written that inasmuch as they
could not have their own disabilities removed
therefore they desired that none should be
removed. I cannot concur in that sentiment.
It is wrong. I expect to vote for every mess*
ure of relief, whether it is for one person, for
two, for three, for six, or for a dozen—the
more the better, of course. I shall vote for
every one until this relic of despotism, this
wrong, this blot and blemish upon the legisla-
tion of the times, this crime against the true
principle of government, shall be wiped out.
it may come slowly and it may be done slowly,
but it will be done at last. This vestige of
the dark ages and instrument of monarchies ia
their oppressions will at last pass away, and
then all will wonder why it remained so long
to cumber this progressive Christian era.
It will be a bright day when the last bill of
this kind shall be offered here and passed. It
will be a brighter day still when this Congress
shall rise up and honor itself by saying, once
for all, that the end has come and a universal
amnesty, like the love of God, shall fill all the
borders of the land. But until I can hail that
blessed day I will take what I can get and be
glad. As a member of the minority 1 will grate-
fully accept whatever may be offered in favor
of the general principle which I indorse, the
entire relief of all from political proscription.
[Here the hammer fell.]
■ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the mo-
tion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will finish the
reading of the engrossed bill.
The bill having been read, the question was
on its passage.
Mr. FERRISS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
louisiana election contest.
Mr. STEVENSON presented, from the
Committee of Elections, a report in the con-
tested-election case of Morey vs. McCranie,
from the fifth congressional district of the
State of Louisiana.
The following resolution, accompanying the
report, was read:
lUtolved, That there was no legal election in the
fifth congressional district of tho Stato of Louisiana
for Representative in the Forty-Fret Congress, and
that neither (Jeorge W. McCrame, nor Frank Morey,
nor P. J. Kennedy is entitled to a seat as Represent-
ative in the Forty-First Congress from the filth con-
gressional district of the State of Louisiana.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEVENSON. I give notice that I
intend to call up this case to-morrow after the
morning hour.
claims of loyal citizexs.
Mr. BUCK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 270) to
extend the provisions of the act of July 4,1864,
limiting the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
to the loyal citizens of the States lately in
rebellion ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
protection of political bights.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1887) to protect the
political rights of persons in places purchased
within the States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
probate courts in idaho.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous consent
to report a bill of local interest which has been
unanimously agreed upon by the Committee
on the Judiciary, and upon which I propose to
call the previous question. It simply provides
for probate courts with a jurisdiction to the
extent of $500 for the Territory of Idaho, corre-
sponding precisely with a bill which has been
passed with reference to the Territory of Mon-
tana. In some counties of Idaho the people
are from two to four hundred miles from a
United States court; and it is impossible to
obtain the administration of justice in small
cases. I am directed to report an amendment
providing that the bill shall not affect any suit
now pending in the district courts of the Ter-
ritory.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is the bill a copy of the
Montana bill?
Mr. KELLOGG. It is precisely similar. It
is a measure important for the convenience of
the people of Idaho. I have been trying for
two months to report it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Iliope there will be no
objection.
There being no objection,
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with an amendment,
a bill (H. R. No. 228) to enlarge the jurisdiction
of the probate courts in Idaho Territory.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that the probate courts of the Ter-
ritory of Idaho, iti their respective counties, in
addition to their present jurisdiction, shall be
authorized to hear and determine all civil causes
wherein the damage or debt claimed does not
exceed the sum of $500, exclusive of interest,
and such criminal cases arising under the laws
of the Territory as do not require the inter-
vention of a grand jury. These probate courts
are not to have jurisdiction in any matter where
the title, boundary, or right to the peaceable
possession of land may be in dispute, or in
chancery or divorce causes. It is further pro-
vided that in all cases an appeal may be taken
from any order, judgment, or decree of the
probate courts to the district court. The second
section repeals all acts or parts of acts incon-
sistent with the provisions in this bill.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows:
Add to aeoHon two the following: •
Provided, That this act shall not affcct any suit
pending in the district courts of said Territory at the
tirno of its passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
[ the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill siqnud.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of
the following title ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 779) to redefine a por-
tion of the boundary line between the State
of Nebraska and the Territory of Dakota.
■washington aqueduct.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia testimony taken by the committee in rela-
tion to the construction of the Washington
aqueduct; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
land district in colorado.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Let me appeal to the
gentleman who has called for the regular order
of business to yield for a moment to the gen-
tleman from Iowa.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 177, to create an additional land
district in the Territory of Colorado.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Perhaps this is right,
but I wish the aid of the gentleman to go to
the Speaker's table, and I must object.
Mr. VAN WYCK. This bill has been unan-
imously approved by the committee of the
House. The gentleman knows that Delegates
h&ve little opportunity to get their business
before the House, and as the Delegate from
Colorado is desirous to have this bill taken up
and passed I hope the gentleman will not
object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will help the gentleman
to go to the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. STILES. I call for the regular order
of business.
department of justice.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called, the morning hour has now begun, and
the pending question is House bill No. 1328,
to establish a department of justice, reported
yesterday from the Committee on Retrench-
ment by the gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Jenckes.]
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, I-wish to
explain to the House as briefly as may be the
scope and purpose of this bill. It does not
propose to create a new department in this
Government, but simply to transfer to an exist-
