1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
side by side with "women's corsets" and
"ready-made clothing." [Great laughter.]
Oh, that I could bind up the gashed bosoms
of the Senators from Nevada! I can only con-
sole them in the words of Denmark's wayward
prince, these are "but the trappings and the
suits of woe." [Laughter.]
In the schedules of 1850 and 1860 the pre-
cious metals stand by the side of the king of
metals, iron, in a table which speaks of the
products of human labor and the products of
human skill. There I leave them, under the
great guardianship of the honorable Senator
trom Massachusetts.
Next, said that honorable Senator, trades do
not appear in the census; the products of arti-
sans do not appear. That i3 a sheer error, as
I will not stop to show. They do appear, and
it would be false to make up the schedules
under the act of 1850 so that they must not
appear.
Then the Senator reminded us that there
was no commercial schedule. _No, sir, there
is not There is no schedule either in which
railroads or telegraphs or insurances appear.
Such a schedule was omitted in 1850 for rea-
sons which should secure its omission now.
What are some of them ? First, such a sched-
ule as is proposed by the House must include
the apple and nut woman, the bone and rag
picker, as well as A. T. Stewart & Co. In the
next place, to render of any value returns of
internal commerce, the inquiry must follow
every article through the endless succession of
bands, and through all the mutations and accre-
tions which precede ultimate consumption.
This involves a refinement and analysis of in-
vestigation incompatible with the process and
uses of a census. In addition to this we have
instrumentalities independent of the census for
collecting purely commercial statistics with
more ease and success than could be hoped for
in association with the enumeration of inhab-
itants and the collation of productions.
Mr. President, let me say, as I will not stop
. at this hour to amplify, that including even the
products of mines in the census is an error in
the opinion of the chairman of the committee
which reported the House bill. I am guiity of
no impropriety in saying that the acting chair-
man of that committee suggested to me that
the House bill ought to be amended so as to
take the product of mines out of the schedule
altogether, leaving the returns to be gathered
by the commissioner of mines, (we have such
au offie^r.) So, I submit, of customs duties;
so of insurances; so of telegraphs; and so of
a variety of other things, and among them the
topics which fitly enter a commercial schedule.
Mr. President, I have run into comments I
did not intend when 1 rose. My intention at
the moment was briefer and it had a more
decisive aim. 1 intended, and I intend before
sitting down, to submit a motion which will
bring the Senate at once to a determination of
the general question; but before doing so 1 beg
to make a remark in reference to the amend
meat proposed by the Senator from Vermont.
"To include the subject of petroleum" is
the Senator's first suggestion. I have said,
and if there be room for mistake I wish Sen-
ators would take the trouble to examine it,
that if petroleum is a product of industry it is
as clearly included as is iron ore in the sched-
ules as they stand. 1 have before me the
eensus volume containingthe tabulated details
of petroleum and all of them. It cannot be
necessary for the Senate to go through the con-
sideration of this subject to have a disagree-
ment with the House after a consideration
there, and a conference committee for the pur-
pose of putting petroleum into the law, if,
in truth, petroleum is certainly provided for
already.
"Sorghum molasses." I have the volume
before me to show that molasses and maple
mulasses, dividing cane molasses from maple
mo!as?es, is reported and tabulated. At that
time sorghum molasses as a product was in its
infancy; but the schedules providing not only
for molasses, but for subdividing it into its
different species, I submit not only to the
intelligence but the candor of the honorable
Senator from Vermont, there is a condition
of things which cannot be improved in behalf
of sorghum molasses.
" Fruits." Fruits are provided for already.
Orchard productions are provided for; garden
fruits are provided for; the products of vine-
yards are provided for. Will any Senator tell
i me of any other "fruit," unless we go into
,| the nice cavils of the tariff, upon which the
! point has been raised that hazel-nuts might
\ be treated as a fruit .because they had been
: dried, and "dried fruits" were spoken of in !
I the act? All fruits are embraced with sub-
ij divisions in the law as it stands.
i "Wine." Here is wine tabulated. I thought
j first it was not; that the product had been so
• small that it was contained merely in the his- j
toric portion of the census ; but it is carried j
into the tables—all the wine made in all the \
States. Is it worth while to legislate to re- j
peat it? _ . . I
" Libraries, public and private." Libraries j
are provided for already in the schedule, j
There is no doubt of this, I take it. But I !
understand the suggestion to be that directions |
! shall be given to distinguish between public ,
:• and private libraries. Am I right in that? i
li. Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say j
! a word or two after the Senator gets through. !
j! Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen- j
;< ator proceed now? I wish he would proceed,
'! because I propose to move to lay the bill on
4 the table before yielding the floor. i
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In the in- >
i; formation that we have in the report of the ;
j! census, we have no report of any private
i library. There are great numbers of them j
j throughout the country, and some of them are (
• of much larger extent than some of the public i
" libraries reported. I desire to have the pri- i
vate libraries enumerated.
While 1 am up, if the Senator will allow me,
I will say that petroleum and sorghum were
unknown productions when the law of 1850
was passed. The schedules that were pre-
,! pared in 1850 do not enumerate them,
j; Mr. CONKLING. I am sure my friend will
j! pardon me for interrupting him, as we want
!! to understand each other. Does he mean that
j! the schedule which provides that "products of
fi industry " shall be enumerated does not include
|: petroleum? It includes nothing by name.
|j Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I mean that
j the heading merely of a schedule does not
,! intimate that it can be changed to suit the con-
II venience or the will of whoever may admin-
h ister the law.
|i Mr. CONKLING. Then will the Senator
1 tell me one thing that this schedule does con-
tain, because nothing is named in it?_ It is
" products of industry." What does it con-
tain, if it does not contain petroleum?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It does not
contain anything except manufactures. That
it gives in detail, as I will show the Senator if
he desires to have me do bo.
Mr. CONKLING. I have itbefore me here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. So have I,
and it relates to raw material that is used in
manufacture, and does not relate to any other
raw material whatever. But, sir, I cannot ,
understand, unless the purpose of the Senator |
from New York be as now intimated, why he 1
should object even if some of these articles are j
included, if he is willing to improve the present
census at all, to the proposition which is con- j
tained in this amendment, for it is of an infini- j
tesimal character, not so great as I think is j
necessary ; and yet the modification which I
have made I think will accomplish the purpose.
I am some what surprised that the Senator should
be so strenuous in opposition to any amend- !
ment of the amendment which his committee
has proposed. I trust if the Senator does make !
the motion which he indicates, as there will be 1
no opportunity to reply, that that motion will
be voted down.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, before we
separated for the holidays the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont said he trusted the commit-
tee would be ready to report when Congress
! reassembled. Carrying to my home all the
materials that I could gather here, and finding
: others there, I devoted, I may say with safety,
! nearly the whole vacation to the investigation
:l of this subject. Returning. I thought I under-
; stood it as well as it was likely 1 should do.
i Other members of the committee had carefully
,! studied it also. For reasons known to the
1 members of the committee, which do not cou-
!: sist in want of attention by the members of the
! committee who coucur in the report., the matter
! was allowed to stand for nearly three weeks
I before the report was made ; and since the
report was made it has been to members of the
committee a fruitful source of annoyance, they
being the objective point at which are aimed
the efforts of those who have connected with
the subject any purpose, public or private, spe-
cial or general, to subserve. The honorable
Senator from Vermont, will not wonder that
the committee is anxious to reach a practical
result—the practical result which is to be
reached as soon as may be.
If nothing else was delayed, if it were noth-
ing but sport to consider the bill here, to send it
to the House and have a disagreement there,
and then have a conference committee, opening
the entire subject from forest trees to peanuts,
I should see no objection, except usele^sness,
totheamendinentoU'ered by the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont. But my criticism is this :
he must offer some substantial contribution to
the science of the subject in order to justify the
Senate, or induce the committee to consent to
a disagreement between the two Houses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the honor-
able Senator will allow me, if his amendment
should be adopted, which was proposed on a
vote of his own committee, would not the bill
then go back to the House ?
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the honorable
Senator's pardon. I am going to allude to
that as I did at the outset of the debate. The
committee do not expect, nor do they wish, a
vote upon the amendment for the reason which
1 have before explained, that it was proposed
only for formal particularity, we having now
j the directory statute plus the constitutional
i amendment; and what change in the schedules
i is needed ? None but to drop the slave sched-
j ule; and nobody can suppose that a Secretary
i of the Interior outside of the lunatic asylum
! would print and send out a slave schedule
i now. Therefore, in accordance with the views
j of the committee, 1 am going to move before
! 1 take my seat to lay the whole subject upon
; the table.
,: Returning to the point of a moment ago, I
j say that petroleum appears already in that
; schedule which is entitled " products of indus-
try," and which contains nothing unless it con-
tains petroleum. The schedule names nothing
except by general description as "productsof
industry." The schedule wa3 thus generalized
on purpose, so that it should be flexible and
elastic, adapting itself to all localities. Noth-
ing whatever is nominated in it, but it is enti-
tled "productsof industry," and the directions
j|oing with it are to collect those products of
industry, whatever they may be, to be found in
the locality to which the schedule is sent. No
lawyer and no Senator so astute and candid as
the honorable Senator from Vermont can tor
a moment insist that if this schedule means
anything it does not mean petroleum among
other thiugs.
What next? "Libraries, public and pri-
vate." Here is schedule No. 3, "public libra
< ries.
nere is bcucuuie ni'. ^
, Therefore, as the Senator has explainei
the whole purpose is to direct private librari
1 to be returned a3 distinguished Jiom Pu *
libraries. Has he any doubt that the Secie y
of the Interior will so instruct, and must iu
