2090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
tribution and promotion of the administrative
functions of the government of the State. They
have no exclusive privileges; they have no rights
and franchises for which they may properly be
called to pay. There are no reasons resting
upon the people of that county why they should
keep the peace of their county against lawless
violence and marauders, merely because they
happen to be a county organization. The
county organization that is granted them under
State laws, that is made for them by the State
laws and constitution, does not provide a suffi-
cient force to enforce the laws there; and if it
did there is no principle on which they should
be held to withstand the military or insurrec-
tionary force that may arise within their midst
or within their borders. There might be some
kind of justification for requiring this of a city
that has great franchises yielded to it by the
State in its capacity as a city corporation, which
has exclusive jurisdiction on account of its
being a city corporation, which has means and
appliances and a police system for enforcing
law and order within its jurisdiction. A city
that has all these things granted by the law of
the State for its benefit might with more reason
be held responsible for tho damages resulting
from acts of ouh'age or of violence within the
city. But that should he only in ordinary eases,
not in such cases as are intended to be covered
by the amendments offered to the Senate.
So far as counties are concerned, even that
poor apology of a reason cannot bo offered in
extenuation. If a State government calls upon
the Government of the United States for troops
to put down insurrection in that State, why not
require that the State shall pay the expenses
of the movement of the troops, of their being
located and stationed, for whatever term of
time they may be needed within that State ?
There would be more propriety for that pro-
ceeding than for the other. There would be
apparently some proper degree of compensa-
tion on each side in that case. The State is
unable to maintain its authority and its laws,
and it asks the United States to furnish troops
to put down insurrection within its borders;
and then it might be well enough, if you go
upon that kind of a principle, to require that
that State shall pay the expenses of those
troops that arc called in and marched in by
the Government of the United States. But
that is not this case. Nor do I think it would
be a very dignified proceeding on the part of
the Government of the United States to higgle
over a matter of that kind with the State gov-
ernments. Much less do I think it to be dig-
nified, or proper, or just, or Christian, or civil-
ized for the Government of the United States,
when sending troops to suppress an insurrec-
tion into any State, to march thein into any
district of that State and there, by an assess-
ment, send forth its officers through that par-
ticular district and require of this man and that
man and the other man sums of money suffi-
cient to pay the expenses of the transportation
of those troops.
It is not consistent with justice; it is not
consistent with the principles of a free Gov-
ernment ; it is not consistent with the princi-
ples of Christianity. I say again there is no
justification for such a proceeding, nor would
such a proceeding ever have been thought of
in this country if it had not been in connec-
tion with the outrages committed in various
States of this Union in the South. But, sir,
we shall better maintain the dignity of our
Government, wo shall better discharge our
duty as ministers of justice to the people of
the United States, if we find out the guilty vio-
lators of the laws and punish them with what-
ever severity the law may allow ; and if your
law be not severe enough now make additional
laws of still greater severity, and after they are
made enforce them.
That is my view in regard to the duty of this
Government and in regard to the dignity of this
Government. It wili not do to say that you
cannot find out who are the guilty parties. If
you cannot find out who are the guilty parties
is that a reason why you should punish the
innocent? It is a shameful reason under any
state of circumstances, and it is one which I
trust the Congress of the United States will
never in any manner whatever countenance by
passing such a law as is contemplated in this
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. Before the vote is taken
on the proposition of the Senator from Missouri
I beg to inquire whether an amendment to that
amendment is in order at this time?
The PRESIDING OFFICE Li, (Mr. Mok-
kill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri is open to
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I propose to amend
it by striking out all after the word "of," in
line twenty-two, down to and including the
word "violence," in line thirty-three, and to
substitute for the words thus stricken out:
That any city, county, or municipal organization
within which it shall appear by the application
aforesaid that the local authorities do not suppress
organized domestic violence within its territorial
limits, the said municipality is hereby declared re-
sponsible in its corporate capacity for all injuries or
damages to persons or property unlawfully done or
committed by any person or combination of persons
or organization; and any person or corporation so
injured rnaysue forand recover suchdamagesin any
United States court ot competent jurisdiction; and
such municipality may sue tor in any court of com-
petent jurisdiction and rccovcr from the person or
persons committing such injury an amount double
the amount so recovered against it, including ail the
costs and expenses paid by it.
It will be observed that in the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Missouri au-
thority is given to the commander of the
troops to proceed and levy by a seizure of the
property of the inhabitants of the municipality
such a sum of money as will pay tho expense
of the troops sent for the purpose of putting
down the insurrection or suppiessing the vio-
lence. This authority, it seems to me, is
rather anomalous, especially in a time of
peace. I am willing to go as far as any other
Senator in the enactment of a law that shall
have the effect to suppress violence in the in-
surrectionary States, but it seems to me such
an authority, so broad,-so sweeping, so unusual,
bestowed upon the military commander, em-
powering him to seize the property of all per-
sons, innocent or guilty, and apply the pro-
ceeds to pay the expense of the campaign, is
going a little too far. I do not, however, see
any objection to holding the municipality it-
self responsible for any injury that may be
occasioned by illegal violence within its limits.
It is the duty of any such municipality to pre-
serve tho peace, to preserve order. It is a prin-
ciple as old as the common law, a very useful and
a very valuable principle, and I see 110 impro-
priety whatever in applying it to such a case as
this, simply making the municipality—the city,
county, parish, or precinct, or whatever it may
be called—liable for any damage that may be
done by illegal violence, or by the combinations
of men to suppress whom the military is em-
ployed. I will go as far as that, and I think
that is but reasonable and fair ; but I cannot
go beyond that.
Mr. DRAKE. Allow me to ask the hon-
orable Senator with regard to his proposed
amendment, whether it covers the case of pay-
ment for damages to the family of a man who
has been murdered by bands of men in the
night time under a mask ; whether it compen-
sates the widow and orphan for the destruction
of the husband and father ?
Mr. HOWARD. I believe it does not; and
I believe that the amendment which I propose
to strike out does not cover any such ease as
that which the Senator now describes. I think
no provision is made in the whole of his
amendment for a remedy for that case where
a murder has been committed; and I do not
know at this time whether it would be proper
to go so far as that; but I am willing to make
the municipality liable for any damage which
maybe committed by these organizations of
Kuklux and other disorderly persons in resist-
ing the law, on the plain principle that it is the
duty of the municipal authorities to enforce
the laws, to preserve peace, to disperse mobs,
to punish the guilty persons; and if they do not
perform this plain duty, as they are required
to do,I see no harm in holding the whole com-
munity responsible for any injury that may be
done by such illegal combinations of men.
Mr. HOWELL. Will the honorable Sen-
ator, as he is a lawyer as well as a Senator,
allow me to ask if there would not be a greater
propriety in bringing this amendment or this
provision of law up oil its own merits as an
independent bill, and not stick it in here as an
amendment to the Georgia bill?
Mr. HOWARD. That is a matter of taste
and convenience; it is not a matter of prin-
ciple at all. We now have before us the Geor-
gia bill, and we all know very well 
Mr. llOWELL. My objection i3 that we
attempt, in view of the condition of things in
Georgia, to legislate for the whole United
States upon the basis of our political excite-
ment in regard to Georgia. 1 think it is an
improper proceeding.
Mr. HOWARD. As I said before, it is net
a question of principle as to the form in which
this provision shall be made. It may as well
be annexed to the bill admitting Georgia into
the Union as to be passed in a separate and
independent form. Perhaps it would be a
little more symmetrical, a little more artistic
piece of legislation, to enact it in a separate
form ; but still, as the whole subject is before
us, I see 110 objection to putting it into the bill
now pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan to the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I am opposed
to this amendment as offered by the Senator
from Missouri, and should be even if it weic
presented to us in the form of a bill, and cvi.u
if in its present form it had come to us from .
committee. What would be my opinion regard
ing it as amended by the Senator from Micln
gan I do not know at the present moment, uu:
having been able to examine the amendmeu;
as it would be when thus changed ; but I do
think that the suggestions which are made by the
Senator from Iowa ought to control the action of
the Senate in regard to this whole amendment.
We cannot doubt that there are in different
portions of the southern States communities
where the law is not enforced on account of the
inability of the local authorities to enforce it.
We cannot doubt that there are localities iu
many of those States where life and property
are insecure, owing either to the incapacity or
the unwillingness of the local authorities to
enforce the law. Now the very first duty of
the supreme Government of any country, and
of our Government, is to secure persons and
property; but it appears from the facts to which
I have alluded, that it is necessary that there
should be some legislation by means of which
the strong arm of Federal power may be in-
voked, even within the limits of the States, for
the purpose of securing persons and properly.
But, sir, a law framed to accomplish that result
should be carefully prepared, and most care-
fully considered in committee. The suggestions
which are made by the Senator from Missouri
seem to mo to be destructive of all free gov-
ernment. I do not know but that the sugges-
tions which are made by the Senator from
Michigan go too far, even if they were presented
in the form of a separate bill; but we have got
to legislate during the course of this session
upon the actual condition of things as it now
exists in these disorderly communities. Wo
ought to have a well-arranged law which shall
be in conformity with the principles of repub-
lican government and with the Constitution ot
the United States, and which shall yet apply a
remedy to the evils now existing. We cannot
doit in this way. I submit to the Senator from
