1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3979
law most manifestly was—and, indeed, I know,
for I had something to do with the making of
it—that the ten per cent, should be deducted
only on the excess over $500. Parties claimed,
however, where they bought more than five
hundred dollars' worth of stamps they should
have the allowance of ten per cent, not only
on the excess over $500 but on the whole
amount. That would work in this way: if a
man were able only to buy $500 worth of
stamps he gets the benefit under the law of
five per cent., or a deduction of twenty-five
dollars ; but if he were able to run above that,
say $510, he would get fifty-one dollars deduc-
tion ; so that the man able to buy more than
five hundred dollars would always have the
advantage over the poorer man, who could not
invest to the extent of over $500. We propose
to allow to the rich and poor all alike five per
cent, discount on $500 or less, and when they
get above $500 to allow to the man who is able
to buy more than live hundred dollars' worth
of stamps an additional discount of ten per
cent., so as to promote the sale of stamps, but
to allow it only on the excess over $500.
Gentlemen have been under the impression
the construction they contend for favors the
men who can buy small amounts of stamps ;
but it is just the reverse. The man who buys
$490 worth, for instance, or who buys less than
$500 worth, gets a discount of five per cent;
but if he is able to go above $500, to the
amount of one, ten,-or a thousand dollars,
they would not only give him a discount of ten
• per cent, on the excess above $500, but they
would go back and give a deduction of ten per
cent, on the $500 worth ; and to that extent
they would favor the man who can buy more
than his neighbor.
The amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means proposes to make the law clear.
They hold it is clear now. It is what we
intended originally. They think it is rightly
interpreted by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; bat to remove all doubt they pro-
pose this amendment.
Mr. MYERS. Before the gentleman takes
his seat I should like to have him point me to
where in this bill the law is reeuacted allow-
ing a discount of five per cent, on purchases
of stamps between fifty and five hundred dol-
lars' worth. I do not find it. If it is not here
I have an amendment which will cover it.
Mr. SCHENCK. The present law is on
amounts purchased at one time, of nolless than
fifty dollars and not more than five hundred
dollars, five per cent.; and on amounts over
$500, ten per cent. The Commissioner says
that "on' amounts over $500" means on the
excess over $500.
Mr. MYERS. Will the gentleman answer
one question. Is there anything in this bill
reeiiacting the discount of five per cent, on
amounts between fifty and five hundred dollars ?
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will turn to lines nine and ten
he will find there is '' allowed to the person so
purchasing a discount of five per cent." on all
sums under fifty dollars as well as over it; we
propose to allow a discount of ten per cent,
on the excess over $500. Here we even allow
the deduction of five per cent, on sums under
fifty dollars.
Mr. RANDALL. I am at a loss to under-
stand why there should be a distinction of this
Kind between these purchasers. I do not see
why a purchaser of stamps to an amount less
than $500 should not be allowed this discount
as well as the man who is able to buy more
than $500 worth.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. MYERS. I desire to say but afew words
upon this subject. A party purchases stamps
to the amount of more than $500, and he is
allowed ten per cent, on only the excess over
$500. If he does not buy more than $500 worth
he does not get the ten per cent, discount. That
was not the ruling of the department of inter-
nal reveuue until March of this year. Always
hitherto it has been decided in the contrary
way. The reason for that was very obvious, I
think. Formerly, and I understand it is to be
repeated, and I am glad of it, five per cent, was
allowed where the amount of the purchase was
between fifty dollars and $500. No man pre-
tended that if a man purchased stamps to the
amount of fifty-one dollars lie was not to get
the five per cent, on the fifty-one dollars. The
incentive to purchase at least fifty-one dol-
lar's worth was held out of five per cent, on the
fifty-one dollars, and not merely on the one
dollar in excess of fifty dollars. So if a person
should purchase $501 worth he would get ten
per cent, on the whole sum, and not merely
ten per cent, on the excess over $500, and
five per cent, on the difference between fifty
dollars and $500. Suppose a party is not able
to buy more than $500 worth at a time, but may
purchase that amount three or four times a
month, and yet he gets only five per cent.,
whereas if he could afford to purchase the
aggregate amount at one time he would be
enabled to receive the ten per cent, allowed on
amounts exceeding $500.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. MYERS. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will see
that this applies only to the proprietors of cer-
tain articles, who are to have a die gotten up
for their own special benefit. Nowif they donot
use more than $500 worth of stamps they ought
to have no reduction, because the expense and
trouble of the Government is not covered.
Mr. MYERS. It applies to the manufac-
turer of matches and such small articles, who
cannot afford to pay for a large amount of
stamps at one time. And if they are to be
allowed the ten per cent, on the amounts in
excess of $500 it will operate against them,
and opposite the ruling of the department
until a late period.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose the gentleman
has some match factories in his district.
Mr. MYERS. There is one in my district,
certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the pending
amendment be read.
The amendment was again read, and was to
strike out the words "shall be allowed a dis-
count of ten per cent, on any amount exceed-
ing $500 purchased at one time" and inserting
in lieu thereof the words "or who shall pur-
chase at any one time an amount exceeding
$500 shall be allowed ten per cent, on such
excess over $500.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would suggest that the
words "a discount off" should be inserted
after the words "shall be allowed."
Mr. SCHENCK. That is right.
The amendment moved by Mr. Bingham was
agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "$500" and in-
serting "$100." The purchaser of $1,000
worth of stamps gets five per cent, off for the
first $500, and ten per cent, off for the second
$500, according to the proposed amendment.
A purchaser of $10,000 worth will get five per
cent, on $500 and ten per cent, on $9,500.
Therefore, at the end of the year the poorer
purchaser, who buys $500 or $1,000 worth of
stamps from time to time is at a great deal of
disadvantage as compared with the man who
can purchase all his stamps for three or six
months' use at the same time, by the $10,000
worth instead of $500 worth. Now, if any dis-
tinction is made I think it should be the reverse
of this, in favor of the small and poor purchaser
rather than the wealthy purchaser.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman withdraw
his amendment, and I will renew it?
Mr. RANDALL. I will do so.
Mr. LYNCH. I renew it. Mr. Speaker, the
law, as it is now reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, is, as I understand it, pre-
cisely the present law, only there lias been a
difference of construction. The present law is
that in purchasing stamps to the amount of over
fifty dollars and less than $500 the purchaser
has a discount of five per cent.., and if.he pur-
chases in sums exceeding $500 then he has a
discount of ten per cent. Now, for five years
the construction was that where a purchaser
bought $1,000 worth of stamps at one time he
had ten percent, discount on the whole $1,000.
But the present Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue has so construed the law that purchasers
now get a discount of ten per cent, only on the
excess over $500, and of five per cent, for
the $500. _
I will point out what is the effect of this. The
manufacturer who can only buy $1,000 worth
at a time gets a discount of five per cent, on
$500, and ten per cent, on $500 more; and if
he goes on purchasing until he has reached
$10,000, in amounts of $1,000 at a time, he
receives altogether $750 discount. But the
manufacturer who has sufficient capital to ena-
ble him to buy the full $10,000 worth at a time
gets a discount of $975. There is thus a dis-
crimination in favor of the men with the larger
capital of $225 on every $10,000 worth of
stamps purchased. The result is to give a
monopoly to the larger manufacturers, and to
<crush out all the smaller manufacturers who
are not able to buy stamps to the amount of
$5,000 or $10,000 worth at a time; thus mak-
ing a discrimination where it ought not to exist,
and if the House understands the proposition
I think it will vote it down.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say a word or
two upon this subject. We have several pro-
visions with reference to this matter. One is
that these manufacturers may give a bond and
receive stamps from the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue without the payment of any
money at all. Then provision is made foradis-
countoffivepcrcent. on all purchases of stamps
to the amount of fifty dollars and upward.
Then provision is made for a further discount
of five per cent, where purchases are made in
sums of $500 at one time on the excess over
$500.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman from
Iowa yield for a suggestion'/
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly.
Mr. WELKER. I should like the gentleman
to explain whether the five per cent, discount on
purchases of fifty dollais and upward does not
apply to a diffeient class of stamps entirely
from these proprietary stamps in regard to
which a discount is allowed often per cent, on
the excess over $500? I venture to say that
the purchasers of these proprietary stamps
buying less then $500 worth at a time get no
deduction at all.
Mr. ALLISON. A good deal has been said
about the small manufacturers who will be
affected by this clause. 1 beg to say that this
is asked for, not by the small manufacturers,
but by the four, five, or six manufacturers who
almost entirely control the manufacture of fric-
tion matches. They are the men who want to
step in and get this discount of ten per cent, on
the full amount of all the stamps that they
purchase. I do not think that this demand
comes from the small manufacturers at all.
Mr. RANDALL. There are only twenty of
them in the whole country.
Mr. ALLISON. These few men manufac-
ture nearly the entire amount of matches that
are used in the country, and 1 do not think thai
they should have this full discount of ten per
cent.
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. Imovetoamcndthesecfion
by adding in line nineteen the words "which
discount shall bo upon the whole amount."
1 offer this amendment for the purpose of
making clear the law, which I understand the
present Commissioner of Internal Revenue has
construed differently from all his predecessors
who have administered this internal tax law.
I desire, like the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
LynX'Ii] and the gentleman Iron) .Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Randall,] to say that I am not speaking
