1870..]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Funding Bill—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
nounced; but I have to say, secondly, that in
my judgment—audi wish to say it with becom-
ing deference—those notes are not a violation
of the Constitution of this country.
I shall not detain the Senate with an argu-
ment of that question. I know very well that
the greenbacks have no longer any friends. I
do not love them myself; you see I do not. I
am as ambitious as any man to get rid of them.
T hold their continued circulation to be a serious
mistake. But, sir, although they have outlived
their time, although they have outlived their
usefulness, although they have run their course,
yet the course they ran was a grand one, the
mission they fulfilled was a great one. As
much as any other human means short of your
soldiery in the field, those legal-tender notes
are, in my judgment, entitled to the credit of
securing the victory which has rested upon
your flag after this great struggle; and I will
not keep quite silent when I hear them branded
with illegitimacy. I believe that not only the
Constitution authorized the issue of that paper
and the making of it a legal tender for all
indebtedness, but that the highest expediency
and, whatever the Supreme Court may say to
the contrary, the highest justice demanded
that they should be declared a legal tender for
all indebtedness. And I cannot forbear in
this connection to return my thanks to the
honorable Senator from Ohio for the words he
uttered the other day in defense of the consti-
tutionality of these legal-tender notes. But
upon that point I must be allowed to say that
I go a day's journey beyond the Senator from
Ohio in vindicating their constitutionality. I
do not concede that their constitutionality is
to be upheld only as a war measure, only upon
the ground that they are a means to the end
of prosecuting a war in which the country is
engaged.
Mr. President, let me say two or three words
in exposition of my own view on this point.
If the question of the constitutionality of that
law is to be determined by the weight of au-
thority, let me call your attention to this fact:
that its constitutionality was not only affirmed
by a majority of both Houses of that Congress
which passed the law, but it has been affirmed
by the acquiescence of almost the entire coun-
try in that enactment from its date down to
this time, the judgment of the Supreme Court
of the United States recently pronounced to
the contrary notwithstanding ; and it has been
affirmed also by the supreme courts of the
States of New Hampshire, New York, Penn-
sylvania, Iowa, Wisconsin, Michigan, Cali-
fornia, and Nevada. The supreme courts of
the States of Massachusetts and Vermonthave
had that same question in consideration before
them, and although they did not debate it as
an open question, they passed upon it as a
question concluded, settled by authority, and
so they, too, affirmed the constitutionality of
the law. I understand the supreme court of
the State of Indiana did question the consti-
tutionality of the law at one time, but that sub-
sequently the court by the unanimous opinion
of the judges affirmed its constitutionality.
The supreme court of one State, and, so far as
I know, of but one State, the State of Ken-
tucky, has denied its constitutionality, and
that denial has been recently affirmed by a bare
majoritj' of the judges of the Supreme Court
of the United States.
I say, therefore, if this question is to be set-
tled by the weight of authority that weight is
decidedly in favor of the constitutionality of
the law, and not against it. So far as the
case of Hepburn vs. Griswold is concerned, I
am very much afraid for the sake of the Hep-
burns that the law is settled against the con-
stitutionality of the act of Congress, and they
will have to pay Mr. Griswold's note in specie
of the United States, or they will have to pay
it in greenbacks at a specie valuation.
Bat passing by the question of authority and
looking at this matter in the light of the text
of the Constitution and the history we have of
it, let me remind the Senate that the men who
made our Constitution represented thirteen
States, every one of which could make paper,
or tobacco, I think, a legal tender. I have not
examined all their constitutions, and I do not
know but that there might have been some inhi-
bitions in some of them ; but my recollection is
that every one of the States represented by del-
egates in the Constitutional Convention could
have made paper, or shingles, or tobacco, or
mules a legal tender for debt. They had that
supreme authority. Nay, I think this will be
found to be the fact: that not one of the del-
egates in that Convention had ever heard of a
Government anywhere which had not the su-
preme discretionary power to make that a legal
tender for debt which it chose to make. Such
were the men who made your Constitution.
Now, whatsortofa Constitution did they make?
I say every nne of the States represented by
them had the power to emit bills of credit, to
make paper money, and to make it a legal
tender for debts. One thing they did unmis-
takably, and that was to deprive every one of the
States of thatpower. Whatthen? Thatpower
no longer exists in the State governments ; it is
not a reserved power. Is it then a power de-
stroyed and abrogated? Is here a Government
no branch or part of which has this authority
which may be exerted confessedly by every
other Government on the face of the earth?
Before we come to that conclusion we should
be driven to it by the force of very precise and
strong terms in the text of the Constitution.
But what doyoufindinthe text of the Constitu-
tion ? The express declaration that Congress
may stamp money.
Mr. SUMNER. "Coin money."
Mr. HOWE. " Coin money," says the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts. I guess
he has used the word which is actually in the
text of the Constitution ; but have I not used
the synonym of it? "No," says my honor-
able friend from Delaware, [Mr. Bastard.] I
say the authority to stamp money; the Senator
from Massachusetts says to " coin " money.
Mr. DRAKE. The synonym is "to make
money."
Mr. HOWE. To make money?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; that is one of the
synonyms, and to stamp is another. Worces-
ter's Dictionary is not unconstitutional I take
it. Worcester's Dictionary was published be-
fore the recent decision of the Supreme Court
was announced. Worcester's Dictionary under-
takes to define the word "coin." It gives the
derivation of it; the Latin word, the Italian
word, the Spanish word, the French word; and
Worcester says it means "a stamp or die,"
and the meaning of the word "to coin," Wor-
cester says, is "to convert into money," not a
piece of metal, but "as a piece of metal." "To
convert into money as a piece of metal by a
legal stamp," that is the first definition ; "to
fashion" is the second meaning, " or form by
stamping;" and then "to invent, to fabri-
cate," &c.
So, Mr. President, I hold that I was not mis-
taken when I affirmed that the makers of the
Constitution put into it a provision authorizing
the Congress of the United States to stamp
money. If they did not use that word they used
a word which is precisely its equivalent.
Mr. DRAKE. Did not the honorable Sen-
ator find that "to make" was one of the
synonyms?
Mr. HOWE. Not in Worcester.
Mr. DRAKE. I find it here in Webster.
Mr. HOWE. I was aware of that.
Mr. DRAKE. "To make or to fabricate,
to invent, to originate."
Mr. HOWE. But, Mr. President, I wish,
having called the attention of the Senate to
the text of the Constitution, to call its atten-
tion to the history of this clause of it, for we
have the whole of it. I shall not read it though
it is very brief. Every Senator has seen it.
We have the whole debate which took place
in that Convention upon this clause of the in-
strument. And what does that debate show?
I have already reminded the Senate who they
were that made up the Convention. I have
already reminded the Senate that every one
of the States represented there had this power
to make paper a legal tender, and had exer-
cised it. The history of that debate shows
that the delegates in that Convention were
deeply impressed with the evils of a paper cur-
rency, a paper money, a paper legal tender.
There were, however, to the contrary in that
Convention men who avowed themselves, not-
withstanding and in spite of all their expe-
riences, the friends of paper money. These
two diverse ideas were developed in that brief
debate ; but although there were men in that
Convention who desired to put the ban on paper
money once for all, and who avowed that
desire, yet nothing is clearer in the world,
nothing is clearer in any chapter of history
than the fact that that convention did not dare
to put this ban upon that medium of circula-
tion. When it was proposed to clothe Con-
gress with the power of emitting bills of credit
it was moved to strike out those words, and
those words were stricken out. But why were
they stricken out ? Because, as it was explained
at the time, if you put them in it may be
regarded as an invitation to Congress to exert
the power; and if you strike them out Con-
gress will still have the power under other
clauses of the Constitution to emit bills of
credit just so fur as bills of credit can he made
useful in the administration of the affairs of
the country. For that reason those words were
stricken out, and Congress was then left with,
not the express power of emitting bills of
credit, but with the power of stamping money.
Now, sir, what is the authority for making
anything a tender for debt, any kind of com-
modity? Where shall we look in the Consti-
tution for the power to make an eagle or a sil-
ver dollar a tender for debt? Is it anywhere
except in the clause which authorizes Congress
to coin money and to regulate the value of it?
And that clause I insist gives to Congress the
power to make any kind of money it pleases.
The Senator from Delaware just now quoted
from Mr. Webster. I find that the declaration
of Mr. Webster was relied upon in the opinion
of the court of appeals of Kentucky in the only
judgment I find adverse to the legal-tender act.
I desire to read the words of Mr. Webster :
"Currency, in a large and porhaps just sense, in-
cludes not only gold and silvor and bank bills, b.it
bills of exchange also. It may include all that
adjusts exchanges and settles balances in the opera-
tions of trade and business. But if wo understand
by ourrency tho legal money of the oountry. and that
which constitutes a lawful tender for debts and is
the statuto measure of value, then undoubtedly noth-
ing is included but gold and silver. Most unques-
tionably there is no legal and there can be no legal-
tender in this country under tho authority of this
Government or any other but gold and silver, either
ho coinage of our own mints or foreign coins atratcs
egulated by Congress."
Now, Mr. President, Webster is dead. How
colossal a figure he was in the scenery of his
time, how regal was the authority he asserted
over the world of mind, it seems to me noth-
ing could illustrate more plainly than that such
an opinion as that should have survived him
and should be repeated to-day as if it were
sound and correct doctrine. "Most unques-
tionably," said Mr. Webster, "there is, and
there can be no legal tender in this country,
under the authority of this Government^- any
other, but gold and silver." Mr. Webster
never had seen a debt paid in the world but
what something besides gold and silver was
employed in the payment of it; nor has any
