1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3035
ing Department some things properly belong-
ing to it, bat which are now scattered through
other Departments. It proposes to make one
svmmetrical whole of the law department of
this Government; and in order to understand
its application to the existing state of things I
will review the history and origin of these law
officers.
Under the judiciary act of 1789 it was pro-
vided that a law officer should be appointed in
each district of the United States, to be called
the district attorney, and that a person learned
in the law should be appointed an Attorney
General of the United States; one chief law
officer at the seat of the Government, with
subordinate law officers in each district of the
United States. That continued to be the law
force, if I may use the phrase, of this Gov-
ernment from 1789 down to 1880. In that year
an act was passed to establish the office of soli-
citor of the Treasury. The tradition concern-
ing the passage of that law, as I have heard
it, is that it was passed to create an office
for a particular person, in the expectation of
reconciling the hostility breaking out between
the then President and Vice President of the
United States. The office was created, but the
hoped-for result was not obtained. In many
respects that statute was anomalous. It created
a law officer in one Department of the Govern-
ment for certain purposes, placing him to a cer-
tain extent under the authority of the Attorney
General, but to a greater extent making him
independent. These continued to be the prin-
cipal law officers until the establishment of the
Court of Claims, in 1855, when it became neces-
sary in order to have the Government properly
represented before that court to have a soli-
citor to manage its cases. Subsequently an
assistant solicitor was created: The law busi-
ness of the Government increased, and in 1859
an actwaspassed authorizing the appointment
of an assistant attorney general.
At the commencement of the rebellion, there-
fore, the law officers of the Government were
the Attorney General, the solicitor of the Treas-
ury, the solicitor of the Court of Claims, and
the assistant attorney general. In 1861, there
being a pressure npon the law department, the
Attorney General was authorized to employ
assistants to the district attorneys, and under
this power eminent lawyers were employed in
different parts of the United States to conduct
special cases in each of the districts. At this
time the law business of the Government greatly
outgrew the capacity of the persons authorized
to transact it, and the number of outside coun-
sel, if I may use the phrase, appointed subse-
quent to 1861 was greater than all the commis-
sioned law officers of the Government in every
part of the country. The attention of the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, soon after its organ-
ization in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, was called
to the great expense the Government was put
to by the employment of these extra counsel.
They required reports from the different De-
partments by order of the House, and they
obtained some knowledge of the extent to which
this power was used, if not in some cases abused.
Early in the Fortieth Congress a bill was
prepared to remedy this evil, and referred to
the Committee on Retrenchment; and a sim-
ilar bill with the same design was offered by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,J
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. These bills had the same purpose and
the same scope. They were referred to sub-
committees of these committees, which consol-
idated them into one bill. And if the Judi-
ciaiy Committee had been called for reports
in the last Congress the bill of the gentleman
from Ohio would have been reported. But
neither of those committees was called after
the bill was perfected during the Fortieth Con-
gress. ' This bill was again introduced during
the present Congress, and early referred to the
Committee on Retrenchment, who now report
it. The special reason why they have reported
it earlier than any other relating to the organ-
ization of the Departments is the great expense
the Government have been put to in the con-
duct of the numerous litigations involving titles
to property worth millions of dollars, rights
to personal liberty, and all the numerous lit-
igations which can arise under the law of war.
It has been impossible, with the force created
by law, to .attend to these matters properly in
the various courts of the United States.
To give the House some idea of the magni-
tude of this business I will state the results
obtained from the reports communicated to
the House and to the committee by the officers
of the Treasury. These have been presented
at two different times, one terminating at the
close of the year 1867 and the other embracing
the years 1868 and 1869. From a report made
to the House by the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to a resolution passed Febraary 11,
1868, it appears that there had been allowed or
paid for extra legal services, through the First
Comptroller's Office, from January 2, 1864,
to February 19,1868, the sum of $64,980 86;
that there was paid through the Commissioner
of Customs, between May 4,1860, and January
16, 1867, the sum of $55,400 26; that there
was paid through the same channel for cap-
tured and abandoned property, from Septem-
ber 4, 1865, to December 28, 1867, the sum
of $112,841 15. There were paid under the
authority of the Attorney General the follow-
ing sums: for assistance to the Attorney Gen-
eral in 1866-67, $14,645; for special counsel
to assist the district attorney s between the years
1861 and 1867, $57,739 60; for assistant dis-
trict attorneys between the years 1801 and
1867, $91,928 99; for special counsel, $6,500.
There was paid through the State Department,
between the years 1861 and 1867, $71,148 66.
These various sums make a total of extra law
expenses, principally for three or four years,
of $475,190 42.
Mr. VAN VVYCK. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask a question ?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Is there any provision
in this bill to prevent the recurrence of charges
of the same nature?
Mr. JENCKES. This bill is shaped for that
purpose, to cut off all this outside work. In
the years 1868 and 1869 these sums were pro-
portionally increased instead of being dimin-
ished. In 1868-69 there were paid through
the office of the Commissioner of Customs, out
of the appropriation for the collection of the
revenue, $43,290; for services in 1868 in the
cases relating to captured and abandoned prop-
erty, $19,462, and in the cases relating to the
cotton laws, $11,868 28 ; in 1869, for captured
and abandoned property, $39,447 56; from
April 10, 1868, to February 5, 1869, recovery
of confederate property in foreign countries,
$21,913 01. There were expended during
1868-69 by the War Department, for the ser-
vices of counsel, the sum of $21,409 87; by
the internal revenue department, $58,197 24 ;
for miscellaneous services, Treasury Depart-
ment, $1S,168'65; for the United States dis-
trict attorneys employed by the Treasury in
1868-69, $22,709«50; for additional counsel
in 1868, $2,550. In connection with the
Post Office Department there were expended
$5,002 83.
In these two years, the sum expended for
this extra counsel was $258,018,44, equal to
the sum of $129,000 per annum, in addition
to the salaries of the regular law officers of
the Government. The whole amount thus
expended from 1864 to 1869> principally in
that period, although some small sums were
expended previously, was $733,208 86. This
is the amount, so far as we have been able to
obtain it from the Treasury Department.
There were a large number of outstanding
contracts with counsel for fees at the time of
making these reports, large amounts for fees
in what are called the sugar cases in Louisiana
and the champagne and sherry cases in New
York, and other revenae cases of the same
character. The officers of the Treasury in-
formed the committee that it would be impossi-
ble to state the amount of .their actual liabil-
ities at the present time; but judging from the
returns which we have, we estimate that these
additional outstanding claims are at least
$100,000, and perhaps nearer $200,000.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man to tell us the amount paid by the quarter-
masters's department for looking after aban-
doned property, particularly after the southern
railroads?
Mr. JENCKES. We have no returns of
that expenditure. We have only got the fees
of counsel as they have been paid at the Treas-
ury Department. We have not been able to
get the sums expended in the manner indicated
by the gentleman because no return has come
to the officers of the Treasury in that specific
form which shows what has been paid for
counsel's fees.
One of the objects of this bill is to estab-
lish a staff of law officers sufficiently numerous
and of sufficient ability to transact this law busi-
ness of the Government in all parts of the Uni-
ted States, We have now in the Attorney
General's department the Attorney General
himself and two assistants. We propose to
create in that department a new officer, to be
called the solicitor general of the United
States, part of whose duty it shall be to try
these cases in whatever courts they may arise.
We propose to have a man of sufficient learn-
ing, ability, and experience that he can be sent
to New Orleans or to New York, or into any
court wherever the Government has any inter-
est in litigation, and there present the case of
the United States as it should be presented.
We do not complain that the officers of the
Government have heretofore employed these
leading counsel, nor of the amount of fees
paid to them in some cases. It seemed im-
possible to transact the business of the Gov-
ernment properly without having their assist-
ance ; and if they employed eminent counsel,
taking them out of their regular business, for
the Government service, it was only reason-
able to pay them what seem at firstsight to have
been large fees.
But the evil was in the fact that the necessity
existed forgoing outside of the proper law force
of the Government, that the Government could
not always command the services of men of
sufficient ability and learning to transact its
law business. We believe that the addition of
this officer would be sufficient to keep well in
hand the business of the United States in its
own courts. Of course he cannot perform
all the duties himself. In some cases extra
counsel may be required, but the district attor-
neys with his assistance can generally perform
these duties; and we provide that if the At-
torney General, under the authority given him
by existing law, shall employ assistant coun-
sel in any district he shall designate those
counsel as assistant district attorneys or assist-
ants to the Attorney General, and give them
commissions as such in the special business
with which they are charged, in order that they
may be responsible to him and to the Gov-
ernment for the performance of their duties.
The committee have been convinced most thor-
oughly by our investigations that no person
should be charged with the conduct of litiga-
tion in behalf of the United States unless lie
holds a commission under the United States
and is responsible to the law and the proper
authorities. By this scheme we hope to have
a law department equal to the present emer-
gencies of the law business of the country.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. I see from his argument that he
has investigated this matter most thoroughly,
and I see by the bill that the Judge Advocate
General and the naval solicitor are included.
Now, I would ask the gentleman if in organ-
izing a department of justice to be called the
department of law they include the Judge Advo-
cate General and the naval solicitor, why not
