1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2091
Michigan that we cannot prepare and enact a
suitable law, by way of amendment to the bill
Coy the admission of Georgia, that law being
thus proposed and subject to any amendment
which any other Senator may see lit to ask to
have applied to it, and which necessarily when
completed will be crude and perhaps impracti-
cable in operation. I wish that the Senators
would withdraw their amendments from this
bill; let us act upon this bill, and then let those
of us who do believe that the times demand
such a remedy as the gentlemen desire unite in
framing a law which will accomplish the pur-
poses to which I have alluded.
Mr. YATES. I had some idea of speaking
on this bill. I may or I may not do so before
the debate concludes; but now 1 wish to say a
lew words on this amendment. I wish m the
outset to state that I cannot see or understand
why upon every occasiou of admitting a State,
there is some objection to our providing for the
peace of the State and the security ot' life and
property, and it is said it should be done, in
some other bill. So far as 1 am acquainted
with the history of the country, no State has
ever been admitted into this Union wil iiont con-
ditions ; and now the question is, whether we
shall admit the State of Georgia with or with-
out conditions. My good friend from Iowa
thinks it would be an outrage upon Christian
civilization to introduce in this bill a measure
for the protection of (.he life and properly of
citizens in certain localities. I do not wish to
misstate him, and 1 think I am but repeating
his own words when I say that he thinks H
would be an outrage upon Christianity and civ-
ilization to impose a tax upon the people of a
county or other municipality, for tin; sake of
preserving the peace and protecting the lives
and property of the people of that localily,
Mr. Preside til,, when we are admit ling a SI ale
into this Union shall we take her with insurrec-
tion, with midnight assassination, with murder,
and provide no guarantees whatever for the
security of the lives and the property of the
people? Shall we have no conditions ? Shall
wo admit her knowing that these crimes, shock-
ing in the sight, of God and man, exist in that
territory? Shall we bo told by the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Shkkman] thai if he had time
lie could frame a bill providing for suspending
the operation of the writ of habeas corpus, and
a long listof other measures by which he would
preserve the peace in Georgia? Am ] to be
told by my friend from iowa or the Senator
from Vermont that if we waive this matter here
we shall have another bill? Sir, this is the bill.
This bill involves the question of the admission
of a rebellious State into this Union, a State
that has defied the authority and power of the
Government, a State filled with rebels who
stand at the doors of loyal men with bowie-
knives in their pockels and pistols in their
hands. It is a State where law and order are
not prevalent, but where insurrection, violence,
and murder reign, and women and children
are unprotected and at the mercy of blood-
thirsty rebels who tried to overthrow this Gov-
ernment and are still trying to subvert il. If
not in a bill for the admission of a Stale, where
else in the legislation of these two Houses of
Congress shall we have precautionary conserv-
ative measures like this?
Mr. President, the doctrine of magnanimity
suggests itself to every truediearted man and
patriot; but it is unjust to the men who have
prosecuted the war, unjust to the men who have
died in defense of the country, unjust upon
every principle of humanity, Christianity, and
civilization. Unless we provide in this bill for
the admission of the State, for the peace, hap-
piness, and prosperity of the people and the
protection of their lives and property, where
else shall we make the provision? Are the
poor men down there, both black and white,
who are the friends of the Government, to have
no voice? When wo are called on to admit
Georgia into the Union let mc ask any gen-
tleman what harm this provision will do if
there is no insurrection there, as is contended?
.If these bloody outrages do not occur what
harm will a simple precautionary measure to
secure the peace and prosperity of the country
do? In the State of Illinois I remember that
at one time there was a sort of insurrection in
the southern part of the State; a band of horse
thieves was organized who took the property of
the people here and there. The people rose
and put them down without authority of law.
Of course this was not right legally; it was
not according to law, although it, was morally
right, and it was the only protection the peo-
ple had at the time, because the action to be
effective must be instantaneous, llere the
Senator from Missouri proposes to provide a
legal means instead of Lynch law for putting
down insurrection and violence. I rose simply
to say that I am for the amendment as pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri. The
principle of it has operated well in various
instances in 1 ho West. It appeals to bad men
in the right place: it appeals to their pockets.
Jf that measure be adopted I will guaranty
that these insurrections will immediately stop;
they will stop when the first legiment locates
itself in tlic disatl'ected locality or county.
Here is Ihe place and this is the time. The
mourn re is proposed in the right time and at. tile
right place. When wo admitthisStato into the
Union let her come in with the full and thorough
understanding that she comes in pledged to
preserve the peace, that she comes in as a loyal
State owing proper allegiance to this Govern-
ment, and that Congress means to throw every
guard around our tine friends. If the people
there are loyal these provisions will not hurl
the in. I f they are too severe tor them, and they
oppose lliem, it lsevidenco that this is the med-
icine which is required to remove the disease
which tliereexisls. 1 am in favorol theamend-
menl proposed by I bo Senator from Missouri,
but if that fails 1 shall support the amendment
offered bv ihe Senator from Michigan.
Air. NVJ'i. Mi. President, if J understand
conedly the piinciple of this amendment it
is to provide for casi s where (he Slale govern-
ment fails to protect the citizens,ami makes it
then the duly of tile General Government to
do it. It declares no new principle. I under-
stand that, the highest duty of Government is
to protect its citizens everywhere, whether
upon the sea or upon the land. 1 understand
that the theory of our Government is to use
the State organizations as a means of protect-
ing the citizens of the United States in the
several States, if I am not mistaken in that
statement there is nothing illogical in the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Missouri. T understand that the State organ-
izations tire simply instrumentalities used by
the h'cderal Government to give protection to
the citizens everywhere. If I am correct in
thai, theory this amendment is most, proper.
The fact is not to be denied that outrages such
us curdle the blood of humanity are every day
being perpetrated in these reconstructed or
unreconstructed States ; that the moment the
scepter of power is laid aside, as quick as the
Indian in his vengeance, the rebels spring lit
orally at the throats of those they have been
heretofore in ihe habit of governing, owning,
and controlling.
Sir, if tins Government is to be perpetuated,
if its theory is to be of practical use, this nation
cannot stand and hold themselves blameless
while the cry of murder is borne to our ears
upon every breeze from the South. I hold that
this Congress should wait for no new bill, but
it should seize the first opportunity to stay the
hand upraised to sued human blood. When
will that bill which my honorable friend fro-m
Connecticut desires be conceived? What will
it, be when it is brought forth? I do not know.
But if, perchance, there should be anything
wrong in this measure, let mo suggest to the
honorable Senator from Connecticut a more
humane adjustmentof this matter. Adopt this
proposition now; stay, if possible, these out-
rages and wrongs; and then, by some general
bill hereafter, if any provision of this measure
should be found too harsh, or not harsh enough,
that general bill, being the later legislation,
would regulate the whole subject.
I am not startled at a proposition of this
kind. Sir, if there is any blame that lies right
at the threshold of this Government it is that
we have borne these outrages too long. _ To
put down rebellion you marshaled your armies;
to overthrow it they spilled their blood upon
countless battle-fields. But, sir, the spirit of the
rebellion is not put down ; it is rampant to day,
and stalks defiantly in the face of the power
of this Government. The point is reached,
in my judgment, when the Government must
say "We are inadequate to this work; this
cruelty must exhaustitself until their humanity
shall cry enough;" or the Government must
assert its power, if need be by the force of arms,
to protect the humblest citizen that sits down
under his own vine and shade tree. No matter
whether it is in the southern glens or the
northern gorges, wherever the flag floats
American protection is presumed to be there.
If, as I believe to be the case, in the State of
Geoigia every day there ate countless wrongs
and outrages, and every roan who loves 3ns
country walks at the peril of his life when he
goes forth, 1 am ready to apply the speediest
and most effective remedy.
What, sir! Has it come to this, that after
putting down this rebellion in arms we are to
let it, exist with accumulated ferocity in certain
localities? Away with such reasoning as that!
What is the intelligence from North Carolina?
What is the intelligence from Georgia? Mur-
der, rapine, and ruin. Every day repeats the
history of the wrongs of the loyal people there;
and we, the American Senate, sit here delib-
erating on the most plausible way to stop it.
Sir, send the power of the Government to stop
it. While we are here deliberating upon some
technical question of reconstruction the torch
is applied and the sky is made lurid with the
flames of the incendiary; and yet honorable
Senators upon this tloor say, ''Let us wait a
little arid see if reason will not return again."
Sir, I have waited until I have grown gray for
reason to return to those men, but they seem
to become more and more unreasonable.
Were I a citizen of Gcorgiaand loyal to this
Government I should demand of the Senate of
the United States that they give me the pro-
lection contained in the amendment of the
Senator from .Missouri. I know there is not a
loyal man in Georgia in whoso veins courses
red blood who would not be in favor of it. 1
know that the sense of this nation demands it.
I know that the principles of eternal justice
and the principles upon which this Government
is founded demand it. And yet Senators hesi-
tate and object to the use of military force.
Sir, the military was created for just such
occasions and no other. Are they peaceful
in any locality in Georgia? Then no soldier
; will tread their soil. Are they peaceful in Vir-
j ginia or any other State? Then the sound of
j the drum will not be heard there. It is only
[ when they outrage the principles of humanity,
j outrage the principles of the Government, and
; outrage the public sense of the enlightened
j world that the military steps in with its power.
I Sir, themoment that the civil power acknowl-
j edges its inability to protect the citizens the
I military must come, of course. That is the
| resort. Am I told by the honorable Senator
j from Iowa or the honorable Senator from Con-
j liecticnt that the civil power does protect the
citizens ? 1 answer that every day's testimony
denies it. And yet honorable Senators sit
here and promise to deliberat-e at some future
day upon this great question of protecting the
private citizens of the United States in Geor-
gia. Sir, take Georgia as she was before this
rebellion, and there were no such scenes there
