1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4923
from Indiana very truthfully said that the con-
sumption of coffee was infinitely greater than
tho consumption of tea. Soitis. The amount
of coffee imported into this country last year was
in round numbers two hundred and thirty-one
million pounds, and its value was $22,000,000.
The duty was five cents a pound.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to explain. I
stated that the consumption of sugar was about
four times over tho consumption of both tea
and coffee.
Mr. THURMAN. I thought the Senator was
speaking of coffee, in which he was quite right;
and it may be that he is quite right about the
other; but I have not looked into that.
The duty on this coffee was $11,500,000;
the consumption of a family was twenty-nine
pounds nearly. I have not had time to carry
out the calculation, but if you will carry it out
you will find from these elements that the tax
paid per family on coffee amounts to §1 45.
Add that to the tax per family on tea, §1 25,
and you have $2 70 as the tax per family on
tea and on coffee.
Now, I ventureonce more to say to my friend
from Illinois that he has not a single constitu-
ent who is the head of a family in Illinois that
docs not pay five times that amount of tax;
not that the Government receives it, but five
times that amount on his clothing and his arti
cles into which iron, steel, and copper enter
and which are absolutely necessary to his busi-
ness. No, sir; it is not by giving those who
seek to keep up a high tariff on articles of
clothing, and articles that enter into the uten-
sils that poor men must use, the pretext for
keeping up high duties on those articles by
striking off this duty on articles on which every
cent that is paid goes into the Treasury, that
you are going to benefit the poor. I will go
with my friend from Illinois as far as any man
can properly go to reduce the tax on tea and
coffee and sugar, because I am in favor of a
general reduction ; but if it is to go to striking
off all taxes, then you must look out for your
revenue; and if you are to begin to strike off
these articles from which revenue is certainly
produced, then I say you begin at the wrong
end when you begin here.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind both Henators-that the time of the
Senator from Ohio has expired, according to
the agreement of the Senate. The question is
on the motion to strike out tea and coffee from
tho articles on which imposts duty shall be laid.
The yeas and nays have been ordered, and
the Secretary will call the roll.
Tho question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 41; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Fowler, Harlan. Harris,
Mc-Orcery, ltauisey, Spencer, Vickers,and Yates—).
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony. Bayard, Buek-
in^hatn, Cameron. Carper, tor, Casserly, Cole,
Conkline. Corbett, Drake, Bdmunds, Fenton lorry,
Gilbert, Hamilton ot Maryland, liamlm, Howe,
lloivoll, Johnston, Kellostg, McDonald. Morrill ot
Maine, Morriil ot Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Too!, I'ratt, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Spraauo, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Thurman, 'Jap-
lon, SVilley, and V.'iLon—H.
A li.S'iNT—Met-srs Ames, Boreman, Brownlow,
Catiell. Chandler, Cragin, Flanagan, Hamilton ot
Texas, Howard, Lewis, Noiton, Patterson, l'omo-
loy, lleveK Ilice, Itoss, Saulabury, ochurz, bloeic-
lon, Tiuoibull, Warner, and Williams—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CAMERON. I move now to reconsider
the vote taken yesterday upon the sugar clause.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate refused yesterday to
strike out the provision relative to sugar.
Mr. MORTON. I desire simply _to say one
word. I hope for very many considerations,
ami (or some that 1 will not mention here, that
vote will not be reconsidered. If it stood by
itself as a separate proposition, unconnected
with some other things, it would be better; but
standing as it does, I do exhort the Repub-
licans of the Senate not to reconsider that
vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that the Seftate
will do its duty. The Senate dare not, in view
of its duties, repeal a greater amount of taxes
than we can possibly have surplus revenue;
and as we have voted to strike out the income
tax we dare not carry these reductions to a
great number of other articles. I do not hold
myself responsible for the necessity of keeping
the old tax on sugar. Those who voted to
strike out the income tax made it necessary to
restore the tax on sugar; and the proposition
of the Senator from Indiana and his mode of
dealing with this questiou would bring utter
ruin to the Republican party. Here a majority
of the Senate, including every Democratic Sen-
ator, voted to strike off the only tax upon prop-
erty, the only lax upon the bondholder. We
cannot reverse that so far asthc.Senato is con-
cerned ; nor can we, because the Senate in our
opinion acted thus unwisely, refuse to levy the
necessary taxes to pa.y the interest, on the pub-
lie debt and the expenses of the Government.
We cannot repeal both the income tax and the
duties on sugar, and the other duties proposed to
be repealed. Every Senator has had tho figures
before him proving that fact. I trust, there-
fore, the Senate will either do one thing or the
other—restore the income tax or the sugar tax.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I have not had the
pleasure of hearing this discussion before, I
should like to ask my friend from Ohio for
information, seriously, why it would not be bet-
ter to continue the tax on sales, for instance,
together with the tax on gross receipts, and
let the tax on sugar go?
Mr. SHERMAN. That would lead me off
into a side discussion that has been already
gone over. There is no tax in the whole cata-
logue of taxes that is more oppressive in its
character than the tax on sales. It is a tax on
energy, industry, capacity; on young, active,
driving men, who are trying to make their way
in the world, and not on property. We have
discussed that over and over again. The Com-
mittee on Finance and the Senate by a unani-
mous vote struck out all taxes on sales, except
on whisky and tobacco. I hope the Senator
will not travel over that ground because it hap-
pened during his absence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to
my friend from Ohio for his hopes—-
Mr. SHEKMAN. I ought to say that we
propose to restore the tax on gross receipts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iam much obliged to my
friend from Ohio for his hopes. I am not in
the habit of asking anybody's permission ex-
actly which way I shall travel in a debate. I
do not propose to occupy his time, but that of
the Senate; and I merely wish to express my
opinion, with his permission.
I think the tax on sugar is a greater oppres-
sion to the young and driving, as well as the
old and decrepit, than the tax on sales. The
lax on sales covers sales of silks as well as
sales of sugar, and sales of champagne and
whisky, I would suggest to my friend, as well
as sales of lemonade and tea.
Mr. SHERMAN. We levy a tax on cham-
pagne and all those good things yet.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the sales of them?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir ; and we tax sales
of whisky and tobacco.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am delighted to hear
that. I understand that we leave the special
taxes on whisky and tobacco, but I propose to
add to the sales of tobacco the sales of silks
and all other things that enter into tho general
consumption of the country, that the rich as
well as the poor, and in larger proportion, buy.
The prices of things sold are fixed, and those
prices will not be regulated or changed, if you
pass this law, by the fact that the wholesale
dealer or theTetail dealer whose sales amount
to the proper sum for taxation has this tax
taken off 1ns shoulders. I shall pay the saiue
for my kersey and my friend for his broadcloth
as we did before; and the poor man will pay
the same for whatever he wears and whatever
he eats as he did before. Therefore to leave
the tax on sales as it stands will impose no
burden, and will continue no burden that can
otherwise be avoided, upon the body of the
community. That is what I think. Very likely
the Committee on Finance is right; but it is
one of the privileges of liberty in this country
for everybody to think according to the light'
he has. That is the light I have. I believe it ac-
cords with the sentiments of my constituents;
and therefore, with all deference to my distin-
guished friend from Ohio, I prefer to abolish
the lax on sugar and to continue the tax on
sales of every commodity, as thelaw now stands,
up to the proper limit, and try the experiment
at that. It may be that I typ wrong; but I do
not want to occupy time. *
Mr. HOWE. I do not think it is quite fair
for the Senator from Ohio to attempt to set
up a test of courage on this question. He has
expressed the opinion that the Senate dare not
refuse to continue the tax on sugar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said the Senate dare
not, with proper regard to their public duties,
refuse to levy taxes enough to support the Gov-
ernment. That is what I said.
Mr. HOWE. I should very much regret to
find that amount of courage in the Senate; but
we have seen what the Senate dare do, and I
trust the utmost that it dare do. We have seen
that the Senate the other day, with regard to
twenty millions only of the whole revenues of
this country, amounting to three hundred and
thirty or three hundred and forty millions—
revenues, I tell you, every dollar of which must
be paid out of the incomes of our fellow-citi-
zens—deliberately declared that not even tho
small sum of twenty millions of that whole rev-
enue should be levied in proportion to income.
We asked the Senate to consent that $20,-
000,000 of this amount, all of which must bo
paid out of income and not out of anything
else, should be assessed in proportion to in-
come. We consented that the other $300,-
000,000 should be assessed upon individuals,
not in proportion t,o what their incomes are,
but in proportion to what their necessity, to
what their consumption is, in proportion to
tho amount of sugar their children eat, to the
amount of tea their ladies drink, to the amount
of whisky even that the diseased appetite of
the public in this country consumes. We have
consented to have more than three hundred
millions assessed upon these rules and under
these tests. The Senate said, " No; the whole
shall be assessed upon these very rules; no
part of it shall be assessed according to what
income really and truthfully is." So long as
the Senate are plucky enough to say they wiil
not allow the small sum of §20,000,000 to be
assessed according to this truthful standard, I
trust the Senate will be brave enough to say
that not more than two cents on the pound
shall be paid upon the sugar that is consumed
in this country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is ex-
tremely unfortunate that these questions of
taxation and tariff should be postponed until
hot weather, when the Senate are indisposed
to seriously sit down and consider them as they
ought to do, or to spend the amount of time
that is necessary in order to give them an
intelligent discussion.
That fierce joy which every Senator feels in
being able to'point his constituents to the fact
that he has voted for the reduction of every
tax that has been proposed is conspicuously
displayed here in the Senate; and I think it is
clearly manifest that it is the opinion of the (
Senate that all taxes should be repealed, and<
that the chairman of the Committee on Fiuauce '
should support the Government. [Laughtei.]
Mr. President, aftei the Senate shall have
indicated its purpose, as it has already done
in relation to the income tax and the tax on
sugar, with regard to two or three more arti-
cles that are embraced in this tariff list, il does
seem to me that the proposition made by the
