3980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
for patent medicines or anything of that Jjiml.
But, so far as matches are concerned, this con-
structiop operates unfairly to the smaller man-
ufacturers, Complaints come up from all of
thera who possess only moderate means that
they cannot make a living from their business
unless they have the discount of ten per,cent,
•on.the whole amount. The tax which match
.manufacturers have to pay is some three hun-
dred or three hundred and fifty per cent, on
the whole value .of what they manufacture.
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man frcSm Connecticut if he does not know
that match manufacturers can give a bond and
procure stamps without the payment of any
money V
Mr. KELLOGG. I think the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. ALLISON. I am not. That is the
existing law, and the provision of this bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. These parties havealways
heretofore, until last March, had ten per cent,
deduction on the whole amount where it ex-
ceeded $500. Since then they have got the
ten per cent, discount only on the excess over
$500. Add to what they pay for stamps, the
expense of cutting the dies, and I believe they
pay a higher rate of taxes than any other pur-
chasers of stamps—$1 44 a gross, as I am in-
formed—while the whole cost besides is only
forty cents. They pay more than three hun-
dred per cent, tax, and then when a man
of moderate means contracts for over $500
worth—and if he give bonds I suppose he has
to pay for it eventually—lie has only a reduc-
tion of ten'per cent, on the excess over $500,
while the man who is able to contract for over
$10,000 worth and gives bond, gets an advant-
age to the extent of §950.
' Mr. TOWNSJiND. The amendment of the
gentleman from Connecticut would operate very
unequally. If a person should purchase $499
in stamps ho would got a discount of $24 05,
but. if another person purchased $501 ho would
get a discount, of $50 10 ; so that the purchaser
of two dollars more of stamps would got a dis-
- count of $25 15 on the two dollars practically.
This shows its inequality.
Mr. SCHBNCK. We have some curious
arithmetic on this question. I can understand
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who pro-
poses that no ten per cent, shall be allowed
at all, but five per cent, allowed all round
from the lowest to the highest. But I cannot
for my life understand tho argument that the
gentleman professes to be making for tho small
purchasers against the present construction of
the law by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, which construction of the law is literally
right, whatever may have been ruled hereto-
fore, and which construction we want to sus-
tain beyond all question by the language being
made clear of all ambiguity. The present
law is, that on sums not less than fifty dol-
lars, nor more than $500, five per cent, shall
be allowed, and on amounts over $500 ten per
cent. "On amounts over $500" the Commis-
sioner understands to mean on the excess over
$500. To remove all difficulty wo are going
to use that term now. Otherwise, if you put
it at ton per cent, on the whole sum how would
it help what gentlemen choose to call tho
poor men? Here is a man who buys $400
worth of stamps only ; he does not need any
more. He will get five per cent, discount, which
will be twenty dollars. Here is another man
who has more money, and he buys $600 worth.
These gentlemen insist that lie shall have his
ten per cent, discount, not merely on the $100
over the $500, hut that it shall go back and
relate to the $500 of his purchase, and that ho
shall get ten per cent, on that also. He, there-
fore, getting ten per cent, on his whole pur-
chase, gels sixty dollars ; that is to say, he will
get on the §000 three times as much as the
man of moderate means would get on $400.
Now, how in the name of Heaven gentlemen
who are so anxious to favor tho man of small
means, the small purchaser of stamps, can make
any arithmetic that will sustain their position
is more than I can comprehend.
The question was taken on Mr. Kellogg's
amendment to the amendment; and it was
disagreed to.
The amendment offered by Mr. Schexck
was then agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What
became of the amendment of the gentleman
from Philadelphia, [Mr. Randall?]
The SPEAKER. It was withdrawn. '
The Clel'k read the next sections, as follows;
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted. That the Com-
missioner of Internal ^Revenue may make general
regulations respecting allowances to be made for
stamps issued under tho provisions of this act, which
may have been spoiled, destroyed, or rendered use-
less, obsolete, or unfit for the purpose intended, or
for which the owner may havo no use, or where tho
taxes represented thereby have been paid in error
and remitted; and such allowances shall be made
either by giving other stamps in lieu of the stamps
so allowed for, or by repaying tho amount thereof
after deducting tho amount of any discount that may
havo been allowed to the owner thereof; but no
allowance shall be made in any case until the stamps
so spoiled or rendered useless have been returned
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, or until
satisfactory proof has been made showing the reason
why said stamps cannot be so returned.
Sec. 18, And be it farther enacted, That when the
facilities for the procurement and distribution of
stumps in any collection district are. in the judgment
of tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue, insuffi-
cient, he may furnish to any postmaster in such dis-
trict, without prepayment therefor, any stamps, not
exceeding $200 in aggregate amount at any onetime,
except stamps for distilled spirits, fermented liquors,
tobacco, snuff, or cigars; requiring from such post-
master a bond in an amount equal to double tho
value of the stamps so furnished, conditioned lor
tho faithful return, whenover, required, of all such
stamps undisposed of, and for the payment monthly
of all money received lor those sold, which bond
shall be deposited with the .First Comptroller of tho
Treasury; and m tho adjustment of tho account of
such postmastei for stamps so furnished to and sold
by him he shall bo allowed a commission of live per
cent, for his services.
No amendments were offered, and the Clerk
read the nineteenth section, us follows;
Sue. lib And'ur it further enacted, That if any person
having the custodyot" any plate,die,or otherinstru-
ment from which any stamp, or any part thereof
mentioned in this act or in any act hcreaiter in force,
shall have been printed, or which shall havo been
prepared fox the purpose of pi kiting any such stamp
or any part thereof, shallusesuohplatc,die,or other
instrument, or knowingly permit tho same to boused
ior the purpose nt printing any stamp, or auy par1-,
thereof, except such as shall be printed for the use
of tho United States, by order ol tho proper officer
thereof; or if auy person shall make or engravo, or
cause or procure to bo made or engraved, or shall aid
in malting or engraving orincausingorprocuringto
bo made or engraved any plate, die, or other instru-
ment m tho likeness or similitudo of any plate, die,
or other instrument, designed ior the printing of any
sueh stamp,or any part thereof; orshall vend, or sell,
or buy any such plate, die, or other instrument; or
shall bring into the United (States from any foreign
place any such plate, die, or other instrument, with
any other intent or for any other purpose, in either
ease, than that such plate, die, or other instrument
shall be used for printing such stamp, or some part
or parts thereof for the use of the United States;
or if any person shall have in his custody or posses-
sion any plate, die, or other instrument, engraved
after the similitude of any plate, die, or other instru-
ment from which any such stamp, or any part or
parts thereof, shall have been printed, with intent
to use any Mich plate, die, or other instrument, or
cause or sulTer the same to bo used m forging or
counterfeiting any such stamp, or any part or parts
thereof, issued or to bo issued as aforesaid; orshall
havo in his custody or possession any stamp engraved
and printed, or produced by any other process, after
tho similitudo of any such stamp issued as afore-
said. with intent to sell or otherwise use tho same,
or with intent to dofraud the United States of any
of the taxes imposed by law, or auy part thereof;
or if any person shall forge or counterfeit, or causo
or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any stamp,
die, plate, or other instrument, or any part of any
stamp, dio, plate, or other instrument which shall
havo been provided, or may hereafter bo provided,
made, or used in pursuance of this act, or of any
act hereafter in force; or shall forgo, counterfeit, or
imitate, or causo or procure to be foiged, counter-
feited, or imitated, the impression, or any part of tho
impression, of any such stamp, die, plate, or other
instrument as aforesaid, upon any vellum, parch-
ment, or paper; or shall stamp or mark, or cause or
procure to bo stamped or marked, any vellum, parch-
ment, or i)ii per, article or thing, with any such forged
or counterfeited stamp, die, plate, or other instru-
ment, or part of auy stamp, die, plate, or other instru-
ment as aforesaid, with intent to defraud tho United
States of any of the taxes hereby imposed, or any
part thereof; or if any person shall have in posses-
sion, or shall utter, or sell, or buy, or offer to sell,
or offer to buy, any vellum, parchment, paper, arti-
cle or thing having thereupon the impression of any
such counterfeited stamp, die, plate, or other instru-
ment, or any part of any stamp, die, plate, or other
instrument, or any such forged, counterfeited or nm 
♦ated'impression, or putt of impression as aforesaid,
knowing the same to he forged, counterfeited, or imi-
tated, or if any person shall knowingly use or permit
tho use of any stamp, die, plate, or other instalment,
which shall have been so provided, made, or used as
aforesaid, with intent to defraud the United btatos;
or if any person shall fraudulently cut, tear, or re-
move, or cause or procureto bo out, torn, or removed,
the impression of any stamp, dio, plate, or other
instrument which shall have been provided, made*
or used iu pursuance of this act* or ot any act here-
after in force, from any vellum, parchment, or paper,
or any instrument in writing charged or chargeable
with any of the- taxes now or hereafter imposed
by Jaw; or if any person sball fraudulently uao, join,
hx, or place, or cause to be used, joined, fixed, or
placed, to, with, or upon any vellum, parchmcnt,
paper, or auy instrument or writing charged or
chargeable with any of tho taxes hereby or heroaitei*
imposed, any adhesive stamp, or the inipressiop ot
any stamp, die. plate, or other instrument which
shall have been provided, made, or used m pursu-
ance of law, and which shall have been cut, torn, or
removed from any other vellum, parchment, or
paper, or any instrument or writing charged or
chargeable with any of the taxes imposed by law:
or if any person shall willfully removo or cause to
be removed, alter or cause to he altered, the cancel-
ing or defacing marks on any adhesive stamp, with
intent to use the same, or to cause the use of tho
same after it shall have been once used, or shad
knowingly or willfully sell or buy such washed or
restored stamps, or offer the same for sale, or givo
or expose the same to any person for use, or know-
ingly use the same, or prepare the same with intent-
tor the further use thereof; or if any person shall
knowingly and without lawful excuse (the proof
whereof shall be on the person accused) havo in his
possession any washed, restored, or altered stamps
which have been removed from any vellum, parch-
ment, paper, instrument, or writing, then, and in
every such case, every person so offending, and every
person knowingly or willfully aiding or abetting, or
assisting in committing any such offense as afore-
said, shall, on conviction, bo fined not less than $500
not more than $5,000. and^ imprisoned not less than
one year nor more than live years; and allaiticles
towhioh suchforged. counterfeited, washed, restored,
or altered stamps havo been affixed shall bo for-
feited to the United States; and all such stamps,
plates, dies, and other instruments shall bo destroyed
by tho marshal under tho direction of tho court:
Provided, That the presence upon any stamp of a
cancellation mark shall bsprimafaeie evidence that
such stamp has been cut, torn, or removed from Home
writinz, instrument, or article charged or charge-
able with a tax, unless said stamp shall bo affixed
to an instrument or writing, and tho cancellation
mark bo that which is appropriate to such instru-
ment or writing.
Mr. MEROUR. I offer the following amend-
ment;
Pago 4G, lino sixty-six, strike out the words " or of
any hereafter in lorcc;" in line sixty-eight the words
"or hereafter." and in line 3eventy-three the words
".or hereafter imposed."
This bill proposes to impose a fine of $5,000
and a penalty of imprisonment for five years
for ihe violation of a law that some subsequent
Congress may pass, it strikes me that that, is
a departure from all proper and legitimate
legislation. Whenever a law is passed then it
will be time enough to fix the penalities for its
violation.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. There would be something
in that if it were not that this defines distinctly
what the offense is. If any future enactment
should provide for the use of a particular stamp;
i'or instance, if we should change the whisky
law so as to provide for the use of another
stamp, we would have to put in that modifica-
tion of the law all these provisions in regard to
penalties, if the proposed amendment should
be made to this section. Now, it seems to me
that when we define what the offense is; that
is, intermeddling and interfering with or de-
stroying a, Government stamp representing
taxes paid, it does not matter whether that
stamp is provided for and described in this
act or in some future act; this only applies to
such an offense committed in regard to a certain
thing. When we define the offense it will obviate
the necessity of repeating iu every future pro-
vision in relation to tax stamps the penalty for
such an act as this.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Meiioue; and it was not
agreed to, upon a division—-ayes twenty-two,
noes not counted,
_ Mr. PETERS. I move to amend this sec-
tion in that portion of it prescribing the penalty
by striking out "and" and inserting "or"
