8086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
include all officers of that class who are neces-
sary?
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman will hear
my explanation of that part of the bill I think
lie will be satisfied; if not, I will hear any
amendment he may desire to offer, and allow
him to submit it to the House.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg your pardon. I thought
you were treating the subject generally.
Mr. JEN CKES. I am giving generally the
reasons why the Committee on Retrenchment
thought that this evil which I have already
explained should be corrected as soon as prac-
ticable and in as efficient a manner as possible.
Upon looking into the question farther they
found the other difficulty indicated by the
question of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Loqak ;] that is, that we have gone on creating
law officers in the different Departments of this
Government who are entirely independent of
the head of the law department and of the Attor-
ney General of the United States. Following
the precedent set in the creation of the soli-
citor of the Treasury by theact of 1830, we have
authorized tile appointment of an assistant .
solieitorof the Treasury, and also a solicitor of i
the Internal Revenue Bureau; and during the <
war we had a solicitor of the War Department
and an assistant solicitor of the War Depart-
ment. Ia both of these last named cases the
Government was fortunate in securing without
great expense the services of accomplished ;
lawyers, equal to the performance of any duties
required of the law officers of the Government.
We also created a law officer for the Navy
Department, and in the course of time a law
officer has been created for the Post Office
Department, charged with special duties.
I need not dwell upon the manner in which
these officers have performed their duties. I
have no doubt they have performed,them to
the best of their ability and honestly in every
case. But we have found that there has been
a most-unfortunate result from this separation
of law powers. We find one interpretation ot
the laws of the United States in one Depart-
ment and another interpretation in another
Department. % In fact, we had brought to our
notice here early in the session an instance of
differentopimonsupoa the same subject* where
(he Paymaster General of the Army obtained
one opinion from one law officer end another
officeroftbeGoveromentobtainedfrom another
law officer a different opinion upon the same
subject, neither obtaining the opinion of the
Attorney General, who ought to have been
consulted. The consequence is a difference of
opinion and a difference of advice in each case
uponthe same statute.
; We have found, too, that these law officers,
being subject to the control of the heads of
the Departments, in some instances give ad-
.vice which seems to have been instigated by
the beads of the Department, or at leastadvice
which seems designed to strengthen the reso-
lution to which the.head of the Depaf tmeut may
jhave come in a particular instance. We found
one most remarkable case, or the chairman of
the committee [Mr. Wei.keb] did, when ha
went to California, in the case of a lease of
land in San Francisco, which was said to have
been done upon the advice of a former soli-
eitorof the Treasury. Upon producing the letter
of the solicitor it was found that .it did not con-
tain any such advice, although it had evidently
been so worded as to seen to sanction this act
of his chief, aod the committee, upon looking
further, (bund that there was no authority in any
law for the Secretary to act in the manner he
did; &nd it would have been strange if he had
£0 acted under the advice of any law officer.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does thegentleman think
it peculiar to this country for a law officer to
:giye an' opinion to sustain the attitude of his
.superior? Has it not been done more than
-once in the office of the Attorney General of
>tbe United States?
Mr. JENCKES. I have npt made any charge
against any of these officers. It is a misfortune
that such should be the case, whether with legal
or with other officers. It is a misfortune that
there should be different constructions of the
laws of the United States by different law offi-
cers of the United States. Whether the opinion
of the Attorney General be right or wrong, it |
is an opinion which ought to be followed by
all the officers of the Government until it is
I reversed by the decision of some competent ;
| court.. It is for the purpose of having a unity j
1 of decision, a unity of jurisprudence, if I may
! use that expression, in the executive law of ,
the United States, that this bill proposes that
all the law officers therein, provided for shall
! be subordinate to one head.
The question the gentleman asked has deeper
significance, however, and the idea should be
; understood and borne in mind in considering
i every part of this bill. The head of aDepart-
I ment may act according to his own judgment,
with or without the advice of his solicitor, and
contrary to the advice of the Attorney Gen-
eral. If he does, he is responsible to the Presi-
dent of the United States for what he does as
the head of a Department, and to nobody else.
But we propose that if he takes advice at all,
if he wishes to be fortified by the opinion of
' law officers, then he shall go to the fountain-
: head and receive the opinion of the chief law
! officer of the Government, and then act upon it
! or not, upon his own responsibility. This bill,
if it shall become a law, will have that effect,
' which we deem will be highly beneficial.
| Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will under*
J stand the idea I had in my mind, when I remind
| him of the anecdote of a former President who
i sent word to his Attorney General that if he
' could not find law for a particular policy he
; (the President) would find an Attorney General
^rho could find law for it.
Mr. JENCKES. I have heard such anec-
dotes. £Tt is' true that the head of a Depart-j
ment or the President may act on his owni
responsibility, but be cannot in such a case1
shelter himself behind the opinion of a soli-
citor. This bill proposes to transfer these sev-
eral solicitors from the Departments in which
they are now located and to place them under
the control of the Attorney General, as the
head of the department of justice; that any
advice or legal opinion which may be sought
by any officer of the Government shall be sought
at the Attorney General's Office; that he shall
refer these questiousto such officers as may be
! appropriate ; questions relating to the Treas-
i ury to the solicitor of the Treasury; questions
! relating to internal revenue to the solicitor
I of the internal revenue department. When
j the opinions oome back to the Attorney General
! they are to be recorded in his office, and when
i approved, they are to be the executive law for
fill the inferior officers of the Government.
. , We have now this great anomaly: the At-
torney ■General is bound- to conduct all the
cases of the .United States in the Supreme
Court of the United States; yet, hi the major-
ity of instances he never hears of the cases
until the printed record is in. his hands, and
there is no place in Washington to which he
can go to ascertain the history of the case.
Under the law as it stands the solicitor of the
Treasury may advise tbe district attorneys ill
certain cases. The Attorney General has a
general supervision and eoatfol over the dis-
trict attorneys in all cases; but this general
supervision and control have neve*been defined1
by law- or usage or in any opinion of the Attor-
ney General. Hence the district attorneys
| have a divided responsibility. They have also
a third responsibility—to send their accounts
1 to the Interior Department to have them set*
! tied there. In every case they look for their
| guidance and for the settlement of their ac-
! counts to the Attorney General's Office, the
j office of the solicitor of the Treasury, and the
! Department of the Interior. This bill pro-
! poses to uniteall these functions in one depart-
; went and have the law business of clerks, dis-
i trial attorneys, and marshals of all the courts
of the United States settled in the office of the
Attorney General, or rather in the department
of justice, subject, of course, to the same con-
trol in every respect that the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury now have over these
expenditures.
We have found instances in which not oniy
direct supervision, but direct responsibility to
the head of the Department is absolutely neces-
sary for the protection of the Government.
Ever since I have been making investigations
upon the Committee on Retrenchment i have
been inquiring why certain bonds to the United
States which have been forfeited for several
years have not been put in suit, and I have
never obtained any satisfactory answer. Be-
ing in court not long since, I found a district
attorney of the United States attempting to sus-
tain suit upon distillery and warehouse bonds,
where the language of the condition, as framed
by some solicitor of the internal revenue de-
partment, or assistant solicitor of the Treasury,
departed from the language of the statute re-
quiring the bond; and this, too, though the
! bonds are in their nature compulsory, and
' should, as every lawyer of education knows,
! be in strict conformity to the statute. In con-
sequence of that blunder or carelessness on the
part of some solicitor or solicitor's clerk the
Government failed to enforce payment on those
forfeited bonds, and the money cau never be
recovered. This is only one instance ; similar
instances rpay be found in a great many cases.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether this bill creates any new offices?
: Mr. JENCKES. Only one.
I Mr. WARD. Does it do away with any
existing offices?
Mr. JENCKES. . No, sir; but it does away
with the employment of outside counsel.
Mr. WARD. It does not do away with any
of the solicitors ?
Mr. JEISCKES. No; but it transfers the
solicitors to the Attorney General's depart-
ment, and avoids the expense of employing
outside counsel, which expense has amounted
in some instances to $100,000 a year. The
only additional expense involved by this bill
is about thirteen thousand dollars per annum.
The annual expenditure now is ,$130,000, so
that the increase is about one tenth of what
is sought to be saved. There will of course
have to be employed some special assistants
for the district attorneys; but, as I have said,
they will be appointed by special commissions,
receiving a fee to be agreed upon or determined
; by the Attorney General, and by him alone, and
which in no case will exceed the compensation
properly allowable for the service rendered.
Mr.MAYNARD. Does the gentleman think
ft practicable for us to organize by this bill
a force adequate to all the emergencies and
, exigencies of the Government?
Mr. JENCKES. We cannot, of course,
;: foretell with precise certainty how the system
: will operate; but we anticipate that the force
organized by this bill will be able to transact
1 the present law business of the Government.
Cases in which the Government is concerned
; are constantly arising in different courts in
I various parts of the country. If a sugar case
! is to be tried to-day, the Attorney General can
^ send his solicitor to attend to the trial. The
champagne cases and the whisky cases and
other revenue in New York could be postponed
until the solicitor general can go there and try
them. In the course of a year .one competent
lawyer could try all these important cases, and
thus dispense with these numerous counsel.
In order to show how much this expense has
been, I will refer, without intending to be in-
vidious to anybody, to the cotton-cases in New
Orleans. A retainer of $10,000 was sent to
an eminent lawyer there, but we cannot find
that he ever did anything. In the sugar cases
a retainer of $10,000 was sent to another dis-
tinguished lawyer. He has tried, them and
succeeded, and has received additional' fees.
!; Retainers of $3,000 and $.7,500 have-been
