1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4925
NATS—Messrs. Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly,
Cra-gin, Davis,Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,Har-
lan, Howe, Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Boss, Schurz,
Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, Thurman, Vickers, Wil-
son, and Yates—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Amos, Anthony, Brownlow,
Cattell, Edmunds, Perry, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Texas, Howard, Lewis, Norton, Nye. Patterson,
Ramsey, Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Thayer,
and Trumbull—19.
So the motion to strike out was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The provis-
ions in regard to sugar are stricken out.
Mr. HAMLIN". I now move the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Finance
to supply the place of the paragraphs already
stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves to insert the words
commencing in the middle of line forty-five, on
page 91, which the Secretary will report.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed
to be inserted, as follows:
On all sugar not above No. 7 Dutch standard in
color, and on all sirup of sugar-cane, melada, or con-
centrated melada, and concentrated molasses,"one
and three fourths cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 7 Butch standard in color,
and not above No. 10 Dutch standard in color, two
cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. lODutch standard in color,
and not above No. 13 Dutch standard in color, two
and one fourth cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 13 Dutch standard in color,
and not abovo No. 16 Dutch standard in color, two
aW one half cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 10 Dutch standard in color,
and not above No. 20 Dutch standard in color, three
cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 20 Dutch standard in color,
and on all refined loaf, lump, crushed, powdered,
and granulated sugar, four cents per pound.
On all molasses, five cents per gallon: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Treasury shall, by regula-
tions, prescribe and require that samples shall be
taken by inspectors from tho hogshead, box, or other
package, in such a manner as to represent a truo
average of the contents of the package, and from a
sufficient number of packages of tho same markin
each and every invoice, so that, the samples on which
the classification is made shall be a fair averago in
quality of the sugar imported under that mark, and
the classification shall bo adjudged on tho entire
mark accordingly; and the weights of sugar imported
in casks or boxes shall be marked distinctly by the
custom-house weigher by scoring the figures indeli-
bly on each package.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order. Until the amendments of the commit-
tee are through with it is not in order for any
Senator to move an amendment, according to
the rule of the Senate. I feel it my duty to
insist upon the rule at this stage of the session.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is no rule on the
subject; but I supposed the committee were
through with their amendments. I withdraw
the amendment for the present. I do notwish
to offer it until the committee have disposed of
their amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no rule about it.
It is only a custom.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment at this time is withdrawn, and the Secre-
tary will proceed with the reading of the bill.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of the
bill, as follows:
And provided further. That all sirup of sugar, sirup
of sugar-cano juice, melada, concentrated melada,
or concentrated molasses, entered under the name
of molasses, shall bo forfeited to tho United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Those words should be
included in the clause stricken out by the vote
iust taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
regarded.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment of
the Committee on Finance is to strike outfrom
line eighty-one, on page 93, to line one hun-
dred and iifty-three, on page 'J5, inclusive, and
to insert in lieu thereof 
Mr. SHERMAN. That is wrong. The
amendment only goes down to line ninety-four,
and we propose to insert nothing there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
calls the attention of the Senator to the fact
that all these lines are embraced in brackets
alike.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but they are
separate amendments. Page 93, irom line
eighty-one to line ninety-four, relates to the
duties on spices, and those items ought to be
considered as one amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator so states, the Chair will put the question
in that way. The question is on the amend-
ment of the committee, striking out from and
including line eighty-one, on page 93, to the end
of line ninety-four, on page 93, which will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be stricken out, as follows:
On pimento and on black, white, and red or Cay-
enne pepper, five cents per pound.
On ground pimento aud on ground pepper of all
kinds, ton cents per pound.
On ginger root, two cents per pound.
On ginger, ground, fivo cents per pound.
On cinnamon and on nutmegs, twenty cents per
pound.
On mace, twenty-five cents per pound.
On cloves, fivo cents per pound.
On cloves, three cents per pound.
On cassia and cassia vera, ten cents per pound.
On cassia buds and ground cassia, twenty cents per
pound.
On all other spices, twenty cents per pound; ground
or prepared, thirty cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 93, to
strike out lines ninety-five and ninety-six, in
the following words:
On wines of all kinds imported in casks, fifty cent
per gallon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out on
page 93, after lino ninety-six, tho following
clause:
On wines of all kinds imported in bottles, and not
otherwise herein provided for, two dollars per dozen
bottles, containing each not more than one quart and
more than one pint; and ono dollar per dozen bot-
tles containing not more than one pint each; and
wino in bottles containing more than ono quart each
shall pay in addition to two do!tats per dozen bot-
tles eighty cents per gallon on thequantity in excess
of one quart in each bottle.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 93, after
line one hundred and four, to strike out the
following clause:
On champagne and all other sparkling wines, in
bottles, six dollarsper dozen bottles containing each
not more than one quart and more than one pint;
and three dollars per dozen bottles containing not
moro than ono pint each; and in bottles containing
more than one quart each, shall pay, in addition to
sis dollars per dozen bottles, two dollars per gallon
on the quantity in excess of one quart: Provided,
That any liquors containing moro than twenty-five
per cent, of alcohol, which shall be entered under tho
name of wine, shall be forfeited to the United States:
And provided further, That wines, brandy, and other
spirituous liquors imported in boRles shall be packed
in packages containing not less than one dozen bot-
tles in e;toh package; anil all such bottles shall pay
an additional duty of three cents for each bottle ; no
allowance shall be made for breakage unless such
breakage is actually ascertained by count and certi-
fied by a custom-houso appraiser; and so much of
section fifty-nine of an act entitled " An act to regu-
late the collection of duties on imports and ton-
nage," approved iilai eh t, 17'Jj, as provided for allow-
ance for leakage and breakage, is hereby repealed.
On brandy and on other spirits manufactured or
distilled from gram or other materials, and not other-
wise provided for, two dollars per proof gallon : Pro-
vided, That each and every gauge or wine gallon of
measurement shall be counted as at least ono proof
gallon; and tho standard for determining the proof
of brandy and other spirits, and of wmo or liquors
of nnvkind imported, shall be tho same as that which
is defined in the second section of tho act impos-
ing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for
other purposes, approved July 20, 1803.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment of the
committee only goes down to line one hundred
and twenty-five. There is a mistake in the
printing of the bill. Brandy is not included in
the amendment. Tho committee roeommend
that it be left as it is under the old law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then,will be taken as indicated by tho Senator
from Ohio, on striking out the words read
down to the endoflineoneliundredand twenty-
five, ending with the words "is hereby re-
pealed," and not proposing to strike out the
last paragraph read.
Mr. CORBETT. I notice that in the esti-
mates the reduction upon wines and these other
articles, principally luxuries, amounts to con-
siderably over a million dollars. Now, if taxes
or duties are to be imposed or continued upon
anything, it seems to me they ought to be con-
tinued'on these articles where they impose no
special hardships. As I figure it up, the reduc-
tion is $1,736,000 on these articles, if thefigurfes
I have in this document are right.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Senator will
observe that our amendment is to strike out
those clauses.
Mr. CORBETT. Leaving the law as itstands
now?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, except on
brandy. We leave it at the old rate, at two
dollars a gallon.
Mr. CORBETT. Then the statement in this
Miscellaneous Document No. 151 as to the
amount of reduction is not correct?
Mr. SHERMAN. The document is correct;
but I think the Senator is mistaken in regard
to the amounts.
Mr. CORBETT. If the amendment is to
retain the present duty on those articles I am
in favor of that. f
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 95, after
line one hundred and thirty-six, to strike out
the following clause:
On cordials, liqueurs, arrack, absinthe, kirshwas-
ser, vermuth, ratafia, and other similar spirituous
beverages, or bitters containing spirits, and not
otherwise provided for, two dollars per proof gallon:
Provided, That any brandy or other spirituous liquors
imported in casks of less capacity than fourteen gal-
lons shall be forfeited to the United States;
Mr. SHERMAN. We leave those cordials
and liquors under the old law, and at a little
higher rate than proposed by the new bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 95, after
line one hundred and forty-two, to strike out
the following clause:
On all manufactures of cotton, the quantity or value
of which can be estimated or based upon measure-
ment in square yards, if unblcaehed, Ave cents per
square yard; if bleached, five cents per square yard,
and, in addition thereto, ten per cent, ad valorem;
if eolored, stained, painted, or printed, in whole or
in part, fivo cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem.: Provided, That
if the dutiesimposed by this section upen the man-
ufactures of cotton shall amount to less than thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem, then the duty shall be as-
sessed at tho rate of thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. THURMAN. I shonld like to ask the
chairman of the committee what will be the
effect of striking out this clause. Does it
increase or decrease the duty?
Mr. SHERMAN. From the best inform-
ation that we can gather from the official
statements before us, the proposed duties are
a slight increase upon the present duties. .
Mr. THCJRMAN. The words proposed to
be stricken out increase the duty?
Mr. SHERMAN. They increase it some- .
what. The Senator will see in a little tabular
statement which he has before him that this
changes the classification, but after an exam-
ination by my friend from Rhode Island [Mr.
Sphague] and others who are skilled in this
matter we were satisfied that the change would
make complication instead of sii&plicity. At
all events, it slightly raises the present duties.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was on page 95, after
line one hundred and fifty-three, to insert the
following clause;
On corsets, or manufactured cloth, woven or made
in patterns of such size, shape, and form, or eut in
such manner as to bo fit for corsets, when valued at
ton dollarsper dozen or less, three dollars per dozen;
when valued over ten dollars per dozen, thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by tho
Committeeon Finance to withdrawthatamend-
ment. It is a slight increase of the duty on
corsets
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not withdraw it if
(ho Senator from Rhode Island wishes to speak
upon it.
