i87a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3039
cues, and eases relating to captured and aban-
doned property in the rebel States. Ho is not
an officer of the Government No law fixes
or limits his salary or fees. But he is there
enjoying all the advantages of a law officer of
the Government, with none of the official sanc^
tions or responsibilities of an officer. He is
employed under general appropriation laws.
I do not allude to this to complain of him or
of any officer of the Government, but to point
out defects in our system of securing law ser-
vices for the Government. No one more faith-
ful, honest or competent could be found to per-
form the duties he is so faithfully rendering;
but all legal services should be performed by
regularly authorised law officers.
This bill proposes to prohibit the employe
naent of counscl unless specifically authorised
by law in terms, and not by vague generalities.
It devolves all legal duties on the proper law
It requires unanimous
The SPEAKER.
consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. WOOD. Permit me to say that I have
not participated at all in the discussion upon
' this bill, and therefore I do not speak on my
own behalf. But I do think ample opportunity
should be given to members of this House to
discuss every one of the duties proposed in this
bill.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent, as it proposes a suspension of the
rules.
i Mr. SCHENCK. I know that, and was iu
! hopes no one would object. However, I shall
be driven only the more frequently to move
1 that the committee rise for the purpose of clos-
, ing debate.
' Mr. ELDRIDGE. There are other para-
graphs as important as any we have consid-
  77i. A '  « j T.hi ^ grapus as important as any we L
officers of the Government, and will thus secure v ered, and they should be debated,
efficiency in legal services, economy in the
expenditures therefor, and prevent the danger
of favoritism and the lavish expenditure of
money. I hope this long-delayed measure may
pass and speedily become a law. For more
than two years it has been before committees
of Congress.
On the 12th December, 1867, this House
adopted a resolution, which it was my privilege
to offer, instructing the Judiciary Committee
to consider the propriety of reporting a bill to
consolidate all the law officers of the Govern-
ment at Washington into one law department.
On the 19th February, 1868,1 had the privi-
lege of reporting on leave of the House a bill
(H. R. No. 766) to establish alaw department,
which was referred to the Judiciary Committee,
though an error in the print on the bill makes
it read "to the Committee on Retrenchment."
_ On the 15th of May, 1868,1 reported this
bill back front the Judiciary Committee, with an
amendment, in the nature of a substitute, sub- |
stantially in the form of the original bill, and j
it was recommitted to the Judiciary Com mittee. |
This committee subsequently agreed to the bill, i
and I wu directed to report it to the House j
and recommend its passage; but in the order t
of business it could not be reached in the House '
for want of time.
On the 3d of February, 1868, the gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. jcxckes] introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 610) "to establish a depart-
ment of justice," which was referred to the
Committee on Retrenchment, bat no action
was had in the House.
Soon after the commencement of the Forty-
First Congress, on the 5th of April. 1869, I
again introduced a bill (H. R. No. 379) " to
establish a law department," substantially in
tliA frtrm t iia/4 noAtti_ J !• /* .I .
the form I bad previously reported it from'the
Judiciary Committee. This was referred to
the Committee on Retrenchment.
On the 24th of February, 1870, the gentle-
man^from Rhode Island introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1328) to establish a department of jus-
tice ; which was referred to the same committee.
The bill now before the House contains sub-
stantially the provisions of all these bills, and
in good part in the same words.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The morning honr has
expired, and this bill will go over until to-mor-
row.
debate in committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before I move to go into
Committee of the Whole upon the special order
I ask, as relating to that subject, the anani-
mous consent of the House for the adoption
of the resolution which I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Betolved, That when the House shall be acain in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
 l<2,u.iP eC1.l ' °- bl" amend existing laws
rclatmf to the duty on imports, and lor other pur-
poses, m ewe debate should arise on any ono of
the pararj-jphs relating to the duty on any form
*u®b d«bate shall not be allowed to extend
beyond twenty inmates on such parafraph.
ORDER FOR A NIGHT SESSION.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the Commit-
tee of the Whole be directed to take a recess
thia afternoon from half past four to half past
seven o'clock.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 58, noea 61; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schenck
and Mr. Euntisos were appointed.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. I understand that the
! New Yorkers have a sociable to-night.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Yes; and their last one.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I think we should
not have a session to-night.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 64, noes 68.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. CONGER called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were twenty-seven in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one
fifth of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 66,
not voting 61; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Archer.
Bird,
_ — —uuisvuf aiuuioi, ilUlC9| "■VUCr.
Armstrong, Airper, Atwood, Beatty, Benjamin, Ben-
ncham, Bird, T"-!- '■
James Brooks,
nett, Bingham, Bird, Blair," BoVkeiT'George'M.
Brooks, James Brooks. Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
chard, Rodeiick It Butler. Cake. Cessna, William
T. Clark, Amaea Cobb, Coburn. Conger, Conner.
Covode. Cowles.Cullom, Dawes, Farnsworth. Ferry,
Finkelnburg-VFishcr, Fitch Fox. Gets, Gilfillan,
Hay, Heflin. Hoar, Hooper, Kelley.Kellogg. Laflin,
Lawrence.Lqaan. Loughridge. Maynard, McCarthy,
McCormick. McCrary,, MoGrew, Mercur. Milnes
iuiakim II. Moore, William Moore, Samuel P. Mor-
rill. Myers, Neeley, O'Neill. Packard, Packer,
Palmer. Peok. Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Roots,
Sanforxl, Sargent, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel
A. Sheldon, John A. Smith. William Smyth, Stevens.
Stevenson, Stoughton. Strickland, Strong, Taylor,
A"man. Townsend,Tvner. Upson. Van Auken, Van
JJfyck. Ward, Welker. Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard,
Williams. Eugene M. Wilson. John T. Wilson,
Wmans. and Witcher—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Aver, Barry, Bea-
man. Beck, Biggs, Burdett. Calkin. Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Cox, Dickinson, Dockery,
Dox, E dndge. Ferriss, Griswold, Hnight, Hale,
Hamill. Hamilton, Harris,Hawkins. Hill. Hotchkiss,
JLngersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jon es, J udd, Kelsey. K err. Knapp, Knott,
Mayham. McKee, McKenzie, McNeely, Jesse H.
Moore. Morphis, Niblack, Paine, Perce. Peters,
i;^ros-s.u\?-1,ce' R°?ers, Joseph S. Smith, Wil-
hamj. Smith, Stiles, Stokes. Stone, Swanti.Sweeney,
Taffe, Tanner. Voorhees, Cadwalader C.Washburn,
Wwn?TnVWSter' Wood, and Woodward-66.
NOT VOTING-Messrs. Axtoll. Bailey. Banks,
Barnum, Benton, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, Buck. Burr,
Benjamin I. Butler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke,
7PaVlJ£.^fecJcr*, Dickey, Dixon, Donley,
P."yai' Dyer, Ela, Garfield, Gibson, Haldcman.llam-
y' i ay.*' Heaton, Hogc, llolman, Ju-
lian, Ketchain, Lash, Lynch, Marshall, Morgan,
ti Morrell. Moirissey, Mungen, Orth, Por-
^otter. Randall, Reeves, Ridgway, Sawyer, I
i l'er/i e'(?on' Sberrod, Shober, Slo- i
orynn*'°nC. Smith,Starkweather, Strader, |
n™ p W S ' Van Horn, Van Trump, Wil- ;
lum L. Washburn, and Wells—61. |
So the order for a recess was agreed to. j
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the I
New York delegation be excused from attend- I
ance at the session of to-night in consequence
of their arrangements for a social gathering
this evening.
Mr.. FERRISS. I hope that motion will
prevail.
Pending the motion,
j. ii. estes.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, asked and
obtained leave to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of J. H.
Estes.
d. d. t. farnswobtii.
Mr. McGREW asked and obtained leave to
have withdrawn from the files of the House the
petition and papers in the case of D. D. T.
Farnsworth, for the payment of a claim for
$1,000.
leaves of absence.
Mr. HOGE was granted leave of absence for
thirty days.
Mr. HILL wao granted leave of absence for
one day.
Mr. ROGERS was granted leave of absence
for one day,
Mr. CALKIN was granted leave of absence
for one day.
Mr. DIXON was granted leave of absence
for one day.
: Mr. HAWKINS was granted leave of absence
, for two weeks from to-morrow.
| wallis patter.
Mr. SCOFIELD asked and obtained nnan-
! imous consent for discharging the Committee
on Naval Affairs from the further consideration
of the claim of Wallis Pattee, and referring
the same to the Committee of Claims.
charles fierer.
On motion of Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of Claims was dis-
charged from the further consideration of papers
in the case of Charles Fierer, and they were
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
location or a national bank.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent that Senate bill No. 746, providing
for the change of the location of a national
bank, be taken from the Speaker's table and
put upon its passage. It is necessary it should
be passed at once. There will be no debate
on the question, or if there should be, 1 will
not press the matter.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object. I want the
House to go to business on the Speaker's table
and dispose of it regularly.
leave of absence:
Mr. PROSSER obtained leave of absence
from the evening sessions of the House on
account of sickness.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I renew my
motion that the New York delegation be ex-
cused from attendance during the session this
evening.
I he SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
the motion at the request of the New York
delegation ?
Mr. VAN WYCK. None of the New York
delegation are asking this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have made
the motion by request of a New York member.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Van Wyck]
has objected.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. ^ I ask that the whole
Pennsylvania delegation be excused from at-
tendance while the tariff bill is under consid-
eration. [Laugbter.1
Mr. SCHENCK. I decline to yield for that
motion.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gokham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
disagreed to the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 96) in relation to the Hot
