1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4927
view to six cents a pound, and now it is pro-
posed to increase that by two cents more. It
is true this is not a very importantmatter; the
amount of revenue gathered is notvery great;
but this will serve as well as a larger and more
important article to illustrate this principle of
protection that is sought to be renewed and
reaffirmed by this present piece of.a tariff.
This is an article used by the pape'r manu-
facturers, used by the dyers of all cloths,
whether of woolen or cotton, who are them-
selves coming here for an increased protection;
and yet all the articles that are used by them,
the component parts of their manufacture, are
again to be subjected to a higher tax. If this
be so, if all your dyes used in the manufacture
of your various cloths in the country, are to
be increased in cost, then we shall have the
manufacturers of cloths coming here and pro-
testing that they cannot compete with foreign
productions.
Already this aitificial dye-stuff called ultra-
marine can be made perfectly well abroad for
some eight or ten cents a pound. It has re-
ceived a revenue duty of twenty-five per cent.
advalorem, aud the tax now by thecommittee's
amendment is six cents a pound, which I think
is about three times too high; and yet in the
face of that the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, following the plan of every other gentle-
man who has his own particular object to
protect, (and not only to protect it, but to do it
at the cost, of others, for that is the necessary
result,) asks to have it increased to seventy-
live per cent. This bill professes to be a bill
to reduce taxation; and this is as fair a com-
mentary upon it as any other I know.
Mr. THURMAN. If I understood the Sen-
ator from Missouri correctly, there is but one
manufactory of ultramarine in the United
States. Am I right in that?
Mr. DRAKE. I understand that now there
is only one remaining factory in this country
that has been able to stand up against the im-
portation of this article from ioreign coun-
tries. I have been so informed; I am not sure
myself.
Mr. THURMAN. Then here is a propo-
sition to increase the duties above what they
now are two hundred per cent., if the statement
made by the Senator from Delaware who has
just taken his seat is correct, aud the Sen-
ator from Missouri proposes to add another
hundred per cent., and make the increase of
duties three hundred per cent, for the benefit
of one manufacturing establishment.
Mr. DRAKE. There is not any such thing
in the case, if the Senator from Ohio will per-
mit me to say so ; but in order that this mat-
ter may not occupy the time of the Senate I
ask leave to withdraw my motion.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I hope the amend-
ment proposed by the committee, which in-
creases the duty two hundred per cent., if the
statement made by the Senator from Delaware
is correct, for he states that the average cost
of this article is about eight cents 
Mr. BAYARD. From eight to ten cents.
Mr. THURMAN. If it were eight cents the
present rate of duty would be two cents per
pound; and this amendment proposes six
cents, which is an increase of two hundred per
cent, on the present duty. I hope it will be
voted down.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Delaware
who made that statement will permit me to say
to him that he is misinformed. The average
jobbing price of this article in New Yoik is
eighteen to thirty cents. That is the fact, as
ascertained by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BAYARD. I am a member of the
Committee on Finance. This ultramarine
was originally made from a mineral which Js
a precious stone, or a semi-precious stone, the
lapis-laztdi. It was then enormously expen-
sive. I think costing some five guineas per
ounce; but subsequently, by the ingenuity of
chemistry, they have found a means ol pro-
ducing an equally fine color, perhaps a liner
color than the mineral itself, at a cost of one
shilling a pound sterling. That was ten or
eleven years ago. Since that time its cost has
been further reduced. There was evidence
before the Committee on Finance, as I submit
to rey colleagues on that committee, showing
that the cost of it ran now from eight cents
upward. There is a part as high as three dol-
lars, but that I take it for granted was made
from the mineral, the lapis-lazuli itself. But
that the fact was stated to the committee that
the value of this article was as low as eight
cents is to my memory perfectly distinct. It
is a mere matter of memory, but I remember
it was admitted all around that this six cents
was an enormous increase of duty.
Mr. _ WILLIAMS. I had the New York
quotations in the committee-room, and the
jobbing price of this article is from eighteen
to thirty cents per pound. Those are the New
York quotations at this time.
Mr. BAYAIiD. Including duty paid and all?
Mr. WTLLIAMS. Yes; the jobbing price
in New York city.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out lines one hundred
and sixty-four, one hundred and sixty-five, one
hundred and sixty-six, one hundred and sixty-
seven, as follows:
On flax straw, five dollars per ton.
On ilax not hackled or dressed, twenty dollars per
ton; on flax haekled, known as " dressed lino," forty
dollars per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out lines one hundred
and sixty-eight, one hundred and sixty-nine,
and one hundred and seventy, as follows:
On hemp, unmanufactured, forty dollars per ton.
On the tow of flux or hemp, ten dollars per ton.
On Manila, sunn, and other like substitutes for
hemp.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert, after line one hundred
and seventy, "On Manilla, Russia, and other
hemps, unmanufactured so as to read :
On Manila, Russia, and other hemps, unmanu-
factured, not herein otherwise provided for, twenty-
five dollars per ton.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the committee whether this
corrects the inequality made against Russian
hemp, and about which the Russian Govern-
ment has complained?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely it. It
puts Russian hemp on precisely the same foot-
ing with Manila hemp.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in line one hundred aud seventy-
four, to insert after the word "jute" the words
"sunn, coir so a3 to read :
On jute, sunn, coir, and Sisal grass, fifteen dollars
per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in line one hundred and seventy-
five, to strike out the word " ten" and insert
" six so as to read, "On jute butts, six dol-
lars per ton."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert the following after line
one hundred and seventy-five :
On cotton bagging, or^other manufactures, not
otherwise provided fur, suitable for the uses to which
cotton bagging is applied, composed in whole or in
purt of hemp, jute, flax, gunny-bags, gunny-cloth, or
other material, and valued less than ten ecr.ts per
square yaid, two cents per pound.
On cotton as above, valued over ten cents per
square yard, three cents per pound.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " two cents" and
inserting "one cent."
Mr. WILLIAMS. We have reduced it now
to accommodate those whom the Senator rep-
resents.
Mr. SPENCER. Mr. President, I have
given the question of duty upon gunny cloth
and gunny bags serious consideration, and the
result of my investigations in that behalf is a
firm conviction that one cent per pound is all
the duty which should be imposed, and that
this reduction is called for and justified by the
best interests of the Government and of the
people.
The present duty upon gunny cloth and
gunny-bags is three cents per pound, or nearly
one hundred per cent., tlm payable in gold.
As a necessary consequence of this high rate
the importations have decreased from seventy-
live thousand bales of cloth and thirteen thou-
sand bales of bags in 1860 to less than ten
thousand bales of cloth and two thousand bales
of bags during the current year.
This decline of importation is equivalent to
a loss of forty-five thousand tons of tonnage, a
total and direct loss, while the Calcutta trade,
which relies upon these articles for light meas-
urement freight, derives additional injury by
being frequently compelled to return in empty
space, because of tho excessive duties thus
imposed.
Prior to the war gunny-cloth cost from eight
to ten cents per yard, but now has increased to
twenty-eight or thirty cents. Estimating the
annual cotton crop produced by the South to
be two million six hundred thousand bales,
each bale requiring eight yards on the average,
which is really less than the actual amount
used, it will be seen that the producers of cot-
ton are compelled to pay an increase of about
$4,000,000 annually over and above what they
would be obliged to pay but for the present
tariff.
It is clear to my mind that this imposition
upon the producer cannot be justified by any
rule of equitable reason. With a reduction of
duty to one cent per pound the revenue of the
Government would be largely enhanced, and
would be augmented from less than $200,000
to not less than ยง1,000,000, with the incieased
demand and importation which would inev-
itably follow. As I understand the case, the
present tariff inures exclusively to the benefit
of a few jute manufacturers, ten or twelve in
number, and to a scattered interest in the State
of Kentucky, while atthe same time operating
to paralyze and almost annihilate our com-
merce with the East Indies, (now being soaght
for by reason of the successful competition
afforded by the completion of the Pacifie rail-
road,) besides prejudicing our great staple of
cotton in all the markets of the world by
imposing upon it these unequal, unnecessary,
and unjust burdens.
The home manufacturer will not be injured
by this reduction ; and we have abundant au-
thority to sustain the assertion that even with
the duty fixed at one cent per pound the jute
manufacturer is protected by a profit of at least
forty per cent. Certainly his interests will be
thus perfectly protected; and it is unfair to
impose a burden of over $4,000,000 upon onr
cotton producers, and embarrass their competi-
tion in the marts of the world, when neither
the Government nor any of its citizens are
commensurately benefited thereby. As the
matter now stands, it is a complete loss to the
producer, as well as to the Government in the
loss of revenue, while it benefits no especial or
considerable interest, either of labor or of
manufacture. This is to be especially consid-
ered when we reflect upon the fact that the
labor of the South in cotton raising is now free,
and that the emancipated slave has an inter-
est in this production equal with other classes.
Under this change of our labor system there
are more people and larger communities inter-
ested, who have obtained new rights, and for
whose protection the Government is equally
bound. The freedmen generally cultivate cot-
ton or rent land for its cultivation upon divis-
