1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3983
terrible nuisance and annoyance, and I trust the
House will strike out the whole thing.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask my colleague-towith-
" draw his amendment that I may renew it, in
, order to say a few words on this question.
Mr. WELKER. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew it. It. is a matter
which must address itself to the discretion of
the House of Representatives whether to adopt
any of these amendments or not. So far as
this clause is concerned the committee have
but followed the present law. And so far as
any further reduction of tax than they have
proposed may be concerned, they have but to
impress upon this House the necessity of re-
taining some of the taxes, if we mean to keep
up the public credit.
Now_, in regard to this little matter, it is
impossible to- say how much is derived from
either of these sources. There are some
$15,000,000 derived from the sale of these rev-
enue stamps, but no record is kept of the num-
ber used for one purpose and the number used
for another. But we know that a very large
proportion of the revenue stamps sold consists
of two-cent stamps ; and that is, perhaps, to be
mainly accounted for by the use of them on
bank checks.
Mr. PAINE. I suppose the gentleman
means in number, not in value.
Mr. SCHENCK. Weil, a large proportion in
value. When 1 say a large proportion I do hot
mean in excess of the large stamps, but large,
considering they are only two-cent stamps.
Mr. GrA HFIELD, of Ohio. Three years ago
these stamps amounted to over one million
dollars.
Mr. SCHENCK. These two-cent stamps
amount to a very large sum.
Mr. ALLISON. One million six hundred
thousand dollars; that is, the whole of the
stamps.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Now, before gentlemen
vote on this subject I have hut one suggestion
to mnlce. There is a proposition made to strike
out the whole paragraph. That, 1 apprehend,
will hardly prevail. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Peters] will be satisfied with striking out,
the latter part of it, which relates to checks
dtawn, not on banks, but on persons. My col-
league [Mr. Welker] will be satisfied if the
amount is changed from ten dollars to $100. Jf
you strike out the last paft altogether here will
be one consequence: you will drive many out
of the banks, and every man who has a little
deposit to make will hunt for some merchant
or trader, and keep his deposit with him.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
exactly what I want.
Mr. SCHENCK. Because in the one case
he must pay two cents on his check or order,
and iu the other he will not. Now, if gentle-
men desire to accomplish that, object, as the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
says he docs, this will do it. If you make the
sum $100 instead of ten dollars you will not
see many arrangements of that kind made,
because they will not want to draw for such
large sums ; but if you strike it out altogether,
and let orders go unstamped if upon anybody
but a bank, and that they shall be stamped only
when they are in the shape of bank checks, it
will only result in your having every merchant
and shopkeeper made a depositary of hisneigh-
bofs' money, and you will lose the bank-check
stamp entirely.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I oppose the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio.
These smaller stamps area great annoyance to
the people. Their requirement places a tax
upon every transaction of life, and keeps con-
. .stantly before the minds of the people the pre-
judice there is against this tax. The policy of
this Government from the outset has ever been
to keep taxes out of sight. Hence a revenue
tariff has always been preferred to direct tax-
ation. Now, the fewer items we can tax the
better. 11 is a small business for this Govern-
ment to be peddling two-cent stamps, and as a 1
matter of economy it is a loss to impose these
small taxes on small items. And while we
are engaged in reducing taxes let us reduce
the smaller taxes and leave the larger ones.
Let us have the taxes on legal instruments
and documents that are drawn by attorneys,
where there is more formality about them than
in these small transactions. The people do
not grumble so much at paying those, but upon
these small receipts and checks scattered all
over the country and in places where stamps
are not always within reach, to compel the peo-
ple to go to market and buy two-cent stamps
is beneath the dignity of this Government, and
wo should stop it as soon as possible.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to^ carry his reform in regard to small
stamps into the Post Office Department and
everywhere else?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. No; I do not. We are
not regulating the Post Office Department now.
It is a sufficient reform that we have abolished
the franking privilege there. I do not propose
to go any further.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman's argu-
ment is against requiring stamps on small
transactions.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I hope that in all these
small matters the people will be relieved from
vexation, and 1 favor striking out the whole
section.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted, and
the (irst question is on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Welker] to insert
"§100" in place often dollars."
Mr. STEVENSON. If thatshallbe inserted,
will it still be in order to strike out the entire
clause ?
The SPEAKER. It will bo in order to move
to strike out more than the words which have
been inserted.
The question was taken on Mr. Welker's
amendment ; and it was agreed to.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Peters, to strike out these words:
And for any sum exceeding §100 drawn upon any
other person or persons, eompamos or correlations,
at sight or on demand.
Upon a division, the amendment was agreed
to—ayes VC, noe? 42.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Gkiswold, lo strike out the paragraph a-s
amended.
Mr. GlilSWOLD. Substantially all that I
intended to say has been said by the several
gentlemen who have advocated amendments to
this paragraph; and 1 am glad to find the
almost universal testimony here of the annoy-
ance of these little petty revenue stamps. I am
opposed to them upon the principle that I am
opposed to every other tax where in order to
get one dollar into the public Treasury it costs
the people some where more than twice as much.
Now, we all know, as has been said here,
what is the annoyance of these little two-cent
stamps. All the people are not lawyers ; not
all of thom have revenue stamps always on
hand, and many of them are not always able
to obtain these little stamps. When in addi-
tion to the expense of these stamps you come
to take into consideration the time required
fnr obtaining them and placing them on these
papers, and then canceling them, it will be
found to cost twice as much as the revenue
from it amounts to. It seems lo me we should
strike out the whole paragraph and get rid of
the whole matter at once.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I feel it to be my duty to
call the attention of members of this House-—
and particularly gentlemen on this side of the
House where the responsibility must rest—to
what is being done here. 1 can understand
that, in the game of cutting under, our neigh-
bors upon the other side of the House should
endeavor to get below any of us and cut off all
the taxes. They can do anything that maybe
popular, because they are against the Adminis-
tration, against the Republican party which has
all the responsibility, against letting us, even
if we will assume the responsibility, maintain
thepubliccredit. That is all done in a party
point of view; I mean nothing offensive in
what I say, of course. Now, what is the fact ?
Everybody understands that it is popular to
take taxes off. Everybody understands that
all taxes are more or less annoying. And
nobody can sigh more than I do for that fiiil-
lennium, which I do not expect to live to see,
when we will have no taxes at all to pay.
We have to resort to taxes, ati^ we make
stamps the proof of the payment of certain of
these taxes. The gentleman from Now York,
[Mr. Griswoij),] speaks of these two-cent,
stamps as being particularly annoying. As 1
said before, all taxes are annoying. But these
two-cent stamps have been particularly fruit
ful of revenue. I hold in my hand the table
to which I had not time to refer when I was
interrupted a few moments ago, which shows
the number and value of each denomination
of stamps issued. There were sold last year
altogether of what are called general revenue
stamps embraced in this schedule $12,120,-
637 50 worth. Of proprietory stamps there
were sold $3,741,788 54 worth. Of two-cent
stamps there were used last year 82,773,370
stamps, the aggregate value of which amounted
to $1,055,467 52. No other denomination of
stamps except the dollar stamps and the fifty-
cent stamps, come up to so great an amount
as the two-cent stamps. The two-cent, stamps
produced $1,655,000; the fifty-cent, stamps,
$1,721,000: and the dollarstamps, $1,005,000.
Nearly one sixth of the whole amount derived
from general revenue stamps was derived from
two-cent stamps.
Now, it is the easiest thing in the world for
gentlemen to get up here and by amotion wipe
out a million of revenue here, a million there,
and a million elsewhere. It may be a very
popular thing to do that, and it may be that
we who resist such motions are taking the
unpopular side; but somebody must take that
side if we are going to retain taxes at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. II.is the
gentleman any information as to the cost of
printing these stamps?
Mr. SCHliNCK. I have all the fig', ires here;
hut I cannot at the moment refer to the pre
cise item. The cost, however, is compara-
tively speaking very small, because the stamps
are printed in large sheets.
Now, sir, as 1 was remarking, it may be
unpopular to resist these propositions to take
off taxes, but I want it to be understood that
upon a careful examination of what the Govern-
ment can well afford, we have gone alittle fur-
ther than the Pmssidentthought wo might. He
proposed a reduction of $30,000,000; we have
gone to the extent of §34,000,000. We have
gone much further in the way of reduction of
taxes than the Secretary of the Treasury wishes.
We propose by this bill to take off $34,000,000
of taxation. Prom some source the Govern-
ment must derive enough revenue for its need.s,
and must at the same time be able to meet,
manage, and take care of its liabilities to those
who hold its obligations.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I move the following
as a substitute for the paragraph :
Chock, draft., or order for tlio payment of any sum
of money whatever, drawn upon any bank, banker,
trust company, or any other person or persons, com-
pany or corporation, exccpt hanks or banking com-
panies pavinpr a United States tax on their deposits,
and payable at sight or on demand, two cents.
Mr. Speaker, by a preceding part of this
bill all banks and banking associations are
required lo pay a tax upon their deposits, the
tax being in one case one twenty-fourth of one
per cent, per month, and in the other case one
fourth of one per cent, a month. Now, the
result of requiring that all checks upon banks
shall be taxed is simply to impose a tax upon
money when it is deposited in the bank, and
also a tax upon the same money drawn out
of the bank. It is a sort of double-barreled
arrangement by which the money is actually
taxed twice, it would seem just and fair that
