8040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Springs reservation in Arkansas, asked n con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of th« two
Houses, and luvd appointed Mr. Rice, Mr.
Kdmcnos, and Mr. Hamilton of Maryland,
the conferees on the part ot' the Senate.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed withoutamendment. joint resolution
(H. li. No. 52) for the relief of Albert B.
Winslow, of Portland, Maine.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed House bills of the following
titles, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
Au act (H. It. No. 268) i'orthe relief of Cap-
tain George E. Grisham, of Tennessee; and
An act (II. R. No. 1084) to incorporate the
Washington Market Company.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed joint resolutions and bills
of the following titles, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. II. No. 133) concerning
the pay of customs officers in North Carolina;
Joint resolution (S. It. No. 157) conferring
upon the CourtofClaimsjnrisdiction to hear and
determine the claim of William B. Campbell-;
An act (S. No. 72) granting lands to the
State of Wisconsin to aid in the construction
of the Green Bay and Lake Pepin railway;
An act (S. No. 84) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United
States for the southern district of New York
in the case of the British strainer Labuan ;
An act (S. No. 263) to establish certain
post roads in the State of Alabama, and for
other purposes;
An act (S. No. 455) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Butchers' Benevolent Association of the
District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 460) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Association lor the Improvement of
the Condition of the Poor of the District of
Columbia;
An act (S. No. 509) for the relief of the
inhabitants of Salt Lake City, in the Territory
of Utah;
An act (S. No. 532) to authorize the appoint-
ment of shipping commissioners by the judges
of the several district courts of the United
States, to superintend the shipping and dis-
charging of seamen engaged in merchant ships
belonging to the United States, and for the
further protection of seamen ;
An act (S. No. 569) to provide for the dis-
position of useless military reservations ;
An act (S. No. 583) to incorporate the United
States Aid Association of Washington, District
of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 584) to incorporate the
Island Institute, of Washington, District of
Columbia;
An act (S. No. 610) forthereliefofthe Stock-
bridge and Munsee tribe of Indians, in the :
State of Wisconsin;
An act (S. No. 665) for the relief of William <
H. Harman; and 1
An act (S. No. 674) for the relief of the heirs 1
or legal representatives of George T. Wiggins,
of Keokuk, in the State of Iowa.
tariff bill. |
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the i
House resolve itself into Committee of the :
Whole on the special order.
The motion was agreed to; there being— j
ayes eighty-eight, noes not counted. !
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the i
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re- I
snmed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist- !
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The pending paragraph was read, as fol-
lows :
On all sizes of sheet or plate iron, not glazed or
polished, and not thinner than No. 24 wire gauge,
11 cents per pound; thinnerthan No. 24 wire gauge,
not including taggers' iron, li cents per pound.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the motion of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison,] to strike out the paragraph
which just has been read.
Mr. SCHENCK. This paragraph preserves
the rates of duty precisely as they are uuder
the existing law, making only a slight change
in the classification. But as the proposition
will probably elicit a debate of the same char-
acter as that we had yesterday in regard to class-
ideation, the Committee of Ways and Means
have instructed mo to say that they have no
objection to striking out the paragraph.
Mr. HAY. I move to strike out the pend-
ing paragraph, and in lieu thereof to insert the
following:
On boiler or other plate iron not less than three
sixteenths of an inch in thickness, li cents per pound.
Mr. Chairman, the bill increases the rate of
dutyfrom ljceutato If cents per pound. As the
proposition is to strike out, aud the committee
agree that shall be done, I propose there shall
be a proportionate reduction on the articles
I specified, as hasbeen agreed to upon pigiron and
upon other manufactured iron. My amend-
ment is to reduce the duty in the present law
one quarter of a cent, which will be a propor-
tionate reduction as on other forms of manu-
factured iron.
The committee divided j and there were—
ayes 37, noes 64; no quorum voting. ■
No further .count being demanded, the
amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On iron hoops, and on cotton ties made of hoop
■ iron, eat to lengths, all sixes and descriptions, 2i
cents per pound.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move to strike out "2J"
and insert "1," so the duty will be 1 cent per
pound. Mr. Chairman, this is an entirely new
classification of this material. Cotton ties have
been introduced heretofore under the class of
manufactured iron, as enumerated in the par-
agraph- preceding under the head of hoop iron.
Now, from the 1st of September, 18£8, to the
1st of September, 1869, there were introduced
into this county 15,000 tons of cotton ties,
used expressly in the southern States for the
purpose of putting up cotton bales.. The great
advantage in getting these cotton ties as cheap
as possible is in the fact that they are so much
superior to rope in baling cotton. When ex-
posed to fire the cotton bale bound with iron
ties will not burn, but the fire will pass over it.
The center of the cotton will not take fire.
When bound up with rope, 'when the rope is
burned the whole bale will burst open and the
cotton will of course be entirely consumed.
It is owing to this fact that the insurance on
cotton in transit has been decreased. I ask,
Mr. Chairman, in view of these facts, and in
view of the reduction of duty on pig iron, that
the reduction I propose in this paragraph may
be agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. What is the present duty
on this article?
Mr. BUCKLEY. Thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem even.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to say that when the
Committee of Ways and Means introduced
this bill I was, for one, very glad. The pres-
ent tariff was made when the South had no
representation upon this floor, and I thought
when the committee introduced this bill that
some of the industries of the South would be
protected. But what do we find ? We find in
reference to everything produced in the South !
there has been an effort to bring it in at a lower :
rate of duty, while upon articles we do not I
produce the duty has been very largely in- j
creased. What has been the case with sugar, j
which needs protection if any production of j
this country needs it? The tariff has been
reduced on sugar 33J per cent. And when we
come to the cotton interest we find that the
same effort has been made to depress it. When
we came to cotton bagging, in which cotton is ■
put up, we found the tariff, the enormous duty
of 8 cents put on that article. This is the
tariff which was levied when the South was
not represented in Congress, and when cotton
was at. such a price that we could pay almost
any rate for bagging. When we come to rice
produced at the South we find that the tariff
has been reduced. We have no objection to
lowering the tariff j but I do say that on the
articles not produced in the South we should
have a corresponding redaction. Therefore I
have moved this amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, this pres-
ent rate of duty proposed in the bill for this,
which is in one sense a new article, the com-
mittee have long since concluded was too high,
and came to the conclusion that about 2 cents
would be a fair rate of duty. I was instructed
to offer the amendment which I hold in my
hand, to strike out "one half," which would
reduce it from 2J to 2 cents. I was applied to
by a gentleman from the South representing a
cotton State who desired to move the same
amendment, and I promised to give him tho
opportunity to offer it. I did not intend to
yield to the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Buckley] who has just spoken, but to another
gemtleman frotoi the South ; and it was under
a misapprehension that he in this way got
ahead of the committee. The other gentleman,
also representing a cotton State, was willing to
go for 2 cents. But 1 suppose he will now,
like all the other gentlemen, go for the lowest
rate of duty that may be proposed.
I wish to give a brief explanation in regard
to fhese ties. They are a comparatively recent
but admirable invention, and are used instead
of cording for baling cotton; that is, iron is
used instead of ropes. They are made of hoop
iron. The hoop iron of which these are made
pays, according to the classification, 1£ or If
cents per pound. These cotton-ties, as a manu-
facture from hoop iron, were not known in com-
merce and were just being introduced into the
country at the time of the passage of the last
tariff. By taking hoop iron of a certain class
and cutting it up into lengths, and preparing it-
with what is Called the " arrow tie," a sort of
buckle to draw it around aeotton bale, it ceases
to be hoop iron. It was not described in the
tariff, and it fell Under the general rate of 35
per cent, on manufactured iron unenumera-
ted. The consequence was that a thing which
was really manufactured, but which had been
lately introduced, came in at a less rate of duty
than the kind of iron out of which it was manu-
factured.
Well, then, what the committee propose is,
that as the class of hoop iron from which these
ties are made, as gentlemen themselves de-
scribe it, is a valuable and good class, not made
to the same extent in this country, as they say
there is a demand for it, though there is some
doubt as to that—this article shall come in not
at l£- cents, at which hoop iron comes in, but
that one quarter cent shall be added on it as
manufactured iron. That is all that is pro-
posed. The committee, therefore, have to de-
cide between leaving these cotton-ties to come
in at a lowe rrate of duty as an unenumerated
article, amuch lower rate of duty than the hoop
iron from which they are made, or else, treating
them as they are, as a new manufacture which
has been introduced, charging upon them as a
manufactured article. But all that is proposed
is that one quarter cent shall be added to the
rate of duty above what is laid on what may
be called the raw material, the hoop iron
itself. Therefore we have thought that while
a rate of 2j eents was too high, a rate of 2
cents, being one quarter cent more than the
duty on hoop iron itself, should be the rate of
duty on this article.
calamity at richmond.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to make a most pain-
ful announcement to the House. The court
of appeals of Virginia was this morning to have
given their decision in the case brought to test
the constitutionality of the enabling act re-
cently passed by the Legislature. It was a
case in which great interest was taken, and a
