4928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June "28,
ion of the crop; and the price of necessary
bagging to move their cotton to market is a
matter of great importance to them. While
the demand for protection to home industry is
heard from the iron and other manufacturing
interests, there is now a new home industry in
the South, with larger producing claims than
any other, who require such protection at least
as will not operate otherwise than to increase
thereveuue of thg Government, while it relieves
them from an immense burden.
80 far as gunny-bags are concerned there is
no home manufacture to be protected. These
articles are exclusively used to sack corn, and
the tariff upon them is a burden upon the agri-
culturists of the West and South at once oner-
ous and unnecessary. Agriculture is certainly
entitled to some encouragement as well as man-
ufactures. The proposed change of duty on
gunny-cloth and gunny-bags will not, I am
assured, prejudice the flax manufacturers of the
West, or affect the existing dutyupon burlaps.
The flax product is two fine a fiber to be used
for sacking corn, and is not at all used in the
manufacture of cotton bagging.
While upon the question of tariff it might be
appropriate to add that I favor an entire repeal
ofall duties upon tea and coffee. Carryingout the
English idea, we have always imposed a heavy
dutyupon these articles, presupposing them to
be luxuries. In Great Britain tea and coffee
are still rated as luxuries, owing to the degraded
and ill-paid condition of the laboring classes,
who are debarred from participating largely in
their use. But the day has long since passed
in our happier country when the use of tea and
coffee is confined to the wealthier classes, and
instead of being articles of luxury they are com-
monly consumed by rich and poor alike. As
a necessary consequence, the burden of their
taxation falls heavily upon the masses, and as
they are no longer to be classed, even by infer-
ence, as luxuries, we should, in deference to
the workingmen of our country, who by far out-
number the wealthy class, remove all imposts
upon these articles Of necessity.
The policy of Great Britain may have been
in times past good precedent for the rule of
our taxation; but by the beneficence of free
institutions, free press, free speech, and unre-
stricted franchise we have elevated our labor-
ing classes to a standard of respectability which
can never be reached in monarchies. Hence,
certain commodities which under the prevail-
ingsystem of degraded labor were once beyond
the common reach are now equally demanded
alike by rich and by poor, and arc not consumed
by the wealthy alone. We can well afford to
settle thepolicy of American taxation by impos-
ing taxes to create revenue upon articles
generally understood to bo luxuries. Such
commodities cannot be taxed too high, pro-
vided that articles of the commonest necessity,
such as tea and coffee, be relieved from all
duty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This making
of motions to reduce duties is a happy kind of
business. The redaction of the present tariff
on this article from three to two cents per
pound was made at the instance of the Sen-
ator from Alabama on the Finance Committee,
[Mr. Warner,] and yet we find Senators who
are able to dive deeper. The present rate pro-
posed is merely a revenue duty; it scarcely
rises to protection, and it is no more than
was placed upon the article prior to the war.
There are large portions of the country besides
Kentucky that are interested in the manufac*
lure of these coarse baggings ; Tennessee and
Missouri use up all their low of hemp and
flax for this purpose.
I hardly suppose it is necessary to argue the
question. We cannot spare the revenue. It
would be unjust that wo should strike down
the manufactures of these articles that are
existing in- Tennessee, Missouri, and Ken-
tucky.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama to the amendment of the Finance Com-
mittee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Committee
011 Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert, after line one hundred
and ninety-two, the following proviso :
Provided, That round iron in coils, throe sixteenths
of an inch or loss in diameter, whether coated with
metal or not so coated, and all descriptions of iron
wire, and wire of whioh iron is a component part,
not otherwise specifically enumerated and provided
for, shall pay the samo duty as iron wire, bright,
coppered, or tinned: And provided further, That
steel, commercially known as crinoline, corset, and
hat steel wire, shall pay duty at the rate of nine cents
per pound, and ten per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SCHUItZ. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Finance if this does not increase
the tariff on round iron in coils very essen-
tially ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It simply supplies a defect
in the present tariff.
Mr. SHERMAN. It makes more specific
a provision of the present tariff.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does it not increase the
duty on telegraph wire?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will refer to the Sen-
ator from Vermont; he can explain it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is precisely
the same as wire. There is a new process by
which this small iron is made by rolling, so
that it is not now included in the tariff. This
is merely to supply that omission. The wire
is manufactured as cheaply the one way as the
other. The wire is provided for under the
existing tariff, but iron wire that is rolled is
not provided for. The articles are identical
in value and in appearance.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This is simply to put
rolled wire on the same footing as drawn wire.
That is all.
'The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was on page 97, line two hundred and
one, to insert the following :
On bituminous coal, and shalo, fifty cents for % ton
of twenty-eight bushols, eighty pounds to the bushel.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the chairman of the
committee what the present duty on bituminous
coal is ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me call the attention
of the Senate to this ease. The present duty
on bituminous coal is $1 25aton. Thisamend-
ment proposes a duty of fifty cents. That is
a plain question on which every Senator can
give his vote, I trust, without debate. I hope
we shall have the yeas and nays. I know
the Senators from West Virginia and Pennsyl-
vania desire a vote on it, and I hope we shall
have it by yeas and nays, on inserting this
clause.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not understand the
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on inserting this paragraph.
Mr. CAMERON. Letthe paragraph bo read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall probably vote with
those Senators, but I desire to record my vote
without remark.
Mr. CAMERON. I should rather move to
strike out that clause.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet in
the bill. The question is on inserting it.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall vote against in-
serting it.
Mr. FOWLER. I want to know whether it
will be in order to move an amendment in the
last clause ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The one just
passed upon as to round iron ?
Mr. FOWLER. Yes, sir. Can I move an
amendment to it hereafter?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in
order after the bill is reported to the Senate.
The question is on inserting the paragraph, last
read, on which the Senator from Ohio asks for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VICKERS. I understand from the Sen-
ator from Ohio that his object is to raise rev-
enue, and that the revenues derived from
bituminous coal amount to about $546,000,
with the'duty at $1 25 a ton. Now, to raise
revenue, it is proposed to reduce the duty to
fifty cents! That seems to me a strange way
of raising revenue!
Mr. SHERMAN, I hope my friend will not
address his argument to me, but to some one
who will vote for the reduction. I shall vote
against the reduction.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from Maryland if lie ia in favor of retain-
ing the present duty on coal ?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. At $1 25 a ton ?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BOREMAN. From what quarter this
effort to reduce the duty 011 coal has come I
do not exactly understand. For about half a
century the duty 011 bituminous coal has stood
at what it is at present, or very near that. In
1824 the duty on coal was six cents a bushel,
which, if you make the estimate, you will
ascertain is about one dollar and sixty-eight
cents per ton. It continued at that rate for
some eighteen or twenty years, when it was
increased to about one dollar and seventy-five
cents per ton. A few years after that there
was an ad ■valorem, duty on it, which would be
very nearly equal to that. Thus it appears that
since 1824 the duty upon coal has never been
less than it is now except in 1862, 1863, and
1864, when I believe it was one dollar a ton.
In 1864 it was increased again to $1 25 a ton,
and has continued at that rate until the present
time.
Of course, sir, I do not know what actuated
the members of the committee who voted for
this amendment. The amount of coal im-
ported is not very large. As has been stated
by the Senator from Maryland, the revenue
from imported coal for the past years, 1869-70,
was $546,000. Now, sir, I propose to make
a short statement to show the injustice that
will be brought about if the tariff is reduced
as proposed by this amendment.
Under the reciprocity treaty with the British
provinces coal came into the United States
from Nova Scotia free of duty while that treaty
lasted. It went into effect in 1854. While
that treaty continued in force bituminous coals
were brought in from the British provinces.
All the competition that the bituminous coal
of our country has is from Nova Scotia. The
mines there are nearer to the sea-board; they
have great facilities of transportation, and can
bring coals to our northern cities at probably
a lower rate than those in whose behalf I am
speaking. But the importations even from
that quarter are small, as may be seen by look-
ing at the revenue returns.
The reciprocity treaty was terminated in
1866, and from 18G6 to the present time this
work of mining bituminous coal in the United
States has been prosecuted with more energy,
and much more capital has been invested than
before that time. In my own State, in three
counties, the counties of Preston, Harrison,
and Marion, it has grown to be a large busi-
ness. We transport from these counties to
the northern cities about two hundred and
seventy thousand tons of coal; and I will make
a statement here which, if listened to, will sat-
isfy Senators that by taking off the tariff of
$1 25 a ton you destroy the transportation 01'
coal from those counties.
I am assured from authority upon which I
rely, that it costs about seven dollars and ninety-
cents per ton to mine and transport a ton of
this coal to New Y~orlr, which is the largest
market. Some of it is carried to Boston, and
some sold elsewhere in the New England
States; but the great bulk goes to New York,
