THE. CONGRESSIONAL GIQBE.
February 9,
reject the entire vote. It is not, air, a question
of right between the contending parties which
we are here determining. It is not a question
who shall have the emoluments of this official
position for the current term of Congress; but
it is a question to be fairly considered and
legally determined, what is the will of the
voters of the twenty-first district of Pennsyl-
vania? That will is to control, that wish is to
govern, that desire is to be regarded, unless
this House will take the responsibility of
reversing the decision in favor of one man and
of electing by a vote of this House a man who
had a minority of votes at the polls.
It is said in the report of the majority and
alleged by the gentleman from New York
tMr. Churchill] in his speech, first, as regards
•unbar township, that there were such irreg-
ularities as, rendered the election void and the
choice of the voters in that township uncer-
tain. Why uncertain? Nothing which would be
insufficient to reject the vote of an individual
will constitute a sufficient reason for rejecting
the vote of a township. Nothing which is
insufficient to reject the vote of a township
will authorize the rejection of the vote of a
county. The reason never varies; the num-
bers to whom the reason applies may vary.
But to Dunbar township. It is claimed by
Mr. Covode that several parties voted there
who were challenged, and yet were permitted
to vote by the judges of election without oath.
I accept the suggestion of the gentleman from
New York, [llr. Churchill,] that this is veri-
fied by the record, which I have not exam-
ined, but which I assume to be correct. What
is the right of the parties to this contest if that
be admitted to be so ? First, to determine, if
they can, whether these challenged voters voted
legally or illegally. Second, if they voted ille-
gally, then for whom did they vote? That hav-
ing been determined—for instance, that S15
voted illegally for Foster, and four voted ille-
gally for Covode—then they should b_e deduoted
from the votes cast for those parties in that
proportion. ,
Now what is the case here? While the state-
ment is made that there were voters who were
challenged and yet were allowed to vote with-
out oath, there is nothing in the record to show
that they voted for Mr. Foster or for Mr.
Covode, and no proof denying their legal right
to vote. But grant that they were all illegal
votes and that they all voted for Foster. Then
Strike them from Foster's vote, but do not
therefore disfranchise five hundred or more
legal and rightful voters because. eight or ten
persons joted there who were challenged and
yet were allowed to vote witbQut oath. Those
eight persons are designated; they are known
by name; their votes can be rejected; and if
nothing else will satisfy the dominant majority
here, then deduct all those votes from Mr.
Foster's vote and examine the remainder of
the poll.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Church-
ill] has made a suggestion which I can
adopt, which is this: that where there are
irregularities, those irregularities are fatal to
the party occasioning them, as may be shown
upon an investigation. I adopt that suggestion.
There may be irregularities which will not
affect the result, and which are to be disre-
garded in determining the result. But, if irreg-
ularities exist, which might even affcot the
result of the election, still if it can be shown
thatl caused or occasioned those irregularities,
I cannot complain if they are construed in law
againstme, because lam their author. I accept
that train of reasoning and propose to apply U
to the vote of Dunbar township.
Iri that township I admit that the judges of
election opened .the. polls and received votes
up to ten and e\eyen, o'clock, putting the bal-
lots for State c^did^tes in a hat and those for
county'candidates in a cigar-box, all of which
were after a time placed in the regular ballot-
boxes, which were then obtained. .Now, before
either party can complaia pf that irregularity
it must be shown whether it affect# the result
of this election, whether it originated in any
desire to perpetrate a fraud, ana that the party
complaining of the irregularity did not himselt
connive at or originate the fraud.
Now, lot us examine the history of this case.
Who first complained of that proceeding? I
turn to page 28 of the record of testimony to :
find who farst complained of this irregularity.
What is there shown? A political friend of
Mr. Covode was placed upon the stand as his
friend, and there testified of the proceedings :
which characterized the votes of this township.
His name was Guthrie, and he was asked about
the manner of voting there:
"Question. State all you .know about the manner
in which that oloction was conducted. ,
"Answer. I went to the election and found agood
many people there and no ballot-boxes to bo found
in tho electiOB-hottfle."
This is the first point he makes:
" I wns informed after awhile that they had or gan-
iied and were going to vote, using a hat and a cigar-
box instead of ballot-boxes. I was designated as
one of the challengers to go into the room by the
Republicans. William Speer3 was the. other chal-
lenger—the Democratic challenger."
This man Guthrie thus classes himself as a
Republican, a political friend of Mr. Covode,
and acting as a Republican challenger on that
occasion. He brings forth the fact that the
people were about to proceed under the direc-
tion of the board of judges to vote by depos-
iting their ballots in a hat and a cigar-box,
and he brings this forth as a reason for chal-
lenging that vote. He supplies Mr. Covode
with that part of the ammunition with which
he is making this warfare upon legal voters ;
he challenges the poll for Mr. Covode. This
fact is one which should be examined in con-
nection with a further fact which appears in the
evidence. The suggestion has already been
made by my friena from New York, [Mr.
Churchill,] and I adopt it, that an irregu-
larity occasioned by the party seeking to take
advantage of it is fatal to him. Now, let us
see who did occasion this irregularity. On
page 314 of the evidence this matter of putting
the ballots in a hat and a cigaT-box is fully
explained. We have had Mr. Guthrie in the
complaining attitude. On page 314 we have
Mr. Cramer in an explaining attitude. This
man Cramer is also a Republican, one who
voted for General Grant; a man who voted the
loyal ticket. He had a conversation with Mr.
Guthrie in regard to this matter of complaint.
I read from bis testimony :
" Question. State whether or no you had any con-
versation with James C. Guthrie, of that township,
relative to the ballot-boxes of that election district;
if go, what that conversation was.".
This question wea objected to, in the interest
of Mr. Covode, and I do not wonder at it:
"Answer. I think it wai ab uthalf past ten o'clook
when I want up to the palls."
It is said that this voting continued until
eleven o'clock:
"I was holding Mr. Daniel Rodgera's horse while
he went in to vote. John R. Smith came to me and
asked me if I knew where we hadleft the ballot-box
after the March election, 1868; Mr. Guthrie came
to me and told me not to tell them where the boxes
were: I told Mr. Guthrie that we had left the boxes
with Mr. Sterritt Smith.
" Question. Did you inform tho election board
where those ballot-boxes were left?
"Answer. I did) 1 told them where we bod left
them after the March election, 186S.
" Question. Who left those boxes there ?
"Answer. K. M. Hilt and Isaac Byers: they were
the two inspectors of that election; Mr. Hill's olerk,
apd myself, the other clerk."
This testimony of Mr. Cramer presents a
case calling for the application of the principle
laid down Dy the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Churchill.] The evidence shows, in the
first place, that Guthrie suggested to Cramer
not to tell where the ballot-boxes were. Why
did be give him that advice? Remember that
Dunbar township is largely Democratic in its
voting and has been so all the way through,
as I shall show hereafter. He is the political
friend of Mr. Covode, and must have had
some reason for desiring a brother Republican
to conceal his knowledge of the whereabouts
of the ballot-boxes. The next question and
answer disclose that reason :
" Question. At the time Mr. Guthrio asked you not
to inform the board where the boxes were did he
give any reason for his desire that that should not
be done; if so, what was it?"
Now, here is his reason :
"Answer. He stated to me, while I was holding the
horse, that they were voting in a hat and cigar-box,
and let them go on and vote that way; not to tell'
them where they were; he allowed it would be illegal
for them to vote in that way; he said they could
very easily apset the election by them voting that
way."
Now, where is the suggestion of this irregu-
larity ? Where is the cause of the continuance
of this irregularity ? It is a suggestion worthy
of all consideration that "irregularities occa-
sioned by the party seeking to take advantage
of them are fatal to the party so seeking the
advantage."
Apply it to this case: '1 Mr. Covode, through
your political friends you occasioned an irreg-
ularity of which your friends complain. You
rtfview it upon this floor. The committee re-
port it. 'i'he House finds, however, that your
political friends caused that irregularity, and
says to you, in the eloquent voice of the gen-
tleman from New York,[Mr. Churchill,] that
these irregularities caused by yourself and your
friends are fatal to you, and you are estopped
from making any complaint oil that ground."
Again, sir, let us look at this township of
Dunbar outside of this allegation of irregular-
ity there. I take it, to determine a question
of fact in a correct way, where the testimony
is so nearly evenly balanced, or where, by a
conflict in the testimony, it is impossible for
the jury or the court to determine ultimately
the facts, we should resort to the surrounding
circumstances and ascertain whether the cir-
cumstances existing before and afterward are
consistent with this or that theory in the case.
We should know whether the testimony of
John Smith harmonizes with the preceding
facts or is in conflict with them. If there be
any doubt in the House as to the irregularities
of the vote in Dunbar township and how they
should affect the result let us look at the pre-
] ceding and later votes there in order to determ-
; ine whether there was any absolute fraud
wrought out by these irregularities on the part
of a Republican board of judges. If it be
found that the registered vote was largely
exceeded by the vote cast, then there may
be ground for complaints that throqgh irreg-
ularities parties may have been allowed to
: vote who had no legal right to vote. We
i have abnndant and satisfactory facts on that
poiut. It is certified on this record, on page
144, that the whole registered vote of Dun-
bar township was 705 votes. There were 705
' registered as legal voters in that township, as
legal voters for the election of the 13th of
October, 1868, which registry is certified by
the clerk of the county court. Of those 705
registered legal voters, how many actually
voted ? For Henry D. Foster 375 votes were
cast at that township, and for John Covode 177
: votes. There were 552 votes cast in Dunbar
township at that election out of 705 registered
votes. Instead of the vote actually cast exceed-
ing the registered vote, on tike contrary, it fell
far below the registered vote. On page 144 of
! the record, is the certified statement of the
clerk of the county thaf the registered vote in
Dunbar- township was 705 ; and on page 186
we have a statement of the number of votes
each man actually received. The record shows
a deficiency of 153 of the voting population
below the number of registered legal voters as
shown by the return. Then, sir, is it to be
! assumed that the Democratic party polled all
1 the votes it was legally entitled to, and that the
Republican party fell far below it? If that be
; so, then by whose fault has that party fallen
below ? It has been adjudicated that the mere
| absence of voters from the polls, through will-
ful neglect to vote, or from a disposition not
t9 vote, affords bo right of challenge whatever
