1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2097
directors may make all necessary rules and by-laws
for the issuing «.nd transfer of the stock and general
management of the business of said company.
Sicc. 7. And be it further enacted, Th at this act shall
be enforced from the passage thereof.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That Congress may
at any time hereafter alter or amend or repeal this
net.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
SISTERS OF OCR LADY OF MERCY.
Mr. DAWES. I ask leave to report from
the Committee ou Appropriations a bill for the
relief of the Sisters of Our Lady of Mercy, of
Charleston, South Carolina, and that it be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that in consideration of the services ren-
dered by the Sisters of Our Lady of Mercy
of Charleston, South Carolina, to sick and
wounded Union officers and soldiers while the
said city was under bombardment during the
war, there be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated the sum
of §20,000, to be expended under the direction
of Sister M. Xavier in rebuilding their orphan
asylum in said city.
Mr. 43ENJ AMIN. I raise the point of order
that that bill contains an appropriation, and
must have its first consideration in Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the bill passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to inquire whether, in the shape in which
the gentleman from Massachusetts makes his
motion, one vote would not suspend the rules
and pass the bill?
The SPEAKER. It would. In the way in
which the gentleman has offered his motion it
would only require one vote to suspend the
rules and pass the bill.
Air. SCOFIELD. Debate is not in order I
suppose.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 ask unanimous consent
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] be allowed to explain something about
this bill. I want to vote for it and I know
nothing at all about it.
Mr. DAWES. I will explain it if tho House
will indulge mo. 1 put tho motion in this shape
so as not to consume time,
Mr. McGREW. I object to any explana-
tion.
M\ WOOD. I ask unanimous consent, to
have read the resolutions adopted by the Le-
gislature of the State of South Carolina recom-
mending this appropriation, and the message
of the Governor of the State on the subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object. _
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 40, not voting
04; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam"!. Allison, Archer, Ami-
strong. Atwood, Axtoll.Ayer, Banks, Beatty, Beck,
Bennett. Biggs, Bird, Blair, IJolos, JJowen, Gcorgo
M. Brooks, James Brooks. Buck. Buckley, Butlin-
ton. Burr, Bonjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Conger,
Crobs. Cullom, Dawes, .Dickey, Dickinson, Dockery,
Dox, Eldridge, J^orry, Get2,Gnswold, llaight, Hnld-
eman.Hambloton,Hamilton, Harris,Hawkin;:,
ley, Hay, Hays, Heaton, lleflin, Hoar, iloge, Hol-
man, Hooper, Alexander H. Jones, Kellogg, Kerr,
Kotcham, Knott, JLaflin, Lynch, Mayham,M,i,vnard,
JlcCarthy.McConnicb.McKoe.MoIvenaic. McNecl.v.
Morcur.jSliakimll. Moore, Jesse H. Moore. Morgan,
Muiisen, jNfegley, Nibiar-k, Orth, Packard, Peters,
Piatt, Poland. Potter, Randall, Reading, Ileeves,
Ridgway, Rogers, Itoots, Sargent, Sawyer, Sehcnck,
Hchumakcr, .Lionel A. Sheldon, Shorrod, William
J. Smith, Starkweather,Stovenson,Stokes, Stoufrh-
ton, Strader, Strong, Sivann, Tanner, Tillman/Trim-
ble, Xwichell. Van Horn, Van Tramp, Voorhees,
Cadwalader C. Washburn. W ells, WiUaid, fcugeno
M. Wilson, Witcher, arid Wood—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Aspcr. Beaman, Benja-
min, Boyd, Burchard, Burdett, Churchill, Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Donley, l'arnsyorth,
Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Fisher, KelJey, iielscy,
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 132.
Knapp, Lawroncc, Logan, McG-rew, Milnes, Wil-
liam Moore, Daniel J. Morrcll, O'Neill, Paine,
Perce, Pomeroy, Prosser, Sanford. Porter Sheldon,
Stevens, Tall'e.Xownsend, Tyner, Upson,Voni Wyck,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wilkinson,
Williams, and Winans—40.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Bailey,
Barnum, Benton, Bingham, Booker, Roderick It.
Butler, Cake. Cessna, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb,
Covodc, Cowies, Cox, Davis, Dixon, Duval, Dyer,
Bla, Fitch, Pox, Garfield. Gibson, Gilttllan, Hale,
llamill, Hill, Hotehkiss. Ingersoll, .Tenckes, John-
son, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Lash, Longh-
ndgo. Marshall, .McCrary, Morphis, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrissey, Myers. Packer, Palmer, Phelps,
Porter, liico, Scofield, Shanks, Slocum, John A.
Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Stiles, Stone. Strickland, Sweeney,
Van Auken,Wheeler, JohnT. Wilson, Winchester,
and W oodward—64.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the bill (II. 11. No.
1597) was received and passed.
Mr. BOWEN asked and obtained leave to
have printed in the Globe some remarks he
had prepared upon the bill just passed. [See
Appendix. J
COMMERCE AMONG TIIE STATES.
Mr. NEGLEY. by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. IX. No. 1508) to promote
commerce among tho States and to cheapen
the transportation of the mails and of military
and naval stores; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Railways and Cauals, and ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT JUDU13 OF EASTERN TEXAS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, reported back from the Com-
mitteo oti the Judiciary, with a recommenda-
tion that the same do pass, a bill (11. R. No.
(ill) to facilitate the udiuiiiistiatioii of justice
in tlie Slate of Texas.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Air. BU'J'LIill, of Massachusetts. Upon that
question 1 call for the previous question.
The preamble of the bill states that the pres-
ent incumbent, of tlieollieeof district judge for
the eastern district of the State of Texas is in-
capacitated by sickness and paralysis from per-
forming the duties of his oliice, lias remained
so incapacitated for a long period, and it is
believed that his incapacity is permanent, by
reason of which tho citizens of the United
States have been unable to have their business
transacted in that court, and have consequently
sntfircd great loss and inconvenience. The
bill therefore provides that the resignation of
said judge being tendered to and accepted by
tho President of the United States, the salary
now received by said judge shall be continued
to him duiing his natural life, payable in tile
same manner and form as if he actually per-
formed the duties of his olliee.
Tho previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill; and being taken, upon a division there
were—ayes 07, noes 22; no quorum voting.
Mr. FARNSWOltTEL Would it be proper
to ask unanimous consent of the House that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Di'tlbr]
bo allowed to explain this bill?
I The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
! only, for the previous question is pending.
| Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
I House will bear with me, I will make a statc-
I ment.
No objection was made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Judge
Watrous, the district judge for the eastern dis-
trict of the State of Texas, is a man very ad-
vanced in years. While on the bench in the
performance of his duties some time ago he
was struck with paralysis, and has never since
been able to write or speak, although he can
make his wishes known by means of signs and
movements. He has accumulated no property
whatever, and will not probably resign, because
his salary is his only means of support, unless
some provision be made for him. Under these
circumstances the Committee on the Judiciary
unanimously instructed me to report this bill
back to the House and recommend its pas-
sage, to allow Judge Watrous to resign, and
allow him to continue to draw his salary for
the few remaining years of his life. The only
other way to remove him that I know oi is by
impeachment, and that "would probably cost ton
times if not twenty times the amount of salary
he would receive under this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ Is not this the same
judge in favor of impeaching whom a commit-
tee of this House once reported?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That was
many years ago. I think the committee did
not report in favor of impeaching him; at any
rate he was not impeached by the House. That
was years before, the war.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to mo it
would bo a bad precedent to pass such a bill
as this, offering an officer his salary during hia
life if lie will but resign his office.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There has
been no district court held in this district for
something liko two and a half years, and one
cannot be held as matters now stand there.
This is the only way to remove the difficulty.
I certainly would not agree to give this officer
his salary except that he is utterly paralyzed
and can live but a few years longer in any event.
He cannot support himself without his salary,
and will not resign if no provision is made for
liini.
Mr. POTTER. I am entirely in favor of
the passage of this hill, not at all on account
of Judge Watrous personally, but because I
believe the administration of justice in Texas
imperatively requires that there should bo a
competent judge to hold the courts there, and
because I do not conceive that any other way
can be found in which a judge can be so read-
ily and cheaply obtained to administer justice
there as that proposed by this bill.
No quorum having voted on the passage of
the bill, tellers were ordered; and Mr. But-
ler, of Massachusetts, and Mr. Finkelnbuko
were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes seventy-six, noes not counted.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUILDI2W AND SAVING ASSOCIATIONS.
Mr. GETZ, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1599) relative to the
income tax upon the profits of building and
savings associations; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
MRS. FANNY KELLY.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1G00) to compen-
sate Mrs. Fanny Kelly for important services ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
TREATY WITII SIIA1VNEES, QOAPAWS, ETC.
Mr. CLARKE also, by unanimous consent,
presented a joint resolution (IT. R. No. 205)
explanatory of the provisions of the tenth arti-
cle of the treaty of February 23, 1867, with
the Shawnees, Quapaws, and other Indians;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and, with
accompanying papers ordered, to be printed.
TICE METER.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Whereas, in his annual report, dated November 20,
1869, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue states
that in consequence of doubts which had arisen as to
tho utility in practical use at adistillery of the spirit
meters manufactured and supplied by Isaac B. lice,
