1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4929
It, is sold there at a little over eight dollars per
ton, and for the last four or five years, ever
since the mines in West Virginia have been
worked, it has never sold for over $8 25 per ton.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The five min-
utes of the Senator from West Virginia have
expired.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator one question, and that is, what length
of laud transportation by rail is included in this
account?
Mr. BOREMAN. About three hundred
miles.
Mr. MORTON. By rail?
Mr. BOREMAN. Yea, sir; I would like to
continue my statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senator will continue.
Mr. MORTON. I hope lie will have the
opportunity.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is an
important matter, and he should have the
opportunity to be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the Senator from West Vir-
ginia will proceed.
Mr. BOREMAN. It will bo seen, therefore,
that if you put the sale of coal in New York
at $8 25 a ton, there are but thirty-five cents
over and above the cost of mining and trans-
portation. It is very seldom, however, that it
is sold at that rate. The coal is usually sold at
$8 10, or about that per ton, in the city of New
York.
Alleghany county, Maryland, located some
distance east of our coal-fields—and hence the
transportation of its coal is not so great—sends
about a million and a half tons of coal to
market of a little different character from that
got in West Virginia. Western Pennsylvania
has about double that amount of tons. This
coal, let it be remembered, does not come in
competition with the anthracite coal of the
country. Most of it, at least that which comes
from my State, is used for gas purposes alone ;
so that the masses of the community are not
affected by this tariff one way or the other. I
believe all the coal that is earned from the
mines in West Virginia of which I have spoken
is consumed in the manufacture of gas, and is
purchased by the gas companies of the various
cities from this city east as far as Boston. The
people who consume coal at all use the anthra-
cite coal, which has no competition, and I
believe it is proposed here to strike off the
tariff from anthracite coal entirely.
At all events the figures show that there has
been no anthracite imported into this country.
I believe the total amount of that importation
was six dollars' worth during the past year
according to the official report, which shows
that there is no competition in anthracite coal,
so that whether this tariff remains on bitumin-
ous coal or is taken off it does not affect the
mass of the community. The Cumberland coal
is used principally in the making of steam in
manufacturing establishments, railroads, &c.,
so that in fact the tariff on bituminous coal
affects simply the manufacture of gas, and those
manufacturing establishments that are run by
steam, and the railroads, &c.
Now, sir. I wish to refer to another matter.
I affirm here that the history^of the importa-
tion of coal and its sale in the North will satisfy
any gentleman who will examine it that the
taking off the tariff will not reduce the price
of coal ill the northern cities; but the figures
show that when the reciprocity treaty with Can-
ada was in force coal was higher in price than
it. is to-day. The reciprocity treaty was in
force from 1854 to 18CC, twelve years; and
there was no duly on Nova Scotia coal for that,
long period. During the war West Virginia,
Maryland, and Pennsylvania could not com-
pete with whatever coal was imported from the
British provinces. In consequence of the war
our great railroad, the Baltimore and Ohio, by
which we transport our coal, was torn up fro-
41st Cong, 2d Sjks.—No. 309.
quently, and was so interrupted that we could
not use it; and so it was with the Maryland
coal, and 1 apprehend the same cause operated
to some extent as to the coal of western Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ? I understand him to
make his point that the profit on coal shipped
from West Virginia to the eastern cities is less
than the amount of the duty? Am I correct?
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir; it is hardly one
third of it on the average.
Mr. MORTON. I ask further whether the
importation of foreign coal interferes at all
with the coal trade from West Virginia down
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers ?
Mr. BOREMAN. It does not. I confined
myself exclusively to the coal which is trans-
ported from West Virginia for gas purposes.
If it was ordinary coal, if this coal transported
from West Virginia, western Pennsylvania,
and Maryland, was used for ordinary purposes
in families and by the mass of the community,
I apprehend its mining would not have been
prosecuted to the extent that it is, and in my
region of country probably the mines would
not have been opened; but it is a peculiar
species of coal, which is better for manufac-
turing gas than any in the United States.
But I was going to refer to the fact that when
there was no tariff on it coal cost more in the
northern cities than it does now when we have
a tariff of $1 25 a ton. I have the figures,
and they show what the capitalists who own
the mines in the British provinces do when
they are not met by competition from our own
country, and it is only an example of what we
may see in regard to other articles which are
affected by the tariff laws.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend from West
Virginia will allow roe, I would like to ascer-
tain what the sense of the Senate in regard to
havinganeveningsessionis. ["No!" "No!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from West Virginia yield?
Mr. BOREMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 simply wish to submit
a motion that the Senate now take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not to-night. We
were here until near midnight last night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I leave it entirely to the
Senate. I am as wearied as any one.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let the question be put
and voted down. That will settle it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only want to get the
sense of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us sit until five o'clock,
or after.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator insist on his motion ? ["No!" "No!''
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir ; I see everybody
is tired, and I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate that to-morrow the hour
of meeting will be eleven o'clock, unless by
unanimous consent it should be ordered other-
wise.
Mr. OSBORN. I wish to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote taken on the amendment
to the Atlantic and Pacific railroad bill offered
by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will j
be entered. The Senator from West Virginia .
will proceed. j
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not propose to argue )
this subject at length. I am simply making a ;
statement of facts which I think are sufficient i,
without an effort at argument. p
While the reciprocity treaty was m force in j
1863, 1804, and 18G5, we find that coal sold in i;
Boston, in 1803, at eight dollars a ton ; in 186-1, :
from eight dollars to fourteen dollars per ton ; ;
in 1805^ from $10 25 to eighteen dollars per ,
ton. It got up as high as eighteen dollars^a :
ton when there was no duty upon it. In 18GG i
it ranged from $7 12 to §>9 50 a ton. In 1808 j
the price ranged from §7 12 to $9 50; ia 1809, >
from $7 75 to §8 25 a ton. To-day, I believe,
from the information I have, the price of coal
is less in New York and less in Boston than
the figures I have given.
So, it will be seen, as I stated before, that
when there was no competition, while the war
was going on, and when there was no duty
upon this coal, it sold at one time at one hun-
dred per cent, higher than it sells at to-day.
There is one further aspect of this matter
which I wish to present, and then I will leave
it to the Senate to vote on the question. The
capitalists who have invested their money in
West Virginia and in Maryland and in western
Pennsylvania for the purpose of getting out
this coal to be transported to the sea-board
have been stimulated to that course by the
tariff which was in existence when they made
their investments. While I say that when there
was no tariff the price of coal was higher in
the northern cities than it has been since the
tariff is in existence, that does not militate
against the force of the statement I am now-
making. We desire this tariff retained, not
simply for the tariff itself, but as a regulator;
it will prevent this coal from going down, as
would be the case no doubt for six months or
a year after the tariff was reduced or taken off
entirely. Then the capitalists who own the
mines in Nova Scotia would put down the
price to such a point that we could not mine at
all; we could not afford to transport it to the
sea-board. That will no doubt bo the tactics
of those who own the mines in the British prov-
inces; at all events, that i3 what we appre-
hend, and that is what we want to guard against.
Therefore we wish the existence of this tariff
as a protection, as a security that those bring-
ing in coal from the British provinces may not
be able to mine and transport it, and compete
at a lower rate than we can afford to bring out-
coal to the sea-board.
Stimulated by this tariff, I say capitalists have
invested nearly one hundred million dollars in
West Virginia, Maryland, and western Pennsyl-
vania. In the three counties of my own State
that I have mentioned there are about four
or five million dollars invested in mining of
this particular character of coal. In Alle-
ghany county, Maryland, I understand there
are about thirty million dollars invested in
this same work, and in western Pennsylvania,
which will be affected by the reduction of the
tariff, about sixty million dollars, making very
nearly one hundred million dollars altogether.
In my own State there are about twelve hun-
dred laborers employed, who, taking the usual
estimate for their families, would represent
about six thousand persons ; in Maryland about
twice that number, and in western Pennsyl-
vania a much larger number. There are in
all nearly one hundred thousand persons that
are dependent for their support upon the min-
ing of coal which is to be affected by the re-
duction of this tariff. It is not simply to be
affected by it, it is to be destroyed ; for, as I
have shown by the statement I havemacte, the
mining of coal for transportation east must
cease if this tariff is reduced to what is pro-
posed in this amendment.
Whence does this movement come? lean
only imagine whence this movement to reduce
the tariff which has stood for fifty years comes.
I fear that it comes from New England ; that
it comes from our friends in the East who have
been calling upon us for the last half century
to protect their manufactures, to protect ail
their interests by duties ; not simply for rev-
enue, but for protection. If lam correct in my
imaginings on that point, it is the unkindest
cut of all that a little interest, such as this is,
shall be stricken down by those of our fiiencb;
who have always sought protection at the hands
of the Congress of the United States.
I wish to say to these gentlemen one or two
words more, and I shall not trouble the Senate
farther. The people whom I represent here
have been actuated up to this time upon this
