1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1153
to the party who might have had the benefit of
their votes had they been cast.
Now, sir, having reviewed so far as I deem
material the condition of Dunbar township
anil the surrounding circumstances, I come to
the Youngstown district. I submit and admit
that the reasons urged against the vote in
the Youngstown district have more of plaus-
ibility, more of support in reason by far than
those urged against the vote in Dunbar town-
ship ; yet I think that an analysis of the facts
alleged against the legality of the votes in the
Youngstown district will convince and satisfy
the House there is no legal reason for the rejec-
tion ot' the whole returns from that district.
Whatever reasons have been urged and alleged,
there was an irregularity here on the part of
the assessor, whose duty it is presumed to be,
so mauy days before the time of opening the
polls, to perfect his assessment of taxes against
the legal voters in his district. It is his duty
to do it. Heavy penalties are denounced against
him for failing to do it. Having made his assess-
ment of "taxables," the judges of election
made it the authentic register by which the vot-
ing was to be regulated. Now, sir, what is the
intent of this provision? What interest is it
intended to secure and guard? When you find
the intent of an act you will have no difficulty
to discover the scope and extent of it.
What is this, then, but a financial measure,
looking to the resources of the county, to the
revenue of the State, to the due payment of
taxes by the citizens ? What is it beyond that?
It is admitted to be a part of the revenue sys-
tem of the State. It is perhaps a necessary
part of it. But, if the assessor, without any
fault on the part of the voters, and without any
fault on the part of the election judges ; if the
officer designated and required by law to pre-
pare a copy of a certain list shall neglect that
duty and fail to perform it, is a whole voting
district, or a whole cou nty, or it may be a whole
State, to be disfranchised because of the omis-
sion of one officer to perform a particular duty
which is not at all necessary or material to be
performed, as regards the due conducting of
an election? I hope this House will sanction
no such position as this.
It is true that the officer did neglect to make
and hand over to the election officers the offi-
cial list, or rather a copy of the official list, he
had prepared. The law required him to make
one copy of the list, to be posted in a conspic-
uous place, and another to be delivered to the
election officers, to be a guide to them in con-
ducting the election. The officer did place one
copy of the list on the wall of the house where
the election was held, but he failed to send
another to the board of judges. I would ask
gentlemen, then, what they would have done in
that case had they been on the board of judges ?
Would you have treated this omission by the
assessor as a sufficient cause for preventing the
election; or would you not have said, "in the
absence of the copy, we will take a still better
guide, the original list ?'' In this case the elec-
tion officers took the list which had been posted,
and which was at least equally authentic with
the absent copy, and thereby got what we hold
was not necessary to enable them to conduct
a legal and valid election. The result of the
poll in that voting district was that Mr. Foster
goHhere a large majority.
Now, that is the irregularity complained of.
That is in the main the point upon which they
base their effort to strike out the vote of this
district. But, Mr. Speaker, I say that if we
take other voting places where Mr. Corode got
a majority of votes we will find the same irreg-
ularity and even a greater irregularity in regard
to assessment. But if it be held that this irreg-
ularity is fatal to the vote of Youngstown dis-
trict, then it follows that an assessor may at will
disfranchise a district in the interest of his party
by merely failing to perform a ministerial duty.
And I forgot to say, while talking about Dun-
bar township, that if the majority of the com-
mittee had examined one side of the case as
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No
73.
closely as they did the other, they would have
found that in the district where there was a
large majority for Covode, not only did they
commence to put the votes in a hat, but they
continued to do so during the whole day, and
counted out for Covode a large majority.
* Against this the majority of the committee has
made no complaint. Why this one-sidedness,
which makes them ready to detect and pounce
upon a little irregularity in a precinct which
gives to Foster a majority, while they either
fail to see, or, seeing, ignore more material
irregularities where they were for the benefit
of Covode? Why it was, or how it was, is for
them to explain and not for me to say.
I desire gentlemen to bear in mind that it
is nowhere alleged in this record that any of
these parties who voted were illegal voters. It
is nowhere alleged that these votes are viti-
ated except as an incident of the irregularity
which the majority of the committee claim to
have been occasioned by the assessor of the
district. But as their right to be assessed and
i to vote is not denied, I claim that such right
i to vote could not be affected by the act or the
J neglect of any other party. And all that is
; claimed on the other side is that the failure of
a ministerial officer to perform a certain act
; disfranchised the voters of that district. They
admit that otherwise their votes would have
been regular and legal.
j But let us for a moment analyze the vote in
the Youngstown district. If it be true that for
any reason 77, or 100, or any other number
of illegal votes were polled by persons who
were not entitled to vote in that district, the
total vote therein would be to that extent in
excess of former votes; that is a clear point
for consideration. Now, what has been the
vote of Youngstown district on occasions pre-
ceding this? In 1866, as appears here on the
record, the total vote polled in Youngstown was
362. In 1867 the total vote polled was 283. In
1868, at the election here complained of, the
total vote polled was 390. Analyzing these
figures, we find that in 1866 the vote exceeded
that of 1867 by 139, while the vote of 1868
exceeded that of 1866 by only 28, being a much
less proportion than that in which former votes
exceeded others.
Is it unnatural that in two years a district
polling that number of aggregate votes should
have increased its legal vote to the extent of
28, or that the increse from 1866 to 1868 was
the sum total of 28 votes? I remark, in pass-
ing, that those 28 votes were distributed in just
about equal proportions to their balance of
power as shown in the preceding election. Let
us look at the vote for President in that Youngs-
town district only three weeks after the election
which is complained of. The election was held
in the same district, under the same law, and
under the same regulations. At the October
election in 1868 the entire vote was 390, and
at the November election in the same year, in
the presidential election, the entire vote was
397, being an excess of 7 votes over the vote
they say was excessive only three weeks pre-
ceding.
Now, let us compare the majorities in Octo-
ber and November one with the other, for I
assume without challenge that the vote in the
November election of 1868 was right, proper,
and legal. In Octobef there were given at this
poll for Mr. Foster 280 votes and for Mr. Covode
110, giving a majority of 170 for Foster. How
was it in the November election between the
presidential candidates ? Seymour received 284
votes, four more than Foster received three
weeks before ; and Grant received 113 votes,
being three more than Covode received three
weeks before. Foster's majority over Covode
was 170 and Seymour's majority over Grant
was 171, showing that the party majority in the
district increased but one vote in November
over and above the majority in October, and
that in an increase of seven votes three went
to Grant and four to Seymour. What, then,
becomes of the charge that there is evidence
of fraud in the Youngstown district by reason
of an increase in the total vote ? Does not the
charge that there was an excess of votes at
this poll, and that that excess was illegal and
wrong, vanish before this comparison of the two
votes by which it is shown that the vote at the
later election came up to the same point, and
shows about the same party majority as the
election about which complaint has been made?
I turn now to the vote of Fairfield township,
in which illegal Democratic voting is charged.
Let me analyze that for a moment. In 18G6
the vote for Governor was: for Geary, Repub-
lican, 193; for Clymer, Democrat, 104, being
a majority for Geary, the Republican candi-
date, ot 89 votes. In 1867, at the election for
supreme judge, the people at that voting pre-
cinct gave Williams, Republican, 142 votes,
and Sharswood, Democrat, 90 votes, showing
a Republican majority of 52, as compared with
the majority of 89 at the preceding election.
In 1868 Covode received 219 votes and Foster
128, showing a majority for Covode of 91 in
1868, against 89 in 1866 and 52 in 1867; yet
because his majority was only 91 these gen-
tlemen complain that illegal Democratic votes
! must have been cast for Mr. Foster.
| But, sir, I pass from a comparison of the
votes of districts, townships, and precincts to
i a comparison of the vote of the whole district,
j and I will show to this House what is the sub-
stantial basis of Mr. Covode's complaint in so
far as he makes any complaint of the voters of
that district. And I will state, preparatory to
1 that, that if my friends upon the other side of
; this question will examine this record you will
; find that it boils down to this: not that the
] complaint is against the Democratic party in
: this district, composed of three counties, but
that the force and effect of his charge rests
j upon you, the majority of this House, and upon
the Republican " legal" voters of the twenty-
first district of Pennsylvania, " laboring in the
interests of God and humanity." What are the
facts, as shown in this vote ? I assume, the
contrary not being shown at all, that the men
who vote the Republican ticket vote the whole
of it, and that men who vote the Democratic
ticket vote the whole of it. I assume that as a
rule by which to try every case until exceptions
are brought to my notice. This case brings
numerous exceptions to my notice, and when
you examine the record you will find that this
is a complaint against your party, not ours.
At the election in 1868, when Foster was
elected by 41 majority, as shown in the returns,
other men were candidates for office and were
voted for at the same polls and by the same
persons, and the result of that vote was as fol-
lows : in the election in October, 1868, in the
whole district Hartranft, the Republican can-
didate for auditor, x-eceived 13,922 votes, while
Boyle, the Democratic candidate, who lived in
the district and had personal influence there,
received 13,643 votes; showing that the Repub-
lican candidate for auditor of the State beat
the Democratic candidate, who resided in the
district, 279 votes, and showing to that extent,
if you please, that those three counties of Indi-
ana, Westmoreland, and Fayette had a majority
of voters who voted the Republican ticket.
Now, if the Democrats stuffed the ballot-
boxes, produced illegal voters, and imported
voters from abroad, the result of those cor-
rupt measures would have carried the district
for Mr. Boyle to the same extent that it is
said to have carried it for Foster. But in the
fact that one Republican candidate carried it
and Covode did not I find but one solution,
and that solution is either the personal unpop-
ularity of John Covode or the greater personal
popularity of Henry D. Foster. Take it which
way you will, the fact stands before you that
it was Republican votes in that district which
aided to give Foster's alleged and reported
majority of 41. Against that result, produced
by Mr. Covode's own political friends, Mr.
Covode complains; and the majority of the
Committee of Elections echo that complaint,
