2098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 21,
under an order or contract made by Mr. Commis-
sioner Rollins, September 17,186s, he had appointed
a committee to make certain examinations and con-
duct certain experiments for the purpose of ascer-
taining in how tar those doubts were well founded;
and whereas it is understood that the committee
thus appointed has reported to him the results of
those examinations and experiments; and whereas
other testimony is on file in the office of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue upon the subject of said
meters: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to communioate to this House copies of
the report or reports so made, together with such
other testimony and any other information which in
his opinion, or in the opinion ot the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, ought to bo in the possession of
this body, and any facts or views which will tend to
indicate to Congress what further legislation, if any,
may be nccessary for the purpose of providing the best
method, by any mechanical device, for ascertaining
the actual aggregate production of distilled spirits
liable to taxation throughout the United States.
Mr. BECK. I object.
Mr, ALLISON. 1 hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will withdraw his objection.
Mr. BECK. I have only objected because I
do not understand the object of the resolution.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire that the informa-
tion shall be reported to the House ; and then
the gentleman from Kentucky may make any
motion he pleases with reference to it.
Mr. BECK. If the gentleman will make a
statement of the objcct of calling for this in-
formation I shall be glad to hear the statement.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand that there are
objections made as to the effectiveness of the
Tice meter. This resolution provides that all
information on that subject shall be communi-
cated to the House ; and then the House can
take such action upon the subject as it may
deem proper. This morning I called upon tine
Commissioner of Internal Kevenue, who in-
formed me that he could furnish all this in form-
ation. I think we oughtto haveit. My opinion
with reference to this matter does not differ,
I think, from that of the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw my objection.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the regular order.
Mr. SCHENCIv. Before submitting a report
which 1 propose to presentfrom the Committee
of Ways and Means, I desire to say that as soon
as 1 have disposed of severalmatterswith which
I am charged, I shall move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the special order. Preliminary to that, how-
ever, I shall ask the House to order that all
general debate on the tariff bill terminate in
one hour after the House shall go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on next Thursday morning.
I shall also, under the instructions of the com-
mittee, ask the House to order night sessions
in the interim. Although nobody came on Sat-
urday, we propose to try the experiment of at
least one night session. In any event, the com-
mittee think it iinpoitant to close debate upon
the bill at as early a time as thatl have indicated.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to put a question to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. 1 have heard it said repeatedly that
it is the purpose of the committee to withhold
the funding bill until the tariff bill shall be dis-
posed of. I ask the gentleman whether that
is true ?
Mr. SCHENCIv. The committee have de-
cided nothing of that kind. We are at work
on the funding bill in all the leisure moments
we get. hearing deputations from banks and
other citizens on the subject. We expect to be
ready to make a report at an early day, and
when we are ready we will make our report,
whether the tariff bill be through or not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man will yield to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kei.sey] calls for the regular order
of business.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman from
New York to withdraw his call for tbe regular
order.of business for a few moments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. I wish to introduce a
resolution of inquiry.
The SPEAKER. It, is not within the power
of the gentleman from Ohio to yield, as the
gentleman from New York has called for the
regular order of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. The regular order of busi-
ness is called and I must proceed.
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw the demand for
the regular order of business.
Mr. CONGER. I renew the demand for the
regular order of business.
state bonds held in trust.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I report
back from the Committee of Ways and Means
Senate bill No. 441, prescribing the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury in certain cases
therein named, with an amendment. It was
reported back the other day, but at the request
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
it was recommitted in order to be printed on
account of some other objection. I understand
he makes no further objection.
The bill, which was read, provides that
whenever any State shall have been or may
be in default in the payment of interest or
principal on investments in its stocks or bonds
held by the United States in trust, it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
retain the whole, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, of any moneys duo on any ac-
count from the United States to such State,
and to apply the same to the payment of such
principal and interest, or either, or to the re-
imbursement, with interest thereon, of moneys
advanced by the United States on account of
interest duo to such stocks or bonds.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out in line three the words " its stocks
or bonds," and insert in lieu thereof " stock or
bonds issued or guarantied by said State, and.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed. |
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
expenditures on public buildings.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent,
before moving to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the tariff
bill, to submit for consideration at this time
the following resolution:
JRciolvcd, That the Committee on Expenditures on
the Public Buildings be, and hereby is, directed to
investigate the manner in which the expenditures
are made on public buildings, particularly those
under the direction of the supervising architect of
the Treasury Department, with power to send for per-
sons and papers, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Itrustmycol-
league will state the grounds on which he founds
his resolution. I make this suggestion not be-
cause I know anything, but for the reason we
are entitled to some explanation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the Clerk to read a
letter which I send up to his desk ;
The Clerk read as follows:
treasury department,
office op sctpervisixs architect,
march 15,1870.
sir: Will you oblige mo by demanding in my be-
half an investigation into the charges made against
mein thedebateyesterday; and also into the manner
in which I have conduetcd my office, and into every
contract made by me or under my supervision ?
I neither fear investigation, nor shall I resign to
escape it. _
Vcry respectfully, A. B. MULLET,
Supervising Architect.
Hon. robert C. schenck.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
resolution read by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. SchexckV]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio will allow the terms of his
resolution to be made as broad as possible.
Let the committee inquire into the manner in
which this office is and has been conducted,
embracing not only the expenditures on public
buildings, but expenditures in the manufacture
of furniture, and so on. I wish the committee
to inquire whether some $90,000 have not been
taken from the loan fund—the fund appropri-
ated for the loan branch of the Treasury—and
applied to the furnishing of the Treasury De-
partment? I wish the committee to inquire
how much has been paid for certain mirrois,-
where they now are, whether some have not
been used to furnish private houses, and
whether any have been lost.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not yield further to
the gentleman. As this is a proposition to
have an investigation any attempt to prejudice
the case, either by question and answer or by
assertion, is wrong. I am willing to make tlie
resolution broad enough to cover everything.
That is the desire of the officer implicated, as
well as my own. If the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farxsworth] will offer any language that
will cover anything I am ready to accept it,
for that is the idea I have in view.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire that there
should be added to the resolution some sucli
words as these: "and that the committee in-
quire whether more money has been expended
in the conduct of the office than has been appro-
priated by Congress; and if so, how much."
Mr. SCHENCK. " Andgenerally inquireinto
the manner of conducting the office."
Mr. FARNSWORTH, And also whether
funds have been taken from the appropriations
for a loan for the supply of furniture, &c.
Mr. SCHENCIv. That will come in under
the general language; let it be an inquiry gen-
erally into the manner 111 which the office is
conducted. I move to amend by adding the
words " and generally into the manner in which
he has conducted the office."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of 0'hio. I desire to make
a suggestion to my colleague, [Mr. Schsnck,]
which I hope he will adopt. I hope he will
change his resolution so as to refer the matter
to the committee he has in view, directing
them to inquire whether it is necessary in
their judgment to make the investigation, and
if so to report accordingly to the House. In
that case it would then be time enough for the
House to instruct the committee to go on with
the investigation. I make this suggestion not
only with the view of having it carried out in
the present instance, but of saying thatl hope
we will change our modes of procedure in
this House so that hereafter no investigation
which goes to the extent of sending for per-
sons and papers and summoning witnesses^hall
be made except on the report of some com-
mittee that such an investigation ought to be
made. Some gentleman rises in this House
and proposes to investigate something. Per-
haps the investigation will cost $100,000, or
$50,000, or it may be less. If I get up to
oppose the investigation I put myself in a posi-
tion of having it supposed that I do not want
the thing investigated, while it may be that I
am simply of opinion that the game is not
worth the candle, and that the investigation,
if gone into in all its fullness, will not bring
out results worth half the costs of making it.
Under the present system it is a very delicate
matter for a gentleman to get up and vote
against an investigation when proposed. In
doing so he must place himself under sus-
picion. Tt seems to me that it would be well
to make a rule that whenever a member pro-
poses an investigation which requires the send
ing for persons and papers the matter should,
in the first place, go to a committee, with
a view to the committee reporting whether
there should bean investigation. If the com-
mittee should so report, then the House could
act, voting yea or nay on the proposition.
And, as setting an example of what it appears
to me ought to be the role, I ask my colleague
