1154
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
asking the Honse itself to listen to his com-
plaining tone and afford to him personal relief
by reversing the result so wrought ont. Yield
to his wishes if you will; and after you shall
have made his complaint good by reversing
that majority, by sustaining the report of the
majority of the Committee of Elections, seat-
ing Mr. Covode on this floor as a member—
after you have done all that, then introduce a,nd
pass through both Houses of Congress a joint
resolution, that whenever at any election it shall
appear that the Republican party has a major-
ity in any particular district it shall be held
that all the Republican voters in that district
voted for all the Republican candidates, who
shall b*e thereupon declared to be elected, if not
by the voters of the district, then by the House
of Representatives.
Now, an analysis of the results at elections in
this district shows that Mr. Foster got an excess
over Boyle of 164 votes. Mr. Boyle received
13,643 votes, whereas Covode received 156
votes less than Hartranft at the same poll. Hart-
ranft, the Republican candidate for auditor, re-
ceived 13,922, which was 156 votes more than
John Covode received at the same polls. What,
then, is disclosed by this analysis? That John
Covode ran behind his ticket 156 votes and that
Henry D. Foster ran ahead" of his ticket 164
votes.
Now the defeated candidate comes here and
saystothis House, "May it please your honors,
I was a candidate at the election in question,
bnt was defeated; my people would not vote
for me, but preferred to vote for my antagonist,
because they respected him and desired to have
him represent them here. Now I appeal to you
for i-elief against that state of things." If you
heed that call for relief, then pass a joint reso-
lution such as I have suggested, and let it be
understood hereafter that no Democratic candi-
date shall be permitted to receive and count
votes from the opposite party under any cir-
cumstances.
But further, let us look at the vote of this
district one year later than the time about
which Mr. Covode is now complaining here.
An examination of the record shows this result
in that district last year: in 1869 Mr. Packer
received 12,474 votes for Governor as the
Democratic candidate, and Mr. Geary re-
ceived 12,195 votes as the Republican candi-
date, leaving the Democratic candidate with
a majority of 279 in the same three counties
which constitute the twenty-first congressional
district of the State of Pennsylvania. That is
a vindication of the fact which I here allege,
and I allege it in view of the record and the
wishes of the jieople as disclpsed in that rec-
ord, that this is substantially and in faet a
Democratic district; and you cannot reverse
that fact by any decision which you may make
upon this floor.
Mr. Foster received 41 votes in this district
in 1868 over his competitor, and in 1869 Mr.
Packer received 269 votes over his competitor.
Reverse that last vote, and then you may have
some pretext for going back and reversing the
first vote.
Now, sir, there are many points of detail in
this case which I might have examined if I had
had time. I have been compelled to devote
considerable time to, other cases more particu-
larly. I will only submit to this House a state-
ment of general principles, without examining
this vote with a microscope or going out after
that vote with a search-warrant; without regard
to that detailed examination which is rendered
necessary to work out the result here desired
by the majority, and not disfranchise a whole
poll. Without resorting to that, I propose to
look at the work as presented, to the wishes
of the people as expressed in this case, and to
the reasons assigned for disfranchising the
people of this district.
. fnpse being the facts stan ding plainly before
the House ^incontroverted, I ask whether there
l8foT- c'ent reason for rejecting a majority
of 200, in one place, for Mr. Foster, and no
reason whatever for throwing ont a smaller
vote for Mr. Covode npon the same facts in
another place? I ask the House to take in
view all the facts and surroundings of this
case; to consider the full history of the case
from its inception until the present time; to
remember that a vacancy has been existing-
here by the will of the majority on this floor.
I ask the House to take in view the whole
case", and decide whether a majority of 41 for
Mr. Foster shall stand as the will of the people
and as the judgment of this House, or whether
we shall, by disregarding the law and the facts,
overthrow that majority of 41 and seat in this
House, as a member, a man who ran 164
behind his ticket ?
If this be done I ask gentlemen to remember
that the responsibility is just as great, the error
and fraud just as glaring, as though we should
disfranchise 41,000 voters of a State instead
of 41 of a district. Forty-one voters are as
much entitled to the expression of their wish,
are as fully entitled in law to have their will
regarded, as would be 4,000 or 40,000 of the
voting population of the United States. I ask
the House to decide this case according to
justice; to measure it by the rule which my
friend from New York has laid down, that
irregularities perpetrated or caused by a party
are fatal to him, and that he is estopped from
complainingof them. I ask the House to decide
this case according to the rules of law and the
precedents established in previous cases on this
floor. Deciding the case in this way, this ma-
jority of 41 will, I am satisfied, be effective to
seat Mr. Foster as a Representative from the
twenty-first district of the State of Pennsyl-
vania.
I desir£ to disclaim any intention to impute
any neglect to the majority of the committee
iu the examination of this case. True it is that
in glancing through it I find some material
facts stated by the minority which have not
been noticed in the report of the majority.
Even if I did not know the gentlemen consti-
tuting the majority of the committee well
enough to be able and willing and anxious, if
need be, to speak for their honesty personally
in every respect, I know upon general princi-
ples that in reporting this case they have acted
upon their best light and knowledge; for are
they not, by a recent decision of this House,
judges, acting as though under a special oath
in each case? And besides, being judges, lijfe
they not all, all, honorable men ? They have
in this case acted, beyond all doubt, according
to their best information. The facts are be-
fore the House. All I ask is, that regardless
of either report, the case be determined by
members npon an intelligent examination of
the facts as exhibited in the record, and that
such a decision be made as will be a safe pre-
cedent hereafter for either or both parties.
I yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stiles.]
* JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on the Judiciary a
bill (H. R. No. 80) to amend an act entitled
"An act relating to habeas corpus, and regu-
lating judicial proceedings in certain cases,"
approved March 11, 1866 ; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
POST OFFICES IN NEW YORK AND BOSTON.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, testimony in reference
to NewYork and Boston post office buildings ;
which was ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
requested the House of Representatives to re-
turn to the Senate the bill (S. No. 466) for the-
relief of the owners of the brig Ocean Belle,
which was yesterday passed by the Senate and
sent to the House for concurrence.
No objection was made; and the request of
the Senate was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST—COVODE VS. FOSTER.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to
have some intimation from the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Churchill] as to how much
further time we are to be allowed for the dis-
cussion of this case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will give his
understanding of the matter as it has been al-
ready arranged. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr, Randall] was allowed half an
hour, and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Burr] an hour. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania left five minutes of his time unexpired,
aiyi the gentleman from Illinois eight minutes.
If there is no objection the Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stiles]
as entitled to thirteen minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. STILES. Is that all the gentleman
allows ?
Mr. CHURCHILL. That will give two and
a half hours to gentlemen on the other side,
while but an hour and five minutes have been
eonsumed by gentlemen on this side of the
House. We think that is all the time that can
be afforded by the House for the purpose of
this discussion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has thirteen minutes.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, one of the
parties to this contest is now upon this floor
importuning his party friends for a decision
which will give to him the rights and privi-
leges belonging to any one now occupying
these seats. The other party contestant is
absent, after appearing here upon several occa-
sions when it was supposed the committee would
call the case ; and one week ago to day he ap-
peared in pursuance of information that on that
day there would be positive action upon the
report of the committee. He left without
knowing when he would be needed, and is now
at his home. It was our desire and hope that
he might present the case to this House him-
self. It was, I know, his own wish to be heard
upon the merits of the case.
I made an appeal in the beginning of this dis-
cussion thatit should bepostponed a reasonable
time to give General Foster an opportunity
to be present and argue his own case. That
was, of course, denied, and we are now com-
pelled to present the case as best we can.
Perhaps the action of the House would be the
same if he were present. It may be that
already in advance of the debate this large
majority are ready to ratify the action of the
Radical committee, and the words uttered in
forms of protest against this attempted outrage
upon the people of the twenty-first congres-
sional district of my State will be unheeded.
It is possible a man will be placed here and
be made our peer and equal who was rejected
by his people as unworthy to represent them
in the Congress of the United States. If come
here he must, if this burning shame is to mantle
the cheek of those who contribute to its con-
summation, the record shall show that I, the
humblest of Pennsylvania's Representatives
upon this floor, here protest, not only in the
name of my immediate constituents, but in the
name of the people of an insulted and disgraced
Commonwealth.
Sir, in the beginning of this contest this yet
vacant seat was denied to the man who by the
returns in due form of law was as a matter of
justice and of right entitled to occupy it. There
was the beginning of this great wrong. The
•Governor of a great Commonwealth, in defiance
of law, statute, and precedent, refused to in-
clude the name of Henry D. Foster among
the list of those elected to the Forty-rirst
Congress from the State of Pennsylvania.
did so in violation of his plain, unmistakabi
duty. It was done in no haste, but upondeUD*
