1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
41st Con<j....2d Sess.
The Public Debt—Mr. Morrell.
Ho. of Beps.
property in this country from its fair share of
public burdens.
There may come a time when tits country
may be subjected to the perils of war. There
may come a time when the strong arms of every
son of hers who loves her may be necessary
for her protection. There may come a time
when poor men again must give their bodies,
being all that poor men have to give, and when
rich men must give their accumulated wealth
for the common defense ; and I am unwilling
now by a law to make a contract that the
amassed capital of the nation to this vast
amount of $1,200,000,000 shall at all times and
under all future circumstances be exempt from
these burdens that the rest of the property and
the poor men of the country may be called upon
to bear for the common defense. The exemp-
tion of the income of the bondholders of the
nation from all local and State taxes, is inequi-
table enough now, and has been in the past,
without this new and additional exemption
from national taxation in the future.
The principle at one time was gravely ques-
tioned by courts of very respectable reputation
that one Legislature can bind succeeding Legis-
latures in exempting from their share of public
burdens of taxation any property of a special
nature, and its illegality was argued, and with
plausibility and force; but sueh a power is
now conceded to exist. The Supreme Court
has decided that a Legislature may bind its
successors for all time to come; so that we have
instances of property peculiarly favored and
exempted from public burdens by the acts, and
I think the. unwise acts, of Legislatures in the
past. I do not wish to see this in a bill like
the present. I believe that our country is well
able, not only to pay her just debts and obliga-
tions, but I believe that if there will not be these
representations of widespread bad faith upon
the part of a majority of our people, if the
world shall believe that we not only have the
ability, for that they know, but the will to pay
all our just debts, our loans can be negotiated
anywhere in Christendom upon terms as favor-
able in every respect as those of any other
nation.
Sir, there is an item here of some twelve
million dollars, that is, one per cent, of the
amount of these bonds, appropriated to pay
for the expense of issuing and disposing of
the same. That amount X am instructed by
those who are more familiar with the subject
is grossly in excess of that which is necessary;
that perhaps one third of that sum, or less,
would be sufficient. I do not think that when
we see the distress of our people throughout
this country, staggering under the load of un-
just and excessive taxation, any attempt at
economy should be omitted. For that reason
I trust that, even should this bill pass in any
form, that provision will be amended so that at
least two thirds of the amount proposed will
be saved to the Federal Treasury.
The details of a funding law I should leave
with confidence to men much better instructed
than myself on these subjects, and probably to
few men more readily than the honorable Sen-
ator who is chairman of the Committee on
Finance. But I consider that in order to deal
with this question wisely our plan is one of
comparative simplicity at first, and that is go
back until our feet rest once more upon the
solid rock of the Federal Constitution. The
currency of the country is a matter of enormous
importance, and that currency cannot in my
belief be lawfully or safely anything else than
a currency of value—the gold and silver coin
directed by the Constitution. It is for that
reason, as well as for others which I have very
imperfectly suggested, that I cannot give my
consent to an act of Congress that shall recog-
nize and continue in force a system of irre-
deemable paper money, a currency not of value,
but of credit only, as a basis of our public debt.
The Public Debt.
SPEECH OF HON. D. J. MORRELL,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Is the House of Representatives,
March 10, 1870,
On the bill (H. R. No. 4171 to fund tho national debt
at alower rate of interest, make the national bank-
ing system free, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, early in the present session 1 offered
the House bill No. 447, to fund the public debt
at a lower rate of interest, make the national
banking system free, and for other purposes,
which 1 will read :
A bill to fund tho debt of tho United States at a
lower rate of interest, to make tlie national bank-
ing system free, and for other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Jlepresenta-
tives of tlte United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of tho Treasury be, and he
is hereby, authorized to borrow from time to time,
on the crcdit of tho C'nitect States, a sum not exceed-
ing in the aggregate $2,500,000,000, and to issue there-
for coupon or registered bonds of tho United States,
which shall bo irredeemable. And said bonds shall
be of such denominations as the Secretary of the
'Treasury shall direct, (not less than fifty dollars,)
and bear an annual interest of three and sixty-five
hundredths per cent., payablo semi-annually in coin.
And the Secretary of the Treasury may dispose of
such bonds, or any part thereof, in tho United States,
or, if ho shall find it expedient, in Europe, at par
for lawful money of the United States, or exchange
tho same, at hisdiscretion, tor other bonds ofthe Uni-
ted States at tho market value of such other bonds;
and tho money arising from the salo of tho bonds
authorized by this act shall bo by the Secretary of
the Treasury applied and used at his discretion in
tho purchase or payment of othor bonds and out-
standing coin interest-bearing indebtedness of the
United States,which the Government has theoption
of paying, and sueh bonds and interest-bearing in-
debtedness so redeemed shall beretired and canceled.
Sec. 2, And be it farther enacted, That whenever
the coininterest-bearingindebtednossof tho United
States shall have been oonvertod into the bonds
authorized by this act, then tho other interest-bear-
ing indebtedness shall also bo converted in tho man-
ner heroin provided for, and tho outstanding Treas-
ury notes bearing no interest, and'known as legal-
tender notes, shall also bo funded in said bomb, and
thereafter, whenever tho revenues of tho United
States shall exceed tho actual and probable annual
expenditures, it shall be tho duty of tho Secretary
of the Treasury to employ such surplus money as
may be in tho Treasury in tho puvehaso of bonds
issued under this act, and tho bonds so purchased
shall be held as a icserve by the Treasury, not to bo
reissued save by tho authority of Congress.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That tho bonds
authorized by this act shall bo issued in series of
$1*00,000,000 each, to be sufficiently and distinctively
designated by numbers and letters, or otherwise, at
the discretion of the Secretary of tho Treasury;
they shall have upon them, and there shall also be
upon eaeh coupon, the par value of tho same ex-
pressed in dollars, francs, and pounds sterling, and
fractional parts thereof; and the said bonds shall
liavo upon thorn a tablo by which thoir value at any
time, including interest, and tho value of tho cou-
pons at any time, or tho amount of interest thereon,
may bo readily calculated.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That national
banks may be employed as agencies for the redemp-
tion of coupons and payment of interest on bonds
authorized by this act, and also for tho salo of tho
bonds authorized by this act and the redemption of
other interest-bearing obligations of the United
States, and may receive for such services, at the dis-
cretion of tho Secretary, payment in a sum not ex-
ceeding  per cent. Other agencies within tho
United States may be employed at no greater com-
pensation, should it become necessary, and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may employ responsible agencies
for the purposes aforesaid in foreign countries, and
such foreign agencies shall receivo for their services
a sum not exceeding per ccnt. It shall also be
tho duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to consti-
tute, appoint, or employ responsible agents, imd
keep and maintain permanent ofliees, not exceeding
five in all, in the principal city or eities of England,
France, and Germany, at which offices tho interest
upon bonds authorized by this act shall, upon proper
demand, be duly paid; and it shall be tho duty of
the agent miking such payment to make registration
ofthe same,noting, so far asis practicable, adesenp-
tion of tho bond and tho name and residence of its
owner or the person to whom payment is made, of
which semi-annual report shall bo -made to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That from and
after one year from the passage of this act all bank-
ing associations organized under an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency/ &c., ap-
proved the 3d day of June, A. 1). 1864, and the supple-
ments thereto, shall be required to inafce deposit
in< the Treasury of tho United States, according to
said banking law, of bonds herein authorized and
directed to bo issued as security for the circulating
notes of said banks, and thereupon othet; "bonds of
the United States belonging to said banking asso-
ciations and deposited in tho Treasury as security
for their circulating notes shall be surrendered to
said banks. And such banking associations as shall
not make deposit of the bonds authorized by this act
as aforesaid, shall go into liquidation and close up
their affairs in the manner provided by law. And so
much of section twenty-two ofthe act of June 3, J8G4,
entitled "An act to provide a national currency/'
&c„ as limits the entire amount of circulating notes
which may bo issued by banking associations under
the national banking law to $300,000,000 shall be,
and is hereby, repealed, and new bunking asso-
ciations may be formed under tho provisions of said
act and its supplements,with circulation secured,
according to law, by deposit in the Treasury of tho
United States of the bonds authorized by this act:
Provided, That such associations shall bo subject to
all laws, rules, and regulations cnactcd or made by
competent authority for the government of national
banks; and no banking associations or corporations
except such as are organized underthe laws regulat-
ing national banksshall have the privilege of issuing
circulating notes to bo used as money.
Sec. G. And 6c it further cnacted, That the bonds
issued under this act shall be exempt from all tax-
ation, municipal. State, andnational, and the stock
of banking associations herein authorized and re-
ferred to shall also bo exempt from taxation, except
by tho United States; and the charters of said banks
shall be perpetual; subject, however, to laws, rules,
and regulations as aforesaid, and to repeal for causc
by the national Congress.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of the Treasury shall, as soon after tho first day of
every month asis practicable, publish a statement of
the amount of bonds sold during tho previous month,
and also ofthe amountot bonds or othcroutstanding
indebtedness of the Government purchased during
the same time, together with the average amount per
dollar paid for the same, and also tho amount of all
commissions paid to agents, and tho names of such
agents; and shall al^o publish a notice of the amount
of bonds authorized by this act. which lie will offer
for sale during the current month, and the amount of
other bonds or outstanding obligations of the Govern-
ment which ho proposes purchasingduring tho same
time,which notices and statements shall also be for-
warded to the Treasury agencies in foreign countries.
Ho shall also publish a monthly statement of tho
amount of circulating notes issued to national banks,
showing tho local distribution of tho same by States.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, since this bill was offered its main
propositions have been incorporated into va-
rious financial schemes, proposed with high
authority and official sanction, and I may be
pardoned for believing that they deserve to be
brought, as a complete measure, before this
House and the country. 1 take the almost
unanimous declaration of the other side of the
House, that they are in favor of an honest pay-
ment of the national debt, with some grains
of allowance. Since that declaration was
made the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Golladay] has openly declared in favor of
repudiation, and the Democracy of Indiana,
in State convention, have resolved that the
five-twenty bonds are payable in greenbacks
or their equivalent, and that they should be
taxed by the United States—propositions
which to the public creditor will savor some-
what of the same doctrine.
Evidently the resolution passed here in favor
of honestly paying the national debt is to receive
construction elsewhere, and it may be feared
that the gentlemen who hastened to record
their votes against the Ohio member [Mr.
Mungen] may yet assume such an attitude as
will—
" Keep the word of promise to our ear,
And break it to our hope/'
I would save the people from this danger.
I would settle all donbtas to whether the debt
is to be paid or not, and all questions with what
and when it is to be paid, by providing that it
shall never become due. Like the word " con-
traband," the word "irredeemable" solves a
problem. It will reconcile the most antago-
nistic views and postpone all controversy to a
time when controversy will become impossible.
Objections will be made by many good
people who are erfamored of monthly Treas-
ury statements and hotly determined to keep
right on with the payment of the debt. They
declaim indignantly against saddling thecoun-
