1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3987
reduction of taxation which even the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means proposes. I advocate
my motion to strike out this stamp tax on three
grounds. First, it is proposed by the unani-
mous consent on both sides of the House to
largely reduce the volume of taxation. We on
this side of the House are in earnest in this
determination. In the second place, this par-
ticular stamp tax is odious to the American
people, and every citizen of the country would
be glad to get lid of it. if possible, if on no
other ground on the ground of their aversion
to it; and thirdly, because by striking out this
particular tax wc strike out a tax which oper-
ates about equally on all classes of the people.
It will result in a more equal reduction of the
taxes than could be done by any oilier mode.
Besides, sir, this is a troublesome, and in many
respects, an expensive tax. It gives rise to
troublesome and vexatious litigation, and in
multitudes of instances it occasions serious
losses to the uninformed and inexperienced
andgives frequently an advantage to the unscru-
pulous sharper.
It must be borne in mind that while the
Committee of Ways and Means proposed to
reduce the tariff by $20,000,000 all hope of
relief from that source is gone. The tariff
will continue upon us as it now is. The peo-
ple will still have to submit to that oppressive
form of taxation for another year, and until
after another expression shall have been given
of the popular voice. There is reasou, there-
fore, why the taxation with which we are now
dealing aud which is under our control shall bo
more signally reduced than is proposed by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
when he proposes to reduce the internal taxa*
tion to the extent of some $30,000,000. These
are the grounds upon which I make this motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope this section will
not be struck out. I hope no part of the sched-
ule as we have presented it here will be struck
out. From this schedule B we derive a con-
siderable amount of revenue. And this bill,
bringing together all the taxes except those
upon spirits, tobacco, and beer, contains a
reenactment of that schedule, with the excep-
tion of the taxes on receipts and on ordinary
agreements, which have been stricken out; and
the House has now struck out the taxes on
all small orders, or orders upon individuals. I
have been a little surprised and amused at the
very earnest sympathy manifested toward those
poor devils who have balances in the bank.
But the manifestation of that sympathy does not
seem to have had much effect on the majority
of the House.
Now, sir, it being the fact that this is but a
reenactment, with the exception of some little
verbal amendments and changes, of the pres-
ent existing law, with which everybody is famil-
iar, and inasmuch as we have notified the House
that we have left out the stamp tax on receipts
and agreements, which was all in regard to
which there was any great pressure brought to
bear from the country on the committee, I
think we might dispose of this schedule by one
general vote without going over all the work
again. I think we ought especially to do this
inasmuch as almost every word of this sched-
ule having been in force for several years has
received an interpretation and construction at
the department, and there is always danger if
you introduce new language that you will create
some confusion. Even it the language be not
quite so clear as gentlemen around me would
have made it had they had the framing of the
schedule originally, or as perhaps the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means might have made it
had they framed the schedule instead of adopt-
ing it from the existing law, I think it is better
not to interfere with it, because there is the
danger that in changing the language you may
do mischief where you intend to do good. The
language now in the schedule having an admit-
ted construction, I have thought and still think
that it is better to leave it as it is, and I move
the previous question on this section.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr, SCHENCK. I believe I will try the
sense of the House on the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WINANS. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the previous question is
seconded, will it cut off the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman?]
The SPEAKER. It will not. That wiil be
the first thing voted upon.
The question was put; which was on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
G4, noes 53.
Mr, PETERS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. SciiEXCKand
Mr. Peters were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 50.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was ordered, which was
on Mr. IIolmax's amendment, to strike out
the section.
Mr. STILES. On that I ask for the yeas
and uajs.
Mr. PETERS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to move a verbal amend-
ment, as follows:
On page 53, line one hundred aud thirty-four, strike
out the words "or value;'*so that the clause will
read:
Conveyance. Deed, instrument, or writing, whereby
any lauds, tenements, or other realty sold shall be
granted, assigned, transferred, or otherwise con-
veyed to, or vested in, the purchasers or purchasers,
or any other person or persons, by his, her, or their
direction, when tho consideration does not exceed
$500, fifty cents.
Mr. SCHENCK. Those words "orvalue,"
at the request of a great many gentlemen, were
inserted a little while ago in the clause imme-
diately folio wing that one, because it was thought
that they should be in both places.
Mr. PETERS. I should like to have just
half a minute to explain my reasons for offer-
ing this amendment. If you tax deeds accord-
ing to the actual consideration you tax the
actual consideration between parties. In my
country a great many deeds of release are
given where a man does not own the title.
Mr. STILES. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. KERR. I object, unless we can have
general debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peteks] asks unanimous consent
that the words 41 or value'' may be struck out.
Is there objection?
Mr. STILES. I object.
Mr. WELKER. I ask unanimous consent
to amend, in line thirty-five, by striking out
the word 44one" and inserting 4'two," in order
to correspond with the amendment made just
preceding that.
The SPEAKER. That is a mere clerical
correction, and the Chair will order it to be made
The question now is ou the motion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] to strike
out the section providing for stamp taxes.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
41. noes 81.
Mr. HOLMAN and Mr. STILES called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas G5, nays 111, not voting
54 ; as follows :
Y1DAS—Messrs. Archer, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Burr,
Cleveland, A mas a Cobb, Cox, Crebs, Cullom.Degener,
Dickinson, Dockcry, Dox, Eldndge, Filch, Fox, Getz,
Uriswold, Haight, Hamill, Hawkins, llay, Ileum,
Holman, Ilotchkiss, Alexander II. Jones, J udd. Kerr,
Knott, Lewis, Logan, Marshall, Mayham, McGor-
miek, MoNeely, Je.^se II. Moore, Morgan, Morrissey,
Niblaek, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Kice, Kidgwajj,
Sargent, Schumaker, Sherrod, Siocum, Joseph S.
Smith, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann,
Trimble, Van Auken, Wells, Whituaore, Wilkinson.
Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wmans, Wood,
and Woodward—65.
N AYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry,
Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blair. Booker,
George M. Brooks, Buflinton, Burchard. Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, William T.
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Conger, D;ivi%
Dawes Donley,Duval, Dyer, 131a, Fnrnsworth, F'.*r-
riss, Finkelnbmg, Fisher, GilfiUan, Hale. Hamilton,
Harris, Iiawley, linys, link Hoar, Hooper, Jinckcs,
Kelley, Kellogg, ICelsey, Kctcham, Knupp, Lailin,
Lash. Lawrenoe, Loughndgo, Lynch. Maynard. Mc-
Carthy, MoCrary, McKeo, Mclteime, Meruur, Miincs,
lsliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Mor-
rell, Snuiuel P. JMorrill, Myers, News ham. O'NeuJ,
Orth, PaeU.ud, Packer, P.une, Peck, Peters, Photys,
Pomerov. Prossei, Sawyer, Schonrk, Scofield, Lionel
A.Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, Worth-
inglon C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffo. Tan-
ner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner,
Upson, Van Horn, Wallace, Ward, William 33.
Wushburn, Wclker, Wheeler, Willard,Williams, and
Witchei—111.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnum,
Benjamin, Benuett, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, James
Brooks. Buck, Buckley, Burdett, Calkin, Cessna,
Churchill, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Covodc, Cowles,
Dickey, Dixon, Ferry, tfarlield, Gibson, ILildemau,
Hambleton, licaton, Hogo, Ingersoli, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, McGrew, Morphis. Muli-
gen, Neglcy, Palmer, Percc, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Rogers, Roots, Snnt'ord, Shanks, Shober, W ilhain
J. Smith, Stevens, Sweeney, Van Trump, V:tn Wyek,
Voorhces, Cadvvalader O. Washburn, and Winches-
ter—54.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I ask unanimous con-
sent to strikeout the words u except an assign-
ment or transfer to a trustee as a successor to
one resigning the trust" where they occur in
lines two hundred and eleven and two hundred
and twelve, and to insert them after the word
"cents" in hue two hundred and fourteen ; so
that the clause will read :
And for every additional $500, or fractional part
thereof, in excess of SI,000, fitty cents. Upon every
assignment or transfer of a mortgage, twenty-fivo
cents, except an assignment or transfer to a trustee
as a successor to one resigning tlio trust.
It is a mere change in the arrangement of
the clause.
There was no objection j and the amendment
was entertained and agreed to.
The Clerk then read as follows:
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
where an adhesive stamp is used for denoting tho
payment of any tax imposed by law, except as may
bo otherwise provided, the person making and de-
livering, or giving the instrument, matter, or thing:
to he taxed, shall so affix the stamp denoting said
tax that the entire surface thereof shall be exposed
to view, and shall cancel the same by writing with
ink upon each and every stamp so used the initials
of his name and the date upon which the same shall
be affixed or used, or by a mechanical dcvice such
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may by
regulation prescribe, so that such canecled &taiup
cannot again be used.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That the acceptor
of any bill of exchange or order for the payment of
any sum of money drawn, or purporting to be drawn,
in any foreign country, but payable in tho United
States, shall, before paying or accepting the same,
place thereon a stamp tor the proper amount of tax.
and cancel the same, as the law requires for inland
bills of exchange or promissory notes; and no bill
of exchange shall be paid or negotiated withoutsuch
stamp; and if any person shall pay or negotiate, or
offer in payment, or receive, or take in payment, any
such draft or order on which such stamp has not
been placed and canceled, he shall be liable to a
penalty of $200.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to ask the
House to transpose those sections, so that sec-
tion twenty-two shall be section twenty-one,
and section twenty-one shall be section twenty-
two.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to move an amend-
ment to what was section twenty-one, bur, is
now section twenty-two. I want to call the
attention of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to the means provided for the
cancellation of stamps. The section provides
that the stamps shall be canceled either by
writing the initials of the party's name or by a
mechanical device. There is great inconven-
ience in the necessity of caucefing stamps oy
writing the initials. The English way, wluuh
seems to be preferable, is to put the stamps
where the signature goes and then the signature
is written across the stamp and thus cancels
it. This method of writing the initials and ttie
, date upon the stamp is an exceeding annoy-
