1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2099
to allow this resolution to go to the commit-
tee, that they may inquire whether there ought
to be an investigation; and if the committee
reports that there ought to be an investiga-
tion then let us have it. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farstsworth] can go before the
committee and show why there ought to be an
investigation ; and the committee, acting as a
grand jury, can, if they see fit, find a bill, and
then the charges can be tried. If the gentle-
man adopts my proposition it will not cause
more than a day's delay, and will not thwart
the object he has in view.
Mi\ SCHENCK. It is difficult to say whether
. one will accept an amendment until it is reduced
to writing. I believe that while my colleague
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has been speaking
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynakd]
has been putting my colleague's suggestion into
the form of an amendment. I have no objec-
tion to the House voting on that as an amend-
ment. The House, I doubt not, well under-
stands what reasons have induced me to submit
a resolution asking directly and positively for
an investigation. On every occasion that an
appropriation bill has come up containing any
item which looked to anything to be done by
the supervising architect, or that had been done
by him, charges have been made of something
wrong, directly or indirectly impeaching his
integrity or regard for economy in administer-
ingthe affairs of his office. This sort of thing
has gone on till it has reached the point where
lie_fecls it duo to himself as an officer and as a
citizen to ask Congress to make aspecific exam-
ination into these matters, so that he may not
be left to be continually subjected to flings and
slurs and attacks without any testimony, if
there be any, being brought before the House
and the country to sustain the charges. And
1 have thought that such an investigation was
due not only to Mr. Mullet, but to the House,
and also to those who from time to time have
been making these charges.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 hope tho gentle-
man does not consider that 1 have objected to
the investigation being made.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 did not understand the
gentleman to object. 1 understood it to bo his
desire that tho investigation should be made
broader in its range. I now yield to tho gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynakd. 1
Mr. MAYNARD. It occurs to me that
there is much force in tho suggestion that the
committee should ba instructed to consider
first the expediency of making such an investi-
gation, and if upon examination they shall
deem it expedient then to go on and make it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let them report
to the House if they deem it expedient-
Mr. MAYNARD. My proposition is that if
they deem it expedient they shall go on and
make the investigation, and if they do not deem
it necessary, then they will so report to the
House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that the
gentleman from Tennessee has reduced the
amendment to writing, and 1 ask that it be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
After tli oword " direotecl" add the words "to in-
quire into_ the expediency of investigating, and if on
examination they shall doom it oxpodient."
Mr. MAYNARD. I will strike out tho lat-
ter part of it.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. How are they going
to deem it expedient until they have made an
examination?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield for the pur-
pose of allowing a vote to be taken on that
amendment; but I am decidedly of the opinion
that after these repeated charges in the House
this officer is entitled to an investigation.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask the gentleman,
who has been here much longer than I have,
whether he ever knew any of these investiga-
tions to amount to anything except to spend a
large amount of money?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, yes.
Mr. WARD. I have been here nearly five
years, and I never knew any investigation to
amount to anything except an expenditure of
money.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have had two or three
this session. One of them has resulted in a
great deal of information given to the House
in regard to gold speculations, and the proof
that another has resulted in something is seen
in two vacant seats in the House, and perhaps
I might say two and a half. I now ask for a
vote.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
reported as modified at the suggestion of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fauxrwortii.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Ilesolved, That tlio Committee on Expenditures on
the Public Buildings be, and hereby is, directed to
investigate the manner in which expenditures are
made on publio buildinga, particularly tlioso under
tho direction of tlio supervising architect of tho
Treasury Department; and that they also inquire
into tho manner in which ho has conducted his oihco,
with power to send for persons and papers, :md re-
port by bill or othorwiso.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have modified my amend-
ment, and I now ask that the resolution may be
read as it will stand if tho amendment shall be
adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Ilesolved, That tho Committoo on Expenditures
on tho Public Buildings bo, und hereby is, directed
to inquire into tho expediency of investigating tho
manner in which oxpondituros aro made on public
buildings, particularly those under tho direction of
tho supervising architect of tho Treasury Depart-
ment ; and that they also inquiro into tho manner in
which ho has conducted his olhce, and to report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio now if he will not con-
sent to changc the committee and refer the
matter to the Committee on Public Expend-
itures,which is a committee of nine members,
rather than send it to a committee of four mem-
bers?
Mr. SCHENCK. I selected the committee
with reference to tlio subject and upon no
suggestion made by tho ollicer himself. He
simply demanded an investigation, saying to me
when he did so that he did not care before what
committee it went, but left it for me to propose
and the House to decide. 1 exchanged no word
with him, as I once before intimated, with re-
gard to any committee. 1 found among our com-
mittees one which is entitled " the Committee
on Expenditures on the Public Buildings,"
and I thought the title of tho committee de-
scribed tho very work that was proposed. I do
not know whoconstilute, the committeoexcept
that tho gentleman from New York [Mr.
Churchill] is chairman of it; but this matter
certainly comes directly within the scope of the
business devolved on that committee, and it
would seem to mo to be inappropriate and
almost offensive to that committee to send it
anywhere else. I do not believe they have
very much to do unless wegivethem something
of this sort to do.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. The jurisdiction of
this committeo has generally been regarded as
relating to the public buildings in the city of
Washington. The Committee on Public Ex-
penditures has heretofore had charge of mat-
ters relating to other public buildings.
Mr. SCHENCK. That was suggested the
other day, and on looking into the matter I
found that there is no such limitation what-
ever. It is a committee generally upon ex-
penditures on the public buildings. Whatever
may_ have been their practice heretofore of
confining themselves to investigations in regard
to public buildings in Washington, there is no
limitation of that kind in the rule which creates
the committee; on the contrary it relates to all
public buildings belonging to the Government,
of every kind and everywhere.
Mr.FARNSWORTH. I have nothing against
this committee at all, I made the suggestion
only because one committee has nine members
and the other only four.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot consent to any
amendment so far as the committee is con-
cerned.
The question was taken on Mr. Matnakd's
amendment; and there were—ayes twenty,
noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now call the previous
question on the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope my col
league [Mr. Sciienck] will allow an amend-
mentthatthis resolution shall not give authority
for the committee to travel at the expense of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Otherwise the
committee could travel from Oregon to Maine,
wherever there was a public building.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think any sucli
amendment is necessary; but I will withdraw
my call for the previous question and allow it
to be offered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
the resolution by adding to it the following:
Provided, That this resolution shall confer no au-
thority on tho committee to travel at the expense of
tho House of Representatives.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think, inasmuch as the
amendment I offered to this resolution was
voted down, and we are to have the investiga-
tion, it should be understood that it must be a
thorough investigation. And if it be necessary,
in order to make a thorough investigation, that
the committee shall go where this work is be-
ing done, we should not directly or impliedly
censure the committee for doing so.
Mr. SCIIENCK. This committee is now
required by the rules of the House "to report
from time to time such provisions and arrange-
ments as may be necessary to add to the econ-
omy oftlie several Departments and the account-
ability of their officers." They are authorized,
by a general rule, to report from time to time
upon this subject. And if, in the course of
their investigations they find it necessary to ask
the House for further powers, let them come
and ask it. 1 have no objection, however, to
the limitation proposed by my colleague.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the mem-
bers of this committeo will understand that 1
imply no possible want of confidence in them.
I will say simply that almost every day we are
granting powers to committees of this House,
which will entitle them to incur very heavy
expenses to be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now call the previous
question on the resolution and pending amend-
ment.
'I he previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
ihe first question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Gaiifield, of Ohio, to add to
the resolution the following:
Provided, That this resolution shall confer no au-
thollouso at ihe eXPenSe°f
The amendment was agreed to.
er|S/?CT'i011' a®amen(!ed,was thenadopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire now 
iir. I^NG-tRSOLL. I move that the House
now proceed to the consideration of business
on the Speaker's table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe I am entitled to
the floor.
vP1® SPEAKER. The gentleman can be
taken from the floor at the expiration of the
morning hour by a motion to proceed to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, unless he rises to
move to suspend the rules for the purpose of
going into Committee of the Whole, "which
would include the rule giving a member the
right to take him from the floor by a motion
to go to business on the Speaker's table.
