3988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1.
ance, and very few persons practice it. A cross
made with the pen is much more likely to
obliterate the stamp than the initials and the
date. It seems to me tbat it would save a
great deal of labor and be more convenient if
we were to use the words "or other sufficient
obliteration-."
Mr. SCHENCK. This has been a source of
a great deal of trouble on account of the
evasion of the payment of taxe§ by the age of
stamps.
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to fisk him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. I would rather finish a
sentence first. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Potter] is correct is saying that in Eng-
land they find the use of the pen one of the
best things for canceling stamps. But there
is a general demand throughout this country
for some quick, convenient way of canceling
stamps without the use of a pen at all, either
by writing the initials or making a cross on
the stamps.
Under the general authority conferred by
the law, as it now stands, there was adopted
by the Department what was called a "ribbon
stamp," which has proved to be an utter fail-
ure. Millions of stamps have been put upon
the market which have been canceled by means
of the ribbon stamp and afterward cleaned'by
some chemical process. That fact has driven
the Department to the necessity of rescinding
the authority to use the "ribbon stamp," and
adopting some other mechanical device. The
mistake which has been made, I think, is that
there have been some four or five mechanical
devices adopted, one after another, until there
is great confusion as to what device is properly
authorized. The reason for doing so was that
it was not desired to give a monopoly to any
one particular person. But the Commissioner
of Internal lievenue has that subject all under
his control; for if he authorizes the use of one
kind of device he can require that it shall be
supplied for a low and reasonable price; and
if the owner of the device asks more for it than
the Commissioner has fixed as the pricc, he
can abolish the privilege granted and designate
some other device or devices for the purpose.
Therefore we have included in this provision
a clause permitting cancellation of stamps by
the writing thereon of the initials of the person
using them, and a clause providing that there
may be adopted in connection with that a me-
chanical device of some kind. Now, with
regard to what the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Potter] has said about a cross with a
pen doing as well as writing the initials on a
stamp 
Mr. POTTER. _ Better, I think.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 am not quite prepared
to say that; certainly not in the language he
uses, because it is too general, unless you pre-
scribe how that cross shall be made. What-
ever cross or mark is made should be made
with a pen, because that does make some little
indentation in the stamp. And although you
can remove writing-ink by chemical means,
yet you cannot remove any mark that is made
by the pen, and you can detect when a crossed
stamp hay been cleaned, while you cannot
detect a stamp cleaned after being canceled
by a "ribbon stamp."
Mr. BENTON. What is to prevent a stamp
being used again that is cancQted by only writ-
ing the initials of the person upon it?
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] makes a suggestion
which 1 think is preferable to my proposition,
and that is to strike out the word "mechan-
ical" before the word "device."
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot agree to that.
Air. P011LR. I hen 1 will leave my amend-
ment in the original form.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to the amendment
in any form.
The SPEAKER. Then it is not before the
House, as it can be entertained only by unan-
imous consent.
The Clerk then read section twenty-three, as
follows
Sec. 23. And be it further wanted. That no stamp
tax shall be required on official instruments, docu-
ments, and papers issued by the officers of the United
States or of any State, county, town, or other mu-
nicipal corporation, in the exercise of functions
strictly belonging to them in their ordinary govern-
mental and municipal capacity; nor on affidavits,
powers of attorney, or other paper relating to appli-
cations for bounty, arrearages of pay, or pensions,
or to the receipt thereof: nor on tickets or contracts
of insurance when limited to accidental injury to
persons; nor on certificates of the measurement or
weight of animals, wood, coal, or hay; norondeposit
notes to mutual insurance companies, for insurance
upon which policies subject to stamp taxes have been
or are to be issued; nor on manifests, bills of lading,
or passage tickets by steamboats or vessels plying
between ports of the United States and ports of
British North America on the lakes or other inland
waters dividing that country from the United States;
nor on any certificate of the record of a deed or other
instrument in writing, or of the acknowledgment or
proof thereof by attesting witnesses; nor on any
duplicate or copy of any instrument m writing re-
tained by the person making, delivering, or giving
the same, nor on any indorsement of a negotiable
instrument; nor on any warrant of attorney accom-
panying a bond or note, when such bond or note shall
have affixed thereto the stamp or stamps denoting
the tax required; and whenever any bond or note
shall be secured by a mortgage but one stamp shall
be required to be placed on such papers; but the
stamp placed thereon shall be for the largest amount
required for either of said instruments.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to amend the
first part of this section by inserting before the
words "powers of attorney, or other paper
relating to applications for bounty," &e., the
words " or certificate in or relating to judicial
proceedings, nor on."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TANNER. I have an amendment to
propose to which I think there can be no objec-
tion. I move to amend by inserting after the
words " ordinary governmental and municipal
capacity," in the first part of the section, the
words "nor on bonds or other official instru-
ments of officers of public schools and school
districts."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out from this section the words "nor
on manifests, bills of lading, or passage tickets
by steamboats or vessels plying between ports
of the United States and ports of British North
America on the lakes or other inland waters
dividing that country from the United States."
I make this motion chiefly for the purpose of
inquiring why this provision is inserted in the
bill. Why should not the commerce between
Great Britain and this country pay its share of
stamp taxes as well as any other class of busi-
ness? Why should we make a discrimination
in favor of Great Britain?
Mr. ALLISON. I can tell thagentleman. A
provision similar to this has been in the law for
a great many years, having been inserted origin-
ally on the motion of a gentleman then a Rep-
resentative in this House from the State of
Maine, (Mr. Pike,) for the benefit of the com-
merce between the New England States and
the British provinces ; and on the motion of
some other gentleman the lakes were added.
That provision has remained in the law ever
since ; and I do notsee any reason why any new
burdens should be imposed upon commerce,
especially when we, the other day, failed to
pass a bill for the relief of American com-
merce.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Allison] will allow me to make
a further explanation. The provision of the
existing law is in these terms ;
"Provided, That the stamp duties imposed by the
foregoing schedule (B) on manifests, bills of ladin-
and passage tickets shall not apply to steamboats or
vessels plyine between ports of the United States
and ports 01 British North America."
The reason assigned for the insertion of that
provision was that vessels going up and down
the Detroit river, for instance, or navig&tin^
the lakes, stop indifferently upon either side ;
that this is, in a great degree, a part of our own
inland navigation, and that to impose a tax in
such cases would be a great annoyance. The
Committee of Ways and Means, in reviewing
the present law, thought the language rather
too loose, and they have modified it so as to
read as follows:
Nor on manifests, bills of lading, or passage tick-
ets bv steamboats or vesssels plying between ports of
the United States, and ports of British North Amer-
ica on the lakes or other inland waters dividing that
country from the United States.
Unless the language were guarded in this
respect it might apply to vessels coming, for
instance, from Prince Edward's Island to Nesv
York, or from the British provinces upon the
Pacific down to San Francisco ; and such com-
merce is in no sense allied to our inland navi-
gation. Hence we have, while retaining the
provision, limited its language.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, I inquired,
Mr. Speaker, the reason for the insertion of
this provision, and I am told it is in the exist-
ing law. That is the reason given by my friend
from Iowa, that it is in the existing' law, as
though that were the end of all reason 1 I agree
it is the end of all reason, hut not the begin-
ning. [Laughter.] I am told also, as a fur-
ther justification of the provision, that it was
inserted at the request of a New England man,
so as to accommodate the trade between New
England and the British provinces. Bat this
new provision cuts off all that trade, and that
is the reason why I have called attention to it.
When the vessel goes across one of the lakes
this stamp tax is not required to be paid; but
if it goes from St. John to Eastpost, though
the distance is no greater, the stamp tax is
imposed. I do not believe any New England
man would favor such a discrimination as that.
1 desire to know why there should be such
a discrimination in favor of lake navigation
simply. If the provision be extended so as
to embrace commerce between all the British
provinces and our own ports, I will assent to
it. The provision in the old law is a discrim-
ination in favor of commerce between the
British provinces and our own ports; and in
that form 1 will agree to it. But here in this
bill we have a discrimination against American
commerce, unless carried on upon tresh water.
Commerce on fresh water is protected, while
commerce on salt water gets no protection.
Mr. SCHEN CK. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts does not, I think, give due credit to
the explanation which has been made, whether
that explanation be good or bad. The general
policy is to put a stamp tax upon bills of lading,
manifests, passage tickets, &c., on vessels ply-
ing between foreign countries and our own,
whether the foreign country be one of the
British provinces or any other. In practice,
however, it has been found that vessels plying,
for instance, along the Detroit river or the St.
Lawrence or the lakes need to be permitted to
land on either side; aud that there is great
inconvenience in treating the trade of these
vessels as foreign commerce. The object, I
admit, is not to remove this stamp tax'where
vessels sail by sea from the British provinces
to some sea-board port upon our own shores.
The purpose is to adopt such limitation as the
necessity of the case seems to require, and to
apply the exemptionto dividing waters between
our country and others. If these happen to
be altogether fresh water it is not because they
are fresh water. If divided by an arm of the
sea of salt water the reason would be the same.
It does not depend on the properties of the
water, but whether they are divided by water
or not, with a view to enable vessels carrying
passengers or freight to stop on either side.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow the restoration ot the old law
which provides ' 'that the same duties imposed
by the foregoing schedules on manifests, biiis
ox lading, and passage tickets shall not apply
to steamboats or vessels plying between ports
of the United States and ports of British North
America?'' It he will allow that, I will move
the amendment substituting the language of
the old law for the language of the bill. I move
on page 60, lines seventeen, eighteen, and nine-
