4932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
He has gone on and done the work because he
undertook to do it. Of course in doing the
work he expected to receive compensation.
The Department has certified that the amount
proposed to be paid him, $900, is a very small
compensation, and the employment of an extra
clerk—who, if one had been put in there, would
have continued right along—has been saved.
The work has been done, and there is an end
of it. No clerk will be employed for the future,
and Mr. Offley I know has more than earned
the money.
Mr. CULLOM. I would suggest that a spe-
cific amount be put in tho bill.
Mr. HALE. I accept the gentleman's sug-
gestion, and shall add the words "such payment
not to exceed $000."
Mr. CQVODE. I do not see how it is a
saving if you pay this man to do the work.
Mr. HALE. I have explained that the
necessity of employing au extra clerk has
been obviated, and the work is now completed.
There will be no expense on this account in
future. I move to amend by adding the words
"such payment not to exceed $900."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN W. SALYERS.
Mr. TYNER. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table, for consideration
at the present time, the bill (S. No. 883) grant-
ing a pension to John W. Salyers, a soldier of
the war of 1812.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll the name of John W. Salyers, of Indiana,
a soldier of the war of 1812, at the rate of
eight dollars per month from February 10,
1SC8, and to continue during his natural life.
Mr. KELSEY. Is this bill from any com-
mittee?
The SPEAKER. It is-a Senate bill on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. HOLMAN. This claim has been pend-
ing fourteen years, and I trust there will bo no
objection to it.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a iirst, second,
and third time, and passed.
Mr. TYNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNATIONAL OC15AN TELBQRAPII.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the' following resolution for
consideration at this time:
Resolved, That the special Committee on tb e Postal
Telegraph be instructed lo inquire if the Interna-
tional Ocean Telegraph Company 1ms violated its
charter by charging illegal or extortionate rates for
tho transmission of messages, and if any action on
the part of Congress is necessary to protect the pub-
lic ; and for the purpose of this inquiry tho said com-
mittee be authorized to send for persons and papers
and examine witnesses.
Mr. DAWES. What is the necessity for
this resolution?
Mr. HAMILTON. The International Ocean
Telegraph Company, having a line from Key
West to Havana, has been charging exorbit-
ant prices, it is alleged, for transmitting mes-
sages.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I believe I will
object to the resolution.
LOWELL SOLDIERS' MONUMENT.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce for considera-
tion at this time a joint resolution authorizing
the Secretary of War to transfer condemned
ordnance to Lowell, Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read, after which objections to its consider-
ation at tliis time will be in order.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the Secretary of War to transfer from the most
convenient point to Lowell, Massachusetts,
such condemned ordnance as he may deem
proper, to be used in the ornamentation of
the monument in said oity erected to the mem-
ory of the soldiers who lirst fell in the war of
the rebellion.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Brooks] that
this joint resolution differs from other joint
resolutions of a similar character in that it
provides that the transportation of this con-
demned ordnance shall be at the cost of the
War Department.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman is mistaken ; it does not so provide.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me this is a
pretty broad resolution.
Mr. BIRD. 1 object to it.
SUITS AFFECTING STATES.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the
Judiciary, for action at this time, a Senate bill
to enable States to collect their taxes by suits
in courts of the United States. There can
be no objection to it, and I believe there was
no division on the bill in the Senate. It is
Senate bill No. 339, giving priority to certain
eases to which a State is a party in the courts
of the United States.
The bill, which was read, provides that in all
suits and actions, either at law or in chancery,
now pending or that may hereafter bo brought
in any of the courts of the United States,
(whether original suits in the courts of the
United States or brought into those courts by
appeal, writ of error, or removal from any State
court,) wherein a State is a party, or where the
execution of the revenue laws of any State may
bo enjoined or stayed by judicial order or pro-
cess, it shall be tho duty of any court in which
such cause may be pending, on sufficient reason
shown, to give such cause the preference and
priority over all other civil causes pending in
such court between private parties. And the
State or the party claiming under the laws of
the State the execution of whose revenue laws
is enjoined or suspended shall have a right to
have such cause hoard at any time after such
cause is docketed in such court ia preference
to any other civil cause pending in such court
between private parties.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is this con-
fined to revenue oases?
Mr. BINGHAM. It is.
No objection being made, the bill was re-
ceived, ordered lo a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote hy which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion v. ai agreed to.
NAT! O N A L C U R) IE N C Y
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 ask leave to
repoit back fVom the Committee on Banking
and Currency a bill which T think will give rise
to no debate.
The title of the bill was a bill (IT. R. No.
2000) to declare the construction of section
fifty-five of an act entitled "An acr, to provide
a national currency secured by a pledge ol
United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 8,1804, and the acts amendatory thereof,
and to amend the same.
The bill, which was read, provides that sec-
tion fifty-five of the act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 1864, and all acts amendatory of said
section, shall be construed to apply to every
president, director, cashier, teller, clerk, or
agent of any banking association, whether or-
ganized under the aforesaid act or under the
act entitled "Aa act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved February 25,
1863.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will explain in
a moment the object of this bill. The original
national bank acsof 1SG8 contained a section of
penalties against violations of that law. In \
1SG4 the old act was repealed, and a new one
substituted for it. About sixtjr banks, how-
ever, were organized before the aet of 1,8G4 was
passed. In one of the New York courts there
lias arisen a case in which the point has been
raised that the penalty clause of the act of
July ?>, 1804, does not apply to officers of banks
organized under the old law before the passage
of the law of 18G4. The intention of the law,
as the committee think, was clearly to punish
criminal conduct on the part of officers of the
old banks as well as the new. This bill sim-
ply declares that the penalty clause of the
present law shall apply to tho officers of all
national banks, whether organized before or
after the act of 18G4. 1 submit a letter of the
Comptroller of the Treasury bearing upon i.his
subject:
Treasury Diii'AKTirENT,
Ornoi: of Comptiiollub othe Ccbrkxct,
Washington', April 7,1S70.
Dkab Sir: X have received a letter from P. G. Cal-
houn, esq., president, oi tho Fourth National Bank
of New York, slating that his bank was organized
under the act of February 115. 1V3J, which was re-
pealed by tho act of June 3, li>(3i; that the question
has arisen v/li ether the piovisions oi scction fifty-five
of file aetof June. 186-1, relative to criminal proceed-
ings against, ollioers, agents, A', of national banks
arc applicable to those associations organized under
tho picvious law; aiul inclosing'a letter xrom the
counsel of the bank upon that point, together with
draft of amendments proposed with a view to meet
the supposed defects of the present statute.
I do not undertake to say whether file suggestions
contained 111 the letter of Jleisrs. J.Iitler, Poor, Je
Opdykcto Mr. Calhoun arewett founded oynot; but
1 submit copies of the papers, with the remark that
if the criminal section referred to is not applicable
to the national banks organised under the act of
February 2o, 1CC3, it is important that the law should
be. so amended as to remedy ti;is defect.
Yeiy respectfully, yours,
}L. K. IIULBUIID, Comptroller.
Hon. .T. A. Gaki'IEL.". Chairinuti Committee on JJaiik-
tuy and Curi-cucy. Jfouhe of liepvoicntatlseG.
The bill was ordered to be'engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that tho motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Tho latter motioh was agreed to.
MISCELLANEOUS API'ItOl'litATlO.N iilLb.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended. and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the special order, the
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Onion. (Mr. Buffixton" in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (II. R. No. 21G5J making appro-
priations lor sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30,1871. and
ior other purposes.
The pending queili.'n was upon the motion
of Mr. Mookl:, of Illinois-, lo strike out the
following paragraph:
To pay to Iloratio Amos the amount now due him
for wrought-iron rifled guns made by hi.mi for the
.Navy by order 01 the JJurcan of Ordnance, and tested
and accepted by them, ?7£,0S;i 3j.
_ i ue CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pend-'
nig atfienuaient is closed.
Mr. DA V, ES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I desire
