1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9?
though actual fraud be not apparent, amount to such
gross and culpable negligence, such a disregard of
their official duties, as to render their doings unin-
telligible or unworthy of credence, and the results
of their action entirely unreliable for any purpose;
on the other, the mere neglect to perform the direct-
ory requirements of the election laws, or the perform-
:mce of their duties in a mistaken manner, where
thcro is no reason to believe that the officers acted
with bad faith, and no harm has accrued from the
negligence or mistake, ought not to be allowed to
dcteat the expression of the will of the people of an
entire district, against whose votes no objection can
bo made. Every such case must be examined and
determined upon its own merits.
" If st city and county be divided into more than two
hundred election divisions, where on the day of the
«lection nearly two thousand persons are called upon
to act as election officers, many of whom have had
no experience to guide them in the performance of
the required duties, it must needs be that mistakes
and omissions will occur, and that Bome of the duties
willbeperformed in an irregular manner. If it were
the duty of the court to set aside the return from
every poll in which an irregular or even an illegal
act had. been done, no eleotion would be likely to
stand the test. Such a rule would in fact afford to
the adroit and designing partisan the opportunity to
interfere with the fair expression of the popular
will. While, therefore, we carefully investigate to
detect and subvert fraud, we cannot lean in favor of
less serious complaints, which do not affect the real
merit of the transaction."
Assuming this to be the law, how does the
ease stand in the light before us ? Mr. Covode
gave notice that he would prove certain fraud-
ulent votes ia the two districts complained of;
to wit, Dunbar aad Youngstown. In the former,
as I understand, but 15 illegal votes were polled
and 2 votes in the latter. I believe this num-
ber is only claimed by the majority report.
Because a few illegal votes were polled is it to
be said that a district is to be thrown out? The
law will allow no such thing. It is apparent
that nearly all the voters in these two divisions
were legal voters. The minority admit but 10
or 11 illegal votes were polled in both districts;
but assuming all that is claimed by the majority
of the committee, the poll must stand, deduct-
ing only those clearly proved to be fraudulent.
If that be the case, and Mr. Covode took
upon himself the burden of proving the votes
illegally cast in the several districts mentioned
in his notice, the conclusion must be that the
majority of the committee believed the other
uncontested votes to be legal. The same will
hold good as to the other districts, and in
principle all stand alike. The committee do
not claim in direct terms that these districts
shall not stand. The report says:
"But if the vote of Dunbar township alone is
rejected. Mr. Covode is elected by a majority of 140
yotes.
' " If the vote of Youngstown district alone is
rejected, he is elected by a majority of 112 votes.
If neither ia rejected, but the pauper and other
votes referred to under divisions three and four are
rfjectcd, he is elected by a majority of 31 votes.
If the pauper votes are not excluded, but only
the votes under division four, he is elected by a
majority of 19 votes.
If all these votes are rejected, as the committee
think they should bo, then John Covode is elected
by a majority of 402 votes."
There are a great many " ifs" in those con*
elusions. The committee might have added,
" If the people did not elect Covode he should
be elected by Congress."
I ask the gentleman to inform us in what case
at law, in what case in legislative proceedings,
he ever yet knew a district disfranchised upon
such proof as is submitted in this proceeding
and report ? I apprehend we shall hear no
response. It is without a parallel in my opin-
ion. But, sir, if the ax is to fall, the victim
is ready. No verdict you can give" will detract
from the man whose rights are here denied. A
decision against him will strengthen him with
a constituency that honor and respect him,
while the man you hope to place here will add
dishonor to this House, because he will be here
without right and against the voice of the peo-
ple you compel him to represent. Such a
decision will not bear the test of the deliberate
judgment of the people where both are well
l^i?" ^ ^?ur action shall fail to give Gen-
eral .boster his seat, it will add but one more
to the many wrongs you have inflicted upon
a forbearing, patient people. How long this
shall continue Ume will determine. But I.have
hope that the time will come when the Con-
gress of the United States will decide, not as
partisans, but according to justice and law.
Mr. Speaker, one word more 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHURCHILL. I now move the pre-
vious question upon the pending resolution
and amendment.
Mr. STILES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment before that motion is put ?
Mr. CHUBCHILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. STILES. I would like to know what
is to be the order of discussion if the previous
: question is seconded?
j Mr. CHURCHILL. If the motion for the
| previous question is sustained, I propose to
allow one hour for discussion if it is so desired;
and the greater p&rt of that time I propose to
give to gentlemen on this side, as two hours
h and a half have already been occupied by gen-
tlemen on that side, and but one hour and five
minutes on this.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was on the
amendment offered by the minority of the com-
mittee.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I now vieLd to my col-
league on the Committee of Elections from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna.] .
Mr. CESSNA. Mr. Speaker, I have not
the vanity to believe that I can throw any addi-
tional light upon the subject now before the
House. The position, however, which I occupy
as a member of the Committee of Elections,
and particularly as coming from the State of
Pennsylvania,would, perhaps, render it proper
that I should be able to give a reason or two
for the faith that is in me.
ill] in presenting the case, and in the report
of the committee, has stated the law and the
facts so clearly and so plainly that I can do
but little to enlighten the House upon the sub-
ject. I want, however, to call the attention
of my friends upon the other side, and partic-
ularly those upon the Committee of Elections
; to some few facts that they seem to have over-
looked and forgotten. I do it with all kind-
ness and civility to those gentlemen, because
they have been kind and civil toward us in
their remarks upon this case. The majority
against Mr. Covode in the Dunbar township
was, in 1866,117 votes and no more, and in 1868
it was 198 votes. In 1866, in the town of
Youngstown, the majority against Mr. Covode
was 113 votes and no more, and in 1867 it gave
a Democratic majority of 96 and no more; and
yet, in 1868, it gave for Mr. Foster a majority
of 190 votes.
Now, my friend from Illinois [Mr. Burr]
made a comparison between the votes given at
these polls in the October and in the Novem-
ber elections. But he forgets the fact, which I
believe is in evidence in this case, that one of
the officers of the election at the November elec-
tion testifies, or some witness testifies directly
after the election, that he had swallowed thir-
teen Republican tickets for General Grant, or
in some way or other destroyed them, and took
from his own pocket, or from the pocket of
some brother Democrat, an equal number of
Seymour votes and put them in the same box,
in order to make the two polls come out as near
alike as they could be expected to in the short
period of three weeks.
Now, there are some positions of law stated
by the gentlemen here in which the two reports
seem to differ. When, however, we come to
I do 'j examine the law as it is undoubtedly, and so
believe the clearly established in Pennsylvania that no ftir
man will deny it, there is little room to differ.
The gentleman says that because an officer
of election is drunk, that is not sufficient in
Pennsylvania to throw out a poll. Well, sir,
I grant that if that is all, it does not follow
that the poll must be thrown out, because we
must all admit that in order to save the elec-
tions in a large number of Democratic districts
in Pennsylvania we must not hold to so strict a
rule. If the polls are opened an hour too soon,
or are kept open an hour too late, that may
not be enough of itself to warrant throwing out
the returns of that district. If one of the elec-
tion officers is not sworn, that of itself is not
sufficient in Pennsylvania to throw out a poll.
If the polls are closed a little too soon or opened
a little too late, that is not enough. If some
one's Vote is challenged and is received with-
out oath, that is not enough. If half a dozen
votes are so challenged and so received with-
out oath, that may not be enough. But when
both inspectors are drunk, and one of the
clerks is drunk, and the other is drunk or sick,
or drunk and sick both, and a man is called
in to serve without being sworn, a man who,
according to the testimony in this case, was
one of those who sent to Philadelphia for a
part of the fraudulent naturalization papers
used in that district; when every irregularity
of assessment and challenge occurred at these
polls; when all these irregularities and wrongs
and outrages are proved against these town-
ships, then I say, as a lawyer, without any fear
of successful contradiction, that there is not a
single Pennsylvania case cited by the minority,
not one from the courts of Pennsylvania,
according to which either of these polls can
be retained for one moment.
But our friends on the other side make a
great deal of complaint against the House, and
against the majority of the Committee of Elec-
I do not propose to go into any discussion
of the question now before the House,
not do so for the reason that I beli<
House is already weary of this debate, and I
believe that the arguments produced on this
side of the House and the report made by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Churchill,]
and the arguments produced on the other side
of the House by the minority report, and the
speeches of two of my colleagues on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Randall and Mr. Burr,] have,
perhaps, given to the House all the informa-
tion which will enable them to arrive at a sat-
isfactory conclusion. There are, however, a
few questions, perhaps, of minor importance,
to which I may be excused for referring now
in closing this debate.
I assert, in the first place, Mr. Speaker, that
by correcting one mistake of fact and one of
law, both of which must be corrected in order
to arrive at a just conclusion, and taking the
report of the minority of the Committee of
Elections in this case, Mr. John Covode was
duly, honestly, and fairly elected as member
from the twenty-first district of Pennsylvania.
I say he is elected according to the minority
report itself, correcting simply in that report
one position of law and one of fact.
Let me say a word just here in answer to the
political appeals that have come from the other
side of the House, and they have come in a
civil, kindly, and gentlemanly way. But I say
here now, and it may do for all other cases as
well as this, that such appeals come with a bad
grace from the quarter whence they proceed.
When gentlemen representing the other side
of the House, in our committee or upon this
floor, begin to set us and the people of the
country an example it will be time enough to
scold and complain that we do not follow it.
I have yet to see for the first time in a long
while a divided vote upon that side of the
House, whether they are acting as lawyers,
as politicians, or gentlemen; and I say now o     
that if there is to be a case in this House iff j j tions, on the ground that we are setting at defi-
the Forty-First Congress in which we would 1 ance the will of the people; and gentlemen on
like to have an honorable example of a divided this side of the House are asked to suppose
sentiment on that side of the House this is the 1 that the Election Committee and the Repub-
case, because it is all over against them in law j lican portion of this House, by voting according
i to their political views, are about to disfranchise
the people of this district of Pennsylvania.
and in fact.
My colleague from New York [Mr. Church-
