3044
■THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOflE.
April 27,
try, and who docs not want any tariff beyond"
the 85 per cent:
" Tho first attempt at fastening tho ends of bands
without tho aid or rivets was invented, patented,
and triod in 1S5T. And notwithstanding the palpa-
ble and apparent advantages of a metallic non-elas-
tic bindin? for so inflammable an article as cotton, to
pay nothing of the increased security of iron over-
ripe ns a protection against expansion, lire, and
waste, the capital invested in the manufacture of
rope fought desperately against tho introduction
and use of iron, and successfully until 1SC1, when
tho palpable superiority and advantage of iron bo-
cawo so apparent that transporters and insurance
companies discriminated in iUvor of iron, and tho
popular prejudice gave way.
" Tho consumption of iron bands and ties has
steadily increased since lS.il. and the present de-
mand i< only limited by the cotton crop, as iron takes
preocdenw over rope wherever it can be had. Tho
demand for 18IS1 w.is equal to 12,(X)0 tons, and the
prospective demand for the current year is equal to
UOuO tons.
"Tho attempts to manufacture stock in this Coun-
try have been very perse*eringly tried, with this con-
stant difficulty, that to obtain the necessary strength
the bands had to be made too heavy to escape threat-
ened tare on cotton for tho weight of both bagging
and bands, whilewith proper iron, giving the neces-
sary toughness and strength, with required light-
ness, no complaint exists or tare is exacted unless an
excess of over six bands is used.
"The arrow tie wo represent has hitherto been
found the most available and practical device."
Here is a roan engaged in importing, whose
interests are in favor of the lowest possible
duty, or no duty at all; and he says that they
are obliged to use the thinnest iron which will
answer the purpose, because if they use thick (
iron tare would be charged. Now, I do not
care much if the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logan] be adopted;
but I think the duty upon this iron, when cut
in lengths, ought to be at least as high as the
duty on the hoop iron out of which the lengths
are cut. I think, perhaps, it ought to be a
little more, because, although there is not much
of a manufacture involved, yet the iron is iu
fact cut and punched, and prepared ready for
strapping round the bale.
The question being taken on Mr. Logan's
. amendment to the amendment of Mr. Buck-
ley, it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Bucklet, as amended ; which was
read, as follows :
In line three hundred and flfty-foar, Strike out !
"Sieoata," aud insert" 1( cents."
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. CONNER. I move to Btrike out the
paragraph. The duty under the existing law, i
which is 35 per cent, ad valorem, is equivalent
to about lj cents per pottnd. I do not under-
stand why this House should undertake to in-
crease the present rate of duty: If we strike
out this paragraph the duty Will be left as fixed
in the existing law and as it has stood for some ,
time past. Why should we vote an additional ,
bounty to these manufacturing monopolies?
They should be satisfied to be left undisturbed. ;
They have been prospering under the bounty
which has been granted them by Congress.
This legislation is sectional. It affects but two
interests, the hay-raisers of the West and the
cotton-producers of the South. An increase
of the tariff will be a blow at one section of the
country alone. The agricultural interests of
the great West have an interest in this gates- I
tion; but the southern people, who produce I
cotton and who use the greater pdrtiOii of these '
ties, will suffer more particularity. We have ;
but Recently passed through a most terrible '
civil war, and the hand of the maddened de-
stroyer fell heavily upon otit people. The in-
terests of that section, as a consequence, have
been for a long time languishing; but the peo-
ple there are putting their shoulders to the 1
wheel andendeavoringto resurrect themselves.
The effort on the pdrt of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and some 1
other gentlemen on this floor, to oppress the
industrial interests of that section is not in my
judgment sound statesmanship or good policy.
The blow is one which falls entirely upon the j
laboring interests. It will be felt by the negroes I
who work upon the plantation for one fourth I
the iiop. These "wahh of the tiation" trill
suffer from this increased duty; " I hope, there-
fore, that my patriotic friends who are the guard-
ians of these wards will ponder well ana hesi-
tate long before deciding to increase this dvlty.
[Here the hartimer fbU.]
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chaifriian, I rise to
oppose the amendment, if it be the wish of
the gcntleitten from the cotton States to strike
out this paragraph I forone haVe no objection.
I have no objection to anything my friends
from the cotton States may wish to reduce.
The time will come when we can act in refer-
ence to duty on sugar. I will aid them and
will be happy to join them in any reduction of
the tariff.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman says that he has no
objection to the amendtaent. If he has no
objection to it, then I insist he has no right to
the floor to oppose it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
point of order to be well taken. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin is mistaken in his assertion ; but I for-
give him as he is so frequently mistaken in his
assertions. I said that i had no objections to
strike out certain.portions of the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the gentle-
man to say that lie had no objection to the
proposition of the gentlemen from the cotton
States.
Mr. CONGER. I do not mean to Say but
what the gentleman is occasionally right, and
to his credit I say it; but the regret of his
friends is that he is more frequently wrong.
[Laughter.] I said in regard to striking out
the paragraph that I am willing to go with the
gentlemen who are in favor of reducing the
duty.. I am opposed to the amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama, because it does not
reduce the duty as much as the people of the
North require. And as to the duty on sugar,
I hope when we return to it we shall also be
able to reduce the duty there.
I am opposed to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Texas [Mr. Conner,] which leaves
the rate of duty as it is under the present tariff
which would be $2 43 per hundred. I wish
to call the attention of gentlemen who desire
reduction of duty to the fact that 35 per
cent, ad valorem is equal to 2^ cents per
pound, I am iu favor of reduction. If my
friendsfrom Texas and Alabama wish to make
the duty higher, then I am opposed to their
amendments, because I am in favor of lower-
ing the rate of duty.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to insert after tte
word "descriptions" the words "or twisted
ties made of wire."
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m. hav-
ing arrived, the Committee of the Whole on
the. state of the Union, pursuant to order of
the fiouse, took a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
bve&frha session:
At half past aerfert o'clock p. m. the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed its seSBion, (Mr. Wheeler in the ohair,)
and proceeded with the consideration of the
bill(H. R. No. 1068) to atnend existing laws
relating'to the duty oh imports, and for other
purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk Will report
the pending paragraph.
The Clerk reaa as follows:
On iron hoops and on cbtton ties made of hoop iron
hit to lengths, all sizes and descriptions, 2k eonts
per pound.
The CHAIRMAN. To this an amendment
has been moved by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Holman,] which the Clerk will re-
port.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word "descriptions" insert "or twisMd
ties made of wire."
The CHAIRMAN* There is also a motion
fending, tnadei by the gentleman from Texas.
Mr. Conner] to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the following
statement may be read, as it explains the duty
nbw imposed on this particular form of iron.
The Clerk read as follows:
" I take the llborty of directing your attention to
the article of'twisted ties'in the tariff bill lately
reported by tho Committed df Ways and Moans.
J?or tho last two years these havo been imported as
iron hay bands, at a doty of 35 per cent., under the
head of * manufactures of iron not otherwise enum-
erated.' Farmers havo been supplied with them at
about the cost of wooden hoops, and wherever intro-
duced they consequently have gone into general use.
The proposed duty of 5 cents por pound is equal to
135 por cent, ad valorem, and amounts to a prohibi-
tion, to the manifest injury pf the farmer, loss of
revenue, and without bonefit to any except to one or
two wire-drawers of Now England, through whose
cunning manipulations wire hay bands are mystified
into'twisted ties.'
" Iron cotton ties are fixed by this bill at 2V cents
per pound. A lifeo rate on hay bands would bo 68
per cent, ad valorem. Tho southern planterpays for
his iron tie about G cents por pound, which is returned
to him fourfold in tho salb of his cotton, on which no
tafre is allowod; bnt owing to tho small value of hay
tho hay farmer gets back comparatively nothing."
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that the real point
here will not be misapprehended. There
appears to have been some confusion in the
debate on this paragraph in representing that
the hoops used for baling cotton are also used
for baling hay. This is not the case. The
material used for baling hay, and extensively
introduced in the West for that purpose, is
what is called the "twisted tie," the duty to be
imposed upon which is put in this bill at 5 cents
per pound.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman can show where there is any such
charge as 5 cents per pound imposed upon this
article I should like him to point out the para-
graph which imposes that rate of duty.
Mr. HOLMAN. The article of which I am
speaking I understand to be covered by this
language in the three hundred and seventy-
sixth line: "all iron, or steel-wire rope, or
twisted ties made of wire not less .than No. 16
wire gauge, 6 cents pet- pound." And it is
this twisted tie or wire, asl understand the
matter, which is made use of in baling hay.
That is my understanding of the subrjeet. If
the gentleman from Massachusetts can give
any other explanation I trust he will do so.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
the gentleman is entirely mistaken in repre-
senting that the article he refers to is embraced
in the description in the three hundred and
seventy-sixth line as wire, not less than No.
16 wire gauge. The wire h& refers to cannot
be included under that heading.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the gentleman from
Massachusetts must be laboring uhder a mis-
apprehension. I am satisfied that the article
referred to in line three hundred and seventy-
six is that which is used in baling hay.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I wish to say a word
aponthis subject. I understand that this twisted
tie is what is used by the farmers in baling their
hay. Formerly wooden hoops were used for
baling hay; but now, and for some years back,
you will see in the city of New York the hay
baled about, not with wooden hoops, but With
this wire. The duty hitherto upon this baling,
or these wire bands, has been 35 per cent., ad
valorem. And now the article is' taken aud put
into this section at a dutyof 5 cents per pound.
I believe thRt no gentleman of the committee
would havo known what the "twisted ties" in
the bill meant if they had not been told by some
gentleman familiar with the subject. I am sure
that no gentleman on this floor would hav,e sup-
posed that this language bad reference to hay-
bands. " Twisted ties'' might mean anything
with which yon tied things up, whether made
of rope, or wood, or iron. It looks very-much
as if it had been intended by some party inter-
ested in the manufacture of this article that
this language should be surreptitiously intro-
duced.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order. I submit that the amend-
