18*70.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong. ... 2d Bess.
143
The Public Debt—Mr. Morrell.
Ho. op Reps.
employed people, to meet all demands upon it,
and bring its credit by means of accumulated
gains up to gold values. At present the
heart and life of industry are eaten out by the
Government and its chartered moneyed cor-
porations, while it is beaten down by foreign
competition and spurred to useless and ex-
haustive efforts to pay off at once a vast debt
incurred in the interests of all humanity and
for posterity, who wait to assume their share
of the burden.
The naked proposition to put upon the mar-
ket a loan bearing less than four per cent, in-
terest at this time, when money is scarce, and
the six per cent, loans of the Government sell-
ing for less than par, would be absurd ; but
combine it with such a reformation of the bank-
ing system as is proposed in this bill, and a
home demand for the loan is at once assured,
coupled with the liberation of the currency,
which cannot operate in the least to defer
specie payments or interfere with any rational
or feasible plan for resumption.
To abolish the banks, as has been proposed,
and let loose a flood of greenbacks would have
the efi'ectof deranging values and sending gold
up again, and for these and other reasons I
cannot concur in the Treasury-note theories,
which on their face are very attractive. I am
not atall afraid of the extension of the national
bank currency; and it has come to this, that
such extension must be made or the whole
system must be abolished. Opinions differ as
to the amount of circulating notes needed by the
country, and it has been variously proposed
tr add to the present amount from forty-five
to two hundred million dollars. Why attempt
to set any limit upon it, and why not allow it
to be governed by the law of supply and
demand? A currency secured as is that of
our national banks will be no further circu-
lated than the legitimate enterprise and in-
dustry of the country can find use for it.
What under favorable circumstances may be
riie needs of enterprise and industry J can-
not guess; but I am not afraid that too many
mines will be opened, too many factories, mills,
dwellings, schools, and churches erected, or too
many acres of land eleared and brought into
cultivation. The great progress of the country
in these matters during the past two years has
not been merely apparent and illusory, as some
have tried to prove, butsubstantial; and if there
is just now a check and prospect of decadence it
is because Government, having monopolized
the functions of supplying currency to the peo-
ple, has not kept pace with their rapidly-increas-
ing industries and consequent wants. It has
been depleting instead of increasing the blood
which animates the frame of growing industry.
1 wish to say distinctly that I would do nothing
which would postpone unnecessarily specie pay-
ments, and that the provisions of this bill will
hasten and not delay that happy time. Nor
will I quarrel seriously with that dogma of
almost universal credence that in this fleet-
ing world the precious metals are the only
things of intrinsic and permanent value. All
the satire that lies between the fable of Midas
and the tale of Miss Kilmansegg with her golden
leg has failed to shake this high and holy
religion, and I shall not try to demolish it.
But inasmuch as a convocation of financial doc-
tors would burn me as a heretic, I will risk the
opinion that specie, as it is called, is not the
only, nor, indeed, the best basis for a national
currency. I object to it that, shape it and stamp
it as you will, you cannot impress upon it
the character of nationality. It. is objec-
tionable in that whenever it is most needed it
cannot be retained or obtained, and that in
any time of trial it hides itself and becomes
useless. There is in it no element whatever
of social or popular trust and confidence.
Purporting to be the one thing that can survive
the wreck of political order, it deserts the
endangered ship of State, and republics, mon-
archies, civilization, and barbarism arealike to
it. It is the symbol of grasping selfishness,
and its principal use in our late war was to
gauge the cowardice and faithlessness of those
who thought they could live and thrive though
the Republic should perish. Perhaps, as the
American people have successfully discarded
the principle of absolutism in their Govern-
ment—which is their ultimate assurance of all
acquisitions,enjoyments, and rights—and based
it upon popular faith and confidence, it may
be safe to make this faith, which constitutes
national credit as well as national life, a tan-
gible measure of value. The legal-tender note
did this, and the national bank note, indorsed
by the Government, does it. They served the
nation in its time of trouble, and they were at
all times, and are now, as well assured in value
as houses, lands, goods, or any possession of
the citizen.
Bash as these views may seem to be, they
are so conclusively sustained by illustrious pre-
cedent that I cannot be reproached with origin-
ality. They were substantially put in practice
by the republic of Venice in the twelfth cen-
tury, and were maintained in successful opera-
tion for a period of four hundred years. The
financial necessities of that State required a
forced loan, and the individual contributors
were made the creditors of the Bank of Venice,
receiving at first an annual interest of four per
cent., but afterward, when this debt became
the currency of commerce, no interest at all.
The State took the money and spent it. It
never professed to repay it, and refused to pay
interest upon it, yet such was the faith of the
people in the integrity and stability of the
republic that the reimbursement of the loan
ceased to be regarded as either necessary or
desirable. Every creditor was paid when he
transferred to another person his claim on the
books of the bank, and the security against
loss and the convenience of circulation com-
pensated for the loss of interest. From the
first this debt was practically undemandable
and irredeemable, and it answered all the wants
of the people so much better than coin that it
became the sole money of commerce. During
the whole existence of the bank, except for a
short period, its credit was so much better than
coin that, itwas ata premium, which was finally
fixed by law at twenty per cent. Its history dis-
closes entire confidence on the part of the peo-
ple and good faith on the part of the Govern-
ment, and the popularity and utility of the
system were such that there is said to be no-
where extant a book, pamphlet, or speech con-
demning either its theory or practice. When
the republic fell the bank fell with it, but the
conqueror captured nothing. It is impossible
to look at the history of this little Common-
wealth, beleaguered on every side with foes
and engaged in constant struggles against its
enemies, without recognizing the fact that its
public debt was its principal source of power
and the most efficient promoter of its indus-
trial prosperity and military triumphs.
In the history of that republic we have one
illustration of what our Republic may accom-
plish, and I answer all precedents drawn from
the failures of banks chartered by States, or
by monarchical Governments,with the facts in
the history of Venice and of our own Republic.
The history of Great Britain during the past
few centuries also furnishes a striking exam pie
of the beneficial effects of a great national
debt based on national credit alone.
The bill under consideration provides that
interest on the popular loan shall be payable
in coin, a matter which unfortunately cannot
now be helped. There should never have been
a coin-interest bond, and then the debt would
have remained at home, and we would not now
be puzzled how to get rid of one thousand mil-
lions of six per cents, held in foreign lands.
If we had never made a gold-bearing bond
we would not have been under the necessity
of exacting gold duties, and we would to-day
be in the full enjoyment of a homogeneous
national system of finance, freed from half
the troubles we now suffer, and conferring
double the benefits we now enjoy.
For the convenience of commerce with other
nations it is desirable to conform to the stand-
ard of value recognized by the commercial
world, when it does not involve too great a
sacrifice, and I would therefore like to see our
national currency at par with gold, as I be-
lieve it will soon be if it is left entirely free
and the wealth of the country permitted to
grow up to it. It may be remarked, however,
that even with regard to international com-
merce a specie currency is not so important as
is generally supposed, for coin is never used
in payment of trade balances at its denomina-
tional value, but according to its weight and
fineness, like so much bullion. It is demone-
tized and denationalized the moment it gets its
passport for foreign ports.
It is universally felt and acknowledged that
the nation's credit suffers while it remains un-
able to redeem its legal-tender issues; yet few
fully realize the fact that our credit is similarly-
dishonored while we are unable to redeem the
bonds which the Government now has the option
of paying. The difference between what is re-
deemable and what is demandable amounts to
but little when the debtor and creditor in the
obligation are related to each other as people
and Government. Of the outstanding inter-
est-bearing obligations of the United States,
$644,215,400 are now redeemable, and failure
or incapacity to redeem is charged with conse-
quences similar to those resulting from failure
to pay a matured obligation. The next few
years will add to this sum about one thousand
million dollars; and we shall continue to suffer
from the doubt that the country, which has the
right to pay and cannot, when required to pay
perhaps will not. If there was no right to re-
deem, the ability to do so would not be question-
able ; if there could be no demand of payment,
there would be no fear of repudiation. I pro-
pose to lift the weight of the debt off the cur-
rency that its buoyancy may be demonstrated.
That it will rapidly rise in value I fully believe,
and the faster if freedom gives it force and
volume.
TheGovernmenthasmaintained a statistical
bureau, in charge of a revenue officer, whose
chief object seems to have been to circulate at
public cost crude financial theories, which have
not the pretense of statistical support. As Mr.
Wells has failed to give us the dataupon which
he bases his theories, I wish some other advo-
cate of contraction would take up the currency
reports and record of gold sales in New York
since January, 1862, and point out the con-
nection between expansion of paper money
and what has been erroneously called the de
preciation of the currency. Why was it that
the pricc of gold fell from 172J in Februaiy
to 122J in August, 1863, a new issue between
these dates of $450,000,000 of greenbacks being
authorized and in part made? What caused it
to go up as high as 285 in July of 1864 and to
sell at 222 in the same month ? Was it eontrac
tion of the currency which brought gold down
from 234J in January to 138 in July of 186,">.
and was it expansion that sent it up to 148]
in December of the same year ? Why did it go
as low as 125 in March and April of I860 and
rise to 1C7J in the following June? And with
little increase in the bank circulation, and
constant reduction of Government notes, why
did gold in three years' time never get, down
as low as it was in 1806? Why did it lianj;
at 135-6 during January of last year, and at
