1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3989
teen, to strike out tliese words, which will ac-
complish the same purpose: "on the lakes or
other inland waters dividing that country from
the United States." That is only a restoration
of the old law.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
54, noes 8-1.
So.the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BBNTON. I move to strike out the
words u nor on deposit notes to mutual in-
surance companies, for insurance upon which
policies subject to stamp taxes have been or
are to be used." I do not see why this pro-
vision should be retained, or why they should
be favored more than any others.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 hope the amendment will
be disagreed to.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. KERR. Before passing away from the
twenty-third section, I desire to ask "the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether he understands the first three lines of
that section as exempting from stamp tax all
legal instruments ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is not intended to apply
to the legal instruments to which the gentle-
man refers. They will require no stamp.
Mr. FlNKELNBQiiG. I wish to make an
inquiry in reference to this section. I find in
the present law there is a proviso that all affi-
davits shall be exempt from stamp duty. I
find that proviso is left ouc from this bill. I
wish to inquire of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether there is
anything here which can be construed as a
stamp duly on affidavits.
Mr. SCHISNCK. No, sir; by this bill all
affidavits are exempted from stamp duty.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows :
Sue. 24. And be it farther cnactud, That any person
who, with intent to evade the tax thereon, hluilj
make, si^n, or issue, or cause to bo made, signed, or
issued, any instrument, document, or paper of any
kind or destn ipi ion whatsoever, or accept, negotiate,
or paw oi e.i.uv; to be accepted. negotiated, or paid,
any biil of exchange', drait, or order, or promissory
nofo tor the payment of money, without the same
being duly stamped, and the stamp thereon canceled
ns required by lavr. shall, lor evory such offense, for-
fe«c the sum of iSUv dollars; aud such instrument,
document, or paper, bill, dia.lt. order, or note, not
b«in°, stamped accordim,' to law, shall be deemed
invalid and oi no e fleet: /'roridci. That the title ol
ti purchaser of huid by deed duly stamped shall not
be defeated or ait'octed by the want or a proper stamp
on .my c<mU.ict oi deed convojing s<ud land by any
perviun htnyi, through, or under whom hgrantor
•claims or holds title.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Skc. 23. And bo. it further enacted. That no instru-
ment, document, or paper, required by law to be
stamped, shall be admitted or u«ed as evidence m
any eourt unless the proper stump denoting the
amount ot tax payable thereon shall have been affixed
thereto and canceled as required bylaw; nor shall it
be lawhil to recoid any such instrument, document,
or t>aper utiles? a stamp of the proper amount is
niiixed thereto and canceled in the manner required
by law ; and rherceordof any such instrument, docu-
ment, or p iper, nut taampod as aforesaid, shall not
be admitt'v d or used as evidence in anv court. And
any power ol attorney, conveyance, or document oi
any kind, made in any lorcign country,to be u.-edm
t,lie United States, shall pay the nmo iax aa is re-
paired by law on similar instruments or documents
\\hcn made or issued m the United States, ana the
person to whom the same is issued, or by whoui it is
to be uxtd. shall, before u-ing the same, aftix thereon
ami cancel tile proper stamp l'or the amount of tax
reQuued.
No amendment, beinsc offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Snc '2' . And be d further enacted. That in ease any
person shall m-t have atlixed to any instrument the
Mam p rcg aired by law thereon at tbo timo of making
js-oiina thesaid instrument; aud he, or .any other
peison having an interest therein, shall be desirous
oi alh.xing sueh stamp to said instrument, or, it said
instrument be io^t, to n, copy thereof, he. or such
oilier person, shall appear before the collector of the
proner dHriei, who shall, under regulations to be
jfu^crihed bv tbo Commissioner ot Iutornal Revenue,
u>vm the pavment of the amount of the stamp re-
,-<u!Kd by Jaw, and «t a penalty of firty dollars ; and
vLioic the rvinde amount of the tax denoted by the
.'J:;;no reqmiod ^hall exceed the sum of iifty dollars,
on puvuwsnt a ho ot interest, at the lateof six per
cent., on said tax lioni the duv on which such stamp
oifjchi to have been affixed, alllx the proper stamp to
such instrument or copy and cancel the same, and
note upon the margin thereof the date of his so doing,
and the fact that sueh penalty has been paid: and
the same shall thereupon be deemed and held to bo
as valid, to all intents and purpose?, as if stamped
when made or issued. But if it shall appear upon
evidence satisfactory to said collector that any such
instrument was not duly stamped at the time of
making or issuing the same by reason of accident,
mistake, or inadvertence, and without any willful
design to defraud the United States of the tax, or to
evade or delay the payment thereof, then, and in such
ease, if such instrument, or, if the original be lost, a
copy thereof, duly certified by the otficer having
charge of any records in which such original is re-
quired to be recorded, or otherwise duly proven to
the satisfaction of the collector, shall within six
months after the passage of this act, or within twelve
months alter the making or issuing of said instru-
ment, be brought to the said collector of revonuc to
be stamped, and the stamp tax chargeablo thereon
paid, it shall be lawful for the said collector to remit
the penalty aforesaid, and to atiix and cancel the
proper stamp upon such instrument. And when the
original instrument, or a certilied or duly proved
copy thereof, as aforesaid, thus stamped so as to
entitle the same to bo recorded, shall be presented
to the cleric, register, recorder, or oi her officer ha.\ ing
charge of the original record, it shall be lawful for
such officer upon the payment of the fee legally
chaigeable for the reeoidmg thereof, to make a new
lecord there3f, or to note upon the original record
thoiact that thceiroror omission in the stamping
of said original mstiumeiit has been coirectcd pur-
suant to law ; and the original instrument,, or sueh
certified copy, or the record thereof, may be used in
all courts and places in the same manner and with
like efleet as if the instrument had been originally
stamped. In any case where it shall appear that
the failure to afhx 1 lie stamp required by law on any
instrument at t hi; titno ot making, signing, or issuing
the same was occasioned by the iact, that no collec-
tion distiict was then established at the place where
such instrument was made, signed, or issued, and
that the required stamp wa^ afterward, and before
the duly atlixed thereto, or to a copy thereof,
and canceled according to the provisions of this sec-
tion, the same shall be as valid to .ill intents and
purposes as if stamped originally a>< required by law.
But no right acquncd iu good faith before the stamp-
ing ot any instrument or copy thereof and the record-
ing thereof, shall in any manner bo affected by sueh
subsequent stamping.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am directed by the
Committee of Ways and Means, on page 64,
line fifty-four, to fill the blank with the words
'•'1st day of January, 1871.T7 This is another
extension of time, so that in the South and else
where where they have no collection districts
they may have an additional six months.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. On page G4, in line fifty-two,
scction twenty-six, after the word uat" T
move to insert the words "and no revenue
stamps could be purchased at or within ten
miles of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STONE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
In section twenty-six, line eleven, strike out "fifty
dollars" and insert "five dollars so that that pal t
of the section will read: "under regulations to be
piesenbed l>y the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, upon the payment of the amount of the stamp
required by law, and of a penalty of live dollars."
I ask the attention of th<s chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to the amount
of this penalty, which is a penalty for inadvert-
ence. In the twenty-fourth section it is pro-
vided that the penalty for a fraudulent or inten-
tional evasion of the stamp law is fifty dollars.
By the section now under consideration the
same penalty of fifty dollars is imposed for
inadvertence.
Mr. 8C1:IKNCK. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The twenty-fourth seetiou provides for
a penalty. Then this provideshow that penally
may be paid to the collector without any further
trouble. But if the gentleman will look a little
further down in this section he will find it pro-
vided that '"if it shall appear upon evidence
satisfactory to said collector that any such
instrument was not duly stamped at the tune
of making or issuing the same, by reason of
accident, mistake, or inadvertence," then the
collector is to remit the penalty entirely.
Mr. STONE. So far ns I can understand
the language of the bill the two things are i
entirely separate and distinct. The penalties
for fraudulent evasion are provided in the
twenty-fourth section.
The question was put on Mr. Store's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. H0TCHK1SS. I offer the following
amendment:
On page Of, at the end of tho twenty-sixth scction,
add the following words: "and the testimony of any
party to any such instrument or paper shall bo
admissible."
Mr. PETERS. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman that he add to his amendment these
words: "and the testimony of a respondent
in any crimiual case under this act shall be
received.''
Several Members. Itis better without that.
Mr. PETEKS. Then I will not press it.
The question was put on the amendment of
Mr. Hotciiktrs ) and it was agreed to.
Mr. GKISWOLD. I offer the following
amendment:
On page 02, line eleven, strike out the words " of
fifty dollars," and insert the tollowiog words:" equal
in amount to ten times the amount ol the stamp
required by law to be placed on such instrument."
I notice, Mr. Speaker, that there is to be a
discretion vested in the collector. That is, if
it is proved to his satisfaction that the neglect to
stamp the instrument at the time was not with
the design to defraud the revenue, he may remit
the penalty. Now, there may be many cases
where the neglect arose purely from an accident
where it may be difficult to prove thai to the
callector. K will be seen here that when the
stamp is left ofl', though the amount of the
stamp be fifty dollars, the parly has to' pay but
fifty dollars penalty. So when the amount of
the stamp is but one dollar he will still have
to pay the same penalty of fifty dollars. It
seems to me that the penalty should be grad-
uated j that whether there is any doubt or not
as to whether in leaving off the stamp it was
intended to defraud the revenue, the penalty
should be in proportion to the amount of the
stamp which was left off.
The question was put on Mr. Griswold's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. STONE. 1 offer the following amend-
ment :
Strike out all after tho word "ispued," in lino
twenty, to the word "collector,"in line twenty-one,
to wit, tho words but if it shall appear upon evi-
dence satisfactory to said collcclor," and insert the
following: *' but. if it shall appear on ihc oath of
the party holding or filing for record any instrument
requiring a stamp, sueh oath to bo mado before said
collector."
Mr. ALLISON. I would call the attention
of the gentleman from Maryland to the fact
that the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hotouiusk,] just adopted,
will substantially cover what he proposes,
the evidence of the party having been made
admissible.
Mr. STONE. T withdraw the amendment.
ail^SAGIS FUOM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Porter, his Private Secretary,
announced that the President had approved
and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (IT. li. No. 1000) for the relief of
Otis N. Cutler, of Missouri:
An act (K. Jt. No. 2005) to further amend
the law of the District of Columbia in relation
to judicial proceedings, and preserving the
records of marriages therein ;
An act (11. R. No. 20Gi) to repeal the pre-
amble of an act in relation to the National
Theological Institute, approved April 22,1870;
An act (li. It. No. 21HS3) to authorize the
reduction of the width of an alley in square
No. o7G, in the city of Washington ; and
An act (H. It. No. 2002) for the relief of the
officers and crew of the ship Nightingale.
INTERNAL TAX DILL AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
internal tax bill.
The Cleik read ay follows:
Sec. 27, And be u further ea'tcted, That no instru-
ment, document, writing, or paper of any'description,
refiUiredbylaw to be stamped, shall boheid invaiUi
for the want of the particular kind or stamp act-
uated for and denoting the tax ihficou. piovideu a
lesai stamp or stamps, demoting a tax ul c-qua.
amount, shall h&v© been duly aLiXcd and uauu
