1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2101
Again, and hyfar the moat inexcusable mode
of attack is that which asks a gift of the pub-
lic domain for alleged purpose of internal
improvement. In almost every case of this
kind a few needy, unscrupulous speculators
are the only participants in the benefits of the
gift. In one distinguished and recent instance
a great corporation obtaiued both land and
money under the pretext of the construction of
a great enterprise of national merit and neces-
sity. It first obtained from Congress an enor-
mous gift of land, and subsequently a subsidy
in money sufficient to pay the whole cost of
construction ; and not content with these grat-
uities, it is said that, an application has been
made to the Department of the Interior for an
additional stipend on some pretended grounds
of merit. There has been hundreds of millions
given to encourage steamships and other pri-
vate enterprises whete no other beneiit was
given in return except to those who were pecu-
niary interested. Millions were expended dur-
ing and sineetlio, war to provide shelter, cloth-
ing, and education to colored freedmen, not
one dollar of which could have been rightfully
taken from the Treasury. This was a shame-
ful abuse of a public trust, not only because
Congress has 110 power to distribute alms, but
also because if one class, however meritorious,
has the right to receive such favors others of
like destitution at the North certainly must
have the same right.
But no class has any such claim upon the
Government. It is 110 part of its prerogative
to distribute alms or to perform eleemosynary
duties. Another source of illegal expenditure
may be found in the vast hordes of officials who
are eating out the body-politic and who prey
upon tho revenues in advance of their receipt
by the Treasury. Mvery session iiuds new offices
created, merely for tile purpose of supplying
the thirst f or place. Lj mi or the pretext of neces-
sity for the execution 0!' some otUeial duty,
additional agentsare created. This isa draught
upon the tax-payer of 110 small magnitude.
The civil list has thus grown to an enormous
aggregate. It lias become an army fearful to
contemplate. Well may it be said that this is
indeed a favored class who feed at the public
crib with little return. So great has become
the advantages to those thus selected that, an
unnatural thirst for office has sprung into being
throughout the country, and wo iind the admin-
istration of public affairs almost, entirely ob-
structed by the swarms of pressing applicants
impossible to shake oil'. And almost equally
unjust to the great body of the people may be
classed the money voted for private claims, too
often fraudulent, appropriations for local im-
provements, the renewals of patents, the boun-
ties to lailroad and ^leamship companion, the
reimbursement of moneys to contractors on
alleged grounds of inadequate compensation,
and a thousand other ingenious devices to ob-
tain the favors of the Government without
return or equivalent.
Thus far, Mr. Chairman, f have spoken only
of the open and direct subversion by Con-
gress of the principle of equal legislation. 1
have enumerated that part of this vicious sys-
tem which gives outright the people's money
or property, in dollars and cents, in direct be-
quests. There is another part of the same
system which accomplishes the same result by
another process. It takes the money from the
people before it is paid into the public coffers;
indeed, it goes further ; it deprives the Treas-
ury of what honestly belongs to it, and taxes
nineteen twentieths of the population besides
for its own exclusive advantage. I refer to
those laws which impose a heavy duty on par-
ticular articles of consumption, so that those i
of our own country who produce or make the j
same articles may have 110 foreign competition, I
and are thus enabled to charge an advanced j
price to the consumer, to the extent of the duty I
levied. These are known as protection tariffs I
or imposts laid at a higher rate than simple !
revenue will justify. 'Thus, by this kind of i
laws the favored few receive large benefits,
denied to the great many.
Congress, with its paternal care, throws its
mantle around them, leaving all others, not
receiving like favors, to take care of them-
selves. There is no difference to the people
between the cases here stated. One takes the
people's money after it gets into the public strong
box; the other accomplishes the same thing
by an indirect process, equally wrong, unjust,
and improper. _ The advocates of this system
of partial legislation call it protection to
American industry, and thus by the old mode
of seeking to deceive tinder false colors at-
tempt to justify a grievous wrong. It is not
protection to anybody or any branch of in-
dustry. There is no protection in it at all. It
is simply, to speak plain, an ingenious device
to give a few, and very few persons, when
compared with the whole population—who are
all affected—an undue, unjtvst, unequal, and
dishonest advantage over all others ; to kill off.
competition, by which they are enabled to ex-
tort from those who consume their products
an inordinate and extravagant price. This is
not, protection; it is plunder; it is tribute
wrongfully wrung from those who have no
redress; an exaction, a forced levy made by
Government 011 the earnings of the masses,
not for the benefit of Government but for the
exclusive profit of a few.
But let us admit that it is protection, and
a protection to the manufacturer or producer
of the article on which the high duty is laid ;
does this lessen the error? I think not. How-
ever justifiable on grounds of encouragement
to the branch ol trade benefited, why shall
anyone class of persons receive such favors
denied to others ? if it is right in one case, so
will it be in all others. If the cotton manu-
facturer, or the iron-monger, or the eoal miner
should be entitled to such governmental pro-
tection, so should the merchant, the trades-
man, and the agriculturist. The latter, as an
element of the national population, according
to the census of 18t>0, bore the proportion to
the whole of forty-one per cent. 'The last re-
port of the Commissioner of the Hevenue esti-
mates it now to be fifty per cent. This authority
also gives an interesting statement of ihe value
of tho leading industries of the country, which
shows how small are all others compared with
agriculture. Mr. Wells presents a statement
of tho values created by the leading industries
of the country, as follows:
Aicriculturo $3,282,950 0J0
l.'nUuu lmuml'nctuic  1 l.fuw.'uuo
"Woolen manufacture     (ii; ooo'pfio
Tron production, pijc and liar  ll'.i/.r.iMlDO
ijoatlior mannlacturos.......    . 222,(300,(100
Kailwaj' Kervioo  .'W.tiilu'ouo
1'ishories  lcO.OOJ.OOO
f 1,22!, OOP, 000
Thus it appears that the total value of man-
ufactures of all kinds was under five, hundred
million dollars, while that of agriculture alone
was ovor three thousand two hundred and
eighty two million, and, together with other
productions,not manufactures,comprises seven
eighths of" the entire productive industry of
tho wholo country.
No better proof can bo adduced of the unjust
inequality of that legislation which bestows
special favors 011 an interest so insignificant
when compared with the agricultural. In replv
it may be said that the agricultural interest
needs 110 protection, as it has no foreign com-
petition. That may bo true ; but it is equally
entitled to favor notwithstanding. The farmer
or planter may elect to take it in the way of
subsidy by direct appropriation. The principle
is the same. Ihose who receive protection j
selcct another mode of attack upon the pockets '
of the people, through legislation. ' 1
1 he consumer is compelled bv law to pay
them so much more than they would without
such laws, while under the same principle
those who grow corn, wheat, rve. and other
articles, the results of agricultural labor, would
be entitled to a bonus in dollars and cents, to
be given directly from the public Treasury.
Indeed, as between the two methods of robbing
the people, the latter would be more manly,
open, and frank. The manufacturers ask for
protection on the ground of the necessity to the
continuance of their business. Prices of for-
eign goods are too low, say they, and they must
have help or sink. It is low prices that they
complain of. They want Congress to enable
tliem to raise prices. What has the majority
of our population to say to this ? Do they want
Congress to enhance prices to the consumer?
Can any member of this House justify himself
to his constituents for complying with such a
demand made 011 such grounds? How much
more plausible would be a similar cry if now
made by the western farmer, whose grain has
fallen in price below the cost of production.
He could say with some show of excuse, that
as yet he has had none of those benefits, while
the manufacturer has had it off and on forfifty
years; and though he does not ask it in the
same form, yet he is equally entitled, and will
take it in some other form. The truth is, that
in granting any suehgovernmentalprops to any
interest, a wrong is done to all others. It is not
only unequal legislation, bat it is a violation
of the trust imposed in the Government itself.
Government is asked to descend from its high
functions and become the agent of a portion
of the community; to extort, under the pre-
tense of encouragement to industry, tribute
from the rest of the community. To do so is
to defeat the end and object of republican
government, by making it an engine of oppres-
sion on one side and a dispenser of alms on
the other.
But the advocates of high duties do not
always justify themselves 011 the ground ol"
promoting home industry. When driven from
one position to another in support of their
designs, they finally fall back on the necessity
of revenue, averring that the condition of the
country requires the largest possible income
from this source, and that hence high duties
are necessary to produce large results. While
denying that they would impose a duty merely
for the purpose of protection, they add that
if, in looking after revenue, any branch of home
industry shall be incidentally benefited, so
much the better. This is specious sophistry,
and those who use this argument know its fal-
lacy. Revenue and protection cannot both be
obtained by the same duty. The one is incon-
sistent with the other. When a rate of duty
reaches the maximum of a revenue standard,
it is still too low to offer protection. A revenue
duty_ is just that amount which shall j ustify the
foreign exporter to send his goods to this
country without loss. His shipments are regu-
lated by the prices he can obtain here, and
these prices arc dependent not only on the
original cost of production, but also, m addi-'
tion, the cost of entry and transportation into
the country. It is the aggregate of them which
includes the imposts, which makes up the total
value : ^ and he must be sure of securing all this
and a little more to warrant him in making the
venture.
Now,_ if the duty is raised, the cost, to that
extent, is advanced, which decreases consump-
tion, and of course, the quantities imported,
ijius in decreasing the amount of the imports
it necessarily decreases the amount of duty
received by the Government, and deprives it
or revenue. It is no proper reply to this posi-
tion to say that as much revenue could be ob-
tained from a small importation at a high rate
of (tut--  11 ' 1 ■ - - ®
s not the case. The
arbitrary law of supply and demand, which is
of even higher authority than legal enactments,
Steps in to regulate consumption ; and this lav/
is under the control of a higher pov/er. namely,
that of the necessity and capacity of the con-
sumer.
This principle is especially applicable to
