2102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
foreign merchandise, which are in tlie main
dispensable articles, being not absolutely ne-
cessary to human subsistence. We can do
without them, and will do without them, espe-
cially in hard times, which comprehends the
larger period of time to most people. Now,
therefore, a true revenue tariff is just that
amount of duty which will secure the largest
possible income; and this is mainly dependent
on the nice adjustment of the duty, so as not
to reduce competition ; and while this is of
course at times affected by the monetary con-
ditions of the Government, yet such influences
are but temporary. No two things can be more
antagonistic to each other than duties for both
revenue and protection. They would be not
only opposite to each other, but, as I have said,
inconsistent with each other. The one is hos-
tile and the other friendly to the articles on
which they are levied, Keveilue encourages
importation—protection discourages it; the
design of the one is to increase, and the other
is to decrease importation.
But the friends of the protective system
have other arguments by which they seek to
sustain their untenable doctrines. Like all
schemes to empty the pockets of the people
they are provided with reasons based on public
good. In this case they often appeal to the
lower impulses of our nature, which has an
inherent hostility to all foreign interests.
They say that they ask only a patriotic arm
of defense against foreign competition, a
shield to preserve American industry from
the pauper, and hence cheaper, labor of
Europe. This, though the most popular argu-
ment used, is nevertheless the most absurd.
It cannot stand the light of day for an instant.
It is not the fact. There is no true rivalry
between foreign and domestic industry requir-
ing official protection of the latter from the
overwhelming and superior power of the other.
Let us examine the subject a lis tie further.
The goods we receive from abioad are paid
for by goods sent abroad in return. It is an
exchange of products. From this it follows
that if there be no export trade there will be
no import trade, and thus to cut off the imports
is to cut off the exports. It is, then, not the
imports, but the exports which are exchanged
for them, and without which they would not
be introduced at nil, that causes in reality-
the competition. It matters not how low the
wages of other countries and how cheap their
productions, if wc have no exports they can-
not compete with ours. The real competition,
then, is with that industry which produces the
articles for export, and which purchases them
and carries them abroad and brings back the
imported articles in exchange for them ; and
the real complaint is that those so employed
can furnish the market cheaper than those
who manufacture articles similar to the import-
ed ; and what in truth is asked is that this
cheaper process of supplying the market should
be taxed by imposing high duties on the im-
portation of the articles received in exchange
for those exported, in order to give the dearer
a monopoly, so that it may sell its products
for higher prices. It is in fact a warfare on
the part of the manufacturing industry and
those associated with it against the export in-
dustry of the community and those associated
with it.
Now, I ask, what is that export industry ?
What is the amount produced, and the num-
ber of persons connected with it compared
with those who ask a monopoly against it? To
answer these qnestions with entire accuracy
is at this time quite impossible. The census
of I860 would give them at that time, but the
changes effected in these respects within the
intervening ten years are quite sufficient to
render them unfit for this purpose at this time.
Fortunately we have more recent data in the
report of the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue. Though he does not cover all these
points he presents sufficient for an approxi-
mate estimate by which to answer the others.
The value of the exports of merchandise for
the year ending June 30, 1869, in gold, was
$286,519,344, to which must be added the
exports in gold and bullion of $57,138,380,
making our total exports $343,657,724. The
great aggregate of this sum was made up of the
results of American industry, the products of
the field, the forest, the ocean, and the mines.
It is fair to presume that not one tenth of it
was of those articles called manufactured
goods. Indeed, an examination into the de-
tails of exports will show that but little is
exported which requires home protection. Onr
exports are made up of the vast mass of indus-
try of the country. It is difficult to state the
precise number ofpersons employed in creating
these products, and in their transmission
abroad, and in the various industries neces-
sarily connected with them, but it is quite
apparent that they bear a very large, prepon-
derating proportion to all the others engaged
in every kind of employment.
Such is the export industry of the country;
such its amount; such the sources from which
it is drawn; such the variety and magnitude
of its branches; and such the proportion in
numbers, whicli those who are employed in it,
directly and indirectly, bear to those who are in
like manner employed in manufacturing in-
dustry. It is this vast and various amount of
industry employed at home, and drawing from
the forest, the water, and the soil, as it were by
creation, this immense surplus wealth to be
sent abroad and exchanged for the produc-
tions of the rest of the globe, which is stigma-
tized as foreign industry! I know that it
may be said, in reply to this view of the ques-
tion, that the war and its consequent crea-
tion of an enormous public debt, certificates
for which have been largely sent to Europe,
damage this theory; that we are now in an
anomalous condition and cannot argue from
premises so totally different.. It cannot be
denied that the country is now in an unnatural
state, laboring under a feverish and diseased
condition, the result of which no man can tell.
A great social revolution has been effected,
which leaves us with entire new interests, ques-
tions, and responsibilities. Whether we can
adapt ourselves successfully to this order of
things, and carry the ship of State through the
troublesome seas and dangers which surround
it, is problematical. We may get through safe ;
but I fear it will require a higher order of in-
tellect and a purer patriotism than appears
to exist at this time in either the people or the
structure of the nation.
The only particularly cheerful aspect of our
condition is derived from our increasing pro-
ducts. If the prosperity of a people is to be
judged by the increase of material wealth, as
shown in the greatly enlarged crojis of the
Soutli and West, we have no cause for alarm.
Doubtless the substantial additions made within
a year to the national wealth in those sections
will of themselves go far and do much to avert
a danger otherwise imminent and serious. But
notwithstanding this, there is danger ahead.
We import more than we export, and are pay-
ing the difference in national bonds and other
obligations, which at any moment can be thrust
upon us and be converted into coin on foreign
account. In addition to this, we have inaug-
urated a system of severe, direct taxation,
which, whether wrong or right, necessary or
unnecessary, draws deeply upon the pockets
of the people, taking in some eases almost the
last dollar. Again, high prices prevail, which
it is almost impossible to reduce without spread-
ing wide disaster. If maintained, people of lim-
ited resources cannot stagger under them much
longer, and if reduced to meet the changed
condition of the times, the holders of mer-
chandise, who comprehend the larger body
of traders of the country, must succumb to
financial ruin. We have to encounter, in
addition, a depreciated and irredeemable cur-
rency.
The effect of this is all-pervading, reaching
every class and every household, from which
none can escape, whether opulent or poor. It
is true these new elements recently introduced
influence somewhat at the moment the true
adjustment of our international industrial ex-
changes. But the present is the abnormal and
not the normal condition of the country ; our
relations are temporarily affected by causes
stated; but this does not change the funda-
mental fact that a fair exchange of commerce
is the only basis upon which any nation can
long maintain itself. As has been well said,
"product for product is the absolute condi-
tion on which alone commerce is possible,"
in that we cannot buy if we do not sell, and
we cannot sell if from legislation or any other
cause we appreciate the prices of our products
to such an extent as to preclude foreign de-
mand. As between maritime nations having
a reciprocal trade—and no two countries can
maintain a trade with each other very long
cxcept on such a basis—there can be no great
discrepancy in the prices of labor, all things
considered ; therefore this plausible assertion
that certain manufacturers require protection
from the cheaper labor of Europe has little or
no real foundation. Let us abandon all such
practices, avoiding legislation of a special
character.
These are great questions, all-pervading and
vital, which are being thrust upon our atten-
tion in the condition of the country. It is
neither wise nor patriotic for us to avoid our
duty in meeting them. We have no time to
spend in granting relief to individual interests
when the whole body-politic itself "is sick
nigh unto death." Let us take up the con-
sideration of the higher politics involved in
the general welfare, and consummate some
substantial and permanent provision for the
more imperative demands of the Government
itself. The public debt is enormous, taxation
is onerous, and begins to be almost unbear-
able. Our indebtedness to foreign countries
is hourly increasing, demanding large draughts
on the industry of the people to meet the pay-
ment of its interest; the producing classes are
dissatisfied, and justly complaining of too great'
a difference between their expenditures and
receipts. Hundreds of millions are collected
in the centers of capital, and retained there
for merely speculative and stock jobbing pur-
poses, while the legitimate trader, the agri-
culturist, and the manufacturer, find it diffi-
cult to get money enough for the prosecution
of their avocations. National banks, the
creatures of Congress, though receiving a
double interest on their capital, have become
the agencies of Wall street cornering opera-
tions, loaning their money for purposes not
only improper and illegal, but in a way which
is destroying all business of a sound, mercan-
tile character. The public funds on hand in
the Treasury Department have been made an
instrument for bulling and bearing the credit
of the Government; at times to depress and
again to raise the market value of the bonds and
the price of gold, thus throwing a new element
into the financial system utterly subversive of
public morality, commercial stability, mercan-
tile values, and the security of trade. The
exports and imports are fearfully out of pro-
portion, to our disadvantage, the American
tonnage has nearly disappeared from the ocean,
and ship-building has ceased to be one of our
industries.
Though the principal leading railroads of
the country which connect the West with the
East owe their existence to the bounty of
Congress, yet it costs the farmer to get his
crops to the eastern market a sum as freight
greater than the value of the crops themselves.
The currency is depreciated because it is irre-
deemable ; the faith of the Government as rep-
resented by its circulating currency is dishonest.
We repudiate our just obligations by refusing
to pay what we promised to pay to the holders
of our greenbacks, so many dollars " on de-
mand." This is not only a national disgrace.
