1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
in this oase that the change was made from any
improper motives on the part of the officers of the
election, or that the election was improperly con-
ducted at the place where itwas held. Yet the great
evils that might result from the exercise of such
power by the officers of elections would be sufficient
to bring its exercise under the condemnation of the
law, and prevent the Legislature from establishing
such precedent.
Believing the election held in Sharon township
illegal, the committee have adopted the following
resolution:
lietolved. That John B. Beck has received the
highest number of legal votes, and is.entitled to his
seat as one of the members of this house from the
district composed of the counties of Lycoming, Clin-
ton, and Potter.
Whioh is respectfully submitted.
II. D. FOSTER,
JOHN THOMPSON,
JAMES B. ORB.
JOHN FAUSOLD,
S. A. BACKUS.
JESSE PEARSON, '
SAMUEL HILL,
GEORGE G. BRUSH.
Mr. STILES. Was the election in that case
held at the place required by law ?
Mr. CESSNA. X have quite a number of
other facts to which I would like to allude, but
my time is so nearly expired that-1 will only
further allude to tlie case referred to by my
colleague [Mr. Randall] in opening his argu-
ment. He said that the court m Pennsylvania
had lately given a decision in the case of
Myers t>a. Moffett, which applies to the ques-
tion as to the votes of the two districts which
the majority of the committee seek to ex-
clude.
Now, in the first place, in answer to what
was stated by my colleague, I would say that
the committee and the House in that case de- j
cidedthat Mr. Myers was elected by a majority
of 90 votes, without throwing out the entire >
votes of any districts. The committee, how- |
ever, did report in favor of throwing out the j
votes of two districts. In that case which the
gentleman cited two of the judges werein favor
of throwing out the votes of two precincts, on
the evidence before them, and two of the judges
were not in favor of so doing.
Now, I assert that the evidence before the
court in that case was utterly and wholly differ-
ent from the evidence before the committee in
this case. I assert that in the case before the
court there were frauds proved affecting 61
votes in the one district, while the number
before the committee of this House was 103,
making a difference of 42.
In the seventh division of the seventeenth
ward the number of votes shown to be illegal
before the court was 39, and before the Com-
mittee of Elections it was 96; making a differ-
ence of 57. I Say, in addition to that fact, that
with very slight evidence before the court, less
than half that which we had before the com-
mittee, they were divided, two and two, in favor
of throwing out both these polls. I have no
kind of doubt that if half the additional evi-
dence which we had before our committee
had been before the court, they would have
unanimously rejected those polls.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHURCHILL. I now yield ten minutes
tothegentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. POLAND. My friend from New York
[Mr. Churchill] of the Committee of Elec-
tions has very kindly offered me ten minutes
to express my views in reference to this case.
I believe that is more time than I shall need.
I think I may claim, with some expectation
that my statement will receive the approbation
and assent of gentlemen upon both sides of
this House, that since I have been a member
of this House I have endeavored, in the decis-
ion of cases in relation to the right to sit upon
this floor, to be governed by principles of fair-
ness and justice; that I have not allowed my
judgment to be warped by political and par-
tisan considerations; that in giving my vote
here, and in my action as a member of the
Committee of Elections, which I was in the
last Congress, I have endeavored to decide
them as honestly and impartially as if the par-
ties had been litigants before me, aad I pro-
pose to look at this case in precisely the same
way.
I have not gone through the large volume
of testimony. I have taken the report of the
majority of the committee as an honest exposi-
tion of the facts that were proved before them,
and I do not understand that it is substantially
assailed by the gentlemen who have made the
minority report and argued in favor of giving
the seat to Mr. Foster.
Now, upon the facts that are reported by the'
committee, treating them as a special verdict
upon which we are to declare the law, is enough
shown in reference to the unfair and partial
conduct of the officers of election in these two
precincts or districts, Dunbar township and
Youngstown district, so that their returns can-
not be relied upon as proper official evidence
of the number of votes given and the qualifi-
cations of the voters ?
The election law of Pennsylvania, like the
election laws of all the States, provides a great
variety of safeguards about the ballot-box for
the purpose of securing honesty and fairness,
that nohody shall be allowed to vote except
those who are by law entitled to vote, and that
no votes shall be counted except those that are
honestly and lawfully given.
Now, when it appears that all those require-
ments of the law have been complied with, why,
then, legal effect is given to the returns of the
officers. We are to assume that the votes were
honestly counted that were given, and that
nobody was allowed to vote except those who
were by law entitled to vote. But when it is
shown that the requirements of the law have
not been complied with, and that there has
been, a willful and purposed departure from the
law, why, then, this legal effect ceases.
If any gentleman will read over the report
of the majority of the Committee of Elections
in relation to the conduct of the election offi-
cers in both these precincts of districts it
must be perfectly apparent to them and beyond
reasonable cavil that these departures from
the law were purposed departures. They de-
parted from it for the purpose of making polit-
ical advantage for their candidate. I say no
man can read what the Committee of Elections
have reported in relation to the conduct of the
officers of these two precincts or districts with-
out being satisfied that they did not design to
carry out the requirements of the law.
Now, that being so, what is the legal conse-
quence ? Why, the evidence furnished by the
returns of these officers is to have no legal
effect. The returns are not to be regarded as
any evidence either of the number of the votes
cast or the qualifications of the persons who
cast them. It is true nobody is to be disfran-
chised by it; no candidate is to lose anything;
but he must not rely upon these returns as
any evidence of the number of votes that he
received or of the qualifications of the voters.
In order to entitle himself to have any votes
counted for him under these circumstances it
becomes his duty to resort to evidence outside,
evidence de hors, as lawyers would say, for the
purpose of showing how many and who were
the qualified voters who voted for him ; and
here I apprehend is where my friends upon
the other side have mistaken the law. They .
say there was evidence that in these two pre-
cincts some persons voted who were not legally
entitled to vote. And they say that evidence
having been given in relation to the non-quali-
fication of some of the persons who voted at
these precincts, we are therefore to take it for
granted that all the other persons who voted
were qualified to do so. But that is not the
legal effect of such testimony.
Now, the evidence furnished by the returns
of those officers having been thrown aside, there
is no evidence that any one who voted there
was qualified to vote. And if Mr. Covode or
Mr. Foster would have counted for him any
vote cast in those precincts he must show that
such and such a person did vote, did vote for
him, and also that he was legally qualified to
vote. There is where my friends have mistaken
the law. When a return has been thrown aside
there is no presumption about it. Each man
must show now many votes he received, who
gave them, and that they were cast by persons
qualified to vote.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to interrupt him by a question ?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that when it is shown in any
' particular precinct that there were some illegal
' | votes, then every other vote there cast must be
rejected, unless proved to be legal by inde-
pendent testimony ?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly not; and if the
, gentleman had listened to what I said he would
| not have asked me that question.
Mr. WOODWARD. I did listen to the gen-
tleman, and thought I understood him. I want
to know from my friend or from some other
gentleman at what point of time it is that the
whole poll of a precinct that has been assailed
is to be rejected ?
Mr. POLAND. Whenever it is shown that
the election officers have willfully disregarded
the provisions of law in reference to conduct-
ing elections, then their official return is to be
entirely thrown aside. I do not claim, and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] must have greatly misunderstood me if
he understood me to claim, that merely because
some illegal votes were cast in any election
precinct therefore the whole return from that
precinct must be thrown aside. But when it
is shown that the officers of election for that
precinct have misconducted themselves, have
disregarded the provisions which the law has
thrown around the ballot-box for the purpose
of keeping it pure, and that disregard was not
merely accidental or from ignorance, but was
a willful perversion of and departure from the
law, and there is reasonable occasion to be-
lieve that it was done for the purpose of allow-
ing illegal votes to be cast, then the return is
to be thrown aside, and no vote is to be counted
except as each man proves that a vote was
given for him, and that it was a legal vote.
Mr. WOODWARD. I would inquire of the
gentleman if he holds that the right of legal
voters to have their votes counted must depend
upon the conduct of others ?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly not. But it must
be proved that the legal voters have voted.
When the return of the election officers is
shown to be so in violation of law that no credit
or faith can be given to it, then the legal voter
is to prove that he did actually vote, and he must
prove it in some other way than by the election
return.
Mr. BURR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ? .
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. BURR. Does the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] assume—or 1 will not use
the word "assume," but ask—does the gentle-
man find in the record any proof to show that
at any voting place in the district in question
any such facts really existed as he says would
vitiate the returns of the election officers?
Mr. POLAND. I have already stated that
for my particular knowledge of the facts I
relied upon the report of the committee; that
I have not myself looked into the evidence at
all. What I say in this case is based upon the
facts as the Committee of Elections report
them. I do say, and I believe, that every gen-
tleman who will read the report of the majority
of that committee will say that unless they have
falsified the facts their report does show willful
misconduct on the part of the election officers
in both of these election precincts to such an
extent as to vitiate their returns.
Mr. RANDALL. That is altogether an
assumption. There is not a semblance of
justification in the evidence for assuming a
disregard of Jaw by the officers in either of
those townships. ,
Mr. JUDD. I desire, with the consent of
