144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 10,
Ho. oe Reps.
The Public Debt—Mr. MorreH.
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
131 during March ? What held it at 140 or
over during May, and having dropped to 131J
in August, was it new issues of greenbacks or
bank notes that sent it up to 140, and finally to
162 J in September? Since the latter dates there
have been no speculative combinations worth
mentioning, yet the price of gold averaged
nearly eighteen cents on the dollar (being over
thirteen per cent.) lower in the month of March,
1870, than in the month of October, 1869. This
decline of eighteen cents on the dollar, which
seems likely to be permanent, bears such pro-
portion to the authorized circulation that ac-
cording to the theories of the contractionists it
is equivalent to a withdrawal of the currency
to the amount of $96,000,000, yet no contrac-
tion has been made.
The potent causes which have effected and
maintained this reduction in the price of gold
are apparently independent of the volume of
the currency, and may possibly obliterate the
premium altogether before the constituents of
the gentlemen who resolved to circulate Com-
missioner Wells's arguments in favor of con-
traction have had time to read and condemn
its special pleadings and manifest fallacies.
The quotations of gold which I have given are
taken from the record, which discloses daily,
weekly, and monthly fluctuations as great as
.those cited, and quite as irreconcilable with
the teachings of that class of hard-money
theorists to which our special Commissioner
belongs.
I cannot see that the fluctuations in the pre-
mium on gold mark or measure the expansion
or contraction of the currency, nor does the
existence of the premium prove its redundancy.
Limitation of circulating notes as a means of
resuming specie payments i-ests upon theory
alone, and in the light of past experience is
utterly worthless. The country must work out
of its embarrassments and grow out of them ;
it must earn and accumulate; and to do this
it must have what constitutes the life-blood
of industry, circulating notes in abundance.
There are many and grave reasons why they
should be national bank-notes rather than
direct issues from the Treasury. I do not
believe it is practicable to make the United
States Treasury do a banking business for the
whole country. It has been proposed to retire
the national bank-notes and to employ a new
issue of greenbacks in the purchase of bonds
to be held in reserve by the Treasury, interest
being suspended while so held, and exchanged
for notes, the notes to bo again exchanged for
bonds, at the pleasure of the holder. The
advocates of this schema claim that it would
give flexibility to the currency aud confer upon
the Treasury all the profits to be derived from
a banking business; but I fear it would not
realize their expectations.
Those who want money to use in business
have not United States bonds, nor the means
of purchasing them. Business men require
credit upon transactions not yet completed, in
anticipation of profits and to enable them to
realize a profit, and by indorsing for each other
they obtain a discount; or having made an
operation they have not money, but the paper
ot their customer, at thirty, sixty, or ninety
days, which upon their indorsement the bank
■will discount, and they sacrifice a portion of
the profits of one transaction that they may
embark at once in another. If the condition
of their obtaining a loan were the deposit of
Government bonds they could never get it.
The Treasury would not and could not be a
bank, but it might be a pawnbroker's shop on
a large scale. It will not be seriously proposed
to establish local Treasury agents to do a reg-
ular banking business, for the agents or officers
must be appointees of the party in control of
the Federal Government, and I should not be
■willing to trust such enormous powers to any
political party, not even my own. Under the
greenback system there would be local banks
and banking either by individuals T>r by State
corporations, lending, not their notes, but the
notes of the Government obtained by exchange
of bonds with the Treasury.
National bank notes oaa easily be put out
of the way, for the power which created can
destroy them. Having done this, and having
printed greenbacks, the Treasury would offer
to exchange them for bonds; but the need of
currency would have to be overpowering to
induce the bondholder to bring his bonds, bear-
ing six per cent, gold interest, compounded
semi-annually, worth fifteen per cent, premium,
to relinquish them for demand notes. Persons
desirous of entering upon a wholly irresponsible
banking business, or rather into the business
of shaving notes, might make this exchange;
but for currency thus obtained what would
needy borrowers have to pay ? It would be the
most costly money ever used by any people.
There could be no general system of exchange
of notes and bonds unless under extraordinary
pressure, and it would be necessary to go into
the market and purchase bonds which would
continue to be at a premium while the Govern-
ment purchases, and decline to par when the
Government is exchanging them for currency.
Should the Government simultaneously buy
and exchange them at par, there might be no
premium, but it is hard to tell. If the Treas-
ury should offer to take all the wheat it could
get at $1 15 a bushel, or the market price, and
to sell all that anybody would buy alone dollar,
paying all the costs of transfer, &c., would
there be a speculation in wheat or not? Under
this arrangemen t the Treasury would save inter-
est upon the bonds remaining in the Treasury,
but the people could not use a currency thus
obtained at a less rate of interest than ten per
cent., and more would be taken from them than
would be saved by the Government. The ap-
parent saving of interest would not be a net
gain, as from it must be deducted the tax paid
by the banks into the Treasury and such sum
as would be lost in alternately bulling and bear-
ing Government bonds by the Government
itself.
This and similar schemes would probably
reduce the burden of interest to some extent;
but in placing the financial affairs of the coun-
try under the direct influence of the daily oper-
ations of the Treasury, which would be noted
hourly, just as the operations of the gold board
are now reported, there would be endless dis-
turbance to the business interests of the coun-
try. Some disturbances must be incidental to
the funding of the debt, however it may be con-
ducted, but this would provide fluctuation in
perpetuity. The only safe means of distribut-
ing and regulating the volume of the currency is
through local banks which receive deposits and
make discounts in accordance with the busi-
ness requirements of the communities which
they serve. Any other way of swelling or
reducing the volume of currency cannot be
healthful, and its effects must resemble the
temporary stimulation of intoxicating drinks
and the depression which follows a debauch.
The national banks are in successful operation ;
men of all parties, professions, and occupations
are stockholders, and their management is free
from political or sectional influence. Their offi-
cers necessarily have an accurate knowledge of
the resources and necessities of the people and
possess their confidence. Being independent
of the national Administration, yet subject to
inspection and liable to forfeiture of privileges
which are abused, th^y are a check upon the
Treasury, and the Treasury a check upon them.
That the banks have made large profits is
chiefly owing to causes which have made all
money capital productive, and is no evidence
of the faults, but rather of the virtues of the "
system. Make banking free and it will cease to
be unduly profitable. When the banks receive
but three and sixty-five hundredths per cent,
upon the bonds which they deposit with the
Treasury, the taxes they pay will nearly, if not
quite, compensate the Treasury for all they
receive from it. They will have only such
profits upon their business and circulation as
can be realized under free competition, money
at the same time being plentiful. It will not
be denied that the national system has effected
a great saving in doing away with the broker-
ages and exchanges imposed upon the people
by the mixed currency in use before the war.
The Treasury note might perhaps do this as
well; but it must be remembered that the
greenback did not drive out of circulation the
issues of State banks; it was the national bank-
ing act that did that, and if this act should be
repealed the old State issues would creep forth
again. Notwithstanding the profits of the pres-
ent system, therehavebeen murmurs of discon-
tent in some localities, and banks are preparing
to surrender their charters and give up their cur-
rency, to be freed from the stringent regulations
imposed upon them for the security of depositors
and in the interest of legitimate business. The
recent decision of the Supreme Court upon the
legal tenders might be regarded as a sufficient
objection to all Treasury-note theories, but it
is doubtful if the country will acquiesce in it,
and either a reconstruction of the court or of
the Constitution may bring these schemes to
life again.
The principal obstacle to the successful work-
ing of such Treasury-note theories as I have
noticed is the fact that existing bonds bearing
six per cent, gold interest are such a good in vest-
ment that they are now at a premium. They
will not be deposited in the Treasury as collat-
eral for the use of currency, to be loaned at any
rate a needy borrower can afford to pay. In-
stead of being a relief to the community, and
instead of making money cheap, such schemes
would make it very dear; and in point of fact
all such schemes are impracticable until the
bonds have been funded at a lower rate of
interest, when they will be of no value, as all
the advantages claimed for them will have
been obtained without them.
Briefly, this bill proposes with respect to the
national banks—
To do away with their monopoly by making
the system free.
To oblige them to deposit three and sixty-
five hundredths bonds as security for their
circulation.
To make their charters unlimited as to time,
but subject to forfeiture for cause, thus doing
away with such jobs in the renewal of charters
as have heretofore disgraced State Legislatures.
To exempt the stock of the banks from tax-
ation except by the national Government—a
measure greatly needed to prevent local preju-
dice or hostility from doing injury, and to
reserve to the Government a means of regula-
tion and source of revenue, which may be so
applied as to render a considerable portion of
the public debt wholly free from the burden of
interest.
Perhaps ultra-American sentiment may be
offended by the bid for a foreign market for a
portion of the new issue of bonds authorized
by this bilj, which in its third and fourth sec-
tions requires the bonds and coupons to have
upon them their value in dollars, francs, and
pounds sterling, together with a table by which
their value, including interest, may be readily
calculated, and authorizing the creation of
financial agencies in foreign countries for sale
of the bonds, payment of interest, &c. How
to reach the bonds now held in foreign coun-
tries, and effect their conversion, is a problem
which at the outset confronts every scheme for
reducing the interest on the public debt. More
