1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
the gentleman from Vermont, to make an in-
quiry founded upon a resolution which was
adopted by this House on the 24th of January
upon the motion of my colleague, [Mr. Burr.]
That resolution was as follows:
•'ftesolved, That from the nature of its duties the
Committee of Elections of the House of Represent-
atives is a judicial body, and in deciding contested
crises referred to sucli committee the members thereof
should act according to the rules of law, without par-
tiality or prejudice, as fully as if under special oath
in each particular case so decided."
I desire to ask my friend from Vermont
whether members of the House who are not
upon the Committee of Elections are not, in
accordance with the doctrine of this resolution,
foreclosed by the adjudication of the commit-
tee?
Mr. BURR. No, sir; this House is a court
of review, and this case comes here for final
decision.
Mr. POLAND. For that famous resolution
I voted, with a majority of this House; but I
confess that I did not very carefully examine
its phraseology. I do not think it exactly cor-
rect to say that the Committee of Elections is
a judicial body. I do think that the duties of
that committee are in a certain sense judicial,
and that the members ought to perform them
as if they were the final judges.
But I was referring to these reports of the
committee in this case. I have read them
both. I do not understand that the report of
the minority assails in any substantial point the
statement of facts made in the report of the
majority. It is true the minority do put some
things differently—the other side foremost, if I
may so express it; but I do not understand that
there is any substantial difference between the
two reports as to the essential facts of the case.
In my judgment the report of the committee
in this case is an honest, special verdict on
which we are to apply the law; and I do not
believe there is any gentleman of the House
who will not say that if the facts as reported
be true, if the officers of these two precincts
did conduct themselves in the manner that the
report alleges, it was such a violation of the
election laws of the State as calls upon us to
throw out the return from those precincts.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, how much
time have I remaining?
The SPEAKER. Fifteen minutes.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I yield one half of
that to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stiles.]
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, from the zeal
which was manifested by my colleague [Mr.
Cessna] in arguing this case, it might have
been supposed that he was addressing a town
meeting. I do not wonder, when we recollect
that he reported a resolution with reference to
this very case, which was rejected by this House.
In the case which has been referred to as hav-
ing been decided in the Pennsylvania Legisla-
ture, the poil was rejected entirely upon the
ground that the election was not held at the
place required by law. Hence that case can
have no bearing upon the issue now before us.
In the districts which are attacked in this case
the elections, it is conceded, were held at the
places prescribed by law. In the case referred
to the election was held at another and distinct
place from that required by the statutes of the
Commonwealth.
But, sir, I repeat what I said before, that
Mr. Covode, the contestant here, gave notice
to General Foster that he would show illegal
votes polled in both of these districts. He
attempted to do so, and he succeeded in proving
only 17 votes illegally polled in both districts,
as appears by the report of the majority of the
committee, as I understand it. I say, there-
ru3' answer t0 t'ie gentleman from Vermont,
LMr. Poland,] that we have the right to assume
in our deliberations upon this question that no
more illegal votes were polled than those proved
by the contestant. And that return must stand,
deducting the illegal and fraudulent votes.
The majority in this House can, if they
please, admit to a seat here a man who has
never received a majority of the votes of the
people of his district, and Mr. Covode, in this
case, does ask in effect that he be elected to
a seat by the vote of this House, instead of his
people at home who know him best.
In the brief time allotted to me, I can say
but a single word of the distinguished gentle-
man who was really elected in this case. Henry
D. Foster is the last man in that Common-
wealth who would ever ask or take a seat here
unless, he knew himself to be legally entitled
to that seat. Nearly a quarter of a century
ago, when he had hardly arrived at the age
which allowed him to take a seat in Congress
he was elected a member twice from the same
district. He has received the highest honors
at the hands of the people of that Common-
wealth, receiving ten years ago the nomination
for the Governorship of that State without
having ever sought that nomination. He be-
lieves, as his friends believe here, that he was
duly and legally elected and is entitled to this
seat.
But, sir, it was said in the debate upon the
report in April last, that Mr. Covode was en-
titled to this seat because he was an honest
man. I have the language used by the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr.Peters] on that occasion.
He said:
" Now, I say that these three sources of evidence,
on a fair legal consideration, although it may be
somewhat strict, lead logically to the result that
that honest old man, ' the father of thi3 House, John
Covode,' is entitled to hold a seat in this Congress."
I desire simply to say that if he be the '' father
of this House," I do not desire to be considered
one of his children. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time
to my distinguished colleague, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] and in connection with this very subject
I refer to him as having in his possession some
evidence which, if produced to this House, the
man who now claims a seat here would never
receive it even at the hands of the majority.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move to postpone
the further consideration of this election case
until next Monday.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I do not yield for any
such purpose.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not
be in order, the previous question having been
seconded and the main questioA ordered.
Mr. STILES. I ask the gentleman to state
the reasons on which he bases his motion.
Mr. WOODWARD. I decline to do so until
the motion is received.
Mr. STILES. I am sure that if the gentle-
man from New York knew the reasons, he
would yield for the motion.
Mr. CHURCHILL. The motion is not
within the range of the discussion for which
the gentleman holds the floor.
Mr. WOODWARD. If it be possible to
make such a motion in order, I should be happy
to give my reasons for doing it.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded and the main question ordered,
and the motion would not now be in order.
Mr. STILES. Will thegentleman from New
York permit my colleague to state the reasons
why he makes that motion ?
_ Mr. CHURCHILL. I have promised to
yield five minutes to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. STILES.' I move to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered by
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not rec-
ognize the gentleman as holding the floor for
that purpose without the consent of the gen-
tleman from New York.
Mr. STILES. My time has not expired.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
the gentleman from New York to yield the
floor only for the purpose of discussion, and
not for the purpose of allowing gentlemen to
interpose any motion they may please. The
Chair therefore must enforce that understand-
ing.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the House should
decline to sustain the previous question, will
my motion be in order ?
The SPEAKER. The main question has
been ordered already, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania can only make his motion to
reconsider at the expiration of the hour of the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I now resume the
floor.
The SPEAKER. There are eight minutes
of the gentleman's hour remaining.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I would not occupy a
moment of the time of the House at this time
were it not for the reference to me by my col-
league on the Committee of Elections [Mr.
Randall] in the course of his remarks. He
said that he differed from me altogether with
regard to the proper functions of t' 3 Com-
mittee of Elections ; that he maintained it was
a judicial body charged with the decision of
this cause in accordance with the law, and that
my views being different from his, it was to be
supposed we would take a different position in
this House on this question. The gentleman
has much mistaken my position, both as a mem-
ber of the Committee of Elections and as a
member of the House. The vote to which he
referred was the vote on the resolution intro-
duced by my friend and colleague on the Com-
mitteeof Elections, [Mr. Burr,] whichhasbeen
read this afternoon. When the vote wastakenon
that resolution, being absent from the House, I
did not vote on it. If I had been present here I
certainly should have voted for the resolution, or
if I had not so voted it would have been because
I believed that without that resolution it was the
duty of the Committee of Elections, in deciding
thesecases,to act judicially; that it was their duty
as lawyers, as members of this House, and also
as members of the Committee of Elections, to
regard the law of the case as well as the facts,
and to decide upon their consciences according
to the law as well as the facts.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that this
case has been exhaustively argued, and that
the arguments have been carefully considered
by the House. I do not know that any further
statement of the case is necessary; and there-
fore, repeating again that in the judgment of
the committee as well as my own judgment, Mr.
Covode is entitled to the seat, I now call for
the vote.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from New York yield to me for a few
moments?
Mr. CHURCHILL. 1 yield to the gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I have no desire to take any part in this dis-
cussion, except to call the attention of the
House for one moment to the part that I took
in the former discussion of this question. I
remember that some of my friends on this side
of the House were inclined to find fault with
me for the position I then took. It was pro-
posed at that time that the question of the
prima facie right to the seat should be set-
tled on a certificate which was unofficial, not
being sealed or signed by the Governor of
Pennsylvania. I made a short speech on that
occasion, declaring that in my judgment the
proposition was unwise, unjust, and that it
would be, even in a party sense, a very bad
measure for us to adopt. I was sorry to have
the censure of any of my friends on that occa-
sion. But I never was more confirmed in the
■correctness of any opinion expressed by me
than I now am in the correctness of the opin-
ion which I then expressed. On the merits
of the case as I now stand I confess I have not
had the time to give the subject sufficientot-
tention to enable me to express an independ-
ent opinion of my own. But from the report
which has been made by a majority of the
committee, and from the discussion which I
have heard this morning, it seems to me we
may now, without any violation of justice,
vote with the mujoriiy, and sustain the report
they have made. In giving that vote I desire
