181-0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Reduction of the Army—Mr. Donley.
IIo. of Reps.
than one third of the six per cent bonds have
gone abroad, and a sufficient motive must be
offered to the holders to induce them, to agree
to the substitution of tho new bond, or a mar-
ket must be made for them which will effect
this purpose.
The following table shows the quotations of
the London money market in January last for
national securities, aud also tbe rate of interest
which may be realized from investments in
them:
Issued Selling Jlate of
per cent. price. interest.
- Britishconsols.Spercent.. 92 to 92i 3.2
- French rentes, (Paris mar-
ket,) 4a- percent   - to 10'} 4.3
- French rentes,(Paris mar-
ket,) 3 per cent  - to 72 72-100 4.1
- Prussian, (Berlin market,)
4i nor cont  - to !).!? 4.8
- Swedish Government,18l>8,
5 per cent 100 to 102 4.9
77 Russian, 1822, 5 per cent... 85 to 87 5.7
95 Brazilian, 1852, per
cent  7-t to 70t 5.9
72< Argentine, 18G8,(jpci'ecnt, 87J- to 88i- 6.0
- United States 5-2i)'s, 6 per
cent., (redeomablel882,) 85J to 86? 0.9
80 Turkish, 185-1,0 per cent... 81J to 81? 7.3
- Italian, 1861, 5 per cent.... - to 5GJ 8.0
S2i Egyptian, 1862,7percent.. 83 to 85 8.1
881 Portuguese, 1807, 3 per
cent 33i to 3t S.8
- Austrian, ox 10 fl., 5 per
cent 48i to 49 10.2
- Spanish, 1869, 3 per cent... 25? to 2<5t 11.3
The United States, Argentine Republic,
Turkey, and Egypt, are the only nations which
offer so high a rate of interest as six per cent. ;
yel in point of stability aud resources we are
out of all comparison superior to those weak
or effete nationalities. Is it not somewhat
singular that the French four aud a half per
cent., the Prussian four and a half per cent.,
and the Swedish live per cent, loans should
rate so much above United States sixes? The
British consol three per cent., upon which at
current rates but three and two tenths in-
terest may be realized, was at or above 92
when our six per cent, bonds were a little
over 80, thus paying to the investor six^xnd
nine tenths per cent. It is evident that, Tr we
had British consols to offer to the foreign
money-lender, dollar for dollar for our indebt-
edness, the means could be realized by which
we could redeem our six per cents; indeed,
there would be a profit for us, taking these quo-
tations as representing their respective market
values, of six cents on the doliar in making
tiie exchange. Would it not be worth while to
inquire why our promises to pay are so greatly
discredited, or what it is which makes a loan
paving not half the income of ours so much
more valuable? Is it not possible for us to
make a security bearing three per cent,., or, as
I propose, three and sixty-live hundredths per
cent., winch shall bo worth in the markets of
the world as much as English three per cents?
I shall not here enter into an investigation
of the debt and resources ol'the United States,
for that has been done thoroughly and well,
aud the present and prospective wealth of the
country has been shown to be a better security
for our debt than any other nation can offer.
Humiliating as the confession is, are we not
bound to acknowledge that the degradation of
our credit in the markets of the world is not
distrust of our ability, but doubt of our national
integrity? If there is any feeling of sensibility,
any emotion of national pride in this House or
in the country, it should stimulate us to prompt
and earnest action, looking to the lifting up of
our depreciated credit to an equality with that
of other first-class Powers m the markets of tho
world. The most striking difference between
the bond of the United States and tbe English
eonso! is that one promises to pay and the other
doesno!.. The bond will become due and may be
dishonored: t lie consol is aperpetualassignable
annuity. It has a quality of permanence which
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 10.
is wanting to our six; per cents, and which I
propose to impress upon our new issues. Its
terms are mote easily comprehended than those
of our loan and the interest more readily col-
lected. In the form of printing the newbpnds,
and in providing officers for the payment of the
interest in the principal cities of Europe, and
the larger interest and the readiness with which
it can always be computed, these and greater
advantages will accrue to the American con-
sols.
Most important of all is the final answer
made by this bill to the question of repudia-
tion. Until repudiation is rendered impossible
this specter will continue to haunt the foreign
money-lender, nor will such speeches as that
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees]
tend to exorcise it. Resolutions to pay the debt
in good faith, explained by the Indiana Democ-
racy, aud with the commentary of the Indiana
member, can have 110 other effect than that of
alarming public creditors. Open avowal of an
intent to repudiate tho debt, such as tho gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Mitogen] and the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Golladay] have
made on this floor, are less detrimental, but
are capable of mischief. I doubt if like assaults
upon the funds were ever made in the English
Parliament; and it is not enough that such
philippics should bo pointless; they should be
rendered impossible.
Proposed early in the session, this bill was
made purposely brief, and there was no effort
to incorporate in it tho details essential to its
execution. I am aware that the English con-
sol is not a bond, but a perpetual annuity,
managed by the Bank of England, and assign-
able according to prescribed regulations; and
I am also aware that there is a difficulty in
making either a coupon or registered bond
which shall be capable of running forever. The
difficulty, however, is more apparent than real,
foi there may be provision for the periodical
return and renewal of the bonds, which would
have the further use of operating as a cheek
upon the officials of tho Treasury, or it may be
provided that after a period of years tho bonds
shall be surrendered and the loan shall assume
the same character and be vouched by the same
evidence as the British consol.
Recognizing that a long bond is more valu-
able as an investment than a short one, tho
financial authorities of the other House have
not availed themselves of the full benefit of
this principle by proposing a loan that shall
live forever. Proposing to fund the debt at
lower interest, they have feared to reduco it to
a rate at which our sole national rival in point
of wealth and power places her principal loan
upon the markets of the world. Providing for
a new loan, they do not propose to give it a
uniform character ; nor do they make it large
enough to absorb all other indebtedness of the
United States, and fuse the present aud pros-
pective matured liabilities of the Government
into a homogeneous and permanent system
which will tender the financial mistakes of
the past impossible in the future.
Whatever maybe the deficiencies of the bill,
it at least indicates what things are to be desired
in the reconstruction of our financial affairs.
Instead of maudling over miscalled prece-
dents, listening to interested or prejudiced the-
orists, and preparing halting aud half-hearted
measures, we should make our legislation as
large and as bold as the patriotism of the Amer-
ican people. Every financial scheme which
does not repose upon their confidence, and which
fails to provide for their needs; which does not
ally itself to every avocation and interest of
their industrial life, must and should fail of
success. We shall cot have learned the lessons
taught by the experience of other nations, nor
attained to the enjoyment of our exceptional
advantages and capabilities, until we have a
distinctively American system of industry and
a distinctively American system of finance,
growing out of and mutually sustaining each
other.
Kcductlon of the Array.
REMARKS OF HON. J. B. DONLEY,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
1st tiie House op Representatives,
March 10, 1870,
On the reduction of tho Army.
Mr. DONLEY. Mr. Speaker, what I desire
to say can, I trust, be said, in the few minutes
allotted me. The general features of the bill
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs
meet my approbation and shall receive my
hearty support. In my judgment very im-
portant changes are demanded in the system
on which our Army is organized. Patterned
after that of England, it retains many of the
features long since discarded in that country.
It needs to be Americanized, to be made to
conform to the modern policy of our Govern-
ment. I have no antipathy to the regular
Army, no prejudice to consult, no revenge to
gratify. On the contrary, [ am proud of the
glorious record it has made for itself and the
country, and will be the last man to detract
from its well-earned laurels, gained by its de-
votion and skill on a thousand battle-fields.
Neither have I any sympathy with the move-
ment contemplated—from what motives it is
not for mc to judge—against tho very existence
of our national Military Academy at West
Point. It has proved its power, its usefulness,
and its loyalty too fully; it has given to the
country too many noble names that shine
brightly in our history, and are the admiration
of our people to be, if assailed, in any serious
danger at the present time. If there are abuses
existing let them be corrected, but the same
policy that founded demands the continuance
of the institution. A wiser policy might dictate
for the Academy an enlarged usefulness by
enabling it to tram a greater number of young
men in the higher and completer walks of edu-
cation, not merely for the Army, but for a
hundred pursuits m which men of the highest
skill and science arc required, aud who, when
the tocsin of war is sounded, are ready and
able to render valuable assistance to the Gov-
ernment by whom thty were educated.
Tho essential provisions of the bill are the
reduction of the number of officers of the Aimy,
as its title indicates, and the change in the sys-
tem of payment. No one will seriously dispute
that the number 01" officers is greatly in ex-
cess of tho requirements of the service. The
opposition to the reduction is based on entirely
different grounds. By the act of July 2S, 1800,
as modified by that of March 0, 18G9, requir-
ing the consolidation of the infantry regiments,
the regular Army now consists of five regi-
ments of artillery, ten of cavalry, twenty-live
of infantry, a battalion of engineers, and the
cadets undergoing instruction at the Military
Academy. By the consolidation, after assign-
ments to vacancies, transfers to other _arms,
resignations, dismissals, &c., there remains^ as
appears by the Army Register just issued, live
hundred and sixteen unassigued or supernumer-
ary officers. Many of these are engaged tempora-
rilyin variousduties, reconstruction, recruiting,
&c.,whilemanyareathome " awaiting orders."
With reconstruction accomplished and tho
Freedman's Bureau closed, the greater pait
of this number will be out of business, as we
say in civil life, and the list " awaiting orders "
greatly increased. This large excess exists
after the companies and regiments arc all offi-
cered according to law, and it seems to me there
is no necessity for a greater number than is suLi-
