1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3047
F.rohl.tnn, Hamill. Bu.Hm1
Judd, Lynch, Mayham, McCormick, McKe^ Mo-
Neely. Niblaek, Sherrod, Shober, Stevenson.Stiles,
Swann,Sweeney. Twichell, V n Anken,^ an trump,
Whitmore, Wilkinson, Lugene M. Wilson, Winans,
Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Barry, Leaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton. Bl^, George
M. Brooks. Buck, Buckley. Buffint.on. Koderiok K.
Butler, Cake. Cessna. Churchill, William T. Clark,
Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, longer, Covodo, -
Cowles, Cullom.Dawes.Fernssjerry,fisher, Fitch,
Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Uamilt°n, llarris, Haw-
kins, Hawley, lleflin. Hoar, Hooper, Ilotehkiss, In-
srersoll, Jenoke?, Kelley, Kellogg. Kelsey.Ketcham.
Knapp. Laflin, Lawrence, Maynard, McCarthy, Mo- :
Crary, McGrew.McKenne, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakiin
H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morgan,
Samuel P. Morrill. Myew, Negley, 0 Neili, Orth.
Packard, Packer, Paine. Palmer, Peck, Perce, Pe-
ters,Phelps. Poland, Pomeroy, Roots, banford, Sar-
gent. Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield. Shanks, Portor
Shemon, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
J Smith. William Smyth. Stevens, Stokes, btough-
to n,S trader, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, 1 ay-
lor. Tillman, Townsend, Tynor, Upson, Van Wyck,
Ward. Welker. W heeler. Willard, Williams, John 1
T. Wilson, and Witcher—114. ^ , _
NO'i'VOTING—Messrs. Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Bar-
num, Bingham, Boles, Booker. Bowen, Boyd, Bur-
dett. Burr, Beniamin P. BuUer, Calkin, Sidney
Clarke, Crebs, Davis, Dickey, Diekinson, Dixon,
Donley,Duval, Dyer, Ela. Farusworth, Gibson,llal-
deiuan, Heaton, Hill, Hose, Alexander 11. Jones,
Thomas L.Jones, Julian. Kerr, Knott. Lash. Logan,
Loughridge, Marshall, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Jlorrissey. Mungen. Piatt, Porter, Potter, Prosser,
Randall, Reeves. Rice, Ridgway, Rogers, Schuma-
ker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sloctun, Worthington C.
Smith, Starkweather, Stone, Trimble, V an Horn.
Voorhees. Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Wells, W ood, and W oodward—65.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WOODWARD. I am paired with Gen-
eral Farusworth. If I were at liberty to vote
I would vote "no."
Mr. VOORHEES. I am paired with Mr.
Morrell, of Pennsylvania, who has been called
home. If I had been at liberty to vote, I
would have voted "ay."
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Marshall, is confined to his
room by sickness.
Mr. DICKINSON. I beg to state that on
all questions relating to the tariff I am paired
with Mr. Donley, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. O'NEILL. I beg to state that my col-
league, Mr. Dickey, is paired on all votes
relating to the tariff. I do not remember with
whom he is paired.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am requested by the
gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Rice, to state
that he is paired with Mr. Sheldon, of Louisi-
ana.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the previous ques-
tion on my motion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to close debate in half
a minute was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate upon the pending paragraph will
terminate in half a minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to occupy the
half minute by asking the House to vote down
first the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] and after that the amend-
ment to strike ont the paragraph offered by
that interesting young gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Conner.] [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. There is no motion
pending to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know what the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means intends by his remark. My amend-
ment was voted on long ago and Voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] is entirely mistaken.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] has been rejected,
and the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Conner]
has made no motion to strike out the para-
graph.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I was mistaken, and
1 take it all back.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the paragraph :
Provided, however. That the duty imposed by this
paragraph shall not exceed 50 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "50" and insert-
ing "85."
The question was put on the amendment to
the amendment, and there were—ayes 23, noes
80; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldridge,
| and Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 33, noes 86.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's
amendment; and being put, there were—ayes
34, noes 94.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I offer the following, to
come in as a new paragraph immediately after
the pending paragraph:
On railroad iron made to pattern and fitted to bo
laid down, 60 cents per 100 pounds.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I offer That as an addi-
tional paragraph, and I desire to say a word.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
debate it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am not attempting to
debate it; but I rise to a question of order. I
offer this as a separate paragraph, and not as
an amendment to the paragraph on which
debate has been.closed.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order until
this paragraph i3 disposed of.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that the
paragraph is disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN/ ATe there any further
amendments to the pending paragraph? None
being offered, the gentleman now offers his
amendment as a separate paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. Every such amendment proposed as
an independent paragraph is held to attach to
the paragraph preceding, unless it comes in at
the close of the section in relation to dutiable
firticl^s
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But my amendment will
be held not to be germane to that portion of
the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that
this proposition will be in order after the next
paragraph which relates to railroad iron shall
have been reached. The Clerk will read the
next paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows :
On railway splice bars, side bars, fish plates, and
finger-bars, punched or unpunched, li cents per
pound; on railway chairs, frogs, frog points, of iron,
2 cents per pound.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Now I propos# an
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have an amendment to
move on behalf of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means will be first
entertained.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
pending paragraph by inserting the words
"wrought iron" before the words "railway
chairs, frogs, frog points;" mid also by strik-
ing out the Words "ofiron" after the words
"frog points."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the pend-
ing paragraph by adding to it the following:
On railroad iron made to pattern and fitted to be
laid down, 60 cents per 100 pounds.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is that amendment in
order until the Committee of the WholFhave
perfected the paragraph in the bill? Tfie
Amendment of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benjamin] might not be analogous to this
paragraph after it shall have been amended.
1 The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
' amendment is germane.and in order.. It does
1 not preclude amendments to perfect the para-
i. graph. ^
|! Mr. BENJAMIN. Railroad iron is not
[ included 
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
- a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
: his point of order.
1 Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. My point
of order is that what the gentleman has pro-
; posed is in the nature of an independent para-
i graph.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is
offered as an addition to the pending paragraph.
Mr. BENJAMIN. As 1 was about to say,
railroad iron is not included in any of the
items of this bill. I suppose the intention of
the Committee of Ways and Means in so re-
porting, was to permit railroad iron to remain
at its present rate of duty of 70 cents per hun-
dred pounds. In my judgment the duty ought
rather to be reduced to 50 cents per hundred
pounds. But I am willing that the duty should
be made 60 cents per hundred pounds, the
rate at which it was placed by the tariff of
1865. Now, there is no iron which is manu-
factured that the country feels the want of to
a greater extent than railroad iron. Every
farmer in the country, and especially in the
western country, is interested in the building
and extension of railroads. In many portions
of the West the farms of the people are almost
entirely worthless to their owners, because of
the want of facilities to transport their pro-
ducts to market. Not only in the West, bat
in the South, and, indeed, in every portion
of the country, the people are struggling to
extend these railroad facilities, to penetrate
the interior with roads, in order that their farms
may be made valuable and their products taken
to market. Not only each State, but each
county, and nearly every town, is to-day put-
ting forth every energy and exerting every
nerve to build railroads for that purpose.
I find, by reference to a table which I have
before me, that the present duty on railroad
iron amounts to about 65 per cent, ad valorem,
a very large percentage of duty upon an article
of that character, which is so much needed in
the country and the want of which is so much
felt. By reference to the laws it will be found
that from 1847 to 1857 inclusive the duty.upon
railroad iron was only 80 per cent., and in 1857
it was reduced to 24 per cent. Under that rate
of duty the older States have laid down their
rails and built their roads. They now propose
to require us in the® ewer States to pay a duty
of 55 per cent, upon all the railroad iron im-
ported for our use.
Now, it seems to me that the rate of duty
which I have proposed is not a very great re-
duction ; still it is something, and will assist
very materially the people of the new States
in laying down rails for the benefit of the coun-
try the resources of which they are now trying
so energetically to develop. I find farther, by
reference to this table, that in 1865, when we
had a heavy internal revenue tax on this iron,
the duty upon railroad iron was about the same
as I propose by my amendment. There was
, no complaint then that I know of that the rail-
J road iron makers were not making a fair profit;
! but they asked that the duty might be increased
