1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3991
Mr. RANDALL. There is a portion of sec-
tion twenty-nine which reads as follows:
And the Commissioner of Internal Revenue mas',
from Uiue to tiuie, furnish and deliver to any man-
ufacturer of friction or other matches, citrar-Hghts,
or wax tapers, a suita.ble quantity of adhesivo or
other stamps, such as maybe prescribed for use in
such eases, without prepayment therefor, on a credit
of not exceeding sixty days, requiring, in advance,
a bond in a penal sum of not less than double tho
deiiomiiiatevutue ofbuch stamps, with such security
as be may judge necessary to socure payment there-
for to tho United States within tho timo prescribed
lor such payment.
I would suggest that that should be amended
by striking out the words " in a penal sum of
not less than double the denominate value of
such stamps and also by adding to the clause
the words, "on which he is authorized to
advance not exceeding seventy-five per cent,
of the penal sum of such bond." The effect
of that amendment would be to allow those
persons putting up such security to receive
seventy-five per cent, instead of fifty per cent,
in stamps of the amount they put up. If the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. ScnuxcK] objects to the amendment I
will not press it.
Mr. SCIIENCK. That amendment is not
in order, as we have already passed the section
to which it relates. Besides, we had lhat mat-
ter up in the Committee of Ways and Means
this morning and voted it down.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sue. 31. And be it farther cnacted, That if any per-
son shall make, prepare, sell, offer for sale, or remove
for consumption or sale any article or thing enum-
erated and described in schedule C, without affixing
thereon and canceling tho proper stamps as required
by law; or shall conceal or remove, or cause to bo
conccaled or removed, any such articlc or thing in or
to any place with a view to evade the payment of the
tax thereon; or shall remove or detach, or cause or
permit to be removed or detached, the stamp from
any such article or thing, with intent to use said
stamp on any other article or thing, he sha$ forfeit to
the United States the article or thing in regard to
which either of tho said offenses is committed, and
shall for every such offense be liable to a fine of not
less than $100 nor more than $5,000, and tho tax shall
be assessed and collected as in other cases; but fric-
tion or other matches, cigar-lights, or wax tapers
may be removed for export beyond the limits of the
United States without the payment of the tax thereon,
under such rules and regulations as tho Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe.
Mr. SCHENCK. Imove to amend by strik-
ing out " Commissioner of Internal Revenue"
and inserting in lieu thereof " Secretary of (lie
Treasury;" so that the concluding words of the
section wiil read, "Under such rules and reg-
ulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 32. And be it further; enacted, That any Pro-
prietor of a proprietary article, or article subject to
stamp duty under schedule C of this act, shall have
the privilege of furnishing without expense to the
United States, in suitable form, to bo approved by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, his own die
and designs for the stamps therefor, to be for his
exclusive use; which dies and designs, being first
approved by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
shall be made under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and retained m the Treasury De-
partment, and the stamps prepared therefrom and
issued to the Commissioner as in other cases. In all
cases where such stamp is used, in lieu of writing
the initials nnd date thereon, the stamp shall be so
affixed on the articlo or package that in using or
opening the same the said sta*np shall bo effectually
destroyed; and in default thereof the said proprietor
shall be liable to tho ^amo penalty as is prescribed
in this act for neglecting to affix a stamp. Any per-
son who shall fraudulently obtain or use any such
stamp, or die, or design therefor, or who shall. forge
oi counterfeit, or cause or procure tho forging or
counterfeiting of any representation, likeness, sim-
ilitude, or colorable imitation of any such stamp; or
any engraver or printer who shall sell or give away
anv such stamp, or any person who shall knowingly
or fraudulently have in his possession any such forged
or counterfeit likeness, similitude, or colorable imi-
tation of any such stamp, shall be deemed guilty of
a felony, and on conviction thereof shall be fined not
less than $500 nor more than $5,000, and imprisoned
not less than one year nor more than five years.
ftchcdide O.
Medicines and preparations;
For and upon everypacket, box,bottle, pot,vial,
or other inclosure, containing any pills, powders, tinc-
tures, troches, lozenges, sirups, cordials, bitters,
anodynes, tonics, placers, liniments, salves, oint-
ments, pastes, drops, waters, essences, spirits, oils, or
other medicinal preparations or compositions what-
soever. mado and sold or removed for consumption
and sale, by any person or persons whatever, wherein
tho person making or preparing the samo has or
claims to have any private formula or occult art or
secret for the making or preparing the same, or has
or claims to have any exclusive right or title to tho
making or preparing the same, or which are pre-
pared, uttered, vended, or exposed for sale under
any letters-patent, or held out or recommended to
tho public by tho makers, vendors, or proprietors
thereof. as proprietary medicines, or as remedies
or specifics for any disease, diseases, or affections
whatever, affecting the human or animal body, as
follows:
Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, vial, or other
inclosure, with its contents, shall not exceed at
tho retail prico, or value thereof, to bo fixed by tho
manufacturer of the articlc, and stamped or printed
thereon, the suiu oftwenty-livecents, one cent 1
And where such packet, box, bottle, pot. vinl, or
other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed such
retail price or value of twenty-live cents, for each
and every additional twenty-live cents or fractional
part thereof, an addi'.ion of oue cent 1
Perfumery and cosmetics:
For and upon every packet, box, bottle, pot, vial,
or other inclosure, containing any essence, ex-
tract, toilet water, cosmetic, hair oil, pomade,
hair-dressing, luir restorative, hair-dye, tooth-
w;ish, dentifrice, tooth-paste, aromatic cachous,
or any similar articles, by whatsoever name the
samo heretofore have been, now arc, or may hero-
after be called, known, or distinguished, used, or
applied, or to be used or applied, as perfumes or
applications to the hair, mouth, or skin, made, pre-
pared, and sold, or removed for consumption and
sale in tho United States, where such packet, box,
bottle, pot, vial, or other inclosure, with its con-
tents, shall not exceed at tho rotail price or value,
to be fixed by tho manufacturer of the articlo and
stamped or printed thereon, thesum of twenty-fivo
cents, one cent 1
And where such packet, box. bottle, pot, vial, or
other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed such
retail price or value of Iwenty-fivc cents, for each
and every additional twenty-five cents or Pac-
tional part thereof, an addition of one cent 1
Frictifvnmatehes, or lucifer matches, or other articles
made in part of wood, and used for like purposes,
m parcels or packages containing one hundred
matches or loss, for cach parcel or package, one
cent   1
And for every additional one hundred matches
or fractional part thereof, an addition of one
cent   1
For wax tapers, double the rates herein imposed
upon friction or lucifer matches, or cigar-lights,
made in part of wood, wax, glass, paper, or other
materials,in parcels or packages containing twenty-
five lights or less in cach parcel or package, one
cent 1
And for every additional twenty-five lights, or frac-
tional part of that number, an addition of one
cent 1
Playing-cardn.—For and upon every pack, not ex-
ceeding iifty-tvvo cards in number, irrespective of
prico or value, five cents 5
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following as a new section:
In any State where, by tho statutes. thereof, the
respondent in a criminal prosecution is allowed to
testify in his own behalf, such privilege may be ex-
ercised by any respondent in any criminal prosecu-
tion arising under any of the provisions of this act.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend so as to
make the concluding part of the first paragraph
read, "shall be fined not less than $-500 nor
more than $5,000, or imprisoned not less than
one year nor more than five years, or both
fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of the
court."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. In order to make this
provision correspond with tho one we have
already amended, I move to amend so as to
make the minimum fine $100 instead of $500,
and the minimum term of imprisonment one
month instead of one year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. Imove to amend the para-
graph relating to perfumery and cosmetics by
striking out in lines seventy-one and seventy-
two the words "made, prepared, sold, or re-
moved for consumption and sale in the United
States." The object of this amendment is to
prevent fraud in the collection of the revenue
and to avoid a discrimination against honest
dealers. Almost all these cosmetics are put
up in the style of foreign productions, and thus
go without stamps, while those who manu-
facture these articles under their own names
have to put stamps upon them and declare
them to be American articles. This is a dis-
crimination against our own people and a
temptation to the commission of deception and
fraud.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I move to amend by
striking out the paragraph imposing a tax on
matches, which reads as follows ;
Friction matehqs or lucifer matches, or other arti-
cles made in part of wood, and used for like purposes,
in parcels or packages containing one hundred
matches or loss, for each parcel or package, one
cent.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 41, noes 73.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 74, not voting
00 j as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Bock, Biggs, "Bing-
ham, Bjrd, Booker, George M. Brooks, Burchard,
Burr, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Cook. Conger. Cowles,
Cox, Crcbs. Culloui, l)avis, Dox, Bldridge, Finkeln-
burg. Fitch, Fox. Gets, Gnswold, Ilaight, Hale.
Uamill, flay. Hays. llefiin. Hill, Holman, Ingersoli,
Kellcy, Kellogg, Kerr, Knott, Lawrencc. Lewis,
Loughridge, Lynch. Marshall, Mayhara, McCormiek,
McGrew, McKcnzic, McNeely, Milnes, Fliakimll.
Moore, William Moore, Morgan,Morrisscy, Myers,
Niblack, Paine, Peek, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice,
Sargent, Schuniakor, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stevenson. Stilcs^Stono,
Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Strong, Swann,
Sweeney. Trimble, Van Auken, Welker, "Wells,
Whitmoie. Eugeno M. Wilson. John T. Wilson,
Wmans, Wood. and Woodward—ST.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Asper,
Atwood. Ayer, Bailey, Beauian, Bcatty, Bennett,
Benton, Blair,Boles, Bullinton, RodcnckR. Butler,
Coburn, l)awes, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Fisher, Garfield, Gilfillan, Harris,
Hawkins. Ifawley, Hoar, lloopor, Hotchkiss, Judd,
lCclsey, Kctcliam, Knanp, Laflm, Lash, McCarthy,
McKcc, Mcrcur, Jesse II. Moore, Morphis, O'Neill,
Orth. Packard, Packer, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt,
Pomcroy, Roots. Sawyer, Schenck, John A. Smith,
Williaui J. Smith, Worthington 0. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather. Sfoke^, Tanner, Taylor, Till-
man, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Van Horn, Wal-
lace, Ward. William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Wil-
lard, and WilHams-~7i.
KOT VOTING- — Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Axtell,
Banks, Barnum, Barry, Benjamin, Bowen.JJoyd,
James Biooks, Buck, Buckley, Burdett, Benjamin
F. Butler, Cake. Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Wil-
liam T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, ClintonL. Cobb, Con-
ner, Covode, Degener, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon,
Dockery, Ferry, Gibson, Ilaldeman, Hambleton,
Hamilton, Ileaton, Hogc, Jenckes, Johnson, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Logan,
Maynaul, McCrary, Daniel J. Morrcll, Samuel P.
Morrill, Mungen, Ncgley, New*ham, Palmer, Poland,
Porter, Prosser, Ridgway, Rogers,, Sanford, Sco-
field, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Shober, Stevens,
Taffc, Upson, Van Trump, VanWyck, Voorhees,
Cadvvalader C. Washburn, Wilkinson, Winchester,
and Witcher—69.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which that was stricken out. I desire
to say I believe the vote of the House would
have been different if this question had been
at all discussed. We have struck out a tax
which nobody feels and nobody knows he pays,
and which yields the Government nearly two
million dollars a year.
Mr. RANDALL. Everybody pays it, and
everybody knows it.
Mr. KELLEY. The people pay the one
hundred and fourth part of a cent on each
match, for that is the tax which falls on each
individual5 which, whilebeingextremcly small,
and, as I have said, felt by nobody, con-
tributes to the revenue nearly two million dol-
lars per annum. I can understand why gen-
tlemen in opposition should vote to strike out
this tax, so little felt by the people and so
productive to the Government; but I cannot
understand why those charged with the respons-
ibility of the Government, and the responsi-
bility of laying taxes in such a manner as to
be most productive to the Government, while
least annoying to the people, should vote for
a repeal of this stamp duty.
Mr. SCH8NCK. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania yields to me whatever time he has left.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish it understood that
the one cent upon proprietary articles raises
$2,208,000 for the Government, and the most
of that is from the stamp duty upou these ino-
