2104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
that this increase is beyond the reach of com-
petition from the granaries of the Old World.
Sixth, it avoids the fluctuations in the value of
our money occasioned by sending it abroad to
liquidate balances of trade.
The disadvantage is small, little felt, and at
worst temporary. The advantages are great,
national, and lasting. The one is as the trouble
of planting a tree; the other as the perpetual
enjoyment of its shade and fruit; or as the
labor of sowing a field compared with the
plentiful harvest, thrift, and independence.
Mr. PETERS obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
my friend from Maine to yield to me for a few
minutes.
Mr. PETERS. I will yield to tho gentle-
man for three minutes with pleasure.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Chairman, I do not wish to make any speech
on the pending question. I have no doubt the
bill is in the main a very good one, but there
are some features that 1 shall hope to see
amended. For instance, the duty on tea and
coffee I shall bo glad to see still further re-
duced, but the tariff on sugar had better remain
as it now is. The proposed amendment will
deprive the Government of at least ยง10,000,000
of revenue, and it is very questionable whether
the consumer would be considerably benefited.
The chief benefit would be to a few sugar re-
finers. I think it would be better that the duty
should remain as it is, thus protecting the
growth of sugar in our own country. The
sugar interest of Louisiana would 110 doubt be
crippled by the passage of this bill. Besides,
sir, there is another interest to be encouraged
besides that of Louisiana, and that is the man-
ufacture of sugar l'rom the beet root in the
Northwest. That interest, now so important to
France and Germany, is growing to be one of
importance in Wisconsin. Sugar of the best
quality is now manufactured from the beet at
Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, and at Chatsworth,
Illinois, and I make no doubt that it is yet to
become a great industry. But. T have asked
my friend [Mr. Petkks] to yield to me not to
make a speech, but for the sake of sending to
the Clerk's desk the letter I hold in my hand,
which is afac simile of the original now to be
seen at the Post Oifice Department. It is a
speech in itself, and very appropriate to this
discussion.
Loxdos, April 22,1771.
Sik : I duly received your favors of tho tth of Octo-
ber and tho 17th of November. It gave me pleasure
to hear that the merchants had departed from their
agreement ot non-importation, the spirit of industry
and frugality was likely to continue among the peo-
ple. I am obliged to you lor your concern on my
account. Tho letters you mention gave great offense
here; but that was not attended with the immediate
ill consequences to my interest that seem to have
been hoped for by thoso that sent copies of them
hither.
If our country people would well consider that all
they save in relusing to purchase foreign gewgaws
and in milking their own apparel, being applied to
tne improvement oi their plantations, would render
these more profitable as yielding a great produce, I
should hope they would persist resohiWy in their
present commendable industry and frugality. And
there is still a further consideration. I'ho colonies
that produce provisions grow very fast. But of tho
countries that take off those provisions some do not
increase at all, as the European nations, and others,
as tho West India colonies, not in the same propor-
So that though tne demand at present may bo
sufficient it cannot long continue so. Every manu- i
focturer encouraged in our country makes part of a, i
market for provisions within ourselves and savco so '
much money to the country as must otherwise be
exported to pay for the manufactures he supplies.
Here in England it is well known and understood
that whenever a manufacture is established which
employs a number of hands it raises the value of
lands m the neighboring countiy all around it, partly
by tho greater demand near at hand for the produce
of tho land, and partly from the plenty ot money
drawn by the manufacturers to thatpail of the coun-
try. lueems, therefore, the interest of all our farm-
ersandownersof lands to encourage our young man-
ufactures in preference to foreign ones imported
among u* from distant countnes.
Iain much obliged by your kind pi ejent of various
seeds. They were welcome gifts to some of myfriends.
I send you herewith some of the now barley.lately
introduced into this country and now highly spoken
of. I wo-ti it may bo found of use with us.
. I was the more pleased to see in your letter the
improvement of our paper, having flail a principal
share in establishing that manufacture among us
many years ago by the encouragement I gave it.
If in anything I can serYo you here it will be a
pleasure to your obligedfriend and humble servant,
B. FRANKLIN.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, it is abso-
lutely certain that for a great period of time a
resort must be had to a tariff upon imports to
raise the sum annually required to meet the
burdens of the nation inflicted upon us by rebel-
lion. Such a taxation must necessarily afford
protection to many home interests. While it
can confer but slight benefits upon the State
of Maine, compared with some of tho States,
for one, sir, I am willing and rejoiced that it
should stimulate and encourage all the interests
of all the States which it reasonably and dis-
criminately can. It should not be a blind and
accidental thing; but such an assessment as
will distribute the benefits of protection as
widely as possible, doing the greatest good to
the greatest number. All interests should be
carefully surveyed, items and details carefully
adjusted, and the business of all sections of
the country proximately subserved, as far as
can be. Of course this will require much to
be done in a spirit of compromise. We cannot
expect, as has been said, protection for our-
selves and free trade for everybody else. While
I would denounce a tariff the tendency of which
maybe to support leagues and monopolies and
consolidations gotten up to secure wealth to
the few, I would go a great way to establish
one that will develop American resources and
industry, that will give independence and
character to the American laborer, and thus
confer, as far as Government can do so, bless-
ings upon that great body of the community who
have to earn a living by the sweat of the brow.
Entertaining these views, I feel deeply im-
pressed that the bill now before us discrim-
inates unjustly against very great interests in
the State of Maine. I refer to the duties on
all sorts of lumber, and particularly the duty
proposed on hemlock and spruce. The pres-
ent duty on all foreign lumber is twenty per.
cent, ad valorem. This bill proposes to make
the duty specific and to impose 32 per 1,000 feet
on manufactured pine lumber and only $1 on
hemlock and spruce. I contend that in the long
run this will operate as a serious reduction of the
present duty. But this is not the only phase of
the question presented us. Petitions from inter-
ested parties have been poured upon the House,
and more or less gentlemen upon this floor are
ready to join the movement for the abrogation
of all duty on lumber whatsoever. A repeal
or a reduction of such duty, particularly as
far as spruce lumber is concerned, would be
a serious blow to the principal enterprise of
the eastern section of my State. More than
half the population of Maine are directly or
indirectly dependent for their prosperity upon
the success of business growing out of the
production and manufacture of lumber.
If the duties on lumber are removed or
largely reduced, while the profits of business
with us are lessened by taxes necessarily im-
posed by the costs of war, we must compete
with oar foreign neighbors who hardly know
the name of taxation, and who, by their en-
couragement of and aid to rebellion, contri'o-
; uted in no 3mall degree in heaping taxation
upon us. Take a glance at the unequal race.
The forests of eastern Maine are filled with
| spruce, and so are the forests of New Bruns-
1 wick. She is our rival. Parties go into the
woods in winter upon different sides of a line
which divides nations almost within hail of
each other. Our lands are mostly the prop-
: erty of individual proprietors; theirs belong
! almost entirely to the Crown. The Araer-
| ican lumberman pays about ยง2 per 1.000 feet
j for stumpage, so called, upon the quantity he
j cuts. The proprietor is reasonably entitled to
! it. Lands should have some value, and he
J pays taxes on the valuation to the county atid
j State; a State whose indebtedness was in-
: creased millions of money for the purpose of
I taking her share in the suppression of rebel-
lion. But New Brunswick gives to her sub-
jects a license to cut for almost a nominal
consideration; and why? That she may stimu-
late enterprise within her own borders and
cripple it in the States. Besides, she has sev-
eral millions of acres wrested from us, as we
think, by the Ashburton treaty, from which
she can afford to give freely. The province of
New Brunswick protects her subjects.
The expenses of an operation in the woods
consist of labor and supplies. The provincial
lumberman can obtain both cheaper than we
can; his supplies cheaper because his molasses,
tea, beef, pork, clothing, and whatever else is
used in the woods he can obtain free of nearly
all duty, while we pay a heavy tax on such
articles; his labor is cheaper because all the
necessaries of life required by the provincial
woodsman for himself or family, whether to
eat, drink, or wear, can be purchased exceed-
ingly cheaper upon his than upon our side of
the national line. Many of our lumbermen
purchase supplies for their operations as far
west as Chicago and Milwaukee, and transport
them at great expense over the Grand Trunk
railway hundreds of miles through a foreign
country to the woods of Maine, when but for
the duty on such articles they could be bought
at a much cheaper rate almost at their logging
camps from the tradesmen of the Dominion of
Canada. Would the farmers of the West, whose
productions we buy, wish to put us on an un-
equal footing with our foreign rivals? Ready-
made clothing, a great item in a lumberman's
expense account, can be purchased for a song
in Canada and New Brunswick compared with
prices in the States, and the duty on such
articles amounts to prohibition.
The next expense upon the production of
logs is the cost of driving them down our riv-
ers to the places of destination for manufac-
ture. The labor and supplies for this purpose,
for the reasons already stated, are more ex-
pensive in Maine than in New Brunswick, and
log-driving is more difficult and costly on our
rivers than upon the majestic St. John river
and tributaries, whose abundant waters furnish
unrivaled facilities. The expense of manufac- "
ture, after the logs are down, comes within the
same category. But, Mr. Chairman, here we
again suffer in the comparison. Our saw-miiis
are nowadays built almost exclusively of iron,
and while we pay an immense duty on iron the
province pays none, or next to none ; and for
that reason, as well as others, they can man-
ufacture cheaper than we can. And, sir, they
can transport the lumber, after it is manufac-
tured, into our habors and ports cheaper than
we can. And why? Because, enjoying an
almost entire immunity from taxation, they can
construct and navigate their vessels cheaper
than we can. Every article but the wood
which a Maine ship-builder puts into a vessel
is largely taxed ; the vessel is taxed ; her ton-
nage is taxed ; her business is taxed.
Nor is this all of taxes attaching to the pro-
duction and manufacture oflutnber. By a con-
struction of the Internal Revenue Bureau the
owners of land are required to return a consid-
erable share of the stumpages they receive to
be taxed as an item of income. The manufac-
turer of lumber pays for a license to manufac-
ture, and as a seller pays a tax on his sales,
and an income tax upon the excess of profits
over ยง1,000, if he is fortunate enough to make
such profits. This is not all, even. Municipal
taxation now in Maine, owing to the indebted-
ness of towns as well as of the State entailed
upon us by the late war, is not less than about
3 per cent, upon all kinds of property, upon
nearly a full valuation. As the innumerable
cords bound down Gulliver in Ulliput, so do
the various sources of taxation, when com-
bined, operate as a powerful weight to keep
down the profits of our enterprise and industry.
The result of all this series of taxation is that
our lumber costs us several dollars per 1,000
feet more than the same kind of lumber costs
our neighbors, the provincials.
