4936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
oannot without disregard of every considera-
tion that should control fair legislation, refuse
to adopt this amendment, the other claims
having been provided for in this bill.
The gentleman from Massachusetts will re-
member that ten years ago, when this system
began to bo inaugurated, appropriation bills
were required to be read, so that points of order
could be made against these amendments. I
say that Ihis bill comes wrongfully before this
House, and I do not use the word in any offens-
ive sense, because I do not want to givo my
.assent to favoritism and preference to certain
claimants against this Government.
The gentleman from Massachusetts may have
managed his appropriation bills wisely in other
respects, but in this he has failed in looking to
the vital duty ke owes to the Government.
This bill, appropriating $11,000,000, ten years
ago would not have exceeded So,000,000.
Such is the commentary upon the speech made
by the gentleman three months ago in this
House in favor of retrenchment! I should
prefer to see the gentleman speak rather by
works than words in favor of economy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I have already shown, .Mr.
Chairman, to anybody who can see, that every
one of these items here is authorized by law :
and if the gentleman from Indiana does not
know it, it is because something is the matter
with his eyes. Yet the gentleman talks about
favoritism in connection with his performance
here last night, when he put a bill through, a
bill laughed out of the Committee of Claims,
and which could not find any one to father it
in the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman say
that bill was laughed out of the Committee of
Claims? Does lie say that on his own respons-
ibility ?
Mr. DAWES. I say that he waited his lime.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. DAWES. I decline to yield now. I
know and lie knows whether there was any
favoritism in that claim. I am willing he
should unfold the particulars of that claim,
which [ happen lo know and which I strove
io get the Speaker's recognition to state, but
{he gentleman's friends stood atound lam last
night and put his bill through in spite of every-
thing T eonid do. He says wo have put claims
upon this bill which are not authorized by lav/,
when the law has been read over and over
again to-day. The gentleman from Indiana
has intelligence enough to know that the state-
ments he makes here lack all the essentials
which require belief and confidence on our
part.
Mr. HOIiMAN". I withdraw the amendment
and ash leave to lenew it in order to say a
word. I make a square issue of facts with the
gentleman from Massachusetts on a subject of
public concern—the duty of a member upon
this floor. X make with the gentleman a square
issue of facts and of personal veracity on this
question. 0:i any matter connected with the
discharge of my official duties I am willing
now, as ever, to accept such an issu'\ If the
gentleman from Massachusetts spoke truly 1
am subject, to the censure of this llouse. liow
much more should the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts be subject to the censuic ol the House
if unwarrantably he has made a charge which
is not true in fact.
The gentleman assumes that a bill for the
payment of $2,000 to a poor widow, Mrs. Rid-
dle, who with her fatherless children asked
justice of this Government, had been laughed
out of the Committee of Claims and not re-
ported to the House by authority of that com-
mittee, was passed by the House at my instance
Inst evening, and was a fraud on the House. I
do not misreport the gentleman's words. 1
tell the gentleman that lie has made an unwar-
rantable statement. I reported that measure
from the Committee of Claims. I admit that
*.t would have been a fraud on the House if I
had not authority to report it. And I say it is
a fraud on the House if the gentleman charges
that I had no such authority, when it is the
fact that I had authority to report the bill.
Sir, that bill, which Imd previously passed
the Senate, came to the House by the authority
of that committee, in the regular course of tho
proceedings of the committee and of the House.
It was acted upon by the House under a sus-
pension of the rules, and passed with its ap-
proval with the usual two-thirds vote. But if
it bo (rue that that bill for the relief of tho
widow and fatherless children to pay a debt
of $2,000 long due was a fraud on the House
then let the gentleman prove it by the Journals
of the House and tho records of the Committee
of Claims; let him prove it by the voice of
any member of that committee, or let him
stand charged with having made in this House
a statement not sustained by the records, and
the baselessness of which he ought to have
known before uttering it.
The gentleman puts into this bill hundreds
of thousands of dollars for private claims—■
872,000 for one claim not more meritorious
than the claim of this widow, even if every word
ho has uttered about it be true—and then lie
comes and complains about an appropriation
of $2,000 to pay a poor widow and her chil-
dren the little pittance due them by the Gov-
ernment. is there no favoritism when nine-
teen wealthy gentlemen are singled out to
receive from the Government $250,000, mid
objection is made when the widow and the
fatherless demand their pittance of justice at
our hands? And why should the gentleman
attack mo except lo divert attention from that
favoritism ?
Yesterday the gentleman from Massachusetts
defended oim of these extravagant appropria-
tions on tho pretense (hat it was an appropria-
tion for the benefit of farmers, knowing well
that it was an act of unwarrantable extrava-
gance and profligacy to make the appropria-
tion. A gentleman occupying the elevated
position of chairman of the Committee of
Appropriations should remember that he is
subject, so fur as his measures are concerned,
to fair and legitimate criticism. And when
it is his measures alone that are dealt with he
has no right to indulge in personal retaliation,
unless he is prepared to sustain his statements.
I have nothing lurther to say, and withdraw
the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Bolus's
amendment; and there were, on a division-
ayes 44, noes 52; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Boles and Mr.
Dawes.
Tho committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 53, noes CI.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable tho Secretary of tho Treasury to pay
Jacob I'. Leese, assignee of Thomas 0. Larkin, in
conformity to a judgment of the Court of Claims,
rendered .December 24,I860, less the interest, and the
sum i>;iid or. account, namely, the balance of $3,
which sura shall be ui lull snt if faction of all demands
usauist the Government for said ncconnt.
Mr. CHEB3. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of line eight bun-
dled and live:
To pay llenry S. TIalliday and Dyas T. Porker tho
sum of '.-7,612. m full satisfaction of a. judgment, in
rent, rendered ia the district court, of the United
States for tho southern district of Illinois on the 7t!i
day of J uly, 1SG7.
Mr. KEIjSEY. I make a point of order on
that amendment.
Mr. CREBS. This is a determined judg-
ment against the United States, and if any
claims are allowed to ho passed in this bill
certainly this claim is entitled to consideration.
It is the judgment of the court. It is a liqui-
dated debt against the Government of the Uni-
ted Staffs in favor of these parties. 1 have
the record in this ease from the district court
of the United States for the southern district
of Illinois, which shows that the parties named
have a judgment in the United States court for
the sum here named.
The facts are about these. In 18fi5 the
steamer Duke of Argyle was passing down the
Mississippi river, when she met with an acci-
dent which caused the loss of part of her cargo.
The cargo belonged to the United States. They
immediately proceeded in the United States
courts to obtain judgment against the Duke of
Argyle and her cargo for damages. While
that suit waspending the Government, through
the quartermaster in charge at Cairo, took pos-
session of the steamboat and sent her down
South. A judgment was rendered in thedistrict
court at Springlield. after a full hearing on both
sides, in favor of the parties owning the steamer.
It is a liquidated claim against the Govern-
ment. There is a clear judgment in favor of
the parties in a court of the United States
against the United States, and I ask that an
appropriation be made for the payment of that
claim.
Mr. GR1SWOLD. Is this a judgment of
the Court of Claims?
Mr. CREBS. Not, at all; it is a judgment
of the district court of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Chebs] that there is a bill
from the Senate, which has been referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, covering cases
of this kind. There may have been a forfeit
to this judgment; if not, the record will show
it. and the claim may be allowed under that
bill.
Mr. CREBS. The record shows the whole
transaction.
Mr. DAWES. The bill is now pending in
tiie Committee on Appropriations, and I think
the gentleman will get his claim through quicker
if he will leave it lo come under that bill than
by putting it in this one. If it is such a judg-
mentas the gentleman says, it ought to bo paid,
and I would not object to its being paid.
Mr. CREBS. 1 am satisfied that this claim
is not covered by the bill to which the gentle-
man refers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentlman from New
York, [Mr. Kei.set,] and rules the amendment
to bo in order.
Mr. DAWES. I know nothing against the
judgment of this district court.
Mr. CREBS. I have the judgment hero.
Mr. DAWES. I have no knowledge on the
subject; I do not feel at liberty to oppose the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I yesterday
offered an amendment in reference to the sur-
vey of lands. I ask unanimous consent to add
before each of the sums named in that amend-
ment the words " not to exceed."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I offer the following amend-
ment :
On page after line ei^lit Iiun.rrcJandsev-entesn,
insert as follows:
lor services performed in the Patent Office under
the direction ot the Commissioner of Patents, from
i August 1, 1665, to Aprif 1, 1S0VJ, by clerks and assist-
! ant examine!?, acting as assistant examiners and ex-
! ammers at the rate fixed bv law for those respective
I grades, tho sum of $10,751 41.
1 Mr. KLLSEY. I make tho point of order
J that this is not a liquidated claim, and there-
j fore not in order on this bill.
i flic CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
i point of order.
[ Mr.^M\EBS._ A word, if you please. This
; amendment is in pursuance of existing law.
j o- lion I asked the chairman of the Committee
| 011 Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] before wo
[ commenced the discussion of this bill on yes-
j terday, he stated that there was no need to get
I a suspension of the rules to enable me to iutro-
j dncc it. it is in pursuance of existing law, and
i at rates fixed by Jaw.
i Mr. IvELSEY. As I understand it, there is
j no law to pay these men any different sum from.
I what they have been paid ; and for that reason
