14(5
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March JO,
Ho. OF BEPS.
Reduction of the Army—Mr. Logan.
41st Oosra 2d Sess.
cient to complete these organizations. Any de-
tails necessary for recruiting, courts-martial,
Indian agencies, &c., can be made from assigned
officers without at all impairing the efficiency
of the service. Daring the late war there were
seldom more than two thirds and often but one
third of the complement of line or field officers
of a company or regiment present for duty.
These organizations are now much depleted,
and can certainly in time of peace spare an
officer occasionally for the before mentioned
duties, or any other that the exigencies of the
service may require.
It is urged against the reduction that these
officers entered the Army with the understand-
ing that they were to have a life tenure in their
profession, subject only to their good be-
havior, and that they are unfitted to engage in
other pursuits. The first objection is not with-
out force, but the tenure is always subject to
the requirements of the service. This is true
in the civil service of the Government, and the
rule is becoming recognized in Europe in both
civil and military affairs. If our military estab-
lishment grew too large in lime of war for a
time of peace, as it did, it is a duty that we
owe to the country to reducc it, not only in the
number of enlisted men, but in the excess of
otlicers occasioned by the reduction of the
former. Two good reasons demand such a
course. It is contrary to the genius and prac-
tice of our Government to have a large num
her of employes tilling positions in which there
is no service to perform, ft is required by
that idea of economy now happily and neces-
sarily pervading the (Joveninicnl. and the coun-
uy. The second objection, that these men are
until,ted because of their present life for I he
i ivil professions, possesses very litlle strength,
except, pei haps, in a few cases. The Military
Academy furni.shes to those who are so fortu-
nate as .to become its students and graduates
a complete menial and physical training, as
well as a thorough knowledge of the arts, sci-
ences, and several languages. It seeks, and
perhaps more fully accomplishes its aim than
any oilier institution in Ihe world, to send out
from its venerated halls lull developed man-
hood. Nor does subsequent service in the lield
impair those high qualities so successfully in-
grafted into the student. Rapidity of thought,
self-reliance, and promptness of execution are
required by the demands of the profession, and
the man, whether from the Academy or the
walks of civil life, if worthy of an officer's
position, will be influenced and strengthened
iiy I his vigorous training.
These qualities thus taught and secured are
sure passports to success anywhere and in any
business. Home may be expected to fail, but
some, quite too many, 1 fear, are already fail-
ures, and from these we should be speedily
delivered. The great majority are compara-
tively young men, skillful and active, and they
will as leadily adapt themselves to the change
of life as did the noble volunteers when dis-
banded in 1805 after three and four years' gal-
lant service. In this country the field of labor
is too broad and the avenues to success too
many for any man to fail that has a willing
hand and a brave heart.
The numbers and grades of the unassigned
otlicers are as follows: seventeen colonels,
eighteen lieutenant colonels, twenty majors,
one hundred and eighty-four captains, two
hundred and nineteen first lieutenants, fifty-
six second lieutenants, and two chaplains. At
the rate of payment proposed in the bill these
supernumeraries would receive §904,000, with-
out including the ten per cent, for every five
years of continuous service. With the burden
of our public debt, and with taxation pressing
upon the people, it behooves their Representa-
tives to economize at every point; to discharge
every employe who is no longer required, and
bring down the expenditures to the lowest
standard, to the end that taxes may be low-
ered while our debt is being steadily decreased.
Here a large economy can be practiced. It is
proposed to increase the retired list from one
hundred and seventy-seven to two hundred and
fifty, with seventy-five per cent, of the pay of
the rank when retired. Even when this is
done a discharge of the supernumeraries, after
a thorough examination of all arms of the
service with a view that reduction may fall
equally, will work a saving to the Treasury of
over three fourths of a million dollars. If
in addition the staff corps is reduced to the
number that the requirements of the service
demand, as it should be, and the other changes
made that are suggested, the whole amount
saved will exceed $1,500,000. In my judg-
ment the country demands this economy and
will hold us responsible for its exercise. Pro-
fessions of reform are not sufficient; the peo-
ple want real, tangible evidences of success in
that direction. Let their Representatives be
faithful to this sentiment, and equal to this
demand, and they will receive the approval of
"well done, good and faithful servants."
The system of payment to officers of the
Army is somewhat of a curiosity. But few of
them can tell what amount they will receive
on the next pay day. How is it calculated?
Look at the items entering- into each monthly
account—pay proper, commutation of rations,
pay for servants, commutation for servants'
clothing, commutation for servants' rations,
commutation for fuel, for quarters, for lon-
gevity rations, additional compensation for
commanding company, and so on. It is a fact
that owing to the complications, intricacies,
and embarrassments attendant upon a proper
adjustment of paymasters' accounts in the War
and 'Treasury Departments, by reason of the
complexity of the system and the mauy ques-
tions of law and regulations arising therein,
but few employ6s have been found compe-
tent to properly adjust them, and that skill
has been acquired only after years of patient
toil and careful study. This is unnecessary
and should be corrected. A simple statement,
such as this bill proposes, of the pay of each
grade will prevent false certificates, wrong in
principle, but in this case sanctioned by long-
established custom, and perplexing mistakes.
It will insure to the officer prompt payment
instead of embarrassing delays, and will reduce
the expenses in the examination, auditing, and
settlement of the accounts of paymasters, by
causing a large reduction of the force of em-
ployes engaged thereon in the War and Treas-
ury Departments.
The present anomalous system is part of our
heritage from England. It is now in opposi-
tion, but should be made to harmonize with
our modern policy. The Post Office Depart-
ment having beeomc fully satisfied of the fail-
ure and abuse arising from allowing its agents
a percentage on their seizures, has entirely
changed, with good results, its policy in this
respect. A similar change, and for the same
reasons, is recommended by the President and
Secretary of the Treasury for the Treasury
Department. The reform is needed, and will
insure greater honesty and closer attention to
legitimate business when the salary is definite
and certain, and should be applied to all the
branches of the Government. If the proposed
change is effected some inequalities will doubt-
less appear, but they will be far less than exist
under the present system. The officer in the
city may complain that he is not paid equally
with his brethren on the frontier, inasmuch as
from the necessity of the situation the latter
will be furnished quarters and fuel free of ex-
pense by the Government, but surely this would
be but a slight compensation for the hardships
and deprivations of a frontier service.
Thus far the bill has received my unquali-
fied approval and support, but there are one or
two features which I think should be modified
or stricken out. If, however, the House de-
cides otherwise, I shall cheerfully submit and
not hesitate to vote for the bill on its passage.
It seems to me that the brevet titles gained
by meritorious service, and costing nothing to
the Government, should not at one fell stroke
be entirely destroyed. They are esteemed as
highly as the Frenchman prizes his cross of
the Legion of Hooor, and wo should hesitate
before stripping the gallant soldier of his hard-
earned decoration. He will keenly feel Ihe
degradation imposed by the country which he
serves. Refuse to confer the rank, if you
choosc, in time of peace, but let those wear
the honor who by valor and skill have already
secured it.
The reduction of the heads of the staff corps
from their present rank to a lower grade is, to
my mind, unjust to the present incumbents. It
has been said that they can retire if they do not
choose to accept and let others take their places;
but that is hardly a sound argument, though
often used in other connections as well as in
this. Most, of these gentlemen gained their
position, and all for efficient service during the
war, and every soldier knows how well they
did their work; for the wants of no army in
the world were ever so well administered to as
those of the Federal Army during the rebellion
by the chiefs whom we nowpropose to degrade.
Their services are yet required, for there are
yet great duties to be performed under their
supervision, and it is not proposed to dispense
with them. Why then reduce them? As an
example of the injustice of this measure, take
the case of the Quartermaster General, whose
loyalty and ability at the head of his depart-
ment have been so conspicuous since 18(>1.
The proposition to strip him of the rank per-
sonally conferred by President Lincoln for
gigantic labors efficiently executed, and reduce
him to a colonel's grade and pay, and at the
same, time imposing upon him tlic responsi-
bility of the disbursement of $15,000,000 dur-
ing the coming year, is unwise and should not
receive the sanction of Congress. These officers
are compelled, by the necessity of their posi-
tions, to reside in the capital of the nation, the
most expensive city of the United States ; and
I submit we should not, injustice to them, for
this reason as well as others, adopt this feature
of the bill. If tho Government would have hon-
est, faithful servants, it must be true to them.
Let us be just to all, to the country, to the
Army, and to ourselves.
Reduction of the Army.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN A. LOGAN,
01' illinois,
In tiie House op Representatives,
March, 10, 1870.
The House having under consideration the bill
(XI. It. No. 987) to rcducc the number of oIBcers in
the Amy of the United States, and for other pur-
poses—
Mr. LOGAN said:
Mr. Speaker: I desire tho careful attention
of members, so that we may thoroughly under-
stand what is the design of the Committee on
Military Affairs in the measure now before us.
In a succinct manner I shall endeavor to state
what we propose. We propose, on the basis
of the report of the Secretary of War, to reduce
the number of officers in the Army, by muster-
ing out a number equal to the number who are
now without commands; to reduce the rank of
some officers, and to change the law as it now
exists in reference to the Army in many feat-
ures. Before submitting this bill the Com-
