1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
to state clearly that I give it, as many of us
are often compelled to vote in this House on
the reports of committees upon contested elec-
tions, without having had time to go through
the evidence ourselves. But on the state-
ments of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland,] and the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Churchill,] who has the matter particu-
larly in charge, I feel myself justified in voting
as t he majority of the committee recommend.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to ask the !
gentleman from New York [Mr.' Churchill]
whether he will consent to withdraw the motion
for the previous question, in order to enable
me to move to postpone the decision of the
question till Monday?
Mr. CHURCHILL, I do not think my duty
will permit me to assent to that proposition.
If I hav$ any time left I will now yield to. the [
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.] *
Mr. PAINE. I desire to make but a single I
remark to the House. , Reference has been :
made on this floor to-day, as on several other
occasions, to a certain resolution declaring the
Committee of Elections to be. a judicial body;
and I have heard it said, both here ^ud else- j
where, that I was the author of that resolution. ,
I wish to state here, once for all, what it was
which I did once offer in this House. I once j
offered a resolution setting forth that the ddties j
of this House, in contested-election cases, were j
judicial in their nature. I never offered any j
resolution relating to the Committee of Elec-
tions particularly; but I offered a resolution j
declaring that the duties we had to perform here j
were judicial in their nature. As regards the j
particular resolution which was adopted by the
House, I voted for it, although it was not pre-
cisely in the form I would have given it if I
had drafted it,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STILES. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
Mr. CHURCHILL.. I move to lay that
motion on the table.
Mr. BURR. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has moved
to reconsider, and I ask the Chair whether the
gentleman from New York, without the floor
being yielded to him, has a right to move that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table?
The SPEAKER. The motion not being
debatable, the gentleman from New York has
a right to move to lay it on the table. The
motion to order the main question is not de-
batable, nor is the motion to reconsider the
vote ordering the main question.
On the question to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table, there were, on a division—
ayes 88, noes 38.
So the motion was laid on the table.
The question then recurred on the main ques-
tion, which was on the amendment of Mr.
Randall, on behalf of the minority of the
committee, to strike out all after the word
"resolved" in the resolutions reported from,
the majority of the committee and to insert in
lieu thereof the following :
That by reason of the foregoing facts Henry D.
Foster is entitled to represent the twenty-rirst con-
fressional district of Pennsylvania for the Forty-
'irst Congress in the House of Representatives of
the United States.
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 122, not voting
40; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Axtoll, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Jnmeg Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cox, Crebs, Dox, Eld-
ritlge,Geta, Gibson, Grolladay. Griswold, Haight, Hal-
dcuym, Humill, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
KnOTt, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, McNeely,
Morgan, Niblack, Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rice,
ScUum«ik.er.Sberrod,Slocuni, Joseph S.Smith,Stiles,
btone, Strader, Swann, Trimble, Van Auken, Van
* 00rhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodward—49.
Ames, Armstrong, Arnell, Asper,
Li a ;i lisji ram amin, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb. Cobiwn, Cook, Conger,
Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dockery,
Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Fish-
er, Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan. Hale, Hamilton, Haw-
ley, Hay, Heaton, Heflin, Hoar, Hoge,_Hotchkiss,
Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian,Kelley,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence,
Logan, Loughridge, MoCarthy, MeCrary, McGrew,
Mercur. Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Dan-
iel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser,
Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Soofield,
Shanks. Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John
A. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Strong, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell,
Tyner. Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whittemore, Wil-
kinson, Willard, John T. Wilson, Winans, and
Witcher—122. , . ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer,
Ayer, Bailey, Barnum, Beatty, Bennett, Booker,
Buckley, Cleveland, Davis, Dickinson, Dixon, Don-
ley, Dyer, Ferry, Fox, Greene, Hambleton. Haw-
kins, Hays, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Jenckes, Kellogg,
Lynch, Maynard, McKenzie, Milnes,,) esse ii. Moore,
Morrissey, Mungen, Peters, Potter.iRidgway, Rog-
ers, Worthington C. Smith, Sweeney, Taffe, Tanner,
Upson, Ward, Williams, and Winchester—46.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MAYNARD stated that he had paired
upon this question with Mr. Mungen, and that
Mr, Mungen would have voted "ay," and he
[Mr. Maynard] "no."
Mr. DYER stated that he had paired with
Mr. Winchester, who would have voted "ay,"
while he [Mr. Dyer] would have voted " no."
Mr. BUCKLEY announced that he had j
paired with Mr. Hambleton. i
Mr. NIBLACK stated that Mr. Holman was !
confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. COX stated that Mr. Fox was detained
in New York by sickness.
Mr. SCHUMAKER announced that Mr.
Barnum was detained at home on account of
sickness; if he had been present he would have
voted "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
following resolutions, reported by the Commit-
tee of Elections:
Resolved, That Henry D. Foster is not entitled to
a seat in this House as Representative from the
twenty-first congressional district of Pennsylvania.
Resolved, That John Covode was duly elected Rep-
resentative in Congress from the twenty-first con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania, at the election
held therein on the 13th day of October, 1868, and
that he is entitled to a seat in this House as such
Representative.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for a division of
the question, so as to have a separate vote on
the resolutions.
The question was taken on the first resolu-
tion ; and it was agreed to•
The question was then on the second resolu-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and nays. |
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 45,
not voting 51; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Arnell, Asper,
Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger,
Cowles, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey,
Duval, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg,
Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Hamilton,
Hawkins, Hawley. Hay, Heaton, Heflin, Hoar,
Hoge, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp,
Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, McCarthy,
MoGrew, McKenzie, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Myers, Negley.O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter,
Prosser, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Soo-
field, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
John A. Smith, William J.Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman,
Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Van Horn, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wheeler, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Willard, John
T. Wilson, Winans, and Witcher—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Beck. Biggs,
Bird, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cox, Crebs, Dox,
Eldridge, Getz, Gibson, Golladay, Griswold, Haight,
Ilaldeinan, Hamill, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mayham, McNeely, Mor-
gan, Niblack, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Sehumukor
Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Strader, Swann'
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, AVells'
Eugene M.Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—45.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer
Ayer, Bailey, Barnum, Beatty, Bennett, Booker'
Buckley, Burchard, Cleveland, Dickinson, Dixon'
Dockery, Donley, Dyer, Ela, Fox, Greene, HamI
bleton, Hays, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Jenekes, Kel-
logg, Laflin, Lynch,Maynard, McCormick, MeCrary,
Milnes, J esse H. Moore, Morrissey, Mungen, Palmer,
Peters, Potter, Reading, Ridgway, Rogers, Roots,
Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, Stone, Sweeney,
Upson, Ward, Williams, and Winchester—51.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CHURCHILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I now ask that Mr.
Covode be sworn in.
Mr. Covode accordingly presented himself
and qualified by taking the oath prescribed by
the law of July 2, 1862.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr.
Horace Porter, his Private Secretary, in-
formed the House that the President bad ap-
proved and signed a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 143) to authorize the Secretary of War to
provide for taking meteorological observations
at the military stations and other points in the
interior of the continent, and for giving notice
on the northern lakes and sea-board of the
approach and force of storms.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, indefinite leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Sweeney after to-
morrow, and to Mr. Jenckes for the remainder
of this week.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SWANN, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Frederick Bozenne.
SETTLERS ON PUBLIC LANDS IN IOWA.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Public
Lands, with a recommendation that the same
do pass, House bill No. 872, for the relief of
the settlers on certain lands in the State of
Iowa. .
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
grant of lands made by the act of Congress
approved July 12, 1862, for the improvement
of the Des Moines river, in Iowa, and for other
purposes, shall not be held to include any tract
of alternate sections, designated by odd num-
bers, within five miles of said river between
the Raccoon fork and the northern boundary
of the State, upon which any actual bona fide
settler shall have made settlement and im-
provements at or prior to the date of such act;
and that any actual bona fide settler having
made such settlement, improvement, and resi-
dence on any such lands as herein described
shall, if otherwise qualified, be entitled to the
right of preemption thereto, under the provis-
ions of the act of Congress approved Septem-
ber 4, 1841.
Mr. JULIAN. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole an
