3992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June
1,
tion matches. Those "who manufacture these
matches beg the tax may be kept on for the
reason that they have been able to so system-
atize their w:ork, if they do any wholesale busi-
ness, that while they have been able to bring
down the price of matches they have produced
profit abundantly for themselves.
Mr. INGBBSOLL. I ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to inform
this House whether, in hi3 opinion, the price
of matches would rise if this tax were taken
off?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do ; I have 310 doubt of
it. Then the manufacture of these matches
will go everywhere into back-rooms and else-
where and be carried on in a small way. As
I have stated, experience has shown tinder the
present stamp duty these match manufacturers
have been able to systematize their business to
such an extent—and the gentleman may laugh
just as much as he pleases, and if he does not
know it it is because he has not investigated
the subject as we have—that while paying this
tax the price has been brought down.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Had we not better in-
crease the-tax, for if this tax has brought down
the price, to increase the tax will bring it down
still further?
Mr. SCHENCK. If my irrepressible friend
from Illinois will only allow me to proceed I will
answer him. Is the majority of this House
ready to take the responsibility of taking off
nearly two million dollars of taxes, which those
who pay them do not want taken off, but which
they want kept on, because this tax has tended
to systematize the business so thai the people
have got their matches cheaper? If they are
determined to do so, then, of course, they will
not support the motion to reconsider.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table ; but he-
fore doing so I desire to say a few words in
reply to my colleague, [Mr. Kklley.] He
says this tax is not felt by anybody ; that those
who pay it do not know even when they pay
the tax that they pay it at all. 1 maintain that
this tax is paid by everybody who uses matches.
A gross of matches costs thirty-seven cents,
and upon that gross of matches the Govern-
ment tax is $1 44; which is a most exorbitant
tax.
Mr. KELLEY. What do the people have to
pay for matches now, and what did they have to
pay before V
Mr. RANDALL. _ T am a domestic man,
and my experience is we pay double what we
formerly paid for matches. Now, I do not see
why we should legislate particularly for any
special combination of manufacturers. I can
understand very well why these match manu-
facturers should go to the Committee of Ways
and Means and say they want this lax kept
on. A box of matches costs about one quar-
ter ot a cent to make them, and the Govern-
ment puts on a tax of one cent a box. It
is a preposterous and outrageous tax, and I
hope the House will insist on striking it
out. s
Mr. KELLEY. Does the gentleman forget
that twenty matches are used to light pipes
and cigars to one used for the kitchen lire?
Mr. RANDALL. I will answer the dema-
gogery ot my colleague by saying in the same
style ol_ phrase that I do uot forget the fire has
to be kindled i,u the huts. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Michigan.
Mr. SIOUGH TON. Mr. Speaker, it is said
l.iut the tax 011 matches produces over one and
a half million dollars annually. Does any one
believo that the price is not increased in the
same proportion to the consumer? And, sir,
the burden fails not only on the rich, who are
uole to pay, but also upon the poor, who ought
to be relieved. Wo profess, sir, that the in-
come tax is a tax upon large incomes and lux-
uries; but here we impose a tax upon one
of the prime necessaries of life. There is no
good reason for taxing the means by which the
poor man lights the fires of industry in the
morning or carries 011 his avocations in the
evening.
Now, what is the argument used here in sup-
port of this tax? It is said that the large man-
ufacturing establish men ts want i t retained. Are
we legislating for them, sir, or for the people?
This fact itself is sufficient to show that they
are getting a larger price for this article than
its real worth. It may be for their interest to
keep the tax on matches, and thus increase
the price and their profits; but I think I know
what I say when I assert that the great body
of the people desire to be relieved from this
imposition.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE rose.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not the motion to
reconsider debatable?
The SPEAKER. Only under the five-min-
utes rule.
The question was put on the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the House struck
out the tax on friction matches.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
81, noes 75.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. FOX demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 7G, not voting
G4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Axteli, Ayer, li.xiley. Banks,
Barry, Benm.ui, Be.itty, Bennett, JBentim, Binsjiniin,
Jikur, Booker, George M. Brooks, ISuffinton, Benja-
min Ji1. Buticr, Itoderick K. Butier, William T. Clark,
C0I1 urn. Dawes, jDesener. Donley, Duval, Dyer,
iarrisworih, IVrriss. Fisher. O.irfleld, Gilfillan, Har-
ris, Uawloy, Iloar, Iloovier, Ilotchkiss, Judd, Kelley,
Kei<ey, Kefeham, Knapp, Lnflm, Lush, Logan, Mc-
Carthy, McCrary, MeKee, Mercur, Je-'se II. Moore,
Newsham, O'NoiH. Orth, Packard, Packer, Perce,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy, Roots, Sawyer,
Schenck, Schuwaker.PorterSheldon, John A .Smith,
William J. Smith, Wortbingfon C. Smith, William
Smyth, Stokes, Strong, Tanner, Tavlor. Tillman,
iownsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Wal-
lace, Ward. William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
Willard, Williams.and Wituhor—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Reck. Biggs, Bird, JBowen,
Burr, Cleveland, AmasaCobb.Cook. Conger, Cowles,
Cox, Ci'O bs, Davis, Dickinson, 10 id ridge, Finkelnburg,
pitch, lox, OeU, Oriswojd. Ilaight,, Hale, liaimll,
Hay, liars', IIeilin,Hill, llolman. Ingersoll, Kellogg,
Jveir.KnoU, Lawrence, Lewis, Loughridge,Marshall,
Mayham,MeOormick,MeCrrew, McKensic, MeNccly,
Milnes.Iiilinkim II. Moore, William Moore. Morgan,
Mornssey, Myers, Niblack, Paine, Peck, Potter, Ken-
dall, Reeves, Rice. Sargent, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sher-
rod, Joseph S. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone,
Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Swann. Sweenev,
Trimble, Van Aukcn, Wells, Whitmorc, Kugene M.
Wilson, JohnT. Wilson, Winans, Wood, and Wood-
ward—76.
NOT VOTIMG— Messrs. Adams, Barnum, Benja-
min, Boles, Boyd, James Brooks. Buck, Buckley,
Burchard, Burdett. Cake. Calkin, Cessna, Churchill,
Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Cornier, Covode,
Cullom, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Box, Hla, Perry,
Uibson.Huldeman, Ilambleton, Hamilton, LUwkins,
lioaton. Hogo, Jcnckes, Johnson, Alexander 11.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Lynch, Maynard,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mun-
gen, Negley, Palmer, Poland, Porter, Prosser, Ririg-
way, Rogers, Sanford, Scolield, Shanks, Shober, Slo-
cum, Starkweather, Stevens,Tatt'e. Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Voorhecs, Cadwalader C.Washburn, Wilkin-
son, and Winchester—61.
So tho motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
'main question ordered ; which was on the
motion of Mr. Stoughtox, to strike out the
paragraph imposing a tax on friction matches.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
C9, noes 80.
Mr. Fox and Mr. Woodward demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 94, not voting
56 ; as follows:
Adams, Arelicr, Beck, Big«s
jiru. I>nrr njml. l nrt* f:l oirol nn/i
Lewis, Loughridge, Lvnch, Marshall. Mayham. Mc-
Cormick, McGrew, McKenzie. McNeeiy, Mil no-?,
Eliakim II. Moore, William Moore, Morgan, M<_>r-
rissey, Myers, Niblack. Paine, Peck, Potter, Ran-
dall, Reeves, Rice, Sargent, Lionet A. Sh'dd'm,
Sherrod, Slocum,JoscphS. Smith, Stevenson. Stiles,
Stone, Stoughton, Strader. Strickland. Swann,
Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken, Weils, Wilkinson,
Eugene M.Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans, Wood,
and Woodward—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey,
Banks, Barry, Beaman, Beat+.y, Bennett, Benton,
Holman, In«er oll, Kellogg, kerr, Knott, Lawrcaco
Dawes, Degener, Donley, Duval. Dyer. 131a, Farm-
worth, Ferriss, Fisher, Garfield, (HUHUm, ll rrn,
Hawkins, Hawley, Iloar, Hooper, Jlotchkiss, Judd,
Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laliin, Lri-h,
Logon, McCarthy, McCrary, McKee, Mercur, Je--e
H. Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Newshara, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Perce, Peters, Phelps, t'lau,
Pomeroy, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck,Schuniaker, So-
field, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Tinman,
Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Van Horn, Wallace,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Willard,
and Williams—9-1.
NOT VOTINU—Messrs. Barnum, Benjamin,
Boles, Boyd, James Brooks, Buck, Buckie*, Bur-
dett, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill. Clinton L. Cobb,
Conner, Covode, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Eldridge,
Ferry, Gibson, Ilaldcman, llambleton, Hamilton,
Ileaton," Hoge, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander ll.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Maynard. Mor-
phis, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Negley, Palmer,
Poland, Porter, Prosser, Ridgway, Rogers, Sanloi a.
Shanks, Shober, Stevens, Stokes, Talfe, Upson, Vai>
Trump, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Cadwalader C„
Washburn. Welker, Whumore, Winchester, and
Witeber—5G.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk then read the thirty-third section,
as folio vvs :
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That all medi-
cines, preparations, compositions, perfumery, cos-
metics, cordials, and other liquors manufactured
wholly or in part of domestic spirits, intended tor
exportation, as provided for by law, in order to be
manulactued and sold or removed, without bem<
charged with duty and without havmgastampatrixed
thereto, shall, under such rules and regulations a 
theOominissioncrot Internal Revenuemay prescribe,
be made and manufactured in warehouses similarly
constiucted to those known and designated in Treas-
ury regulations as bonded warehouses, elans two r
Provided, That such manufacturer shall iirst give-
satislactory.-bonds to the collector ot internal revenue
for the faithful performance of all the provisions of
law and the rules and regulations as aforesaid, ip-
amount not less than half of that required by tho
regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury from
persons allowed bonded warehouses. Such good-
when manufactured in such warehouses, may l,e
removed lor exportation, under the direction of the
proper officer having charge thereof, who shall be
designated by tho Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, without being charged with duty, and without
having a stamp afhxed thereto. Any manufacture1"
ot tho articles aforesaid, or of anj of them, having
such bonded warehouse, as aforesaid,sh ill beat lib-
erty, under such rules and regulations as the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe to-
convey therein any materials to be used m su^h
manufacture which are allowed by the provision* of
law to be exported free from tax or duty, as well
as the necessary materials, implements, packa0*'^
vessels, brands, and labels for the preparation, put-
ting up, and export of the said manufactured arti-
cles; and every article so used shall be exempted
from the payment of stamp and excise duty by such
manufacturer. Articles ami materials to be u?ed
may be transferred from any bonded warehouse in
which tho fame may be, under such regulations ae
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may pro-
scribe, into any bonded warehouse in which such
manufacture may bo conduetcd, and may be used m
such manufacture, and when  o used shall heexemot
from stamp and excise duty; and the receipt of the
onicer m charge, as aforesaid, shall be received as a
voucher lor the mamUacture of such articles. Anv
materials imported into the United States ma,y, under
such rules as tho Secretary of the Treasury muv nie-
senbe, and under the direction of the proper officer
be removed 111 origami packages from on shipboaid,
or from the bonaed warehouse in which the Mime-
may be, into the bonded warehouse in which su<*h
manufacture may be carried on, for the puiposu of
being used m such manufactui e, without payment
"lereon, and may there be used m such
manufacture. J\o article so removed, nor any arfi-
cJe manuiactared in said bonded warehouse, shall be
taken therefrom except for exportation, under ther
direction ot the proper officer havmgehargo thereof,
as aforesaid, wnose certificate,describing thearticles
by_their marks, or otherwise, the quantity, tho date
ot importation, and name of ve&scl, with such addi-
tionalparticmar.s as may from time to time be re-
quired, shall be received by the collector of customs
in eancelia.tion of the bonds, orreturn of the amount,
oi foreign import duties. All labor performed and
services rendered under these regulations ^hall be at.
the expense o4 the manufacturer, and shall be under
the supervision of an officer of the inturnal icvonue,
except the labor and services rendered in removing
