1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2105
And now, sir, the question arises, shall the
markets of the United States be thrown open
as widely to them as to ns? Shall provincials
be privileged at our expense ? Will our benev-
olent Government impose burdens of taxation
.on us aud not on them? Shall our taxed labor
have no advantages over provincial labor, which
is exempt from taxation? Bear in mind that
the greater portion of the cost of lumber is
labor, performed by a population reared to
hardships and toil. Every phase of the enter-
prise is labor, work. It has given us an active,
hardy, industrious, and intelligent race of men,
tens of thousands of whom rushed early and
gallantly around the banners of their country
at the first sound of war in 1801!
Mr. Chairman, the country has already un-
equivocally declared against the policy of a
treaty for reciprocal trade with the British
provinces. The treaty, which ten years sub-
sisted, was terminated upon the demand of
Congress and the unmistakable sentiment of
the nation. No one now asks for a renewal of
that or any similar treaty. The present Exec-
utive, in ilia annual message, refused to recom-
mend, but, on the contrary, directly repudiated
such a policy. This House, by a vote of 120
to 42, sustained the President in such repudi-
ation by a resolution which 1 had the honor to
offer, passed in December, 180!), which was in
the following words:
" Uemhcd, That tho sentiment of tins llouso ac-
cords with tho opinion expressed in tho mossago of
the President ot' tho United Slates, that a, renewal of
a treaty of reciprocal trade with tho British prov-
inces on this coutineiit would be wholly in f.ivor of
the British producer, and should not m our present
condition bo favorably considered."
The Commissioner of Agriculture, in his last
report to (iie President, declares opposition to
reciprocity from t.hestand-poiiit of' the fanners,
in this extract:
"The, fannin!; interest ii ii'ialiei ibly opposed to
tho proposition for the renewal of tho reciprocity
treaty with tlio Dominion of Canada, a measure
tiaUKb.t with dangerous competition, with few com
pensntin^ advantages*; n measure bv which surplus
crops urowii with cheaper labor, bearing no part of
t be burden of our national taxation, would find con-
venient markotin oiii'soa-boardcities, while, our o« u
surplus, produced ai greater distance from our puu-
eipal market, is subject to expensive transportation
and heavy taxation." ' •" * " U Can-
ada on. ouo side, may bo oxompt from eouimeicial
restrictions, Mexico on tho oilier may claim a similar
advautiiKe, and any foicign nation rnaydoiniuid ex-
emption from restrictions which are euuiviilentonlv
to iho excise burdens placed nccossarily upon our
own people. '
If the farmer opposes reciprocity, why should
not the lumberman as well? If reciprocity in
not to be favored, shall we do much worse limn
that, and allow Canadian products to come to
us free, without, even tite small compensations
which were nominally, if not, really, extended
to us in t-lie name of a treaty for reciprocal
trade? \Y ho calls lor such a condition of things
but the limited number of merchants and for-
warders who would be benefited and perhaps
enriched by it?
Let me here say t liat a duty on spruce lumber
can in no way affect tile local interests of the
West. Pine only can bo imported then;. Spruce
is manufactured mainly in Maine, New Hamp-
shire, New York, and the province of New
Brunswick. Nor can it be urged that a tariff
ou lumber would amount to prohibition in any
degree. The importations have been more
since 18GC, when the treaty which admitted lum-
ber free was abrogated, than at any period ,
before that time. Nor can it be foreseen that !
by any reasonable tariff the price of lumber !
will be upon an average enhanced in the States, j
If there is no duty, much more likely that ;
the equivalent of a duty will go as an extra
profit to.the pocket of the Canadian pioducer
or the purchaser rather than inure to the benefit
of those who use and consume. Still, in dull
seasons, it might put in the power of our pro-
vincial neighbors, by the severity of competi-
tion, as has been before done, to inflict upon
our lumbering communities great financial dis-
tress. Figures will show that lumber of all
kinds in 1864 and 1865, during the existence
of the treaty, was considerably higher than it
has ever been since the treaty ceased. And
to-day, from Chicago to New Brunswick, the
trade in lumber is somewhat depressed.
What shall the duty be ? The tariff bill that
was reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means on July ], 1868, proposed a duty on
spruce lumber of $1 50 per 1,000 feet, while
the present committee have graciously reduced
the same in the sum of o0 cents. The value
of spruce logs before manufacture at Bangor,
tho largest lumber depot in Maine, per 1,000
feet has been for quite a number of years
from $13 to 510- When manufactured its
value of course increases. The present duty
of 20 per cent, ad valorem at the place of ship-
ment is, besure, on a basis of gold. But it
must be considered, also, that gold and cur-
rency are approaching each other in value with
a rapid stride, and the assessments fixed in this
bill, if passed, will remain for a great period
of time. If, then, manufactured spruce at St.
John city, the New Brunswick market, was
worth even $10, the present tariff would give a
duty of $2 per 1,000, which rate, under all the
circumstances, as a representative of lumber-
ing interests, 1 would be glad to accept, pre-
ferring a moderate and permanently fixed duty
rather than to be exposed to the risks and
alarms of fluctuations which would grow out
of future agitation. Everybody is aware that
invoices at foreign ports are not what they
should be ; but in a specific duty there can be
nothing like as much fraud as is practiced under
the ad valorem system. But if the tariff upon
the spruce of New Brunswick cannot be £2 at
least, far better for us of Maine that the kind
and amount of duty should remain as it is.
While the average of duties under our tariffs
lias been reckoned to be as high as -10 or 50
per cent., lumber bears a duty of less than
half the average burden, and $2 upon spruce
would be less even than that.
1 have dwelt upon the duties on spruce.
jMaiue is interested much more in that than
other .sorts of lumber. Out of about throe
thousand cargoes shipped annually for several
years past from the port, of Bangor, averaging
more large than small shipments, more than
tin CO loiulhs of the quantity have been spruce.
Therefore my constituents aud the people of
Maine, from the woodsmau who traverses the
forest to the sailor who traverses the sea, are
more interested in having a fair and equitable
duty ou spruce than all other sorts of lumber
whatever.
Tho bill proposes a uniform duty on pine
of $2 per l,00D. But this description of lum-
ber is move variable in value and quality than
any other. It is worth in the Bangor market,
from $12 to five times 5512 per 1,000. If §2
will do on the pine worth $12, will it be enough
on pine worth ijGO ? Will the importer be likely
to import the cheaper or the more valuable
qualities? The duty on pine should begraded
nr remain ad vuloron. On pickets and palings
the bill proposes §1 per 1,000 feet, hut pickets ,
and palings in the market spoken of are worth '
from $8 to $25, varying in price according to '
the kind and quality of wood from which they
tiro manufactured. On pine and spruce clap-
boards a duty of d0 per cent, of value is pro-
posed, I las is bettor than tho specific duties
upon the other lumbers as reported in tho bill.
But, sir, the free list touches us. Hemlock
bark and extract of hemlock to be free I Will
they not bear some duty ? It is an immensely
extensive and wonderfully cheap product, as
yet, in tue forests of Maine and of some other
States. Logs and unmanufactured timber to
be free!_ The Dominion of Canada uow has an
export duty of a dollar upon these articles. Is
it better that she should have an export profit
lathei than that we should have an import
duty on the same?
^rIt,waA?rgned by "'e gentleman from New
York, [Mr Brooks,] and the same argument
has been elsewhere advanced, that the Ameri-
can forests have been so severely taxed by
lumbering that there is danger of an exhaus-
tion ; and for such reason it is not advisable to
stimulate, but, on the contrary, better to check
so much tendency for extended operations.
But whose prosperity of business would you
postpone: thatofpartiesengagedinthe Ameri-
can or in tho provincial enterprise? Will you
look after the interests of the provincial lum-
bering community first and the interests of our
lumbering community afterward ? Shall a
business which interests in one way and another
half the population of the State of Maine, fur-
nishing vanousoccupation for our laborers aud
mechanics, enterprise for our merchants, and
freights for our ships, be discouraged by the
Government upon a plea that in these avoca-
tions for the earning of bread and necessaries
of life we may do too much ? Thirty years ago
there was a dread in Maine that our lumber
would soon be exhausted, while there is a pro-
duction now several times larger than then. So
Pcniisylvanians at times, and England, too,
have queried whether their coal-beds were long
to last, but have finally become satisfied that the
earth has a supply which will not be exhausted
for centuries to come. However much may be
said of the disappearance of pine from our
eastern forests no such proposition can be
asserted of the hemlock and spruce, for we
have an exhaustless quantity of these descrip-
tions.
The spruce reproduces itself rapidly, com-
pared with pine. A calculation has probably
been correctly made that if the operator does
not cut annually upon spruce growth more than
8 to 10 per cent, of such as would be fit for
manufacture the growth of the tract will keep
pace with the cutting. Spruce had but little
value before the beneficent invention of the
planing-machine, and now in Maine has almost
as much average value per thousand as the
pine. No country has been so much reduced by
the cutting of lumber for merchandise as by the
devastations made, where lumber had no value,
for the clearing of the soil. So in Maine, so
everywhere. The hemlock is so exhaustless
with us that the logs have hardly value enough
yet to warrant tho taking them in many places
from the stump. So far from cutting hemlock
and spruce too fast, the demand is not yet
stimulus enough for a natural, easy, and eco-
nomical supply.
It is argued by Commissioner Wells that
lumber should be admitted free because an
article ot necessity. But are not iron and coal,
tea and coffee, sugar aud molasses, beef and
pork, and many more articles necessaries as
much? Jf the lumberman pays a duty upon
all the prime necessaries of life which he buys,
shall the only exception in the long list be the
article which he sells ?
It might be asked how we could compete
with provincial lumber, under the treaty, when
it came into our ports free, if a duty would be
serviceable to us now.^ In the first place, as far
as the State of Maine is concerned she has had
more knowledge and experience and invention,
more industry and enterprise in the business of
lumbering, than our rival. They are behind us
m all those qualities which have a power to
make and dcvelope a State. But this cannot
.i tor our lumbering people have not only left
us ill great numbers to try the newer regions of
the West,^ but are fast becoming the practical
pioneers m NewBrunsivick and Canada. We
did suffer badly in the race with the provinces
soon after the treaty of 1856. But the differ-
ence of currency after the war has been a pro-
ection to us, for they had to produce upon a
gold basis and sell for currency. We always
had an advantage in having markets of our
Oiin, selling our lumber at home, while they
nave generally forwarded it to our own differ-
ent ports, if at all, to be sold on commission.
Mr. Chairman, the State of Maine has but
vn 1?i.®r.es's which can be protected by this
biff. While there are hundreds of articles upon
which a tariff is laid we have extremely few
that receive any benefit ia the entire list. We
