1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
The Clerk read as follows:
For miscellaneous items, exclusive of labor,
$30,000.
Mr. COBURN. . I move to strike that out,
and I should like to know from the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations what
these miscellaneous items are? He is so
familiar with the leaks at the other end of the
avenue, I shall like to have from him some
information on this subject.
Mr. DAWES. We always have had esti-
mates and appropriations for these miscella-
neous items. The estimate, including that
for labor, was $40,000; but the committee
have struck out the appropriation for labor
and reduced the estimate to $30,000. There
are a great many miscellaneous things neces-
sarily purchased from time to time in the open
market, which cannot be anticipated, and this
appropriation is for the purpose of small inci-
dental expenses which occur from time to time
in carrying on the Senate; and I will tell the
gentleman from Indiana that the officers of
the Senate have to render an account at the
end of each fiscal year of the objects for which
this money has been expended, and if the
money is expended improperly we have the
right then to find fault.
Mr. COBURN. I contend that thepassingof
general votes of this kind is a vicious species of
legislation. Surely we have been carrying on the
business of legislation here long enough to be
able to arrive at some reasonable estimate of
what should be the amount of these miscellane-
ous expenditures. I suppose, from the explana-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] that this item includes stationery and
articles of that kind purchased for the use of
the Senate. Does the gentleman say that it is
meant to include stationery ?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; there is a specific
appropriation for stationery.
Mr. COBURN. It certainly does not include
fuel, light, or furniture. I should like the com-
mittee to be informed what expenditures it does
embrace.
Mr. DAWES. This appropriation is for
next year, and it is impossible for anybody to
tell what it will embrace next year. The items
are of a general character. There must be a
supply of towels; there must be combs; there
must be soap, and a variety of such things.
Mr. COBURN. I supposed that was the
object, and that it would come out at last.
Now, it strikes me that $30,000 is an enor-
mous sum for soap, towels, and combs.
Mr. DAWES. I did not mean to say that
any considerable amount of it was for those
things. There are investigating committees
appointed occasionally, and the gentleman can
form some idea of what an investigating com-
mittee is, the luxuries it requires, aud how
much it will cost. All that has to come out of
this item.
Mr. COBURN. I will only say further,
that I regard the appropriation under this
head as amounting to a very large sum. It is
just in such matters as this that the expenses
of the other branch of Congress run up enor-
mously. If the members of the committee will
look through the bill they will find all through
it, from beginning to end, these contingent
expenses and miscellaneous items. And I,
for one, am in favor of cutting them down. I
would very much rather supply these matters
by a deficiency bill than vote a miscellaneous
or contingent appropriation in advance. I
think we have been legislating long enough to
know pretty nearly about how much should be
estimated and how much appropriated for
these things. I withdraw my amendment and
move to amend the bill at line sixty-eight, page
4, by striking out the word "thirty" aud
inserting the word " ten so that the clause
willread, "For miscellaneous items, exclusive
of labor, $10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Ihe Clerk read the next section, as follows:
For the usual additional compensation to the re-
porters of the Senate for the Congressional Globe, for
reporting the proceedings of the Senate forthe third
session of the Forty-First Congress, $800 dollars each,
$4,000.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend by striking
out the whole of that provision. I hope before
this Congress expires, or before it adjourns at
the close of this session, that we shall have
abolished the Congressional Globe.
Mr. DAWES. Whatever action may be
taken hereafter with reference to the Con-
gressional Globe, it would be hardly fair in
the mean time to strike out the fee allowed to
the reporters. It will be time enough when
we abolish the Globe to strike out the usual
compensation appropriated to the reporters.
I hesitate not to say that there are no men in
this House who work so hard as the reporters
of the Globe, and they are entitled to this com-
pensation so long as the Globe is continued.
When a measure is introduced to abolish the
Globe I will go heartily for it; but in the
mean time I cannot consent to this appropria-'
tion being struck out of the bill.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations if it
is the fact that the reporters of the Globe get
only $800 a year?
Mr. DAWES. That is the additional com-
pensation which has been annually voted by
Congress for, I believe, the last fifteen years
to the reporters of the Globe.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I wish to make
a further inquiry. Why do the committee not
report the entire pay of the reporters in one
place, so that everybody could understand it ?
Mr. DAWES. The amount that is set down
here is all that the Government pays. The
remainder of their compensation is paid by
the Globe.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Then I wish to
ask if the gentleman intends to legislate in
opposition to the scriptural adage, " No man
can serve two masters." Does he intend the
reporters to serve both their public and their
private employers?
Mr. DAWES. That would be independent
legislation, and would not be in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. When this appropriation
was first made it was under the arrangement
which then existed between Congress and Mr.
John C. Rives. In the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress—a Congress which, if I am not mistaken,
was rather remarkable for generosity toward
the persons employed about the Capitol—this
bounty was given to the reporters of the Globe
in addition to what they were receiving from
their employer, Mr. Rives. Now a new con-
tract has been entered into for the publication
of the Globe; and I would ask the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations whether
he is acquainted with the terms of that contract,
and what provision is made in it for the pay-
ment of the reporters ? If by that contract we
made sufficient provision for the payment of
the reporters, of course this is unnecessary.
Mr. DAWES. I do not understand that any
provision was made in the new contract chang-
ing the relations of the reporters for the Globe
to the House. They stand precisely the same
as before. The contract was made with the
expectation that they would receive, as hereto-
fore, this $800 from Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. On that point I would
be glad to hear from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing, because my vote will be
governed entirely by that.
Mr. LAFLIN. I did not hear the question.
Mr. MAYNARD. The question I propound
to the chairman of the Committee on Printing
is this: whether in the recent contract entered
into with the proprietors of the Globe there is
auy provision made for the payment of the
reporters, as to who is to pay them, and whether
the additional compensation that has been here-
tofore voted was taken into account?
Mr. LAFLIN. I think I heard the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriation state that
there had been no change made by the new
contract in the relations existing between the
reporters and the proprietors of the Globe.
As a matter of fact the new contract gives to
Jihe proprietors of the Globe so much per col-
umn for reporting, so much per page for print-
ing the Congressional Globe and Appendix
and so much for the Daily Globe placed upon
our desks ; so that the new contract in no way
Interferes with the relations that formerly ex-
I isted between the reporters for the Globe and
Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. Now, I want to know
whether that compensation is sufficient to cover
the expenses of reporting and printing. If so,
instead of this being for the gentlemen who
report here, it is really an additional amount
1 paid to the proprietors of the Globe themselves;
it is paying them and not the reporters.
Mr. LAFLIN. I presume that the arrange-
ment made between the reporters and the pro-
prietors of the Globe isaprivate arrangement,
and I do not presume to say that this additional
compensation, which has been usually accorded
to the reporters for so long a time that it has
become a precedent almost equal to law, was
at all taken into the account. I suppose that
the proprietors of the Globe assumed and the
reporters of the Globe assumed in making their
arrangements that the House would deal with
them in the future as they have done in the past.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman misap-
Erehends the point of my inquiry, or at least
as failed to answer it. Ho has stated that
under the present contract so much is paid to
the proprietors of the Globe for reporting.
Mr. LAFLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does that cover what
would be the ordinary expenses of reporting
at the usual rates?
Mr. LAFLIN. I suppose it was intended
to cover those expenses. But at the same time,
as I said before, in the arrangement that was
entered into between the reporters and the pro-
prietors of the Globe, doubtless each took into
consideration what has ordinarily been voted
by the House.
Mr. DAWES. The statements and estimates
submitted to the Senate at the last session, when
the present contract was under consideration,
included this $800 as part of the compensation
of the reporters of the Globe.
Mr. WELKER. Allow me to ask one ques-
tion. If I understand it, the proprietors of the
Globe are paid for making these reports. Now,
I want to know whether, if we make this appro-
priation, we are paying these reporters any-
thing more than the proprietors of the Globe
already contract to pay them ? If it is not
additional compensation to the reporters, we
are simply giving it to the proprietors of the
Globe.
Mr. DAWES. This is additional pay to the
reporters. Unless this is paid to them they
will g'et for their services here only what the
proprietors of the Globe agreed to pay them,
when they supposed and the reporters supposed
they would have this amount voted them.
Mr. WELKER. Then this is additional to
what the Globe pays ?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir; to what the Globe
pays them.
Mr. DAVIS. This "additional compensa-
tion," it will be observed, looks to the future.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the Chair
whatis the condition ofthe pending amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] has not yet spoken
upon his own amendment.
Mr. DAWES. He waived his right to do
so when he permitted other gentlemen to speak
upon it first.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move to amend my
amendment by striking out the last word.
This appropriation looks to the future, to the
fiscal year commencing on the 1st of July
next. It is not, therefore, just to this com-
mittee for the learned chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] to
assert that the present compensation of these
