1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
149
41st Cong-....2©Sess.
Reduction of the Army—Mr. Logan.
Ho. 03? Reps.
because we ar6 trying to muster some one out
of the Armv for -whose services we have no use.
The next proposition of the committee is this:
that the rank of an officer shall not date from
the time of his transfer, but from his appoint-
ment, which they think is right.
The next provision is that tlie offices of
General and Lieutenant General in the Army,
whenever they shall become vacant, shall cease
to exist. Some think that these offices existed
in our Army before the war; but such is not the
case. We never before had the position of
General or Lieutenant General of the Army.
General Washington was not a General. _ It
was provided for when a war was expected with
Prance.
Mr. KELLEY. General Washington held
the position of General.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; I will give the facts.
When we expected war with France Congress
wanted Washington to accept the position of
General; but the storm blew over, and Wash-
ington was never made General.
Mr. BUTLER of Massachusetts. Washing-
ton declined to accept the grade of General
tendered to him by Congress at that time be-
cause of constitutional scruples. ITe thought
the President as Commander-in-Chief should
be the only General of the United States Army.
Mr. LOGAN. That is so ; and so there
never was a General of the Army.
Then, as regards thegrade of Lieutenant Gen-
eral, when was that introduced? In the year
of 1855. The grade of Lieutenant General had
previously existed, but was revived in 185o,
when it was conferred on General Scott by
brevet. But Gener.il Scott never was, in fact,
a Lieutenant General. He was made a brevet
lieutenant general. He was in actual rank
only a major general, and was. so borne upon
■ the Army Jtogistcr. Hence, I say there never
has been a General of the Army except Gen-
erals whom you have made since the war com-
menced in 1801. After the war was over the
people of the United Slates gave a rank and
grade to men in this country which had never
been borne by any living man in this country
before. They are entitled to it. I want them
to keep it. ] do not want, as I said before, to
lake one laurel from them. But I say this,
that the country having shown in this way its
appreciation forcertainmen, whichis all proper
and right, there let the grade stop.
I do not want to turn out General Sherman
or General Sheridan. I contemplate no such
thing. Let them hold their offices until they
resign or die ; and then let the offices cease,
and let no one else be a General or Lieutenant
General. And why? Beeauscl hold that that
is not a proper organization for our Army. So
long as we have the grade of General com-
manding all the armies, so long no one else in
the Army can aspire to it. There is no pro-
motion to that rank except for one man. No
one else can say " I can rise to the same rank
as that to which this man has risen" with any
reasonable expectation. Thus the existence
of that grade cuts off aspirations. I say, then,
let the rank of major general be the highest
and every lieutenant can aspire to it. He may
feel that he has a chance to reach it. And in
the rank of major general let the only distinc
tion bo that of seniority. Lot the others feel
that they have the same rank as held by the
major general who stands first on account of
seniority arising from the date of his commis-
sion. Let him feel that they are equals in every
other respect. The bill farther proposes after
the 1st day of September, 1870, that there
shall be only three major generals. We have
five now, and we propose to reduce the num
ber to three. 1 will state why we propose to
reduce the number. If any one can provide
commands for a General, Lieutenant General,
and five major generais out of thirty-seven
thousand men, I should like to spe him do it
according to our notions of command. There
is no necessity in the world for such a number.
Some of these major generals are commanding
departments to-day in which there are not sol-
diers enough to make a respectable regiment.
I say there is no necessity for the present num-
ber. It is a burden imposed on the tax-payers
of the country for no purpose whatever. There
is no reason for it, no justification for it in
our military organization. And we believe
that if you muster out captains and majors
because you do not need them, you should
muster out major generals too ; and on that
proposition we base this part of our bill.
We propose to make the law in this respect
precisely the same in principle with the laws
that were passed after the war of 1812 and the
Mexican war. In 1815 a law was passed pro-
viding that the President of the United States,
when the war ceased, should retain in office
so many major generals, selecting such as he
deemed proper. The lauguage of our bill is
as follows:
And the President shall, within ten days preced-
ing said date-
That is, the 1st of September, 1870—
select, without regard to seniority, thethreemnjor
generals to remain in commission.
This is substantially identical with the law
under which, after the war of 1812, the major
generais of the regular Army were then mus-
tered out. The next section has reference to
brigadier generals. We provide that after the
1st day of September, 1870, there shall be
only six brigadier generals.
We provide that the President shall muster
out, without regard to seniority, all brigadier
generals save six, making two of the line that
he would have to muster out. Six brigadier
generals are enough, and if you were at war
to-day with an army of thirty-seven thousand
men you would not want more than that num-
ber ; in peace there is no use whatever for
them. The artillery, as everybody knows who
knows anything of military affairs, is in time
of war divided—one or two or throe batteries
to this brigade, and other batteries to that
brigade. 11 is scattered all through the Army,
and you need no brigadier general to command
the artillery in time of war, because there is no
necessity for such a thing as a brigade of artil-
lery. You may brigade it for the purpose of
giving an officer that command, and call it a
brigade, but there is no service for it, and no
use for it in that way.
The next proposition is this: instead of
having a brigadier general for Judge Advocate
General, anil eight other officers, colonels and
so on, we propose to make the Judge Advocate
of the Army a colonel, allowing the incumbent
to remain in the office with that rank if ho
wants to. We propose to make the Quarter-
master General a colonel, the Commissary Gen-
erala colonel, theCliief of Engineers a colonel,
and the Adjutant General a colonel. We pro-
pose, in other words, to reduce the rank of
the lieads of the staff to that of colonel of the
Army. We have rank here that no one ever
thought of until the war was over and a law
was passed for the purpose of giving it to indi-
viduals. We think that eight brigadier generals
on the staff are rather too many, and we pro-
pose to reduce them to colonels; and when wo
reduce the rank in that manner we have an
army with a sufficient rank of command, a suf-
ficient staff, and sufficient rank in every re-
spect that the Army should have according to
its uresent proportions.
Then, as the next proposition, we provide
that the law allowing but seven per cent, of
the number of officers in the Army to bo re-
tired shall be repealed, ar.d that the President
may increase the retired list to two hundred and
fifty. We do that for the purpose of allowing
the President to place the wounded officers
who are now in the Armv—and thee are but
few of them—upon the retired list. We do not
propose that they shall be mustered out, and
lience we provide that the retired list may be
increased to two hundred and fifty, to make
places for them.
Our next proposition is to strike off brevet
rank entirely. I desiro the attention of the
House to what I shall say in reference to this
part of the bill. The reason why we propose
that it shall no longer exist is this: we can-
not find any lieutenants nowadays. If a man
is colonel of a regiment, when he turns out to
look at the officers under him, if he is merely
a colonel without brevet, he will find a second
lieutenant with a brevet major general's slionl-
der-straps ou his shoulders, and the colonel
has to call the lieutenant "general," while the
lieutenant calls him "colonel." IIow long is
it since you saw the shoulder-straps of a second
lieutenant on anybody's shoulders? Along
while, I guess, unless it was upon some man
who has justcomeoutofthe Military Academy.
How long is it since you saw a major's shoul-
der-straps with the leaf at each end, or the
colonel's with the eagle? You see nothing but
the shoulder-straps of majorgenerals and briga-
dier generals.
Let me give you an illustration of this beau-
tiful condition. One regiment in the service
to-day has a captain commanding a company
who has been promoted from the ranks. Under
him he has a first lieutenant who is a brevet
major general. The captain has no brevet at
all, so he has to call the lieutenant "general"
and the general calls him "captain." Such
is the condition of things in our Army to-day.
If you go out hero and see a regiment drawn
up in line there is not a man who has ever been in
the military servicebnt what would be disgusted
in looking at it. You do not see a lieutenant's
uniform in the whole line, but you see a gen-
tleman standing behind the company with a
major general's uniform on. You ask who he
is, and you are told lie is a lieutenant.
It is said that these brevets have been given
for meritorious conduct. I admit it. Every-
body was breveted during the war, as you will
recollect, and that everybody ought to have
been breveted ; very few, however, lower down
than major generals. There were more brevets
as generals than anything else ; hundreds of
them all over tlie country. Now, those officers
have their brevets; they have their commis-
sions. Let them keep the record. Nobody
objects to that; but let them put on the uni-
form of their rank in the line to which they are
entitled by actual rank. That always ought to
have been the rule. Let it be the rule now.
Now is tlie time for the Congress of the United
States to regulate the Army as it should be. If
there is a man in this House who ever saw a
regiment drawn up in line he knows that it
looks better, is better, and is more efficient if
the colonel has a colonel's uniform on; the
lieutenant colonel with a lieutenant colonel's
uniform on; the major, or the two majors, if
there are two majors, with majors' uniforms on;
the captains with their straps having two bars
at each end; the first lieutenants with straps
having one liar on each end, and the second
lieutenants with straps without bars. This
shows where each officer belongs, and you can
tell in a moment, if you are a military man,
where the position is of each officer in the regi-
ment, company, or battery.
But let any man in this House go out to-day
and see any regiment in the service drawn up
in line, and, unless he sees it ou parade, if he
can tell where each man and officer belongs
I will admit that I know nothing at all about
military affairs. Now, we propose to so regu-
late this matter that each officer can be at once
told to what place he belongs by any one
acquainted with military matters. These offi-
cers have their brevets, and it is not proposed
to take from them their brevet commissions.
