1870.
THE CONCrKESSIQNAL GLOBE.
3051
terms of the circuit court in the district of
West Virginia, reported it with amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. lam instructed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom were re-
ferred certain papers relating to the claim of
Dr. John Templeton for services as surgeon
in the tenth Tennessee cavalry, and for losses
sustained bj him during the war, 10 report them
back, and ask to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration. They do not relate to the
subject of pensions at all. 1 imagine they
should go to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE. Oh, no; do notsend them back
to the Committee on Claims. I think that that
committee has once or twice acted on this
ease.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Pensions will be discharged from the further
consideration of the papers, and they will lie
on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 829) in relation to fraudulent trade-
marks upon foreign watches, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am also
directed by the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 891) for the relief
of Charles E. Dole, to report it with an amend-
ment, and as the amendment merely changes
the title I ask to have the bill considered now.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. FERRY. No;
let it go on the Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
823) for the relief of Macoudray&Co.,Dupuy,
Foulkes & Co., Thomas S. & F. S. Hathaway,
Pioche, Bayergne & Co., Fox & O'Connor,
P. Maury, jr., Dickson, De Wolf & Co., and
Compton & Davidson, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which waa agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
Retrenchment, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 902) limiting the appointment of
certain officers in the Treasury Department,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
790) for the relief of John Tyler, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom Was referred the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 173) to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to collect wrecked and aban-
doned property, derelict claims, and dues
belonging to the United States, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
George Henry Preble, snbmitted a report ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 850) for the relief
of Captain George Henry Preble, of the Navy
of the United States. The bill was read and
passed to the second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 572) to amend an act
incorporating the National Junction Railway
Company, reported it without amendment.
_ Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Sophia Holmes, widow of Malachi Holmes,
praying to be allowed a pension, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw her
petition and papers; which was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the petition of
Eben N. Horsford, praying an extension of
letters-patent issued to him on the 10th day
of October, 1854, for certain compounds for
neutralizing chlorine, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
STENOGRAPHS!* FOK DISTRICT SU PRE MB COURT.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe that I have been
in my sent every day of the session of Con-
?ress from its commencement until now, and
believe I have been absent no consecutive
hour of the session in anyone day ; and I now
wish to ask a little reward of merit. A few
days since a bill reported by the Committee on
the District of Columbia came up for action,
authorizing the supreme court of this District
to appoint a stenographer. I think there was
no objection to the bill save that certain Sen-
ators thought there ought to be a provision
imposing certain fees from which to pay that
stenographer, and the bill was recommitted.
I think there was no other objection urged to
it. I have prepared, and the committee have
now authorized me to report back the bill with
that amendment to pay the stenographer from
fees imposed, to wit, two dollars upon each
case; and as I desire to be absent to-morrow
with my family I ask the Senate to consider the
bill at this time.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to the
bill, but it seems to me wrong that we should
encourage the breaking up of good habits.
Everybody begins his bad habits at some par-
ticular time, after having been good. Now,
' I am afraid if we let the Senator from Maine
go off after having so long continued here
without ever absenting himself he may want
to go away next week again. [Laughter.] I
will make no objection.
By unanimous consent, the biR (S. No. 481)
to provide for the appointment of a stenog-
rapher to the supreme court of the District of
Columbia was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The amendment was to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause and to insert:
That the justices of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall have authority to appoint a
stenographer at a salary of $2,500 per annum, pay-
able quarterly by the clerk of said court, out of the
fund and in the manner hereinafter provided for,
who shall be a sworn officer of the court, and whose
duty it shall be to make reports as the court shall
direct of the proceedings and evidence in the cases
before said court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That in all actions
or suits commenced or entered in said sapreme court,
by declaration, bill, or otherwise, the party or par-
ties commencing or entering thesame shall,in addi-
tion to the fee or fees already prescribed, pay to the
clerk of said court, at or before the commencement
of such action or entering of such suit, the sum of
two dollars in each and every action or suit so com-
menced or entered; and that said sum of two dollars,
in rach and every case aforesaid, shall b« applied by
said clerk to the payment of the salary of said sten-
ographer, as hereinbefore provided; and in case the
fund thus created for the payment of the salary of
said stenographer shall be inadequate for that pur-
pose, the clerk of said court is hereby authorized and
directed to charge and collect two dollars in each
suit in which the United States shall be a party, in
addition to the fees now allowed by taw, which shall
be paid to said stenographer; but he is not to receive
more than $2,500. And the said fees authorized in
this act shall be charged in the accounts of said clerk
and allowed in the adjustment of said accounts in
accordance with the provisions of an act entitled
"An act to provide the modes of settling the accounts
of the clerk of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia," approved July 25, 1806.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 851) granting a pension to Olive Coombs;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 852) for the sale of certain lands in the
States of California and Oregon and Washing-
ton Territory; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 853)
to restore Benicia, in the State of California,
as a port of entry ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
aud ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
854) to incorporate the National Academy ot*
Letters and Arts: which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. ROBERTSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 855) to relieve all persons engaged
in rebellion from the disability imposed bv
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution,
with certain exceptions; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
856) granting lands to the Memphis and New
Orleans Levee Railroad Company; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FENTON. I have been requested by
a gentleman well known to me to ask leave
to introduce a bill of which no previous notice
has been given. I have not examined it, and
do not know that it has my approval; but I
am assured that it asks no lands, no money,
no bonds, and that it is well prepared to carry
out the object which it declares. I ask that it
may be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and printed.
There being no objection, leave was given to
introduce a biil (S. No. 857) to incorporate the
Washington Transatlantic Telegraph Company,
and ta facilitate telegraphic communication
between America and Europe; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 858) to make uniform the pensions of
widows of staff officers of the Navy; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 859) revising the laws relative to the mints,
assay offices, ana coinage of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury to the Finance
Committee, and also a report by John J.
Knox in regard to the bill just introduced; and
I move that they be printed with the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also move that five
hundred extra copies be printed for the use of
the Department.
The motion was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. POMEROY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (S.
No. 770) to incorporate the El Paso Railroad
Company; which was ordered to be printed.
PERSONAL HXPLANATION SUTRO TUNNEL.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to a question of
privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada states that he rises to a question
of privilege. He will state it.
Mr. STEWART. I find in the Globe of the
24th of March a speech of Mr. Febriss, in the
House of Representatives, in which, speaking
of the bill to repeal a clause in the act grant-
ing certain rights to Sutro, he says:
"I shall, before closing my argument, refer to the
