1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4939
The letter of the Commissioner explains the nature
of tue indebtedness, and is accompanied by copies
of papers and list of the vouchers remaining unpaid.
The attention of Congress id respectfully invited to
the subject, with the recommendation that an appro-
priation of $G3,203 05 be made to pay the outstanding
indebtedness,
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
^ ^ J. D. COX. Secretary.
Hon. James G. Blaine.
Speaker oj the l!ou$e of Jicprcscntal ivex.
Di-.paiitmknt of tiik Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
"Washington, i>. C., February 1870.
Sir : I have the honor to stale thut vouchers have
been presented to and are now in this office to the
amount ot 603,203 05, certified by bite Agent Wilkin-
son in favor of various persons for services tendered
and supplies furnished for and on account of the In-
dian service at tiie Fort Berthold agency, Dakota
Territory.
These vouchors, with two exceptions, are for sot-
viccs rendered and supplies iurnished prior to the
Kt of July, 1860. Others of a like character, issued
by the lace agent subsequently u> that date, have
been presented to this office and paid out of the
present year's appropriation for the Indians of said
agency. In paying those last referred to, said ap-
propriation was reduced to such an extent that there
is at present only a sufficient amount of money on
hand to carry on the agency to the end of the current
fiscal year; and it is therefore impossible for this
office to pay any portron of the unpaid % ouohers.
Many of these vouchers are for services rendered
as employes at said agency. They have been exam-
ined and approved by Hon. John A. Burbank, Gov-
ernor and ex officio superintendent of lud'an a flans
for Dakota, and payment thereof has been recom-
mended by him. I have no doubt that the services
were actually rendered as stated: andfioeu fho&tato-
ment of the late agent, and ihobestinibrmation up-m
the subject that this office can obtain, 1 am also sat-
isfied that the supplies named in the other vouchers
were furnished in ?ood faith, and that they were
necessary for tho good of the s-orvice.
I herewith inclose a. list of the unpaid vouchers
issued by late Agent "Wilkinson, showing the names
of the persons who rendered seivices and furnished
supplies, and on "what amount each voucher was
issued, and the amount thereof, together with copies
of certain papers relative to the matter, and respect-
fully recommendthat tho game be submitted to Con-
gress for its action, and with the view of having ilio
necessary funds appropriated to pay oil tnis outstand-
ing indebtedness.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
L. 8.PAKKER,
Couiniisbiontr.
Mr. MAYNARD. Iiiavesuggestedanamend-
ment to my friend from Iowa, [Jlr. McCkary,]
which he accepts. I propose to modify his
amendment by striking out the woids '■ per list
of vouchers accompanying letter of Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, of February 9, 1870,"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words " lec-
ommended by the Secretary of the Interior,
in a communication to the Speaker of the House
of Representatives, dated February 10, 1870."
Mr. McCRAllY. I accept that modifica-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
to further modify his amendment by adding to
it the words 1:or so much thereof as shall be
found by the Secretary of the Interior, upon
examination, to be justly due."
The amendment, as modified, v.as then
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To reimburse E. M. Sargent money expended by
him in carrying out a contract with the Post Oltk'fi
Department for mail service from Lowell, Massa-
chusetts, to adjacent points, $2,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTfl. Is this a liquidated
debt?
Mr. DAWES. This claim was put in charge
of the gentleman from New York, Mr. [Ivel-
sey. ]
Mr. KELSEY. 'The petition of Mr. Sar-
gent was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and the examination of the claim
was assigned to rae,as:i sub committee. The
cin.im amounted to nearly six thousand dollars,
and arose in this way 
Mr. MYBKS. I rise to a point of oider.
i'ne CH.UliMAN.
state it,
Mr. MYEU3. My
tins paragraph is not
"'"'he CHAIRMAN.
this bill were waived
ported.
The
point v
auihorii
8e
ntleman will
order is that
ed bv ex if:
All points of order on
when the bill was re-
Mr. MYERS. At the same time they were
waived I offered my amendment in the hearing
ofthe House, and the chairman ofthe Commit-
tee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] agreed that
it should be offered. But when I offered it
the Chairman of the Committee of the Whole
ruled it out of order. And unless the Chair-
man was mistaken in that ruling, I think this
is also out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] isentitledto the floor, and
will proceed.
Mr. KELSEY". This claim arose in this way:
H seems that there was a combination among
ihe railroads terminating at or near Lowell,
Massachusetts, to raise the price for transport-
ing the mails. The Post Office Department
refused to accede to their demands, and made a
contract with Mr. Sargent to carry the mail by
stages on some three different routes, the long-
est of which was about sixteen miles in length.
Alter a few months the railroads acceded to
the terms proposed by the Department, and
the contract with Mr. Sargent was annulled.
He now claims that lie was entitled to be reim-
bursed the amount which he actually lost in the
purchase of horses and carriages to stock the
routes, and also the amount of the profits he
would have made had his contract been carried
out. The Committee on Appropriations pionose
to allow him only the amount he actually lost in
the purchase anil sale of hordes and cairmges
to do this work for the Department. By mak-
ing this contiact and carrying it nut in the very
eiiisient manner m which Mr. Sargent per-
formed it the Department was enabled to bieak
up this monopoly or combination among the
lailroads and to bring them to accept proper
teims for carrying the tnaiis. The question
now is whether this man shall be repaid the
amount of money which he actually loot, with-
out a, cent of piofit to tiini, or whether he shall
lose the whole of it?
Mi. FARNSWORTII. What [ want to
know is whether this is a debt which has been
liquidated and determined?
Air. KELSEY. No, sir; I do not so under-
stand it. I understand that this item and one
other in the bill are properly claims. They
were referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and I have stated what that committee
has done with them. It is now for this Com-
mittee of the Whole to say whether it will pro-
vide for the payment of this money which Mr.
Sargent actually lost in performing his contract
with the Department or whether he shall lose
that amount.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I wish to ask the
gentleman whether there is a report accom-
panying this bill, as the result of the examin-
ation had in this case ?
Mr. KELSEY. No, sir.
Mr. FARNSWOR11I. Is there even aletlcr
from the Postmaster General recommending
the payment of this claim ?
Mr. KELSEY. Yes, sir: if I recollect aright,
there was such a letter.
Mr. FAIiNSWOlt HI. That is very strange.
This is precisely similar to other claims which
have been rejected.
Mr. O'NEILL. I would like to know from
the gentleman from New York [Mr. KiCLSi:Y]
whether the chairman of the Committee ot
Claims has ever been consulted in regard to
these claims which have been passed upon
to-day 
Mr. KELSEY". So far as 1 know he has not.
Mr. O'NEILL. Or whether any of these
claims have ever been before that committee,
and why that chairman and that committee are
not here to-d:>y protesting against, this action
recommended by the Committee on Appro-
priations. This'is a very remarkable proceed-
nig to me.
Mr IHiTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I happened to know some things in refer-
ence to tins claim which f think may be in-
siructivo to the House. 1 have the papers
here, and I speak "by the card." This claim
was introduced and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post lloads in the last
Congress. By that committee it was examined
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions for its action. Having been referred for
action to the Committee on Appropriations
by the Committee on tho Post Oliice and
Post Iioads7 the former committee acted upon
it; and here is the result of their action.
When the claim was referred by the Commit-
tee on the Post Offices and Post lloads to tbft
Committee on Appropriations the amount of
the claim was about eight thousand three huu
dred dollars. The Committee on Appropria-
tions found that under tho contract there was
actually due $2,000; and they have reported in
favor of 1 he payment of this amount.
Now, although, as appears by the record
which I have here, this case was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations by the Com-
mittee on tho Post Oilice and Post Roads, the
member from Illinois [Mr. Karnsworth] made
>esterday a speech, a portion of which i abk
tho Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Why are all these claims put in this bill, unliqui-
dated claims, claims in (ho nature ot damage*,
not under contracts at all? Here is one which bus
been before tho Post Odi^e Committer which we
found to be unauthoi lzed, and in favor of which wo
could not report. I am told that the same case was
belore the Committee on Appropriations of the last
Congress, and they excluded it Iroin tho appropria-
tion bills of last yen*. .Out although unsacces^tui
heretofore, he goes to tho Appropriation Committee
of this Congress and gets ins claim pur. in tiiio biii."
"Now, this cly-ni of Sargent's arose in this way,
for it was before my committee during tho last Con-
gress ; he took a contract to curry tho mail when the
railroad refused to carry it, and he got ready and
carricd it tor a short timo. The usual contract w.ts
made betweon him and tho Department, that when-
ever they could get tho mail carried cheaper they
micjht do so. The railroad came to terms finally,
and they "were employed to carry the mail. Sujgccit
comes and claims that in order to carry out his cou-
tract he bought, more horses than he would otherwise
have done, and that he was damaged to the amount
of $2,U00. Tnat is the character of 'liquidated
claims ' that cannot be paid, bc-cuuse there is uo ai>-
promiation, and which are slipped hi in an appio-
priatiou bill 1 J uininchncd to tlnnk my it lend, like
Joe Ba&stoek, is 'sly, devilish sly.'''
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, sir,
although the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Oilice and Post Roads says that this item
was '•slipped'' into the appropriation bill, that
the chairman of the committee [Mr. Daiyes]
was "'sly'' in introducing it, yet I hold in my
hand the record showing that the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads recom-
mended that the claim be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations ; and it was re/erred
by the House in accordance with that recom-
mendation. In this way the Committee oil
Appropriations obtained jurisdiction of the
claim ; and it, is a just, honest claim of a man
wiio saved tho Department very many dollars.
Mr. FARNSWOUTlJ. Mr. Chairman, tho
history of this claim I will briefly state. It is
a claim for damages, 1 ot a claim for carry-
ing the mails. This man has received every
cent due to him for carrying the mails under
his contract. During the last Congress the
member from the Essex district of Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] introduced this claim
and referred it to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post lloads as a claim. Tuatcom-
mittee reterred it to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Jouxsox,] then a member ofthe
committee, to investigate it; for it is the cus-
tom of the committee to refer private claims
to individual members of the committee for
investigation. The gentleman from California,
after making an investigation, reported it to
the committee, and we concluded that it vr.i 
such a claim as we could not possible ju.-.tily
ourselves in reporting upon favorably. Then
some gentleman suggested that as the member
who had introduced it and had it reterred to
our committee was a member of the Comtnit-
tee on Appropriations it should be sent to that
committee, saying, If he can get it through
