1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
place for a friend had him appointed as a special
policeman, at $1,000 a year, and that after-
ward was enacted into a law. We know that
members, failing to get places for their friends
elsewhere, go as a dernier resort to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the House or the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the Senate and insist upon crowd-
ing them upon the Capitol police. I am not
at all surprised, therefore, tnat the members
of the Capitol police should be around here
urging the increase which has been proposed;
bat I feel sure that kindness of heart on the
part of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
not the justice of the case, has prompted him
to move the pending amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the amendment by striking ont the last
word.
Mr. Chairman, the Committee on Appro-
priations last year desired to save this amount
of money, and they proposed that a portion of
the Army of the United States, kept here neces-
sarily as a garrison for Washington, should be
used for that purpose. The committee so re-
ported; but the House,having a wholesome feat
of the soldiers apparently, refused to sanction
what the committee proposed. It would not
have cost a dollar more than the same soldiers
cost elsewhere. It did until the war was at an
end, but the House decided after the war was
over they did not want soldiers as such to guard
the Capitol. Now, sir, who are these Caj>itol
police ? They are almost without an exception,
so far as I know, disabled soldiers of the war.
They are officers who served gallantly, and
who are more or less disabled; and for one I
do not grudge them the $1,500 which they get.
But my colleague says that they serve in-
doors. Now, I think that a man's life would
be more prolonged who served out-doors than
that of the man who served in-doors in this illy
ventilated and unwholesome building.
Bat it will not do to say that these officers
get more than others, for you have men upon
the horse-care which take us to and from the
Capitol every day who work sixteen hours at
two dollars a day. Therefore, it will not do
to say beeause these men are underpaid the
inen on the Capitol police are overpaid. These
men on theCapitol police have to be uniformed
during the whole day and night in order to be
proper guards of this Capitol.
My friend, the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, takes us back to the time
before this Capitol was extended to its present
proportions, to the time when we only had the
center building to guard and protect. What
was that building compared with the building
which we have now to guard and keep safe ?
Nor do I see, when we give the merest clerk
in any of the Departments a salary of $1,200
a year, why we should reduce the pay of these
men upon the Capitol police from what they
now receive down to $1,000, when they have
to supply their own uniforms, and not only to
watch during the day but to watch during the
night.
The number, I am told, is only sufficient to
give three reliefs in the course of the day and
the night, and these men are on duty every day.
If the numberis too large reduce it. I think,
however, that even if these men were not doing
much they have done enough in the past to
entitle them to the favorable consideration of
the House. And I for one am not afraid or
ashamed to record my vote; and not only that,
but to lift my voice against this economy, so
called, which would not permit us to run a
great Government respectably. Why, sir, we
might by removing these desks and chairs and
selling them at auction, and using instead of
them pine-board benches and deoks, and by
taking down the Speaker's marble desk and
putting a plain desk made of boards in its ;
P|^ce—we might in this way save a consider- !
able sum of money; but I do not believe the j
PGa? j wou^ thank us for such economy. :
tu n et m-e Ba^ to friend j the chairman j
of the Committee on Appropriations, that there I
require to be more police about the Capitol
now than were required in time of war. We
had then fifty thousand men around the city,
ready to guard us, the best-organized force
ever known on the earth, being part of the
Army of the United States. But now all that
we have to meet the exigencies of the case,
when great crowds are assembled, as at inaugu-
rations and other occasions of ceremonial, all
we have to protect this Capitol and all in it
is the force of policemen and watchmen.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Appro-
priations investigated this matter in regard to
which my colleague is so tender-hearted, and
they had no more desire than he has to dis-
charge these disabled soldiers. Though you
reduce the force from forty-five to thirty you
will still have places for every disabled soldier
on the roll, and more too. But I accept the
decision of the last House that they did not
wish to have an army of guards standing aronnd
the doors of this Capitol, or that members
should march in and out between files of sol-
diers. They prefer to have citizens as their
watchmen, if any, and for that reason, if there
are soldiers to spare who are not on duty, let
us discharge them honorably, pay them up,
and send them to their homes. So, if we have
any parties that we do not need as watchmen,
let us discharge them honorably, pay them, and
send them to their homes. But do not let us
expend for this purpose $20,000 more every
year than was needeu in 1867 because some of
our friends are upon that force. The country
knows that every force of this kind is stuffed
full of unnecessary and idle men. This is the
case in every Department and every bureau in
this city, and unless we are willing that our
friends so employed, whose services are not re-
quired, should be honorably discharged, should
receive their pay up to this time, and go to their
homes and earn there a livelihood, we had
better not talk about relieving the people of
the burdens now resting upon them.
The expense of this force has risen from
$50,000 to $70,000 since 1867; and no good
reason can be given for the increase, except
that there are men upon that force whom we
do not want to parteompany with. Personally
I share in that feeling, for I have as many
friends in that force as anybody, except, it may
be, my colleague, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. NEGLEY. I wish to say that I do not
know the name of a siDgle man upon the force;
and there is not on it a single individual who
has been recommended by me or who comes
from my district. My sole reason for making
an appeal on behalf of these men is beeause
they have rendered faithful service to their
country, and because those who know them
best and the duties they have to discharge think
they should have an increased compensation.
But at any rate, even if you reduce the num-
ber, in Heaven's name do not reduce the pay
of those who are retained. When you com-
pare the necessities of this Capitol and of
guarding this Capitol now to the necessities of
1867 it is turning back the hand of progress.
Mr. DAWES. Can the gentleman point to
anything that has occurred since 1867 that
requires an additional force of one man?
Mr. NEGLEY. I say it is turning back the
hand of progress upon the dial-plate of time.
Mr. DAWES. How many watchmen do you
want for that? [Laughter.]
Mr. NEGLEY. We do not want the pay of
the watchmen reduced so that it will be inad-
equate to their necessities and the education
ot their families.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment to the amendment, and
move to add to the amendment the words,
" provided that no disabled soldier now upon
the force shall be dischargedor I will say
" no soldier."
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will let his
amendment stand as he stated it originally-,
"no disabled soldier," I will not say a word
against it.
Mr. NEGLEY. I accept the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler.] '
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the word " disabled'' before
" soldier."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Negley's
amendment as amended.
Mr. DAWES. I presume the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley] accepted
the amendment of my colleague [Mr. Butler]
in lieu of his own ?
Mr. NEGLEY. No, sir; as an addition
to it.
Mr. DAWES. What need can there be of
the amendment of my colleague, which he has
accepted, if the force is to be kept full as at
present?
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is not
in order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. I
am disposed to go with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] as far as is con-
sistent with the public service, in cutting down
the expenses of this Government in all its De-
partments. If the proposition were to strike
out this Capitol police force entirely I cer-
tainly would go with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts ; but if we are to keep up a police
about this building at all it seems to me that
we need at least ten men on duty at a time to
guard it. This is a very large building, and
there is an immense amount of public property
here to be looked after. I suppose one of the
duties of this police force is to look to the pub-
lic property that is situated within the building
ana to preserve the peace here. The police
force at present on duty consists of only ten
men at a time and four watchmen. That, it
seems to me, is as small a force as we can
possibly consent to, if we are to keep it up
at all.
In addition to that, it is well known that the
police force on duty here act as pilots for the
thousands of visitors that visit the Capitol.
When visitors seek direction to the various
rooms and localities about the Capitol these
men are the individuals called on, and they
discharge that duty. In many instances visit-
ors to the Capitol would be embarrassed but
for the information they get from these police-
men. They see gentlemen here on duty and
in uniform and apply to them for information.
Now, then, as I said before, if we are to keep
up this force at all, I cannot see how we can
keep up a less force than is provided for in the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Negley,] which I understand is
the present force.
Mr. LAWRENCE. How did we do in war
times?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has answered that
question. We had an immense army here.
Mr. LAWRENCE. How was it in 1867?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understood the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to say that we had
the force in 1867 that is provided for in this
amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. No, sir.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentleman
that up to 1867 it cost but $50,976 to watch
the Capitol, and it costs now $71,748.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is certainly not the
amendment read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. DAWES. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Negley] will involve exactly that expenditure,
and the proviso which he has accepted is that
no disabled soldier shall be discharged from
that, force. ,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe that another
duty which this police discharges—and I believe
there is a detachment of it upon that au y
