8052
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
contract and show how unfounded is the posit ion of
those gentlemen who propose here to repeal the ■ Mr J
sectiou of this Sutro tunnel act. I say that Mr. P . >
has not violated nny of tho fundamental conditions
of the contract. If he had done so, if time were of
the essence of the contract, a sufficient answer upon
that point has already been given upon this floor.
It lias been satisfactorily shown why he did not
conform to the provisions of the contraot whioh re-
quired him to procurc subscriptions to the amount
of S.;.000.000 by the 1st of August, with $300,000 paid
in to oommenee the work. The very men who pro-
cured the extension of that contraot, long before the
time had expired, exerted themselves to defeat its
execution by Mr. Sutro. The telegram whioh has
been read here, directed to lion. William AI. Stkw-
akt and lion, James W.Nyk. demonstrates the good
faith with which these men act and their assurance,
and charging that Mr. Sutro did not fulfill the con-
tract in neoordanee with its terms and ought not to
have the benefit of it.
"Now, I do not know but I would be justified in
calling attention to the fact that some men who have
the privileges of this floor are presenting themselves
under most unbecoming circumstances, endeavoring
to induce this body to undo what they induced it to
do four years ago. I think I am not violating tho
proprieties of this House in calling attention to that
fact. 1 do not suppose that any man on this floor is
verdant enough to believe that the men who wero
instrumental in framing that act did not understand
its provisions. The idea that this man Sutro. who is
no lawyer, perpetrated a fraud, in the framing of the
act. upon members of this House, lawyers of distin-
guished ability and legal acumen, is so absurd that
it can. I think, meet with no favor in the opinion of
this body."
Mr. POMEROY. I make the point that
replying to a speech made in the House of
Representatives is not a question of privilege
in this body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not yet understand what the question of privi-
lege raised by the Senator from Nevada is.
Mr. STEWART. The question of privilege
is that a member of the House made remarks
reflecting upon a member of the Senate—that
he acted in bad faith in his course on this .
subject, and was guilty of unbecoming con-
duct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Novada that if he
desires to discuss that question his remarks
will be in the nature of a personal explanation.
If he desires to introduce a resolution that the
privileges of the Senate have been infringed,
that is a question of privilege.
Mr. STEWART. I simply wish to discuss
the question of that charge against me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is discus-
sion without some action it is not a question
of privilege.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the point I wanted
the Chair to deci4e, whether this was a ques-
tion of privilege or not.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to state what the
facts are in connection with that transaction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Th&Benator from
Nevada asks unanimous consent to make aper-
sonal explanation in regard to a statement
made in the House of Representatives.
Mr. POMEROY. A persona I explanation
is one thing, and a question of privilege is
another.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the Senator from Nevada making a personal
explanation in regard to the statement just
read by him from the Globe? The Chair hears
none; and the Senator from Nevada will pro-
ceed.
Mr. STEWART. I think it is due that J
should make a statement s'o that it may be
understood what this great Sutro tunnel is,
how it came into existence, v?hat it is for, and
all about it. I shall state it in 4 very few words.
About the year 1864 there was a large amount
of water near the surface in the Comstock lode,
and there were various projects for draining
this water and working the mines. It was
thought when they got down deeper the water
would not continue. Mr. Sutro proposed the
tunnel project. He called on me and desired
me to assist him in the project by giving him
the use of my name to act as president of the
company. Desiring to encourage him in any-
thing he might undertake in that line, and think-
ing the tunnel would perhaps be useful—and I
think if it had been prosecuted it would have
been a useful work, though subsequent devel-
opments have shown that it was not as neces-
sary as we then supposed it was—I consented
to become the president of the company. After
I was elected to the Senate Mr. Sutro desired
legislation by Congress giving him the right of
way and certain privileges in connection with
the construction of the tunnel. I told Mr. Sutro
that whatever the owners of the mines desired
to be done I would try to carry out; that I
wished to carry out the wishes of those who
owned the property, and I advised him to con-
sult them. He did so, and a contract was the
result, in which he undertook to do certain
things. The first article of that contract was in
these words:
"Article 1. The parties of tho first part, in con-
sideration of the premises, and in consideration of
the covenants and agreements hereinafter mentioned
to be kept and performed by the party of tho second
part, covenantand agree to and with the party of the
second part, that the parties of tho first part will, on
or before the 1st day of August, 1867, oommepco and
with reasonable energy and vigor, and at their own
expense, run. excavate, and complete the tunnel and
lateral drifts hereinafter mentioned, and put the
same in condition foruse, in accordance with the pro-
visions of tho said act of the Legislature of the State
of Nevada, and with the oovenants in this agreement
contained, for the purpose of draining the mines on
the 9aid Couistoak lode, and furnishing other con-
veniences for working tho same,"
Again, it was provided:
"Art. 3. The parties of the first part eovpnant
and agree that the work shall be commenced at the
time specified, by running the tunnel from the foot
hills of Carson valley; and also by simultaneously
sinking at least three shafts of sufiioient capacity on
the line of the tunnel; and when the shafts have
reached the depths required for the level qf the tun-
nel, then to drift in both directions from the bottom
of each shaft so th t there shall be at least seven
places of excavation going on from the time that all
of the shafts shall reach the requisite level, all the
time until the tnnnel is completed, unless connec-
tions between some of the shafts are sooner made;
and the said work at all times shall be prosecuted
continuously and without any interruption, except
from unavoidable accident, until tho completion of
! the tunnel and of tho works which, under thisagree-
ment, are to be considered as drhinihg the mine of
i the party of the second part; and in case of any such
I interruption occurring, the cause thereof shall be
| removed or remedied and the work resumed without
delay." * *******
" And the parties of the first part covenantand
agree that on or before the said 1st day of August,
1867, there shall have been subscribed in good faith,
and by apparently responsible persons, at least the '
j sum of $3,000,000 for the purpose of oarrying on and
I completing the said tunnel and the lateral drifts
hereinafter mentioned; that of said sum at least ten
Ser cent, shall have been aotually paid in cash; that
uring the first year in which the work shall be
[ prosecuted, commencing on said 1st day of August,
1867, there shall be expended upon or on account
of tjie work not less than the sum of $400,000, and
! during each succeeding year thereafter, until the
work shall be oompleted so as to drain the mine of
the party of the second part within the meaning of
this agreement, not less than the sum of $200,000.''
Article four provides: i
"If the workshall not be commenced on or before
the said day, and with sai4 sum of $3,000,000 sub-
scribed and ten per cent, thereof actually paid in
cash, as hereinbefore provided, or if, after so com-
mencing, the parties of thefirstpartshall during any
year fail to expend on aeeount of the work the sum
of money hereinbefore agreed to be expended dur-
ing such year, this agreement shall, at the option of ,
the party of the second part, cease and determine, j
and thereafter be of no effect."
After this agreement was made Mr. Sutrq
came to Washington and desired to have ah ,
act passed giving him the right of way, a place j
for his dumping pile, &c., so that he might '
induce capitalists to invest in hit enterprise. :
I followed it out, and did as I had told nim I
would. I had told him I would assist him to
the extent of my ability in accordance with
the wishes of the miners. On the 25th of July,
1866, an act was passed at my instance grant-
| ing him the right of way and certain privileges.
R In the third section of that act there is a pro-
vision which has been very unfairly construed
by Mr. Sutro. In drafting the bill, the pat-
ents not having been at that tijne issued for
the mine, the question arose whether or not
the successors of these companies would be
bound by the contracts they.had made. 11 was
important, if he was to raise money, that he
should have the sanction of Congress in some
way and such legislation as would bind the
successors of these mining companies, after
they should get a patent from the United
States; in other words, to make the contracts
of these mining companies covenants running
with the land. 1 was acting with the intention
| of carrying out the wishes of the mining com-
!' panies who owned the property. Mr. Sutro did
not own any of the property. Vast amounts of
money had been expended on the property. 11
was one of the most productive properties in the
: United States. It has been producing for the
' I last ten years from ten to eighteen million dol-
lars a year. Much of it was worked at great
; loss, it is true; many have lost fortunes, but
some have made a great deal of money. It
has been the most productive mine discovered
j in the United States. It had then beenworked
for many years. At the time these contracts
were entered into the stock in these mining
companies was held all over theUnited States,
distributed everywhere. It was held in Bos-
ton and New York and elsewhere. The vari-
ous mining companies on the Comstock lode
bad their stock on the market everywhere, and
I was very careful to have the contract pro-
cured iu the first instance, and I intended to
carry out the views of these parties. The
third section of the act reads as follows:
"St0.3. And be it further enacted. That all persons,
companies, or corporations owning claims pr mines
on said Comstock lode, or any oilier lode, drained,
benefited, or developed by said tnnnel, shall hold
their claims subj eot to the condition (which shall bo
expressed in any grant they Wfty hereafter obtaia
from tho United States) thut they shall contribute
and pay to the owners of said tunnel the same rate
of charges fordrainage, orother benefits derived from
said tunnel or its branches, as have been or may here-
after bo named in agreements between such owners
and tho companies representing a majority of the
estimated value of said Comstock lode at the time
of the passage of this act.''
It bound the successors to pay the rate named
in the agreetoent ; but there was no intention
to exonerate Mr.. Sutro frooi his part of the
' obligation to construct the tunnel within the
! time prescribed. Such &n act as that would have
been an act of bad faith or my part. I had
no right to extend theis contracts, and I did
not undertake to do it- No such construction
wag put upon thia aot until quite recently- The
construction that he could hold this forever,
| and build the tunuel whenhe pleased, and. have
the twq dollars' royalty named in the contract
j for each ton has been sprung recently for
; speculative purpqses, as I shall hereafter
sbpw.
The dispatch that Mr. Ferbiss refers to wa3
also read in the House, and I call attention
to the date. The date is very important, It
will be seen by the contracts that he was to
commence pq the 1st of August, 1867. He
did not commence then. He did nothing.
Instead pf boring the hills he commenced to
bore Congress for a subsidy of money to ruu
a tunnel which everybody knew was absurd.
I could not ask for that. 1 should have been
laughed out of the Senatp if I had. He asked
fropa Congress fivft millions pf money to run it.
Instead pf going to private capitalists he came
to Congress to ask the in for money, Things
passed an I 1867 came, no tunnel was com-
menced, and by the winter pf 1368 these com-
panies had sunk dpwn below the five-hundred
foot level and bpiow where the water was.
They found it practicable to work without a
tunnel, and they went to work spending large
sums of money, getting additional engines and
stronger ones, and started a project of building
a railroad. It was found that large amounts
of. the ore are near the surface, and the project
of a railroad was started. Mr. Sutro was in
Washington boring Congress for an appropri-
ation of $o,000,0QQ to enable him to build this
tunnel and get this royalty out of the owners
of the Comstock lode without putting any of
his own money in. In January, 1868, afte*
