2108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
inite and non-productive in their pursuits;
about twenty-four per cent., or 9,600,000, are
classified as industrial, or engaged in and sup-
ported by art and mechanical productions, in
working and dealing in textile fabrics and in
dress, in food and drink, in animal and vege-
table substances, and in minerals. Nearly all
the classes directly or pecuniarily benefited by
protection are to be found under this general
designation of industrial.
But of them only those classes are so bene-
fited that are engaged in the production of
iron and steel, copper, coal, salt, textile fab-
rics of wool, cotton, flax, and hemp, lumber
and leather, and a few more pursuits of com-
paratively trifling importance. All the classes
so benefited do not cxceed sevtn per cent, of the
whole population, or about 2,800,000 men,
women, and children, equal to about 700,000
actual producers out of *10,000,000 producers
and consumers. This answers my question.
These represent "American industry," and
for them tariffs are made. To promote their
welfare and magnify their gains, the other
37,200,000 of the people are taxed, compelled
to pay forced prices ; to pay unjust, cruel
tribute. The cool assumption, arrogance, and
self-importance of " American industry," thus
unvailed, touches the sublime. Why do they
assume to he the sole representatives of in-
dustry that is worthy to enlist the favorable
consideration of the Government? What law
m nature, or intrinsic excellence in their pro-
ductions, has elevated them so high above
their fellow-creatures? Ask the millions whom
I have classitied if their respective pursuits do
not require industry as severe, patient, pains-
taking as any others, and with as precarious
results and stinted profits. Yet they do not
fill our lobbies with their hired agents and
emissaries. They do not subsidize the press,
suborn Representatives, or burden our desks
with their memorials and essays.
J'AIU COMPETITION.
The protectionists clamor for protection to
"American manufactures," and threaten that
they will expire and disappear from the earth
if not thus supported. In great part this is a
baseless and selfish demand. The great, benefi-
cent law of fair play requires free competition.
The protectionists want the. producers of all
other values in the country to be subjected to
tli® fullest competition, but they demand for
their products an undisputed market. Why
should they be exempted fro in the operation
of so righteous a law? Fair competition is a
principle of absolute virtue; its advantages are
inherent; its practical application requires no
limitation as to time or place, old or young
communities, largo or small States, for it every-
where bears just, equal, and generous results.
But protectionists forget or conceal the fact
that if every tariff law were repealed to-day,
tiiey would still be protected very effectively.
Our country is a continent separated from the
chiof competing nations by intervening oceans
and thousands of miles of distance. The prod-
ucts of other nations, before they can enter
onr markets to compete with domestic produc-
tions, must overcome these obstacles and dan-
gers by expensive transportation. This is pro-
tection to Americanmanvfacturesto that extent.
But our producers and consumers are not all
on the sea-shore. Millions of them can only
be reached by hundreds and thousands of miles
of expensive inland travel and transportation.
These obstacles also must be surmounted by
the foreign producer before he can come into
competition with domestic products. This also
is protection pro tanto. The value of this kind
of protection can be readily appreciated by
every intelligent business man. it is, no doubt,
equal to more than an average duty of ten per
cent, of their value on all imported productions.
But in addition to this the actual duties on all
dutiable imports under the laws exceed on the
average forty-seven per cent. This rate of
tariff taxation has no parallel even among the
conterminous States of Europe, between which
there is very little protection afforded by inter-
vening natural obstacles. Yetour protection-
ists demand more.
WHO PEODUCES THE VALUES IN THE COUXTKY ?_
Mr. Chairman, it is also pertinent to inquire
what relation these pretentious gentlemen sus-
tain to the creation of the aggregate values in
our country. Somebody must produce vast
annual values or nobody could purchase the
tax-rid den products of the favored, cherished,
exacting Representatives of "American indus-
try." The aggregate amount of all values
produced in this country in 1869 may, for the
purposes of just comparison, be stated at
$7,000,000,000. Of this vast sum the most com-
petent statisticians agree that at least one half,
or $3,500,000,000, owes it existence directly to
the unprotected pursuits of agriculture. It is
safe to assume that about 42 per cent, of the
whole is justly creditable to the other unpro-
tected classes and industries of the country,
making $2,940,000,000. That leaves as the
aggregate result of the protected pursuits eight
per cent of the whole, or $560,000,000. It is in
the interest of the producers of this latter sum
that our tariffs are made. It is to them that all
the people pay tribute, and by reason thereof
sacrifice hundreds of millions annually in^in-
creased general prices, diminished production,
and lost commerce.
"PAUPER LABOR OP EUROPE."
But the protectionists insist that American
labor cannot compete in this country with "the
pauper labor of Europe," and therefore they
demand protection. Let us consider and an-
alyze this assumption. They mean that some
commodities can be produced in Europe by
reason of cheap labor, and transported to this
country at great expense, and still bo sold
cheaper here than they can sell the same arti-
cles produced by themselves. This competi-
tion they demand shall be kept out of the
country by a high tariff, so that they may
charge and obtain for their commodities such
prices as will satisfy them. I have shown you
how few are the classes benefited by protec-
tion, and that the vast multitude of producers
and consumers derive no advantage from it.
The interests of the multitude, therefore, re-
quire low prices, and especially for the neces-
saries of life and labor. Simple justice, the
common principles of freedom, and decent
humanity demand them. If these high-priced
arLicles were purchased and consumed alone
by the protected classes, in whose interests
they are made high, the demand of the protec-
tionists would be stripped of most of its impu-
dent and pretentious character.
But they must be purchased and consumed
by the great masses of the people, the vast
unprotected millions, the devotees of toil and
the victims of poverty, by "American labor"
itself; ay, by the pauper labor of America.
Thus the selfish and greedy protectionists of
this country demand that American labor, itself
unprotected and by them unpitied, shall be
perpetually burdened with high prices and
compelled to pay heavy tribute in order to pro-
tect them against the cheap or pauper labor of
Europe. Because labor is cheap in Europe the
people in this country—"American labor"—
must pay high prices and be robbed of half
their hard earnings. The protectionistsconceal
the fact, that the cheap labor of Europe enjoys
the luxury of very low prices for the commodi-
ties it consumes. They propose to equalize
the somewhat better-paid labor of America
with the pauper labor of Europe byeompelling
the former to pay very high prices. It appears
to me that this logic of protection has touched
a climax in absurdity and hypocrisy.
But, Mr. Chairman, very much of the talk
about the pauper labor of Europe is mere bosh
and demagogery, used to deceive and hum-
bug the people. Great Britain has established
substantial free trade ; yet the wages paid in
Great Britain in almost every branch of indus-
try are uniformly much higher than those paid
for similar labor on the continent of Europe.
The rates, for example, paid for female labor
in the manufacture of cotton range from 12s.
to 15s. per week in Great Britain ; 7s. 8d. to
9s. Id. in France, Belgium, and Germany;
and 2s. id. to 2s. llcZ. in Russia; and in all
these countries the hours of labor are longer
than in England. Yet the one thing most
dreaded by all continental manufacturers every-
where is British competition; and the dread
and apprehension are nowhere so great or the
demand for protection so loud as in those very
countries on the continent, such as France.
Austria, and Russia, where the average of
wages is the lowest. Thus the cheap labor of
the adjacent nations of Europe asks protection
against the better-paid labor of Great Britain,
and the comparatively well-paid labor of Amer-
ica demands protection against the cheap labor
of Europe. No ; it is not labor that makes
this demand in our country—it is not so ab-
surd ; it is the demand of the few, the aristo-
cratic protectionists, the purse-proud and arro-
gant monopolists.
IjAIJOIt—V.'AGES.
The truth about this matter is that the pro-
tectionists fallaciously assume that the rate of
wages determines both the cost of production
and the social condition and prosperity of the
laborer. No greater mistake could be com-
mitted. It is what the labor employed actually
produces to the employers and what the wages
paid are able to purchase for the laborers that
determines both of these questions. The dif-
ferences in these latter respects between Brit-
ish labor and labor in the neighboring nations
of Europe full}' account for the different results
and productive capacities of their systems.
British labor is more intelligent, skillful, and
effective than labor in the adjoining nations of
the continent. Its productive capacity is there-
fore greater, and it commands higher wages.
Then, British free trade gives it the benefit of
the lowest prices for what it consumes. In a
late report by Alexander JRedgrave, inspector
of British factories, to his Government, the
following statement is made, showing the aver-
age number of persons employed to spindles
in the cotton manufactories of Europe:
"In France, one person to 14spindles; in Russia,
one person to 2S spindles; in Prussia, one person to
87 spindles; in Bavaria, one person to 40 spindles; in
Austria, one person to 49 spindles; in Belgium and
Saxony, one person to 50 spindles; in Switzerland and
the smaller >States of Germany, ono person to 55
spindles; and in Groat liritain, one parson to 74
spintlle s."
In this country labor and production are
protected by nature, as I have already shown,
to the extent of more than 10 per cent, of the
value of all imports. Then it is conceded
throughout the world that American labor
greatly surpasses that of any other people in
ingenuity, inventive capacity, skill, intelli-
gence, adaptiveness, and productiveness. Its
success in machinery and in subduing the
powers of nature to the service of man is alike
unequaled and wonderful. Our country is a
continent, possessing and producing in gener-
ous abundance a great variety of raw materials.
Our boundless interstate commerce is fortu-
nately conducted upon the principles of abso-
lute free trade. Most of the industries, pro-
ductions, and people of our country are beyond
the reach of beneficial tariff protection, and
are only burdened, crippled, and plundered by
it, and need no protection so much as they do
the repeal of all protective tariffs. Our agri-
culture, with its boundless capacity, can defy
the world, aua needs nothing so much as a
reduction in the cost of production and trans-
portation, which can be accomplished only by
reducing the cost of railroads, steamboats, iron
and wooden ships, and the ordinary convey-
ances and implements of the farmers; all which
have been doubled in cost by protection.
Any attempt to protect wool, or hides, or
flax, or anything of that kind, is most delusive ;
and whilst it may add to the prices of those
articles somewhat, it will aggravate the prices
of other commodities which the farmers con-
