4940
. r
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Junes 28,
thatcommittee, very well." So it was reported
back and referred to the Committee oil Appro-
priations, because tho member from Massachu-
setts who was urging the claim was a member
of that committee.
The Committee on Appropriations, like any
other committee, may report a private bill on
private bill day. Nobody can doubt they may
report a private bill; but they must not report
itin one of the general appropriation bills under
the authority given in the rules to that commit-
tee to report at any time. The member from
Massachusetts was unable to get the Commit-
tee on Appropriations to report in favor of that
claim. I am informed by members of that
committee that they voted on it and excluded
it at tho last Congress. How it came before
the committee in this Congress I do not know.
In regular form papers arc withdrawn from the
files of the House and sent to the committee.
I do not object to ihat. That, Mr. Chairman,
in brief is the history of this case.
The claim of Mr. Sargent is this. He took
a contract for carrying tho mails after the rail-
road had stopped carrying them. Afterward
the railroads came to terms, and said they would
carry the mails for a great deal less. Under
the stipulation in every mail eoatiacl the De-
partment had the right to make another con-
tract for carrying the mails at a less price, and
it accordingly did so. If this is a just claim,
then there are thousands of such claims all
over the country where men have been com-
pelled to give up their contracts under the
stipulation to which I have referred. Whore
contracts are taken away by the Department
and given to parties who will carry the mails
for a less price they have claims based upon
precisely the same principle as this claim.
There are thousands of such claims which no
committee of this House will report in favor of.
I do not care about this claim. I do not
know this man. I only state the history of it.
It'the House will take the responsibility to slip
claims like this into the appropriation bills,
very well. If such claims are to be reported
by the Committee on Appropriations in a gen-
eral appropriation bill, then 1 do not know
but the suggestion which has been made is cor-
rect, that this should be called the committee
on appropriations and rejected claims.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
Tho question recurredon Mr. F.uixsivor.tii's
motion to strike out.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 21, noes 40; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rules, ordered
iellers; and appointed Mr. Kelsey and Mr.
Faiinswoivki.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 7-5.
So the committee refused to strike out the
paragraph.
Mr. SARGENT. ^ On behalf of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, I move to insert tho
following:
To enable trie Secretary of the Interior lo indemnify
A. M.Adams for losses by dspredations^eoramitted
by Kiowa and Comanche Indians in 1866, ^29,492 02.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is made
necessary on account of the proposed repeal
of a provision of the intercourse act of the
Indians. The Secretary of the Interior and
the Commissioner of Indian Atfairs, as well as
the President, are extremely anxious that sec-
tion ib'ir of the Indian appropriation bill, put
on bv l he Senate, shall be concurred in by the
House, and become a law. I will send the
fourth section of the Senate amendments to
the Clerk's desk, for the purpose of having it
lead.
The Clerk lead as follows :
4. And be it further cnactej, That no part of
the moneys appropriated by this n.ci, or wtiieh may
hereafter be appropriated in any fteneral act or de-
ficiency bill making appropriations for the current
and eontingopt <. xpenses of the Indian department,
to p.iy anmiities due to or to bo used and expended
for the care and benefit of any tribe or tribes of In-
dians named herein, shall be applied to the payment
cf any claim for depredations that may have boon
or may be committed by such tribe or tribes, or any
member or members thereof; and no claims for In-
dian depredations shall hereafter be paid until Con-
gress shall make special appropriation therefor ;
and ail acts and parts of acts inconsistent herewith
are hereby repealed.
Mr. SARGENT. Now, Mr. Chairman, the
only objection to Congressadoptingthatamend-
tnent to tho Indian appropriation bill is this
single claim. It arose in this manner: under
the intercourse law the annuities of the Indi-
ans are held responsible for any depredations
they may commit. But these claims., when
paid, take the money which would otherwise
go to promote peace among the Indians, and
the result is, that although it may be just to
pay these claims, the Indians become dis-
satisfied, wars spring up, and the result is tho
expenditure of millions. In this case, Adams
was driving a large number of cattle under a
contract with the Government. The Indians
came down and seized the cattle. The Depart-
ment, on the claim being presented, required
that it should first be laid before a general
council of the Indians. A council assembled,
and after the evidence was presented, tho In-
dians, by a document which they themselves by
their chiefs unanimously signed, admitted that
they had seized the cattle, and that they had
them in their possession. The military author-
ities refused to return them to Adams, and told
him that his redress was under the intercourse
law. Application was made to the Depart-
ment of the Interior, and a portion of ihe claim
was paid, so far as tho money would go, leav-
ing the balance to be paid out of the next an-
nuities. The Indian Commissioner, and also
the Secretary of the Interior, earnestly recom-
mend that this claim be paid, and then that
this section be adopted in the general Indian
lav/, and 1 intend myself to recommend that
course.
The question was put on Mr. Satict;>:t's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. DEGENEll. I move to amend by in-
serting the following as a new paragraph :
To enable the Secretary of tho Treasury to pay ihe
claim of Mr. ilacay Saln^nr for depredations com-
mitted by the JJavajoo Indians ill Kew Jlcxico, $9,000.
Mr. Chairman, this claim is before the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. It was referred to
me as a sub-committee, and I have made a
preliminary report upon it. There seems, how-
ever, no chance for tho Indian Committee of
getting before the House during this session.
As the precedent has been established of attach-
ing private claims to this general bill, I ask
that this one shall also ho favorably consid-
ered, and that his claim, which beyond a doubt
is a just one, shall bo paid to a poor man who
thus far has been kept out of his just dues, and
might eventually be deprived of the last chance
of having justice done him in case tho amend-
ment to which the gentleman from California
has alluded should become a law.
As is stated in the amendment which I had
the honor to offer, the claim is for property
stolen byNavajoe Indians in the neighborhood
of Santa Fe, New Mexico ; and these Indians
are fed and clothed and armed by the Govern-
ment. The claimant has no redress bat by an
act of Congress, as it is claimed by the Indian
department that the sum paid to tho Navnjocs
bears not the character of an annuity, and that,
therefore, no deductions can bo mado there-
from. I appeal to Congress to perform an
net of justice, and order that the claim of Senor
Baca y Salazar be paid.
Tho question was taken on Mr. Dekexe:i's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
To enable the Secretary of Suite to reimburse tho
owners of tho Norwegian bark General Birch for the
expenses incurred by them in the rescue and care of
thirty-four American citizens, master and erew of
tile American ship Dreadnought, wrecked on Cap«
Penas on the 4th of July, 1869, S3,2S9, in gold.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to movean amend-
ment, to come in after the paragraph which has
just been read. " •
Mr, GRISWOLD. I wish to move to strike
out the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will bo
entertained as coining first in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer the following-
amendment, to come in afterlineeight hundred
and fifty-five ;
To enable tho Superintendent of the Coast Survey
to make observations in Ilurope of tno cclipse ot tae
sun nest December, S29.0U9.
Mr. Chairman, it is known to the House
that the Coast Survey last year, under the gen-
eral law, made observations ot the eclipse of
the sun. The results of these observations,
though not yet published formally, have com-
manded the attention of scientific men all over
the world. Nest December there will be an-
other total eclipse of the sun visible in Europe,
the last total eclipse anywhere within the pale
of Christendom, as I understand, during the
present century. The great Powers of Europe
deem these observations essential to be made,
with a view to the advancement of science.
England has already moved in tho matter, and
made arrangements for taking observations,
having put Mr. Airy, the foremost scientific
man in Britain, at the head of the corps of
observation, and provided that sixty men bo
engaged with him in that work on the 22d day
of next December. 1 understand, also, that,
Francois moving in it; that Italy is moving
in it; that Prussia is moving iu it; and no
man is prepared to say in advance what further
observations of the eclipse of the sua mado
with tho improved instruments of our time
may result in. No one is able to determine in
advance what may be their effect on men and
nations. No better appropriation, in my opin-
ion, can bo made of the public money than that
which will enable our people to know that which
will add to the measure of their knowledge,
that knowledge which is power. What may
follow from these observations no man can
determine, as I have said, until the observa-
tions arc made; but if it is worthy of all foreign
civilized and cultivated nations to make these
observations it is equally worthy of the Amer-
ican people to join in the great inquiry, and
run the chances of being acknowledged, at
least, as not wanting in ability to aid the
investigation, and thereby add something to
physical science.
America has just cause to be proud of her
scientific achievements, her application of steam
to navigation, to land locomotion, and to print-
ing; to her use of tho electric telegraph over
the continent and under the seas. 1 feel justi-
fied in saying that America is better prepared
with instruments for tho proposed observa-
tions than any other Power. Let her enter
into generous rivalry with foreign Powers in
this investigation. Let her join with other
Power's in a further endeavor to know the con-
stitution of the sun. 1 pray the House to let
tho scientific men who constitute the Coast
Survey, including the most scientific men iu
tho naval and military service of the country
who may be associated with them, proceed to
perfect the observations hitherto so wisely
begun.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Tho Clerk read as follows :
Xo enable the Secretary of State to reimburse the
owners of thoNorwcgian bark General Birch lor The
expenses incurred by them in the rescue and care of
thirty-ionr American citizens, master and erew of
tiie American ship Dreadnought, wrecked on Cape
Penas, on tho 4th of July, ISS9, $3,239, in gold.
Mr. G HTSWOLD. 1 move to strike out ihat
paragraph. I wish to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, who reported
this bill, whether there is any existing law
authorizing the payment of this claim?
Mr. DA \\ Efi. A whole crew of Americans
were saved from a watery grave by the valor
and gallantry of the crew of this Norwegian
bark. So remarkable was the exposure of
