1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4941
their own lives that it was a matter of repre-
sentation between their Goveinmentand ours;
and it was recommended that some reward
should be made to them, and the Secretary of
State sent a communication to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations asking them to provide
for it.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I suppose that answers
my question substantially; but there is 110
existing law authorizing the payment of this
claim. I suppose the committee have had
proper authority before they acted on this claim.
I know nothing about it, and in that respect I
suppose I stand in the same position as any
other member of the House. The claim may
be perfectly honest and fair if the facts inserted
in the paragraph are true; it may be that these
expenses have been incurred, and when re-
ported from the proper committee I should be
willing to vote to pay them ; but the objection
to this claim is that.it is presented in this way,
without examination before the proper com-
mittee. I believe that the committee to which
it properly belongs is the Committee 011 Foreign
Affairs, and I think it should have received
the assent of that committee.
The question was taken ou the amendment,
and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For defraying the expense's of the Sv.premc Court
and district courts of tbe United States, including
theDis rictof Columbia, and aiso for jurors and wit-
nesess, in iiidot thefundsr.risin iro:n lines,penalties,
and forfeitures, in the fiscal ye.ir ending Juno
1871, and previous years. and hkewise for defraying
the expensed of suits in which the United States are
concerned, including legal assistance to tlieAttoiiiey
General, and otner special md exnaordinary ex-
penditures in cases ot the Supreme Court of the
United States in which the United States tiro con-
ccrned, and of prosecutions lor offenses committed
against the "United States, and for the safe-keeping
of prisoners, SI,203,COO.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the clause just read the following :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay ,T.
II. Yiser, clerk of the Vniied States di-tiict court
ior the northern district of Mississippi, for keeping
tho reoords and Hies of the land ofuec at Pontotoc,
Mississippi, and performing the duties of lesister
and receiver for four years, under the provisions ot
the act of March 3, 1803, $J,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary.
This is authorized by existing law, the act
of March 3, 1SG;>, the forty-eighth section of
which i ask the Clerk to read.
Mr. DAWES. Has this been submitted to
the Commissioner of the General Land Ofhce 1
Mr. HARRIS. I submitted it to him my-
self, and his excuse for not paying it was 
Mr. DAWES. lias he recommended it?
Mr. HARRIS. He said there was no appro-
priation from which he tioald pay it.
Mr. DAWES. I wouldsaggesi.that. the Com-
missioner of the General Land Oiliee should
be required to indorse this ^account. If tho
gentleman can get- that indorsement, i wilt
myself see that the amendment is taken to the
other branch of Congress.
Mr. HARRTS. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office declined to recommend it
on this ground, that Mississippi was not in the
Union- at, the time this service was rendered,
and therefore he says the State of Mississippi
should pay it, and not the General Government.
I insisted that the General Government should
pay it, for the service was rendered under a law
of Congress. I ask tho Clerk to read the
forty-eighth section of the act to wiech 1 have
referred.
The Clerk read as follows:
"tVh en ever the loud office a I Pontotoc, Mississippi,
shall bo discontinued, the records ana tilci thereof
shall bo placed in the possession of the cler* <>t tnc
United States district court ior tbe northern district
ot Mississippi, who is hereby made keeper ot ttie
same and authorized to perioral the unties no w con -
icrred upon the register and receiver, and shall
luceive for his services a sum not exreeiliiu;
pea- annum."
Mr. DAWES. There is no evidence how
long the service was rendered, or whether it
•was'worth one. two, or three hundred dollars
a year. I think it should be examined, and
that some evidence in reference to it should be
placed on file.
Mr. HAPiRIS. My amendment is for
" $2,000, or so much thereof as maybe neces-
sary," which means that when this claim is
examined he is to be paid the amount which
may be found due him.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
to modify his amendment so that it will read,
" or so much thereof as shall be found by the
proper accounting officers to be due him." If
lie will do that, then I will not object to his
amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. I will modify my amend-
ment as suggested.
The amendment, as modified, was then
agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before we pass from this
portion of the bill I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Dawes] the necessity for tho clause '"includ-
ing legal assistance to the Attorney General?''
We have organized a department ot justice, and
the impression has obtained, I do not, know how
justly, that no legal assistance will be needed
beyond what that department can furnish.
Mr. DAWES. Since this paragraph was
drafted, an estimate that came down from the
Attorney General's office, a department of jus-
tice has been established by law. Whether or
not that department covers all possible neces-
sary legal expenses I do not know ; but I can-
not think that it does. 1 do not think there
will bo under that bureau such special retain-
ers as there have been heretofore. But I think
there must be some extra assistance required
from time to time. Eor instance, the Attorney
General is sometimes obliged to send to ex-
treme parts of the country to take depositions.
Of course it would not be advisable tor him to
send an oliicer from this city for that purpose,
for it would cost double as much, and in some
instances more than double what it would to
employ a person at the place where the deposi-
tions are to lie taken. A rule has been estab-
lished in the Attorney General's office to pay a
certain rate for such services, a rate which has
been esteemed to be a reasonable one, to be
paid to some attorney, to be selected for spe-
cial services of that kind. I do not think the
organization of the department of justice
would do away with the necessity for such ser-
vices hereafter.
Mr. MAYNARD. I merely desired some
explanation of the paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I offer the following, to
come iu after the amendment just adopted :
To procure the making of a contract by the Secre-
tary ot War withllcnryK. Brown,of Newburg. New
Yolk, for a bronze equestrian statue ot Brevet Lieu-
tenant General Winfield Scott, $.15,000 in addition to
tho sum appropriated by tho joint resolution for that
purpose, approved March ii,1S67.
1 trust, Mr. Chairman, that after the explana-
i tion I shall give there will be no objection to
! tiiis proposition. It is an audition to a former
i appropriation, and is designed to enable the
Government to carry out die object contem-
plated by that appropriation, in 1800, when
i was the chairman ofthe Committee on Military
Affairs, that committee, responding to a reso-
lution referred to it relating to this subject
soon after the death of General Scott, reported
to the House a resolution, which was passed
| by the House, in these terms :
I "That the Secretary oHVar is herebvauihonzed
I and directed to conn.ict with Henry lv. Drown, esq..
! „f Xewburg, Now Yoik, at a price not exceeding
! &!0,0U3, for an equestrian statue in bronze ot lu-cvet
: Lieutenant Genera I Wnif.e'id Scott, tobctnalo o; the
j £-uns captured m Slexico, and to be placed upon his
i grave at Wc;.t Point.''
| By rn ameudmop-t of the Senate, concurred
! in by the House, the language; ol' that,resolution
| was changed so as to provide that the statue
I when completed should be placed "in 1-rank-
| lin square, in the city or \\ asliington, or iu
i such other place iu the saiu City as the Sec-
' retary of V* ar may designate." lhus there
i was given for this purpose so many of the
! bronze cannon captured in Mexico as might be
necessary for the work, and an appropriation
of $'20,000. Mr. Brown was selected as the
artist because he was known to have produced
what I may say is perhaps—and I do not intend
to say il invidiously—the only good equestrian
statue that we have as yet in the country. He
is the artist to whom we are indebted for the
equestrian statue of Washington at Union
square, New York city. Gentlemen are aware
that all the other equestrian statues of Wash-
ington, Jackson, and others are in what may
be called the '' frantic " style of art, the horse
being repiesented as rearing with legs high ia
air, with nostrils distended, with mane and
tail streaming to the wind—an illustration of
what may be designated the frantic style rather
than a calm, impressive work of art.
Mr. Brown, encouraged by the declaration
of Congress that he should have a contract to
complete a work of this kind, and not advert-
ing to the amount of money tendered him for
the purpose, went immediately to work; and
ho has produced, at an expense to himself of
about five thousand dollars, a colossal eques-
trian statue as the model of the work. There
is now upon one of the desks near me a pho-
tographic view of tho model thus completed,
which 1 know will commend itself to every
gentleman who will take the trouble to exam-
ine it, as indicating that in this the artist has
excc-lied even bis former works, and has shown
his ability to produce in answer to tho call of
Congress that which will be a credit at the
same tune to himself and to the nation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Sciiekck was then
adopted.
Mr. MYERS. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following:
for services performed in the Patent Office under
tho direction of the Commissioner of Patents, from
August 1, 1So5. to April 1, 1839, by clerks and assist-
ant examiners acting as assistant examiners and ex-
aminers. at the rotes fixed by law for these respective
grades, the sum of $10,751 14.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 make the point of order
that this has once been ruled out on a point
of order; and I now renew the point.
Mr. DAWES. I feel that I have led the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myebs]
into a false position by my statement yesterday..
He would doubtless have obtained a suspension
of the rules to authorize this amendment if I
had not told him yesterday that there was no
need to obtain such a suspension.
Mr. KELSEY. If there had been amotion
to suspend the rules to authorize the introduc-
tion of this amendment I certainly would have
objected to it.
Sir. MYERS. There was such a motion.
Sir. KELSEY. No vote was taken on it.
Mt. DAWES. The reason of that was my
statement that the proposition to suspend the
rules was unnecessary.
The CHAIRMAN, if the point of order be
!nsis:ed upon the Chair will have to sustain it;
but lie desires to state to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kelsey] that he certainly
understood the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations as saying yesterday that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers]
would have the light to offer this amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I think that is so.
Mr. MYERS. Now, I make a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
New York insists on his point of order the
Chair will have to rule the amendment out.
Mr. KELSEY. I have made the point of
order, and I insist upon it.
The CHAIRMAN.^ The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. MYERS. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. KELSEY. The Chair lias decided, and
discussion is not in order.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania will state bis point of order.
Mr. MYERS. It is this: when the bill was
offered m the House notice was given of eer-
