1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3053
the time had expired, this dispatch Mine to tlie
Senators from Nevada:
VlKOlKIA, Nevada, January 15,1SSS.
Received at Willnrd's Hotel. Washington. D. C..
January 1<>, lf>t .
To Hon. William AI. Stewart ami Jamks W, Nyk:
We i>rQ opposed to the butro inoncl project, Mid
desire it defeated <,„AROy,
CHAKLES BONNKR.
Savat* Camp***.
JB. F. SHERWOOD.
1'roidrnt Cmtrat Company.
JOHN B. WINTERS
PrttuUmt Ytilrna Jarkrt Onupa*v-
JOHN P.JONES.
l^wptrintenJtnt Kmtneii ibmpanf.
J. W. MACKKV.
Superintendent liullion Cotnpany.
THOMAS G. TAYLOR,
Prttiilmt Alpha and Stiprrintrniirnt Vrtnon
Point nnd llrtt and litlcker Companies,
F. A. TRITLE.
PretititM Jieiehtt Cbmpany.
ISAAC L.REQUA,
Sttperiutnuient C holler-Putoti C^mtpuny,
This dispatch Came on after he had failed to I
comply with the law, and of course the repre-
sentatives of that State here coald not continue
to aid Mr. Sutro in the way he desired. I in-
troduced a bill in the Senate to rectify that
third section so as to make it comply with the
contracts, and let Mr. Sutro stand on his con-
tracts.
I may be asked why it is important for me to
make these statements and what the object is.
Sntro's tunnel is a proposition to rnn four miles
in bard rock. It will take a large number of
years. Yon will see in the contracts they have
made provision that there shall be at least seveh
places they should work on. They were to
sink three shafts and ran from those and from
the face, and should commence in 1807i All
this has been neglected. Now after they have
expended their money, after they hare built
their twenty-three miles of railroad, after the
parties who own the mines have made every
improvement and are doing something for the
country, Mr. Sutro contends that if he ever
gets the tunnel built lie can have his two dol-
lars a ton royalty. The working on the Com-
stock lode has got so that ore is got from the :
top rock, which is not benefited by the tunnel,
and it would not be profitable to work it and
pay the royalty, so that he would have the whole
thing in his control.
It must necessarily take a tery long time to
ruu this tunnel, working only from one end.
Consequently he has made a stock-jobbing
operation of it. I make these statements so
that nobody shall be fooled by my once having ,
been president of this company. Everybody
mast see that it is going to take a great many
years to run four miles of tunnel, working from
one end only. He commenced last fall, and
yon see a dispatch almost every day in the
papers that there are bo many feet rati. He
has just sixty feet of the tunnel proper, and
then he has a dirt drift without timber running
some hundreds of feet When lie comes to the
rock he has got to make a regular tunnel. If
Sutro can get two dollars a ton on all this vast
amount of ere it will be a big thing. Every
time the progress of the tunnel is telegraphed
across the continent every poor fellow who has
a little stock in any of the companies on the
Gomstock lode thinks that Sutro is going to !
be in there and get his property. \
/There is no necessity for modifying this law 1
/at all, except to prevent those who own shares
f in the companies on the Gomstock lode in good :
faith from being alarmed. You can imagine
how long it will take to rnn suoh a tunnel. Take
the Hoosac tunnel in Massachusetts, working
from both ends, for eighteen or twenty years
past, I suppose, and there is very little of it
done. There are a large number of stockhold-
ers in the mining companies on the Comstock
lode, die Gould and Carry Company, the Sav-
age Company, the Yellow Jacket Company and
others, and I wish all their stockholders to see
that there ia bo danger in this business of Sutro.
I He is not going to pet in his tunnel while they
live, and if the mines continue to pay divi-
dends while they live they ought to be satisfied.
I have said this to show the Senate that
there is some other interest to be looked to
besides that of Sutro. He never produced any
bullion there. A great many miners there have
produced it and have made the country richer;
but lie has not. It oecurred to me thht it was
time to make these statements when I saw
that a bill relating to another subject conld
not come up yesterday without a proviso
being offered declaring that it should not in-
jure Sutro. The effect is to cause statements
to be made that Congress has recognized
Sutra's title and it will be telegraphed over
the country, and poor people who own the
stock in these mining companies will think
Sutro is going to be in there soon and get
their ground.
I In the first place, I do not believe as a mat-
I ter of law that if he should build his tunnel
' now that section is capable of tho construc-
tion he puts upon it. I believe he has for-
feited all his rights. I do not believe that he
Can compel them to pay the royalty of two
dollars a ton under that act of Congress unless
he complies with his part of the coutract, and
if he did, nobody would complain. If he had
done that, there would have been no railroad
built, and there would not have been the
money spent which has been recently ex-
pended so largely for developing these mines.
He has not done it, and I do not believe he
can. I makb this statement more that people
shall not be deceived about this project than
anything else; and having done that, I do not
care if yoti put on every bill that comes np
here a proviso that it shall not injure Sutro.
SENATOR FROM JXORtDA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A week or two ago,
perhaps, I reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary a resolution in reference to the
claim of Mr. Hart to the seat in the Senate
now Occupied by Mr. Gilbert. That report
has been lying on the table. The resolution
declares that Mr. Gilbert is entitled to the
seat. I think it ought to be disposed of. Mr.
Hart is here in attendance. I would ask that
it be taken up, and let the report and resolution
be read; and unless it leads to debate—I do
not know that it will at all; the facts are stated
in the report—let it be disposed of so a3 not
lo be pending. It is a privileged question.
This PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to taking up the caSe re-
ferred to. The report will be read.
The Secretary read the following report,
Submitted by Mr. Trumecll. from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary on the 13th instant:
The Committee on the Judiciary to whom was
referred the petition of Ossian B. llart, of Florida,
claiming a seat in theSenate from the State of Flor-
ida, lor the term which commenced March 4,1860,
report as Follows:
In consequence of the rebellion the State of Flor-
ida wu without representation in the Senate of the
United States from 1861 till 1868. In pursuance of a
constitution framed and adopted under what are
known as the reconstruction acts a Legislature con-
vened in Florida Monday, June 8,1808, the mem-
bers of the assembly and half of .the senate having
been elected for two years, and the other half of the
senate for four years.
This Legislature, on the 16th day of June, 1868,
being the second Tuesday after its meeting and or-
ganization, proceeded, in accordance with the act
of Congress of July 25,1866, " regulating the times
and manner of holding elections for Senators in
Congress," te take action for the election of two
United States Senators to fill the then existing
vacancies for the terms e±piring on the 3d of March,
1869, and the 3d.of March, 1873. On Wednesday, the
day following that on whioh eaoh house had sepr
arately but without result voted for Senators to fill
the two existing vacancies, the members of the two
houses convened in joint assembly, elected a Sena-
tor to fill the vacancy expiring March 3,1869. and
adjourned till the next day, when they again assem-
bled and elected a Senator for the term expiring
March 3,1873, and adjonrned without date.
The next day (Friday) the memberB of the two
houses, eaoh house having previously concurred in a
resolution to that effect, assembled again in joint
convention for the election of a Senator to succceed
the one whose term would expire on the 3d of March,
1869, when Abijah Gilbert, the present sitting mem-
ber, was elected. I
The petitioner was chosen By tho same Legislature
in January, 1870, to represent tho State in thoSeuato
Ibr the terra commencing .March 4, 1809, and now
claims the seat occupied by Mr. Gilbert.
Tho elections in 1S0S all took place beforo tho
passage of tlio act of Juno 25,18J8. which declarod
Florida entitled to representation iu Consross.
Two objections are taken to tho election of the
sitting member:
1. That hp was chosen by tho Legislature of aStato
not at tho timo recognized «s entitled to ropresouta-
tion in Congress;
". That ho was not elected in oonformity with tho
act of July 25,18(50.
Tho first objection is answered by the fact that tho
subsequent recognition of tho State, as entitled to
representation under tile Constitution, in pursuunc.0
of which Ihu Legislature was elected and orpauizeil,
related back to and made valid its acts lrom tlio
time of its organization. Senators and Representa-
tives from several of the reconstructed States have
boon chosen beforo tho States were declarod entitled
to representation, and no oao lias ever questioned
their right to seats when Congress subsequently
recognized tho government uuder which they were
chosen as entitled to representation.
The only ground for thoother objection arisos from
the fact that the Legislature failed to take action on
tlio "second Tuesday alter its organization " in re-
gard to the third Senator who was to boelected; but
it tookaetion on tnosubjectof'electingScnators, and
actually voted, though unsuccessfully, on that day for
persons to till tho two existing vacaucies.
Tlio object of tho act of Congress was to insure tho
elcetion of Senators by the proper Legislature, and
to lix a time when proceedings for that purpose should
be commenced and continued till the elections wero
effected.
Tho Legislature by which the sitting member was
elected was tho one chosen next preceding the term
which would commence on the 4Ui of March, 1869,
and was therefore tho proper Legislature to elect.
" The second Tuesday after the meeting aud organ-
ization of the Legislature" was the time prescribed
by the act of Congress for initiating tho election of
Senators, and that was the time when thoLcgisla-
turo proceeded to that business. There being three
Senators to elect, it took action on that day only in
referonco to two of them. I)id its failure to tnko
action on that day and tho two subsequent davs—
which wero occupied in electing tho first two S ii-
ators—in reference to tho third Senator render his
election, in all other respects, regular, invalid?
Tbe coiuuiittco think not.
The language of the law is: "In case no person
shall receive suoh majority on the first day the joint,
assembly shall meet at twelve o'clock, meridian, of
each succeeding day during tho session of the Legis-
lature, and take at loast one vote till a Senator shall
bo elected." No formal adjournment from day to
day by vote of the joint assembly was necessary, but
it was the duty of the members of each hquse to
meet in joint assembly at noon of eaoh day, and voto
at least once till all tho Senators whom the Legisla-
ture had the right to elect were chosen. This is
exactly what the Legislature did.
In no view which the committee can take would
the petitioner be entitled to a seat in the Senate, for,
if the election of the sitting Senator was irregular,
that of the petitioner, by the same Legislature at a
subsequent session, was equally so.
The committee recommend for adoption the follow-
ing resolution:
llesolved, That Abijah Gilbert was duly elected a
Senator from the State of Florida for the termcoin-
monoing March 4, 1869, and is entitled to hold his
seat as suoh.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I wove that the report
of the committee be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Str. Ak-
thoict in the chair.) The question is on
adopting tlie resolution reported by the Com-
mittee. ;
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, my attention
has been called to this report—*—
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hoar
of one o'clock having arrived, it becomes the
dntyof the Chair to call up the regular order,
which is tho Calendar.
Mr. HOWE. I do not propose to occupy
the time of the Senate more than a very few
minutes,
Mr, TRUMBULL. I think we had better
dispose of this question, unless somebody
wishes to debate it at length. If so, of course
it had better go over,
Mr. HOWE. I do not wish to debate it
at length.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin may proceed by unanimous
eoasent, subject to the objection of any Senator.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator does not desire
to debate it at length I will not make a state-
ment which I was requested to make by the
8enatOr from Florida, [Mr. Gilbert^] not now
in his seat, in case it did give rise to debate.
Mr. HOWE. I do not rise for the purpose
of taking any exception to the report of the
