1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3997
elsewhere, because then the burden will fall
more unjustly than if we imposed this tax
upon persons receiving an income in excess of
$2,500. I hope that my amendment will be
adopted, and that the rate of tax will not be
reduced below five per cent.
Mr. 13LA. I move to amend by striking
out, near the beginning of section forty, the
word "fifteen" and inserting "twelve;" so
that the section will read :
That it shall bo the duty of every person of
lawiul ago, whoso gross income during tho lire-
ceding year cxceedcd $1,200, to make and render a
return, i:o.
I offer this amendment because I believe the
income tax as at present paid is one of the
most just taxes laid, and affects no person who
has not received a net income above the amount
required for the reasonable support of a family,
while most other national taxes, except those
from succession and legacies, come from peo-
ple who are struggling to get the means of sup-
port, without being able to acquire two thirds
as much income as is now exempted to the
payers of income taxes. Besides, it is paid
by those who have received most of the benefits
for which it is expended. It comes mainly
from the wealth of the country, and is expended
to pay interest to that class, or to provide them
with that protection which is the great expense
of the Government apart from its interest. It
is nearer a direct tax than any other, and is
paid by the influential classes of society, who,
when they feel a tax, will be careful to see
that it is not wastefully used or squandered
upon useless objects. If this tax is removed
the motive of all this class for keeping strict
watch upon the expenditures of the Govern-
ment will be wanting, as most of the other taxes
paid by them are shifted off upon consumers.
It is paid outright and does r.ot come back
upon us in acy other form. It is also paid by
a few persons, and the cost of its assessment
and collection is small when compared with the
same amount of tax collected from other sources.
It ia a tax that does not increase the cost of
food, or clothing, or the comforts of life, or the
homes which shelter the people. It cannot be
shifted off upon others to deprive them of com-
forts they may not otherwise enjoy. It does
not restrict or cripple trade of any kind. It is
a burden upon no man's personal industry. It
does not increase the cost of our ships or the
ability to sail them. Neither does it restrict
in any way the commerce which gives them
employment. It does not add to the cost of
our manufactures, or to the cost of the labor
or the machinery by which they are produced.
The great mass of all the people of the coun-
try have no incomes equal to the amount ex-
empted from taxation. All they receive is
expended in the support of their families; yet
it is out of the earnings of this class that the
wealth of the country is accumulated. It is
gathered up by those who have taxable net
incomes from its producers through banks,
railroads, interest, trade, and manufactures,
and there is no justice or equity which would
relieve this class from a prupei share of the
burdens and expenses of the Government
which are incurred so largely for their benefit.
The income tax is collected mainly from
those sections of the country and from those
persons who have concentrated to themselves
the wealth produced by other sections and by
other persons; and when it does not come ex-
clusively from that class it comes from those
who have been fortunate beyond their fellows,
and takes only one twentieth of their net in-
comes above the amount required for reason-
able support. If this class of persons are op-
pressed by paying such a tax as is now proposed
to be collected from incomes, what will be said
of almost every other tax which comes from
their less fortunate fellows who have no tax-
able incomes, aud too many of them not even
the means of a respectable living? If this tax
is removed other and far more burdensome
taxes must remain. The amount derived from
this tax is about three fifths of the amount of
which it is proposed to relieve the people.
Besides, it is the only tax which reaches some
classes of property better able to bear taxation
than any other.
But the objection is made that this is a war
tax, and ought not to b.e continued. So are
all our other taxes derived from internal rev-
enue war taxes, and they ought all to be dis-
continued as soon as practicable; but so long
as we are compelled to raise internal revenue
taxes this tax ought to be continued. It is
also alleged that this tax is unequal. So are
all our taxes. We raise them as equally as we
can, aud from those objects which can best
bear them, and from those persons who can
best afford to pay them. No one is paying an
income tax who cannot well afford to do it, or
they arc so few as hardly to make an excep-
tion. If we could raise no taxes where the
burden was not equal we should raise none at
all. Where would the nation have been to-day
if this idea had obtained? Did we stop the
draft because it look a valuable son from one
man and a reckless, worthless profligate from
another? If we had raised no men until the
draft bore equally we should have none at all.
So would it be with taxes. Have Governments
ever hesitated to tax incumbered property?
How meny cases are within the knowledge of
every one where men are paying taxes on the
full value of farms and houses when they are
loaded with debt, and do not own one half,
and in many cases not one tenth part of them.
There is no possible equality in taxing one
man upon what he owes and the next upon
what ho owns, yet taxation is continued upon
property so situated.
Objection has been made to this tax because
the fanner has a greater exemption than others.
Let it be borne in mind, if this be so, that the
farmer carries most of the burdens of local and
State taxation, whether he has an income or
not, aud that the objection is a better reason
for amending the law than for abandoning the
tax. It is also objected that many rich men
are allowed to escape it. That, too, is a better
reason for a change of assessor than for aban-
doning a tax which will yield $3-1,000,000 to
the Treasury, all of which comes from people
who can well afford to pay.
Another, and perhaps the greatest objection
which has been urged against this tax, is that
it is inquisitorial. So are most other taxes.
The assessor inquires into the business of I he
merchant to fix the amount of his special tax,
and into the business of the broker and the
manufacturer to get the amount of their sales for
taxation. So of cigar-makers and other classcs
of tax-payers. It has not been considered
inquisitorial to make persons return their prop-
erty, notes, mortgages, money, stocks, and
securities for local andState taxation, nor is
it any more so to return the income from this
same property to the assessor. The inquisito-
rial feature becomes unpleasant when unau-
thorized and unreliable statements to escape
the tax are frustrated.
Another objection to this tax is that rich
men cannot tell the truth in making up their
gains aud profits, and it must be abandoned to
protect them from that fatalistic temptation.
This argument seems to afford another illustra-
tion of that doctrine long ago announced, that
the love ,of money is the root of all evil, and^ is
suggestive of that other old idea, that it is easier
for a camel to get through the eye of a needle
than for a rich man to enter the kingdom. If
this argument, so often repeated, has any real
foundation, it may bean open question whether
that class are not already too far gone past sal-
vation to be benefited by a removal of this
temptation, while the loss to the Treasury
would be seriously felt, and to the damage of
other classes. But is this a better argument
for removing the income tax than it is for the
removal of the whisky and tobacco tax, or
for the removal of the tariff altogether, because
some importers make false invoices aud swear
to fraudulent returns ?
Still another argument is that other Gov-
ernments resort to it only in cases*of great
emergency, atid remove it at the first possible
moment, and the first among the taxes. But let
it be borne in mind that these other Govern-
ments are not of the people, nor by the people,
nor for the people. They are ruled by classes,
and for the benefit of classes, and have always
placed the burdens of Government upon the
people and relieved themselves and the class
they represent wherever practicable. The ac-
tion of such Governments should be no guido
to us in regard to a tax of this kind. We are
here in the interests of the people of all classes,
and should be ready to extend relief to all. If
this income tax is removed other and far moro
burdensome taxes must remain to oppress the
masses for the benefit of the more fortunate and
wealthy classcs, who have taxable incomes while
they have not. It is for these and other rea-
sons that I protest against abandoning the only
tax wealth pays to the Government which pro-
tects it, until those who are much less able shall
find greater relief from taxation than can now be
afforded.
Mr. KERB. I move to amend by striking
oat in section thirty-soven the words "$1,500"
and inserting in lieu thereof " $2,000;" so that
1 his tax shall not be levied on incomes of $2,000
or less. I am in favor of the reduction of this
tax to three per cent.; but I am opposed to
any greater reduction. I am decidedly opposed
to the repeal of this tax, because in my judg-
ment it is a fair and just tax. It is, 1 agree,
liable to objections; so are all taxes. It ia
subject to imperfections in the modes of its
collection; so are all taxes. It is in some
respects odious to those who pay it; so are all
taxes. It is sometimes oppressive to those
who pay it; so are all taxes. Whatever objec-
tion may bo made to this tax, the same objec-
tion will apply to almost any other tax in the
list, in a greater or less degree. As in other
cases, the imperfections both in the modes of
imposition and of collection of this tax are
capable of amendment and reform. Let them
be reformed. But do not repeal this tax with-
out an effort to remedy its objectionable fea-
tures. In principle, in my judgment, it is a
fair and righteous burden upon the rich, upon
the earnings of wealth, of massed capital, of
monopolies. It ought to be so reduced as not
to invite evasion or fraud by its excess. It
should be kept within the limit of the true and
reasonable revenue standard. This can be
well determined in time and by experience.
To the revenue it is a most valuable tax,
realizing over thirty million dollars per annum.
It rests lightly upon the people generally. It
is never a burdensome tax, as hundreds of
others are—never a tax very hard to be borne.
It is not like your taxes which fall upon tho
poor, which meet them at every hand, which
add to the price of everything they wear, every-
thing they eat, everything they enjoy in any
way. It is not a horrible incubus upon the
millions who labor and earn but little beyond
the absolute necessaries of life. It does not
cost the people five dollars paid to monopolists
aud Government favorites for every one dollar
it pays to the Treasury, like the outrageous and
unrighteous tariff impositions. It does not add
to the cost of the people's clothing, of their salt,
of their bread, ot their implements of toil. Eo
not remit this tax on incomes, and then turn
round in the interest of protection and demand
more burdens upon every industry and energy
of the people by the increase of your already
infamous tariff. If you are sincere in your
desire to relieve the people, reduce the tariff,
reform its scandalous partiality, abuses, and
favoritism. .
The gentleman from New York :7vvi,
says this income tax is a " war tax. So, let
mo tell him, are more than one hall ol the
