3054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
committee. My own conclusion is that the
report is correct; but I have been requested
by the claimant to present and to have read a
very brief statement of his upon the questions
involved in this controversy, and I think it is
perfectly right to have that read. I will send
it to the desk.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let that be read, and I
presume we can then vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The paper
will be read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
ia*t argument of O. li. Hart, April 20,1870.
When in the Legislature of a State it is proposed
to hold an election for Senator in Congress the first
proceeding should be to ascertain what are the re-
quirements of the law upon the subject. When the
senatorial elections now in question were held there
was and still is but one law governing them, to wit,
the act of Congress " to regulate the times and man-
ner of holding elections of Senators in Congress,"
approved July 25,1806.
If the election is to bo held for the purpose of fill-
ing a vacancy the authority is to be found in the
second section of the law, which direots, among other
things, that the manner prescribed in tho first sec-
tion for the election of a senator for a full term shall
be pursued.
il l ho election is to be for a full term the inquiry
should be whether it is tho proper Legislature or not,
for that is the first requirement of the law. It must
be "tho Legislature chosen next preceding the ex-
piration of tho time for which any person had been
elected to represent said State in Congress." If it is
not such a Legislature, it has no authority of law to
elect a Senator for a full term.
In all those glorious States where secessionists had
no control and could not precipitate the loyal people
into rebellion, where regular sessions of their Legis-
latures have not been interrupted, it has all the tune,
since the enactment of said law, happened that when
there was to bo an election of a benator for a full
term the Legislatures were such as had been " chosen
next proceeding the expiration of the times for which
persons had been elected to represent said States in
Congress," and there noqucstionlike thishas arisen.
The peculiar position into which Florida had been
dragged by the secessionists placed her precisely in
that condition, to wit, that when the Legislature of
1968 was chosen there was no senatorial term "for
which any person had been elected to represent said
State in Congress," and hence that Legislature did
not and could not possess tho authority given by said
law to elect a Senator for a full term, but could act
only under the authority given in the second section
of said law. to elect to fill vacancies.
It is beyond reasonable question that when on said
second Tuesday it undertook to elect the said two
Senators for the vacancies it had no belief that it
could elect one for a full term. The attempt on Fri-
day to do so was the result wholly of an understand-
ing perfected after the said Tuesday, as can be seen
by a careful reading of the journals. (See the reso-
lutions of June IS*. 1868, which show the formation of
a new joint Assembly, not determined on until that
day.) And yet, moved and instigated by influences
then deemed satisfactory, it concluded at last to take
the step; hastily formed another and new joint Assem-
bly without even on that day voting in either house
for a Senator for the full term, bnt only in the joint
Assembly, and thus gave Mr. Gilbert a majority ofthe
votes; who, upon the certificate of the Governor,
there being no one here to then ohject, was admitted.
At the next session an effort was made, under very
influential representations in writing, to hold another
election, and it was defeated by an extraordinary
measure in one of the Houses.
At the last session the Legislature was more suc-
cessful in electing a Senator according to law, as is
seen in my petition and the certificates of the Gov-
ernor accompanying it,and by tho legUIati ve journ als.
O. B. HART.
Mr. HOWE. I simply rise to say that while
my own judgment is in accordance with that
to which the Committee on the Judiciary have
given expression, I wish to surest to the chair-
man of that committee if there be not an
ambiguity in the existing law which might
profitably be corrected. It seems that the
Legislature of one State has been betrayed into
a mistake, betrayed into an attempt to elect a
Senator where there was no vacancy, and it
suggests the possibility that the existing law
might be more accurately stated than it is. I
only make the suggestion for the consideration
of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps that may be so.
Practice often shows that laws are not perfect.
Mr. POMEROY. That question is not
involved in this case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the resolution re-
ported by the committee, declaring Mr. Gil-
sskt duly elected.
The resolution was adopted.
MINING CLAIMS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calen-
dar is now in order. The iirst bill to be con-
sidered to-day is House bill No. 662, which
was ordered to be placed at the head of the
Calendar by unanimous consent yesterday.
| The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. li.
No. 562) to amend "An act granting the right
of way to ditch and canal owners over the
public lands, and for other purposes."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There js an
amendment pending, offered by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Tuumbull.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which
was to insert at the end of the thirteenth sec-
tion the following:
Nor to repeal, impair, or in anyway affect tho pro-
visions of the act granting to A.Sutro tho right of way
and other privileges, to aid in tho construction of a
draining and exploring tunnol to the Comstook lodo
in the State of Nevada, approved July 25,1800.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that amendment
which I offered, instead of coming in at the end
of the thirteenth section, should come in at the
end of the bill, and be changed so as to read:
"That nothing in this act contained shall be
construed to repeal," &c. Let the Secretary
alter the wording of it in that way.
Mr. STEWART. I wish simply to make a
remark. I have told the Senate what the Sutro
tunnel is, and I give notice that it is going to
take, with rapid progress, fifteen years; with
ordinary progress thirty years ; and with Su-
tro's progress, one huudred and fifty years;
that is if the law should be held valid on his
construction, that he is not compelled to com-
ply on his part, but others must comply with
their contract and Congress will not rectify it.
I think I have given notice to those who own
stock in New York, Boston, or elsewhere in
these great mines, that they need not appre-
hend any danger from Sutro ; that his boring
is iu Congress, and not in the rock. He bores
Congress, and there i3 where he tunnels. They
need not be afraid of his tunneling rocks or
mountains. I am entirely satisfied that his
boring is all here. He has bored me for the
last five years. I tried to be a friend of his
as long as he acted with any sort of respect
to the rights of others. But in justification of
myself, after what has been stated, I wish to
make a further remark. This is a House bill.
It is a very beneficial bill, a very good bill,
and it does not relate to the same subject-matter
as the Sutro tunnel. The Sutro act gave him
the right of way and the right to a royalty in
certain mines on the Comstock lode, and was
passed on the 25th day of July, 1866. On the
following day, the general act to which this
is amendatory was passed, and that allowed
owners of quartz veins to obtain a patent. We
extended the preemption system to quartz
veins. At that time I undertook to give an
extended history of the way these titles had
grown up. The act proposed to extend the prin-
ciple of the preemption laws to quartz veins.
I wish to say to the Senate that that act has
been in operation now four years, and so far
as quartz veins are concerned it has proved
very beneficial. The purpose of this bill is to
extend it to placer mines. There was a diffi-
; culty at that time in extending it to placer
! mines, so as to give homes to those who have
, worked attthe diggings of the foot hills of
California and elsewhere where there were
placer mines. They got no title, and they
cannot prosper for that reason. They have
got little orchards and little homes, and we
want them to get title to their property. They
have a placer mine where they can work a
little in the winter, perhaps get a few dollars
to keep along, and then they have a little
orchard and they want one hundred and sixty
acres of this land. Now, for the purpose of
allowing them to get these homes the bill
extends the principle of preemption to these
worn out placer diggings. That is the object
of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I wish to move an amendment
to the second section of the bill, or section
twelve of the amended act, as it is numbered,
by striking out in line seventeen "one hun-
dred and sixty" and inserting " ten -r" and
then at the commencement of line eighteen
inserting "at that rate for any;" so that the
proviso will read:
And provided further. That no location of n. plnccr
claim hereafter mado shall exceed ten acres for any
one person, or at that ruto for uny association of
persons.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that amendment
will not prevail, because then the bill would be
no relief at all. Many of the little gardens
that they want to take in connection with mines
are more than that. There is no reason why
it should not be one hundred and sixty acres,
the same as is given to other people. I hope
the Senator will not press that amendment.
The bill will be useless if it is adopted.
Mr. COLE. This bill is an amendment to a
bill which was passed 
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator desires to
discuss the bill I think it had better go over. I
consented to its being taken tip with the under-
standing that it should not be discussed.
Mr. COLE, I should like to explain my
amendment,
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator desire
to pass the bill?
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to its
passage. I am for it if it can be properly
amended.
Mr. POMEROY. And not without?
Mr. COLE. And not without.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Nevada
does not want it with the amendment. I think
it had better be passed over.
Mr. STEWART. We can voto on these
amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. But we are proceeding
by unanimous consent with the Calendar now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kansas object to the further con-
sideration of the bill?
Mr. POMEROY. I will not object to voting,
but we cannot stop to discuss a bill at length.
Mr. THAYER. I suggest that the Senator
from California be allowed a few moments to
explain his amendments.
Sir. POMEROY. Very well.
Mr. COLE. This is a bill purporting to be
an amendment or rather an addition to a bill
that was passed in 1866 of the same title as
the one described in the one now before the
Senate. That bill related maiiily to quartz
lodes in the mines of the different States and
Territories, not only lodea of gold and silver,
but also of copper and cinnabar, and was in-
tended to enable persons who had possession
of such mines to obtain titles for their pos-
sessions. That bill restricted the operation of
the law for all time to follow its passage in
the amount that might be taken up by any one
person or by an association of persons. As
will be seen by a reference to the law, it re-
stricted the amount upon any lode or vein that
could be taken by any one person to two hun-
dred feet, and with an additional two hundred
feet to the discoverer of the mine, and it re-
stricted associations, no matter how numer-
ous the members of them might be, to three
thousand feet. That amount is small com-
pared with the amount that is covered by my
amendment. I propose to restrict the amount
that may be taken in any placer mine to ten
acres, which in my judgment is a very large
amount to award to any one person in the
mining regions, of mining ground, for we are
speaking and legislating about mines, and not
about agricultural lands.
The bill as it now stands, and without the
amendment, allows one person to take one
hundred and sixty acres of mining ground at
