3998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
present tariff impositions in this country. They
were imposed as "war taxes." Why does
not the gentleman ask that they be lemoved
from the statute-book? Why does he vote to
perpetuate those oppressive taxes, those in-
quisitorial, outrageous burdens which are con-
suming the people's earnings to the extent of
four or five dollars for every dollar that ever
finds its way into the Treasury of the country ?
Why is he not in favor of repealing them ?
Mr. DAVIS. I would vote to repeal them
if the act imposing them contained a solemn
pledge that they should expire with the present
year.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, the "solemn
pledges" made to the country rest very lightly,
I fear, on the judgment of the gentleman from
New York and those who cooperate with him
in this House. If there is any pledge more
solemn than all others, it is that which should
lead the legislators of this country to relieve
the common people of the country from those
burdens which are crushing them, their indus-
tries, and their enterprises into the very earth.
Do not talk about "solemn pledges" when
they are made alone in the interest of the rich,
of corporations, of monopolies, of the amassed
capital and wealth of the country. Talk about
your pledges when they will do good to the
common people, those who are compelled to
pay the enormous burdens imposed by your
tariff system. Keep your solemn pledges to
the country, and give it peace, give it decent,
civil government, give it restored States with
local self-government, give it reformed and
reduced tariff taxes, give it economy and redac-
tion in expenditures; then we will have more
faith in your devotion to pledges.
But the gentleman says that this tax is
"odious." Is not this stamp tax equally
"odious?" Why did not the gentleman and
his friends vote a few moments ago to relieve
the people against the stamp taxes; and why
did they notvote to repeal the tax on matches?
When the question is as to relieving these bur-
dens that come home to the hearthstones of
all the people you have not so much to say
about your "solemn pledges" to the country.
Mr. KELLOGG. The gentleman from New
York and myself both voted to remove that
tax.
Mr. KERR. I do not yield to the gentle-
man to inject into my speech any of his lium-
buggery. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG. I simply wanted to correct
the gentleman.
Mr. KERR. I want to say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctlek] that he is
mistaken when he tells the people of this
country that the income tax comes ultimately
out of the poor. It does not. The gentleman
knows that what he himself pays does not come
out of the poor, but out of his own pocket.
What I pay comes out of nobody's but my own
pockets. The truth is there is no tax in the
entire catalogue that so little affects the poor,
the labor of the country. It is essentially a
burden on prosperous capital, and, with needed
improvements in modes of assessment and col-
lection, can be made a most just and proper
tax.
[Here the hammer fell.]
pay of members, etc.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, by unanimous
consent, Senate amendments to the bill (H.
R. No. 1977) to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for compensation and mileage
of members of the House of Representatives
and Delegates from Territories tot- the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870, were taken from
the Speaker's table, and referred to the Com-
mittee oil Appropriations.
internal tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I trust the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kebr] will not prevail. He pro-
poses to stand by the bill of the committee so
far as the income tax is concerned. I hope
he will also stand by the proposition that the
exemption shall be $1,500, and not $2,000, us
lie now proposes.
I should like, before remarking on this sub-
ject generally, to call attention to these figures.
Leaving out that portion of the income tax
which consists in this.five per cent, from bank,
insurance, and other dividends, what is called
the personal income tax properly, ordinarily
amounts to $25,025,008. If you take the
proposition of the Committee of Ways and
Means and increase the exemption to SI,500
instead of $1,000, as now, you will take off
$5,741,000, leaving $19,284,000. If you take
off $2,000 exemption and leave the five per
cent., then you will reduce it between nine
and ten million dollars and leave less than
$10,000,000 of tax. If you do, as is proposed
in one of the amendments, leave the $1,500
exemption and reduce the five percent, to three
per cent., then you will take off $13,454,000
and leave only $11,571,000 derived irom in-
come tax. The Committee of Ways and Means
propose to leave the five per cent, and to take
off nearly $6,000,000 by increasing the exemp-
tion to $1,500.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis]
makes an erroneous appeal, founded upon his
idea of good faith, because, forsooth, in the
law which imposes the income tax it was pro-
vided that it should continue for a certain
number of years and no longer. Now, I wish
the gentleman from New Yorktobear in mind,
good lawyer as he is, that the doctrine ol'estoppel,
for which he contends and pleads, is one not
much favored in the courts. I wish him to
understand that if it be a strong pledge to say
the tax shall continue two or three years and
no longer, it is a stronger pledge not to put
the tax on at all. He said: because we have
put on a tax and said it should continue so
long and no longer, therefore it is bad faith
to renew that tax or to continue it. If on a
certain thing we put on no tax this year refus-
ing it utterly for a month, or even a day, that
is a much stronger assurance according to
the gentleman's idea, why we should not put
it on next year. The gentleman proves entirely
too much. The truth is, this matter is within
the power of the legislative department at all
times to put on a tax where there has been
none before, or to alter the taxes as to it may
seem best. It is perfectly idle to bring us
down to the I had almost said pettifogging idea
that we are estopped from legislating as we
please for the benefit of the country by either
putting off or putting on in our system of tax-
ation.
The gentleman was perhaps quite as unfor-
tunate, or more so when he referred to the
example of Great Britain. Who are the honor-
able legislators of Great Britain? Gentlemen
of estates and large incomes and the wonder
is they should pay an income tax at all, for it
is a tax on themselves. But their scruples
against taxing themselves have been overcome
by the necessities of their country, and they
have put on from time to time and kept on an
income tax. I do not suppose we, the repre-
sentatives of all classes, of every degree and
condition of life, are to look to these honorable
legislators, honorable though they may be, and
bound by them to follow their example. The
averagemcome, as I am reminded, ofthe mem-
bers of the House of Commons in the British
Parliament is £5,000 a year. It would make
some of us stand up on our legs a little straighter
if we could make the averment in an income
tax return that our average incomes amounted
to the same figures. Therefore I do not think
we should be controlled about an income tax
from theexample of a legislature composed as
is the British Parliament.
The hour of five o'clock p. m. having
arrived, being the time fixed by order of the
House for adjournment, the Speaker declared
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees:
By Mr. ASPER: The petition t>f William
I. Budd, late captain company A. Fremont
Rangers, asking to be paid for horses killed
in battle.
By Mr. COX: The petition of William Geis-
ler and 23 tobacco manufacturers, praying for
a uniform tax of sixteen cents per pound on
all manufactured tobacco and snuff.
By Mr. DEGENEll: A petition of citizens
of Medina county, Texas, against Indians.
Also, the petition of M. G. Anderson, of
Texas, for removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A peti-
tion of tobacco dealers in Massachusetts lor
a uniform tax of sixteen cents on all manufac-
tured tobacco and snuff.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of R. P. Rich-
ardson and 56 others, citizens of Rockingham
county, North Carolina, for a reduction in the
tax on manufactured tobacco.
Also, the petition of John J. Hales, a citizen
of Sumter county, Georgia, for removal of
political disabilities.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of Peter
Ronaple and GO others, citizens of Ohio, ask-
ing Congress to abolish the national banks,
issue $500,000,000 of gold Treasury notes, and
pay off $342,000,000 of bonds.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of P. P.
Adams and 20 others, citizens of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, for a tax of sixteen cents per pound
on manufactured tobacco and snuff.
Also, the petition of B. Ludersdorf and 35
others, citizens of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for
a tax of sixteen cents per pound on manufac-
tured tobacco and snuff.
By Mr. SCHUMAKER: A petition of 200
tobacco manufacturers of the city of Brooklyn,
asking a uniform tax of sixteen cents per pound
on all manufactured tobacco and snuff.
Also, petitions of 100 brewers of malt liquors
of the State of New York, asking for a repeal
of the law classifying brewers of malt liquors
as dealers in spirituous liquors.
By Mr. SLOCUM: A petition of citizens of
Brooklyn, for reduction of tax on manufactures
of tobacco.
By Mr. TILLMAN: The petition of T. B.
Ivy, of Shelbyville, Bedford county, Tennes-
see, for removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. VAN AUKEN: A petition of 51
citizens of Wayne county, Pennsylvania, to
adjust taxes on cigars, tobacco, &c.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 2, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, which was read, as follows:
Treasury Department, June 1, 1870.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a resolution ofthe Senate, in tho following words:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury fur-
msh, for the use of the Senate, a copy of a report
made by Anthony Pollock to the Secretary of tho
Treasury, the last of 18i>3 or beginning of 1364, relat-
ing to the operations of the Bank of England and
i3auk of trance."
In reply, I regret to have to state that upon dili-
gent search the report in question cannot be found
on the files of this Department.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. S. Colfax, Vice President United States, &e.
The letter was ordered to lie on the table.
-petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNBH. I present the petition of Br.
Charles T. Jackson, an eminent man of science
in Boston, setting forth certain services that;
