4942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
tain amendments tbat were to be offered. I
asked leave to report this amendment, and the
chairman of the committee assented to it. I
make that point of order, that under tbat ar-
rangement, and by unanimous consent, ray
amendment is now in order.
Mr. KELSEY. I deny that any consent
was ever given.
Mr. MYERS. I ask that the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations be allowed
to make a statement, lie verifies everything
1 have said.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to discussion.
Tlie CHAIRMAN. While the Chair would
be glad to entertain the amendment of the
chairman of the committee, he must rule it out,
the point of order being insisted on.
Mr. DAWES. 1 ask merely to say a word.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania proposed to
get leave to furnish this document, and I say to
him that it was not necessary.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to discussion.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed bythe Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move the following
amendment:
For special agent to report on the trade between
tlie United States and Ihe dependencies of Great
Britain in North America, as provided lor by joint
resolution approved Juno 2..!, 1870. 61,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no adver-
tisement, notico, or proposal for any executive .De-
partment of tlie (xovcuiment, or for any bureau
thereof, or for any otlice therewith connected, shall
be published iu any newspaper whatever, except in
pursuance of a written authority for such publica-
tion from the head of such Department; and 110 bill
for any such advertising or publication shall be
paid unless there be presented with such bill acopy
of the written authority aforesaid.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not see the neces-
sity for this provision. 1 think ib is in the law
now.
Mr. DAWES. Heretofore the papers in
this city have been in the habit of taking up
the Government advertisements from distant
papers and republishing them under an author-
ity which they suppose to be an old law on the
subject. Under that system large sums have
been paid to these papers. The .Navy and the
War Departments have both sent to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations substantially the same
provision to be inserted in this appropriation
bill. I understand that a considerable sum
was paid last year to these newspapers on this
account.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Cletk read as follows:
Sec. ArJ be d fmther enneierf, That the Bccre-
taiy ol tlie Treasury be, and ho is hereby, directed
to authorize the LuKht-House Board to properly mark
all pier-heads belonging to the U-overnment on the
nonhern and noithv/estern bikes, when completed
or repaired, and duly notified of suetl completion or
repairs by the I)epaitmeut in cbaige of such con-
struction or repairs.
Mr. DAWES. I move to add the following:
And the provision requiring the five or six reve-
nue-cutters on the northern and northwestern lakes
to be laid up is herebyrepealed: and as many as the
Secretary ol the Treasury, in his discretion, shall deem
necessary shaii beputm commission, not exceeding
lour, and shall be especially charged with aiding
vessels in distress on the said takes. And the Sec-
retary of the f reii«ui'y,ni his discretion, shall be, and
i hereby, authorized to sell two of said reveiiue-cuL-
tei.i now upon toe nui'ihern takes for sueli consid-
eration and under sueh regulations as tie may pre-
scribe, and the proceeds be covered in to the Treasury
of the United States.
Mr. BENNETT. I offer the follow big amend-
ment to the amendment:
Strike out in the sixth tine the words " not exceed-
ing four," and all after the vord "hikes'' in the
eighth line.
Mr. DAWES. T thought we had got this
amendment in a form to be satisfactory to all
parties.
Mr. BENNE FT. It is satisfactory so far as
it goes.
Mr. DAWES. I thought we had gone as
far as anybody wanted. I shall be obliged to
withdraw my amendment if the gentleman is
not satisfied with it.
Mr. BENNETT. I desire to offer a few
remarks, and I shall then, if the chairman of
I the Committee 011 Appropriations desires it,
1 withdraw my amendment. There are now on
the Atlantic and the Pacific employed in this
service twenty-eight propellers, and it is pro-
posed that there shall be only four in commis-
sion on the lakes. In connection with this I
desire to call the attention of the committee to
the fact that the tonnage of the lakes is in ex-
cess of the whole Atlantic and coastwise trade.
Under these circumstances I appeal to the
committee whether we shall act wisely in au-
thorizing the sale of two of the six revenue-
cutters which have been on the lakes, to he
used as those tvventy-eiglit propellers 011 the
Atlantic and Pacific are used, to protect the
revenue and aid commerce in heavy weather.
I desire, also, to call the attention of the
committee to another fact, and I especially ask
the attention to it of the chairman of the Com-
mittee 011 Appropriations—a fact that was
stated in tlie Senate Chamber by a gentleman
who is entirely familiar with this whole matter.
He said only a few days ago, from his place in
the Senate, that over forty million dollars'
worthof goods were yearly smuggled by way of
the lakes. I ask, why should we nothave the
protection which the littie pittance expended
on keeping up these revenue-cutters will all'01 d?
But it'you propose to sell any portion of the
revenue-cutters 011 the lakes, 1 wish you to sell
at the same time twenty of the Atlantic and
Pacilic coastwise propellers. Why should you
not do so? I say that it is important, (and
nothing can be more so) for the piotection of
the revenue on the lakes to put the whole of
these propellers in commission. Jf you do
not, tragical results will follow your neglect. 1
wish to state, and 1 call tlie attention of the
chairman of the committee to the fact, what
one of these vessels did in 18GG iu the way of
aiding the revenue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS obtained the floor, and said: I
am iu favor of the amendment of my colleague,
[Mr. Buxnett,] and yield to him the rest of
my tune.
Mr. PAINE. I raise the point of order that
that is not allowable. I must object to the
gentleman speaking five minutes in favor of
the amendmentandthen five minutcsagainst it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point ol order raised by the gentleman from
Wisconsin.
Mr. BENNETT. Then I must ask the in-
| dulgence of the committee to continue my
i remarks for a tew minutes longer.
I 'There was no objection.
[ Mr. BENNETT. 1 simply wish to call the
{ attention of the chairmen of the Committee
i on Appropriations and of the Committee of
! the Whole to what the Commodore Perry did
1 in 1806; and then I will challenge any man to
| say that a revenue-cutter is not of service 011
! our lakes. It appears from a statement before
I uie that the Commodore Perry, while in com-
j mission iu that year, made sixty-one hundred
1 and twenty-lour miles, and that her small boats,
■ when sent out 011 duty, made some seven liun-
' dred imies more. These cutters have a number
i of small boats which they send out provisioned
i lor six, eight, or ten days. Those boats are
' constantly on the lookout for smuggling. That
j vessel, during the short period 1 have meii-
■ tioned, was applied to by collectors of customs
i in one hundred and eighteen cases to come to
; their aid; and more than this, she boarded
; vessels in four hundred and four cases. This
' fact shows how these vessels are useful in pre-
i venting smuggling.
\ Another very important service which they
render is the protection of our commerce after
| heavy weather. During last year we lost more
than :33,000,()0U of our lake commerce in that
' way. If we bad had vessels to protect our
commerce, as the Commodore Peiry did in
1800, the relief afforded would have been in-
calculable.
Mr. DAWES. I merely desire to state that
originally the Secretary of the Treasury pro-
posed to sell four of the six revenue-cutters,
and sent in a bill for that purpose to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. Afterward gentle-
men more interested than I am and more famil-
iar with the necessities of the lakes than I can
be went to the Secretary and had a conference
with him, and made such representations to
him that it was finally agreed between them
that he should have authority to sell two of
them and leave the others in commission for
the purposes indicated by tlie gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Bexsmt.] Now, I do not
propose to antagonize the gentleman from New
York on this subject. 1 thought the matter
was entirely understood between him and other
gentlemen on the borders of the lakes and the
Secretary of the Treasury. If that is not so, 1
will withdraw my amendment and leave the
matter withoutlegislation. I think the gentle-
man from New York can well trust this with
the Secretary of the Treasury. The amend-
ment does not require him to sell these cutters
now; but, if the necessities of the country will
justify his selling two of them I do not think
there is any harm in giving him that authority.
Mr. BENNETT. That is just what I pro-
pose to do.
Mr. DAWES. I will modify my amend-
ment, by striking out the words " not exceed-
ing four."
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object to that modifi-
cation. I hope the committee will not agree
to any modification of this amendment. It
will be remembered that 011 the 20th of June
I submitted to the House a letter ftom the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, dated February 9, rec
omuiending the sale of four of these revenue-
eutters. At the same time a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury was communicated
to the House, dated on the 2Gth of May last,
v.-hieh will be found in Senate Executive Docu-
ment No. 93, second session Forty First Con-
gress, and accompanying it is a report of a
commission which recommended that four of
the revenue-cutters be put in commission and
that two be sold. 1 am perfectly willing to
accede now to this latter recommendation of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and put four of
these revenue-cutters in commission, and sell
two; we ought to sell two of them; four will
be enough to answer every purpose, and the
other two are utterly unnecessary for the pur-
pose.
It will be remembered that these revenue-
cutters were constructed during the progress
of the war, and we put them 011 the lakes be-
cause by our treaty wttli Great Britain we had
agreed that we would not put war steamers on
the lakes; and in order to put something on
the lakes that would not violate the treaty we
put 011 a large class of revenue-cutters, which
in case of a sudden emergency could be eon-
verted into war steamers, in case England or
Canada should come down upon us, "wbieh they
did not happen to do. Now, when we have
got through our difficulties, we find that these
revenue-cutters are utterly unnecessary for the
revenue service, and they are costing us"$10.000
each a year to keep them lying at the wharves
and doing nothing; and while they are thus
costing us 810,000 a year they are rotting at
the wnarves. It is much better to sell them
and get what we can for them.
Mr. CONGER. I am somewhat surprised
that a gentleman coming from a State border-
ing on the lakes should object to a measure for
the protection of the lakes.
Mr. LAWRENCE. 1 know it is against the
practice here. I know the practice is to get all
you can, whether you need it or not.
_ Mr. CONGER. That is not the practice, and
rt does not come well from the gentleman from
Ohio to say so.
Mr. LA\\<liENCE. That is so, nevertheless.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman will
give me a moment of my own time; I am not
eloquent, but I can talk. There is upon the
