1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. SCHURZ presented several petitions of
citizens of Missouri, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. FERRY presented a memorial of Hen-
nason & Becklev, of New Britain, Connecticut,
praying a reduction of the duty on steel; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Mary F. Prindle, praying to be allowed arrears
of pensions ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged with, and
have the honor to present, a petition numer-
ously signed by citizens of this District, re-
spectable both in number and character, ask-
ing that some law may be passed at this session
of Congress relating to tippling-houses and
drinking saloons in the District. They ask
that these manufacturing establishments, where
drunkards are made, may be dried up entirely.
I move that this petition be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, who
have this subject in charge. I had the honor
myself to present one or two bills to that com-
mittee, and I hope we may get an early report.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I present a memorial
largely signed by citizens of Pennsylvania, in
favor of proteciion to American labor. These
memorialists announce it as their belief that
the pretended statistics of Commissioner Wells
will be found erroneous and his conclusions
are a libel on American mechanics and work-
ingmen, and his recommendations would be
a most dangerous guide to legislation ; and the
memorialists respectfully ask that a special
and searching examination be made of the
statements and allegations in his report and of
the data on which they are based, that the
truth may be made public and error, however
strongly indorsed, dispelled. I move the ref-
erence of this memorial to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON also presented the peti-
tion of Joseph Ormsby, father of Edward J.
Ormsby, company I, sixty-ninth Pennsylvania
volunteers, praying to be allowed arrears of
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of George
Latimer, late United States consul at San Juan,
Porto Rico, praying the passage of an act to
direct payment of his salary as such consul
while he discharged the duties of the office;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
He also presented the petition of Brevet
Major General Lorenzo Thomas, United States
Army, asking the enactment of a law retiring
him on the rank of a major general; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of officers
and members of the Luzerne County Medical
Society, praying the enactmeut of a law con-
ferring upon the medical officers of the Navy
such relative rank and privileges in the ser-
vice as will protect them against the arbitrary
conduct of superior officers; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying the
enactment of a law conferring on staff officers
of the Navy such relative rank and privileges
as will not impair the efficiency of the service ;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affai rs.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the grant-
ing nf the petition of George H. Corliss for the
extension of his letters-patent of March 10,
1BW, tor improvements in the steam-engine;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
He also presented nine petitions of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. CAMERON. I also present a petition,
very largely signed by citizens of the counties
of York and Lancaster, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, farmers, who believe that the late
decision of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue in relation to the sales of farmers who
send their own or their neighbors' products to
market, to be burdensome and not intended by
the law, and they desire to have that decision
overruled or the provision of the law repealed.
I move its reference to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I also present a petition
from citizens of northwestern Pennsylvania,
containing the names of many hundred signers,
who pray that the Constitution of the United
States may be so amended as to acknowledge
in all things the power of Almighty God, in
government as well as anything else. I move
its reference to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
I The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented four petitions
of citizens of Illinois, praying that provision
be made by law for the compulsory prepay-
ment of all domestic postages ; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. SCOTT. My colleague has just pre-
sented a petition similar to one which I pre-
sented a few weeks ago, and upon which I
based a resolution of inquiry. The answer to
that resolution came in when I was not in my
seat. Had I been in my seat I should have
asked that it lie on the table, as I desired to
make some remarks upon it before it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance. I now
rise to state that at the expiration of the morn-
ing business I shall ask the consent of the
Senate to make those remarks upon that docu-
ment.
Mr. CARPENTER presented the memorial
of Levi W. Pond, of Eau Claire county, Wis-
consin, praying an extension of the letters-
patent for the invention of the "shear rudder-
boom which was referred to the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citizens
of Nebraska, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table._
Mr. ANTHONY presented the remonstrance
of the Providence Tool Company against the
granting of the petition of John Young for
extension of his letters-patent for washing-
machines ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a memorial of
the Louisville convention on the cotton supply
and reclamation of the alluvial lands of the
! Mississippi valley which was referred to the j
I Committee on Commerce. !
i Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of im- j
I porters and manufacturers, praying that the I
! duty on nitrate of potash, nitrate of soda, and !
chlorate of potash may be wholly removed; J
which was referred to the Committee on Fi- ;
nance. [
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of I
Henry C. Weatherby, of LaMotte, Iowa, pray- I
ing for a pension ; which was referred to the !
Committee on Pensions. I
Mr. VICKERS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maryland, praying for the abolition of J
the franking privilege; which was ordered to |
lie on the table. j
Mr. LEW IS presented the petitions of Robert
Howard, JosephS. Duckwall,RobertH.Isbell,
and James R. Fisher, of Richmond, Virginia;
of John T. Hall and James F. Milligan, of
Norfolk, Virginia; of James F. Patterson, of
Staunton, Virginia; of Robert Sitlington, of
Highland ^ounty, Virginia; of Absolom Koiner,
of Fisherville, Virginia ; of A. M. Newman,
of Harrisonburg, Virginia; of J. N. Buffy, of
Rockingham, Virginia; and of William Eley
and William R. Ellis, of Suffolk, Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of H.
W. Pilton, praying a reduction of the duty on
spring, tire, calking, and plow-steel; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition
of J. M. Elford, of South Carolina, praying
for the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of J. M.
Davis, of Orange county, Virginia; of Samuel
Preston Moore, of Richmond, Virginia; of
Thomas W. Johns, of Appomattox county,
Virginia; of Austin G. Pamplin, of Nelson
county, Virginia; of Robert Whitehead, of
Nelson county, Virginia; of Horace M. Lov-
ing, of Nelson county, Virginia; of John J.
Richard, of Culpeper county, Virginia; of
Joseph K. Pendleton, of Louisa county, Vir-
ginia; of Thomas R. Love, of Fairfax county,
Virginia; of William S. Brown, of King
George county, Virginia; of R. H. Carter, of
Fauquier county, Virginia; of E. M. Garnett,
of Richmond, Virginia; of N. B. Gray, of
Russell county, Virginia; of A. P. Routt, of
Liberty Mills, Virginia ; of Nathan B. Harvey,
of Charlotte county, Virginia; of Coalman D.
Bennett, of Pittsylvania county, Virginia ; of
Philip A. Eichelberger, of Edgefield county,
South Carolina; of W. L. Owen, of Halifax
county, Virginia; of B. Pollard, of Richmond,
Virginia; of E. H. Coleman, of Amelia county,
Virginia; of F. F. Fauntleray, of Frederick
county, Virginia; of Edward M. Davis, of
Alexandria county, Virginia; of A. J. Nich-
olas, of Rockingham county, Virginia; of E.
F. Montague, of Virginia; of Joseph H. Shue,
of Rockingham county, Virginia; of William
McK. Wartman, of Rockingham county, Vir-
ginia; of Joseph T. Logan, of Rockingham
county, Virginia; of H. H. Marshall, of Rich-
mond, Virginia; of A. S. Gray, of Rocking-
ham county, Virginia; of W. H. Davis, of
Dooly, county, Georgia; of B. H. Magruder,
of Albemarle county, Virginia; of Lewis B.
Williams, of Orange county, Virginia; of
Charles F. Suttle, of Alexandria, Virginia; of
JohnH. Suttle, of Stafford county, Virginia;
of Granderson Mosely, of Buckingham county,
Virginia; of F. P. Turner, of Richmond, Vir-
ginia; of Nathaniel Riddick, of Nansemond
county, Virginia; of George W. Lewis, of West-
moreland county, Virginia ; of Thomas T. Hill,
of Culpepper county, Virginia; of Edward
Sangster, of Alexandria, Virginia; of M. W.
Barr, of Louisville, Jefferson county, Ken-
tucky ; of James Sangster, of Fairfax county,
Virginia; of T. M. White, of Alexandria, Vir-
ginia; of George R. Head, of Loudoun county,
Virginia; of \V. H. Browne, of Stafford county,
Virginia; of Herman Bokum, of Atlanta,
Georgia; of Edward S. Hough, of Alexan-
dria, Virginia; of A. Graham, of Rockbridge
county,Virginia ; of Ran. D. Cushen, of Rock-
ingham county, Virginia; of William H. Ham-
rick, of Rockingham county, Virginia; of N.
P. Howard, of Richmond, Virginia; of John
W. Minor, of Loudoun county, Virginia; of
Daniel M. Harris, of Nelson county, Virginia;
of John Powell, of Fairfax county, Virginia;
of W. H. Dulaney, of Alexandria, Virginia;
of F. W. Miller, of Fincastle, Virginia; of P.
Ii. Grattan, of Richmond, Virginia; of John C.
Hunter, of Alexandria, Virginia; of Charles
E. Stuart, of Alexandria, Virginia ; of Ed-
ward Waller and Monroe Kelly, ot Stafford
county,Virginia ; of William Waller, of Lynch-
burg, Virginia; of James F. Divine, of Lou-
doun county, Virginia; of Silas B. Hunton, of
Fauquier county, Virginia; of James Fosset,
of Alexandria, Virginia ; of John Summers,
of Alexandria, Virginia; of James, M. Will-
cox, of Charles City county, Virginia; of
Elijah Baker, of Henrico county, Virginia;
of John D. Alexander, of Campbell county,
