mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
153
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Reduction of the Army—Mr. Logan.
Ho. of Reps.
have spoken to me this morning say that we
must not cut down the pay of the General of
the Army. Well, if Congress does not, want
to cut down the pay of the General, Congress
need not do it; but I would just as soon cut
down the pay of one officer of this Govern-
ment as of anotherif that pay is too much. He
lives in his own house, which was presented to
him, and draws for commutation of his quar-
ters, fuel added, $3,420. The tax-payeVs will
want to understand howthis is, that they pay so
much rent to a man for living in his own house.
Now will any man tell me why the General
of your Army, and that Army only thirty-seven
thousand strong, should receive $19,000 and
upward a year, when the Chief Justice of the
Supremo Court, who has to sit upon the bench
day after day and month after month, and
labor as hard as a man can, gets only $6,500,
and the associate justices $G,000? Your
Speaker of the House gets only $8,000, and
the Vice President, who is the next highest
officer to the President of the United States,
only gets $8,000 a year, and all the Cabinet
officers $8,000 each. The Secretary of War
commands the General in theory, and only gets
less than half the salary.
Now, if you will tell me why a man who
does not rank as high, so far as office is con-
cerned, as the Vice President of the United
States, shall receive $19,000 and upward a
year, while the Vice President receives but
88,000, I would bo glad you would do so; for
I can see no good reason for it. It seems to
me that $12,000 a year is a fair salary for any
man in this country who holds any office lower
than President. It is a higher salary than is
now given to any officer of the Government
except the President.
General Sherman is a man for whom I have
always entertained the highest respect as a mil-
itary man. T am willing he should have all
the credit to which he is entitled. But because
1 am willing to give him credit as a great gen-
eral, that is no reason why I should tax the
wooden-legged and one-armed men, and the
widows and orphans of this country, to pay him
more than double that which is paid to the
Chief Justice or the Vice President, when he
does not hold so high an office as they do.
But if you undertake to touch his salary the
little papers down here in the city will pitch
into you and say that you want to attack a
brave general. Now, I do not want to do any
such thing. But I say that the tax-payers are
having an attack made on them ; and you must
look to it that they are not burdened to death
for the benefit of a few individuals, who ought
to be satisfied with their honors and a com-
petency, without asking to be surfeited with
riches.
We propose also to cut the salary of the
Lieutenant General from $14,000 to $10,000.
Wo propose that General Sheridan shall have
the sum of $10,000 a year, which it seems to
me is a fair salary for a young man without a
family. [Laughter.] Yet some say that it
will be hard if we do not give General Sheri-
dan $14,000 a year. Now, why should we pay
him $14,000 a year? For eminent services,
it is said, rendered in the past. If you pro-
pose to pay people for past services, there are
thousands of cripples in this land who have
often appealed to you for pay for past services.
And what did they get but a poor pittance
that will hardly buy bread? And yet they are
men who have served their country as faith-
fully, though with not so much military ability,
perhaps, yet with just as much patriotism and
love of country as any of these officers.
When these men are given a fair salary,
after the country has bestowed upon them the
highest positions in the Army, after Congress
has gone a step further—in my judgment a step
too far—and made offices that even Washing-
ton never aspired to and never held, that Scott
never aspired to and never held, I think they
should be satisfied. It may be that these men
have shown themselves greateT warriors than
were Washington and Scott; yet Seott was a
good soldier, and so was Washington. When,
therefore, we have conferred upon these men
honors to which no man ever before aspired in
this country, I think Congress is doing well in
giving them even as much as is proposed by this
bill. It will enable them to support themselves
and families in comfort. It will enable them to
mix in society if they desire so to do. But it is
said if you cut down the pay of these men they
cannot give receptions; they cannot entertain
company. Gentlemen, the tax-payers of this
country do not intend to pay taxes for the pur-
pose of allowing these officers or others to give
receptions. They are willing to be taxed for
the legitimate wants of the country. But when
you tax them for the purpose of enabling these
officers to make a display they will repudiate
you and tell you that they are not to be taxed
for any such purpose.
We further propose that the pay of colonel
shall be $3,500; the pay of lieutenant colonel
shall be $3,000; the pay of major shall be
$2,500; the pay of captain, mounted, shall be
$2,000; the pay of captain, not mounted, shall
be $1,800; the pay of adjutant shall be $1,800;
the pay of regimental quartermaster shall be
$1,800 ; the pay of first lieutenant, mounted,
shall be $1,600; the pay of first lieutenant,
not mounted, shall be $1,500; the pay of
second lieutenant, mounted, shall be $1,500;
the pay of second lieutenant, mounted, shall
be $1,500; the pay of second lieutenant, not
mounted, shall be $1,400; the pay of chaplain
shall be $1,200; the pay of aide-de-camp to
majorgeneralshall be $200per annum in addi-
tion to pay of his rank; the pay of aide-de-camp
to brigadier general shall be $150 per annum
in addition to pay of his rank; the pay of
acting assistant commissary shall be $100 in
addition to pay of his rank-. And it is pro-
posed that these sums shall be in full of all
commutation of quarters, fuel, forage, ser-
vants' wages and clothing, longevity rations,
and all allowances of every name and nature
whatever, and shall be paid monthly by the
paymaster.
Then it is proposed by the committee to
amend this bill so as to provide that quarters
and forage may be furnished to officers, but
that when they are not furnished to oifieers
that no commutation shall be given. We also
propose to make another amendment, that after
five years' service in the Army, instead of the
longevity rations which they now draw they
shall have ton per cent, added to their pay of
rank under brigadier general, which addition
shall go on until a colonel's pay, with the ten
per cent, addition, shall be $4,500 a year, and
no more. We provide that when this addition
has continued twenty-five years, and the pay
has reached a certain amount, the increase
shall stop, and the officer shall not draw any
higher amount.
1 wish now to state some other amendments
which we propose to offer during the consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman whether the pay of the officers of the
Army—major generals, brigadier generals, and
lower grades of officers—is not, precisely the
same as it was before the war, with the excep-
tion of three dollars per month additional for
servants' ppy, and $0 50 instead of two dol-
lars for commutation of clothing.
Mr. LOGAN. As I understand the gentle-
man, he means to ask whether the pay proper
of these officers is not- the same as itwas before
the war.
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. Of course the pay proper is
the same. I have already said so. But the
increase is made by sticking on these various
allowances.
Mr. KELLOGG. Well, is the pay increased
any more than by allowances for clothing and
for pay to servants?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know how the
increase is made. I have not examined tha,t
point; but I wish to call the attention of gen-
tlemen to one point. Here are various major
generals, General Thomas, General Meade,
and others, who served during the war and who
are drawing to-day $9,000ayear,whileduring
the war, when they were exposed every day to
the fire of the enemy, they drew only $0,000
a year. Six thousand dollars was the pay of a.
major general on duty in front of the enemy
with the chance of having his head blown off,
while the pay of a major general in quarters in
time of peace is $9,000.
Mr. KELLOGG. One more question. If
the pay of these officers has been swelled to
$9,000 is it not on account of the allowances
for rent and fuel?
Mr. LOGAN. Of course those items are
a part. The pay is swelled by allowances for
forage, rations, fuel, and everything you can
imagine. The pay proper is only a little over
two thousand dollars a year. We do not want
the pay made up in this way any longer. By
the present system the pay of officers of the
same grade is in some cases $9,000and in other
cases only $7,000.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 do not wish to inter-
rupt the gentleman ; bat I would like to ask
him one more question. Before the war did
not these officers, when in the field, receive the
same allowances for rent and fuel which they
now have?
Mr. LOGAN. They had tho same amount
of quarters ; but when the gentleman says they
had the same allowance for rent and fuel I think
ho will find himself mistaken.
Mr. KELLOGG. Is not the commutation
for quarters the same?
Mr. LOGAN. The amount for commutation
of quarters has been increased in this way:
since the war the quartermasters have fixed
the price of quarters and fuel at such exorbi-
tant rates as to make a large increase in those
officers' pay. That is the manner in which it,
is done.
Mr, PAINE. Will the gentleman allow tne
a question?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. PAINE. Is the gentleman quite sure
that the officers of thequartermaster's depart-
ment fix the rate of commutation for fuel and
quarters? I had supposed it to be fixed now,
as it was formerly, by tho War Department,
unless the Army regulations themselves fix it.
Mr. LOGAN. Of course it is fixed nom-
inally by the Secretary of War; but in fact
the Secretary of War never has anything to
do with the matter. It is referred to the quai-
termaster's department, where it is fixed. The
gentleman, by going to the Wm Department,
will find this to be the fact; but it does not
make any difference where the pay is fixed.
Another amendment which I propose to otter
on behalf of the committee is to provide—
That no officer of tho artillery corps below tho
grade of field officer shall hereafter ho promoted to
a higher grade before hnvnj;.: passed a satisfactory
examination before a board of three military ofaeei-i
senior to him in rank, to be appointed by tho Secre-
tary of War- Should the officer fail m said examina-
tion he shall be suspended from promotion one yea:,
when ho shall be reexamined, and upon a second
failure he shall bo dropped trenr the rollrf of ; I;
Army.
The reason for this is: the artillery of the
Army having ordnance in charge, and there
being a necessity for them to understand ord-
nance, to know all about guns and shells and
ammunition, and everything of that sort, with
a view to the safety of the troops when in
