1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2111
seriously entertained by Congress. It is, in my
judgment, an inexcusable violation of decent
principle to legislate in this piecemeal, partial,
and sectional manner. The whole system of
tariff and other taxation demands reform in
the interests of all the people and of all sec-
tions of the country, and to relieve all classes,
industries, and sections, with some attempt at
least to approximate equality. Such legisla-
tion as these bills propose can only aggravate
existing evils. Better invite all foreign-built
vessels to assume American registration and
colors, and let our citizens purchase vessels
where they please. Bat it were better still to
remove all tariff tax from all the materials
used in the construction of vessels at once. If
eastern or western ship-building is to be re-
lieved, and no man would more heartily rejoice
if it could be done than I, why not at the same
time provide by law for the relief of the vast
railroad interests of the country? Why not
mitigate the burdens on the agricultural in-
terests? Why select and relieve one at the
expense of all the others?
But an additional proof of the absurdity, if
not insincerity, of those baseless assumptions
consists in the fact that in the contracts which
have been recently made with parties in New
York and Boston for supplies of Nova Scotia
coal it is expressly stipulated that in case the
duty of $1 25 in gold is removed during the
continuance of the contracts a deduction of
two thirds the amount of the duty so taken off
shall be made from the contract price. This
and all such facta are fatal to the pretense of
the protectionists that imposts are not taxes.
BESSEMER STEEL.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kku.uy,J in his desperate search
after plausibilities to cast, into the eyes of the
people in justification of the legalized grand
larceny contained in our tariff laws, tells tliem
in his late speech that the establishment in
Pennsylvania of a few works for the manufac-
ture of Bessemer steel under the hot-bed nurs-
ing of "protection" was the cause of the
recent reduction of the price of this product
in Europe. He might as well attempt to per-
suade us that the exotic cultivation of a few
pounds of tea in Tennesson would alarm the
great tea-growing countries of the East, or
the production of a lew oranges in the public
conservatoriosinthis city would alarm the fruit-
growers of tho tropics, and cause a reduction in
prices of tea and oranges.
The absurdity of the statement is shown
by the fact that at the time the reduction ot
juice referred to was made, the product of
Bessemer steel in the different countries of (Su-
rope approximated 500,000 tons per annum,
while at the present time the entire product in
this country is not in excess of !i(),000 tons,
and at that time it was probably less than
15,000 tons per annum. The weakness of the
gentleman's assumption is farther apparent in
tho fact that it presupposes a concert of action
among the manufacturers of Great Britain,
France, Belgium, Prussia, and Russia to keep
up (he price against the American manufac-
turer. But all intelligent men well understand
that no such union or concert is possible among
the manufacturers of Europe of different nation-
alities, and that they all compete against each
other and all the world in all markets open
to their products, whether in Europe, in the
United States, India, or South America. The
reduction in the price of Bessemer steel is
wholly due to improvements in the machinery
and processes of manufacture and the ex-
piration of the term of an important English
patent, and has never been influenced in the
slightest appreciable degree by the establish-
ment of a few works in this country. I shall
refer again to this steel manufacture.
importance op irox ax1> stk15l to till; 1'isoplk.
It is impossible to exaggerate the importance
of iron and steel, and especially the latter, to
every productive interest of the people. Their
infinitely diversified products and forms of
usefulness make them the ever-present instru-
mentalities and agents in almost every pursuit
of civilized man, in every kind of production,
in every improvement, in the processes of toil,
in every increase in the effective energies of
society, in every material advaneementof civil-
ization; and in all their forms they are always
used as means to an end—-never an end in
themselves. Ln other words, they are always
substantially raw materials, and should be as
free and cheap as possible. Whatever burdens
them burdens every form of industry and pro-
duction. Taxes imposed upon them are taxes
on the innumerable forms of utility into which
they are converted by human art and skill. A
tax on iron and steel is a tax on every railroad,
locomotive, wagon, plow, shovel, hoe, ax,
watch, sewing-machine, stove, or other thing,
into tho construction of which they enter, and
is therefore also a tax on every other thing of
value produced by the aid of such things.
Thus, a tax on plows is also indirectly a tax
on all that plows contribute to produce, be-
cause it aggravates their cost; a tax on rail-
roads is a tax on all that railroads carry, for
the cost of such roads determines their rates
for transportation ; a tax on lumber, nails, and
carpenters' tools, is a tax on houses ; a tax on
woolens, leather, and lurs, is a tax on clothing,
shoes, and hats, and therefore isa tax on every-
body.
PROPOSED 11IT.I,—rnKE (.1ST—TEA, CUITLT, SUOAR.
Now, Mr. Chairman, let us see what curious
ways this IIouso, this Committee of Ways and
Means have of illustrating their solicitude for
the welfare of the people, and in tiie same
connection let us analyze some of the provis-
ions of the pending bill, which seems to excite
the admiration of tins few iu whose interest it
is proposed, and ascertain if it does not deserve
the deep anathemas of the many, the millions,
the toilers, the tax-payers, the consumers of the
taxed and tariff ridden productsof the country.
It proposes some additions to the free list,
but, when closely examined, it is found that
they aie of such articles as will afford very little
lelief lo the countty or to any of its general
interests or industries. The aggregate annual
customs collected from the imports now pro-
posed to he put upon the free list will not ex-
ceed $!!,000,000, and the indirect savings to the
people would be inconsiderable. They make
a .somewhat pretentious array of articles, but
are chiefly delusive as to results. Tho most
important of them are proposed in the inter-
ests of the manufacturers. It places anthracite
coal on the free list, when practically no such
coal exists outside of the United States, and
there is no proof that a single pound of it, has
ever been imported into the country. Ill 1808,
I he duty collected on bituminous coal imported
from abroad was $ 102,52U 56, and on all other
rout, £;J0 101 That is a fair illustration of the
justice and magnanimity of protectionists.
Mr. KELIjKY . 1 ask the gentleman lo
yield for a slight correction there.
Mr. KKR.lt. I will.
Mr. ICHLLI3Y. Tho States on the Pacific
u>a t have commenced the importation of an-
thracite coal from CJuccn Chailotte Island, on
which a very fine deposit has been found. The
gentleman reads the income from the first
returns received.
Mr. IvERR. ^ Ifow much has been imported ?
Mr. KELI,h\. I do not know how much
was imported in 186ft. The importation com-
menced in JSCS.
Mr. KERR. Does the gentlemen know that
the last monthly reportfrom the Treasury makes
! no mention of such an importation?
| Mr. KELLE1. I do not, because I have
| not examined it. But I know the general fact
| which 1 have stated.
| -Mr. KERR. But the gentleman's general
, fact, is ol very little consequence unless lie I
I knows what has been imported. The country '
I will prefer to follow the public reoords of the |
proper department. The last report states the
amount of imported bituminous coal, but not
a pound of anthracite.
It proposes some reduction in the duties on
tea, coffee, and sugar; but let us see to what
end and with what effect, to whose advantage
and to what extent. The present duties on
these articles are: on coffee 5 cents per pound,
equal to about48 per cent, ad valorem; and on
tea 25 cents per pound, equal to about 79 per
cent, ad valorem; and on Muscovado, com-
mon, or raw sugar, 3 cents per pound ; on the
first grade of clarified sugar 8 J cents per pound;
and on the other two grades of refined sugar
4 and 5 cents per pound respectively. The pro-
posed duties are: on teas 20 cents per pound;
on coffee 4 cents per pound ; on the raw sugars
2 cents per pound; on the first grade of clari-
fied sugar 8 cents per pound; and on the other
grades of refined sugar 4 and 5 cents per pound
respectively. The duties collected from these
articles are least injurious or oppressive to the
people or their productive interests and capaci-
ties, and they have no tendency to erect monop-
olies or favored classes, or to corrupt legisla-
tion, and nearly all their increased cost on
account of the duties is paid into the Treasury
and not into the pockets of the wealthy monop-
olists, except as I will hereafter explain. The
amount of these articles imported, the amount
of revenue derived from them, and their cost
to the people per capita, are indicated in the
following table:
® a H
s. y-j C O o
5 2s 8 & p
F  3 « :
p" on to o
o- a-
< %
co c.3
& £
co >-* k-4
-I S oj
05 -T
-f ol
ci c73
; o b £T
cr.vj :
f© c
B't
p 2 ^
2 £ ©
! els 3
S ^
x o ©
p.S5 ,
s ^ ® 5r
*3 5T 2 <6
S-*® ^3  
e3
HO©
CO CO
C3
?£> O
Co —
p
Ci —
IS
cc o>
s-s
2* ft
<q ^
1 £
•§ a.
8S-
© a
3$
a*
s
