1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3999
he rendered on the application of the United
States district, attorney, services of a profes-
sional character, in making an analysis of the
digestive organs and their contents of the late
Captain Israel S. Bunce, of the American bark
Betsey, for the discovery of poison alleged to
have been given to him by two persons then
in the custody of the United States. For this
service he has never been paid, although the
legal officers of the United States represent that
it was rendered and that it ought to be paid.
I move the reference of the petition to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The mjtion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of B. T.
Swart, praying for compensation for the use
of his property in Washington county, District
of Columbia, by the engineer department of
the Army of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. OSBORN presented a petition of citizens
of Petisacola, Florida, praying for a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad in
Escambia county, Florida ; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of L.
J. Lebarbe, heir, and for the co-heirs of Lewis
Leroy, praying to be indemnified for spoliations
committed by the French prior to theyear 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of A.
L. Hay, of Shreveport, Louisiana, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
J. H. Hutchins, of Galveston, Texas, and the
petition of Ira M. Camp, of Grimes county,
Texas, praying for the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. HARLAN. I present a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, suggesting amend-
ments to a treaty with the Cherokee nation of
Indians; and I move that the letter, with the
accompanying papers, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
659) for the relief of A. A. De Long, reported
it with an amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 195G) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue a register to the schooner
Cavallo Marino, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, who were instructed by a resolu-
tion of the Senate to inquire into the expe-
diency of providing for holding terms of the
United States courts at Staunton and Wythe-
vilie, Virginia, reported a bill (S. No. 962)
requiring a United States circuit court to be
held at Wytheville, in the State of Virginia,
and fixing the terms thereof, and of the dis-
trict court; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (IT. R. No. 340) to ex-
tend the provisions of an act to provide fur-
ther remedial justice in the courts of the Uni-
ted States, approved August 29,1842, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 123) allowing late Acting
Ensign George M. Smith a share in certain
prizes captured by the United States steamer
Aries, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. U. No. 191) granting an Ameri-
can register to the British-built bark Busy,
reported it without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FLANAGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 9G3) to encourage the construction of the
International Pacific railroad and telegraph
through Texas and Mexico ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S.
No. 964) prescribing the quality and price of
illuminating gas and for the inspection of gas
meters in the city of Washington ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. II. No. 208) relative to claims
of certain northern creditors; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to submit an amend-
ment intended to be offered to the bill (S. No.
25G) in relation to bridges across the Ohio
river, and I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I send a resolution to the
Chair.
LEVEES OP TIIE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. CAMERON. As the business of the
morning hour seems to be over, I ask now to
put on its passage a little bill 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Resolu-
tions are now in order, and the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Harris] offers a resolution,
wliieh will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commereo be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of taking
measures by the General Government to rebuild the
levees upon the lower Mississippi river which wero
destroyed during the late war; and that said com-
mittee have leave to report at the next session of
Congress, by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the resolution.
There being no objeotion, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, the question
of levees along the banks of the lower Mis-
sissippi has been occasionally considered in
this Chamber, yet not sufficiently to give full
idea of its importance, or to bring it out of
the comparatively narrow range of local and
sectional affairs into its true position of broadly
national interest and value worthy the atten-
tion and just aid of the Federal Government.
On the 25th of July, 18G8, I had the honor to
offer the resolution to which I now wish to call
your attention by a brief statement of its
importance.
Our situation in Louisiana and the region
adjacent on the lower Mississippi is peculiar
in its physical aspects. The great highway to
and from the vast upper basin passes at our
doors. Build railroads as we may, a great nav-
igable river will always be a highway; immense
freights will pass over it, and travelers will
delight in the comfort and luxury it offers
them. The Mississippi valley is two fifths of
our national domain ; the river and its tribu-
taries afford a water-carriage of more than
sixteen thousand miles, forming a system of
river navigation unequaled in the world, and
with a commerce which is so immense as to
startle the imagination.
In 18G0 the foreign commerce of the United
States was $700,000,000; but in ]8G5the trade
of nine cities on the Mississippi and its trib-
utary, the Ohio, was $747,000,000, and the
annual commerce of the Mississippi valley is
now estimated at $2,000,000,000. Ofthisgreat
trade a large amount is through this river. The
products of distant farms and forests come to
us from the far North, and the products of in-
land mines and factories and workshops are
to come, in untold quantity and variety, in the
future. Our cotton and sugar and fruits go up
the river, and the products of distant foreign
lands are transhipped to the interior. We are
thus linked in fortune and interest to millions
of people, and whatever adds to our wealth
and security, or to the area of our rich soil,
adds to their resources as welt.
_A score of mighty rivers, each wiih its many
tributaries, join to swell the tide of many waters
that sweeps past us to the Gulf, and the re-
straint and safe direction of which is too import-
ant to the country to be left to private caprice
or partial and conflicting State legislation. In
the late war it was thought that the control of
the Mississippi held the Union together, and
that control was gained and the river kept open
at a fearful cost of treasure and of blood. As
in war, so now in peace, we recognize instinct-
ively how this region along its banks and near
its outlet—the State which I have the honor
in part to represent, and other States near
us—is peculiarly and closely linked to distant
States.
But it is the perils as well as the benefits of
this mighty stream which come up in connec-
tion with this subject, for the levees guard
against its perils and add to its benefits at the
same time. Thelower Mississippi for over twelve
hundied miles flows through alluvial soil easily
disturbed and displaced. Its floods are of long
duration, kept up by the early and later rains
along its many tributaries and the melting of
snows far above the Falls of St. Anthony, and
along the sides of the Rocky mountains and
the Alleghanies, all meeting and mingling,
piling one flood upon another and pushing the
accumulated mass of waters toward the Gulf.
It is a yearly occurrence for the river to rise
fifty feet above low-water mark, and for weeks
to keep at that height. Once in three or four
years it sweeps up above oven this level, and
its force is destructive and resistless. The
great flood of 1857 was fifty-six feet above low-
water mark, and its damage to crops counted
millions of dollars, saying nothing of risk and
loss of life. No season is safe from these
perils. Annual in the spring and summer,
they often come in autumn to utterly destroy
our crops. The peculiar formation of the river
bed adds to our troubles, as the low lands slope
downward from the river and are thus still
more liable to overflow. This slope is very
gradual, but water finds its level with ease and
rapidity, and thus flows back over broken
levees or low banks with added force. The
alluvial soil is easily dissolved and held in solu-
tion, and as easily deposited by every change
of a strong and varying current. Theforceof
this current sweeps along and deposits sand
and gravel, as well as the finer alluvial, and
thus come frequent changes in the river bed.
By careful scientific experiments it is esti-
mated that the sediment is to the water by
weight as one to fifteen hundred, and by bulk
as one to twenty-nine hundred. Like experi-
ments on the Rhine, the Po, and other rivers
in Europe flowing through alluvial soils, and
on the great flood of the Asiatic Ganges, show
like results and no very great variation. Be-
sides the deposits along its bed, our river car-
ries out to the Gulf the mud and sand which
have formed the delta, with its half submerged
soil, reaching out hundreds of miles south of
the original Gulf shores. Each year it is
computed this great stream carries to the Gulf
a bulk of soil a mile square and nearly three
hundred feet deep. The lowlands in Missis-
sippi and Arkansas and the river bottoms and
swamps of my own State are submerged far
and wide by the overflows of thesegreat floods,
and the bayous that wind their slow way
through the marshes are filled and swollen by
these waters, and set back over the adjacent
regions, until no spot of ground is leit fot
miles whereon man can stand, lhe total space
over which the sweep of these floods extends
