1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3055
$2 50 per acre. The result of it will be to
throw the mining lands of California into the
hands of moneyed men and speculators to the
exclusion of what may be termed, as they often
ore termed, honest miners. That will be the
operation of it unquestionably. This of course
is a thing to be avoided. It is desirable, to be
sure, that persons shall obtain title to their
mines. I concede that the object of the bill so
far is good; but to allow a single person to
take such a large scope of mining territory as
one hundred and sixty acres is certainly a thing
not contemplated by those who are engaged in
mining in my State at present.
Mr. POM KROY. 1 agree with the Senator
in his amendment. lean see reasons for it,
I am sure; but as this discussion is likely to
last for some time, I think I shall object to the
further consideration of the bill. I do not
object to the Senator's amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas objects to the further considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir, on account of
the discussion to which it is giving rise.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
biil in order is the bill No. 630 in the order
of business, which was placed at the head of
the Calendar yesterday by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEWART. 1 hope the Senator from
Kansas will allow this mining bill to be pro-
ceeded with. It is simply extending the prin-
ciple of preemption to a region of country that
is rendered desolate for want of title. The
bill has certainly been thoroughly matured.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator from
Nevada object to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from California?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly I do. The bill
would not be of any benefit with that amend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume the Senator
wants to reply, and it will take all day to dis-
cuss it.
Mr. STEWART. No, I do not wish to reply.
Mr. COLE. If the bill is objected to, of
course it must go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill ia
objected to.
natal promotions.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 163) for the relief of certain
officers of the Navy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution will be read as amended- yester-
day.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
amended, as follows:
. He it retolved, <bc„ That the Secretary of the Navy
hi hereby authorized to organize a board of three
officers, not below the grade of rear admiral, who
shall examine into the cases of such officers as may
deem themselves unjustly pawed over by promotions
made in conformity with the act of Congress ap-
proved July 25,1866; which board shall report their
conclusions to the Secretary of the Navy, who shall
report the same to Congress.
Sec. 2. And be it further rtiolved, Thatofficers who
have been promoted in pursuance of the ninth sec-
tion oi the act to amend certain acts in relation to
the Kavy, passed March 2,1867, shall be entitled to
receive, from the date of such promotion, the same
pay when not on active duty that they were, at the
time of being so promoted, entitled to when not on
such duty, under the laws then in force regulating
the pay of officers of the retired and reserved lists
of the Navy, and the said ninth section of said act is
hereby repealed.
Mr. SPENCER. I objected to this joint res-
olution last night, but on investigation I find I
have no objection to it provided an amendment
be adopted which I send to the Chair.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add at the end of the second section the
, following proviso:
Provided, That no claim for arrears of pay shall
t e allowed by this resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I expect to be absent from
the Senate to-day and to-morrow, and I am
• }uite anxious to pass a bill for the relief of 
Several Sjcnators. Let us dispose of this
resolution first,
Mr. HAMLIN. I think there is one other
amendment which ought to be adopted in this
resolution, and I shall submit it to the consider-
ation of the committee. I ask the Secretary to
read the first two or three lines of the resolu-
tion.
The Secretary read as follows :
That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby author-
ised to organise a board of three officers, not below
the grade of rear admiral 
Mr. HAMLIN. That will do. I suggest to
insert there " who shall in no way be interested
in their own action." This should be a board
who in their position shall not acton their own
cases. That is the point I want to make.
Mr. NYE. The scope of the joint resolu-
tion itself would reach that.
Mr. HAMLIN. Are the officers who are to
appear before this board all below that grade ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well. Thentheamend-
raent is unnecessary.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended.
Mr. DRAKE. I was out of the Chamber
at the moment this joint resolution was called
up. I hope the Senate will not concur in the
amendment to the secoud section which was
inserted in committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. With the
consent of the Senator from Missouri the Chair
will put the question on concurring in the
amendments not excepted to, omitting the one
to which the Senator objects.
The amendments not excepted to were con-
curred in.
Mr. DRAKE. The proviso which has been
attached to the second section of this joint res-
olution is one of the most manifestly unjust
character that the Senate could under any cir-
cumstances be induced to make itself a party
to. I should be very glad, indeed, if in a mat-
ter of this kind, which is a mere matter of jus-
tice, I could get the attention of Senators suffi-
ciently to enable them to understand the point
that is in it upon a very brief statement of
facts.
In the Fortieth Congress Commodore Oscar
Bullus, of the Navy, a veteran officer of the
retired list, sent a petition to Congress asking
for relief from a most unjust and oppressive aet
of Congress operating in his case. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs examined the matter
with the utmost care, and finding that his re-
quest was meritorious, and that several other
officers in the Navy on the retired list were in
exactly the same position that he was, they
reported abill of the substance of the second sec-
tion of this resolution ; but afterward, instead
of presenting that bill separately by itself, they
put the bill as a provision in another bill which
was subsequently reported, and in which it
passed the Senate. That bill went over to the
House, and there it has been lying for fifteen
mouths, complicated with the everlasting con-
troversy between the line and the staff; and no
legislation can be got through the two Houses
of Congress to-aay on the subject of the Navy
because of the controversy between the line
and the staff.
Now, sir, I wish to state in a very few words
the facts with regard to this class of officers, of
whom there are some four or five; and if I
cannot make it appear to the Senate that this
provision is one of most manifest injustice, then
let the provisio be adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the proviso relate
to all the cases ?
Mr. DRAKE. The proviso cuts off all the
cases that would come under the second section.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is to be debated I
desire to object to the bill,
Mr. DRAKE. Well, Mr. President, let gen-
tlemen object if they please, and throw a mer-
itorious and righteous bill overboard when it is
in the very act of its passage : if thev choose
to do so.
J Mr. POMEROY. I am willing to take a
[I vote on the amendment.
J| Mr. DRAKE. But how can the Senator
! understand why the Senate should reject an
11 amendment in the Senate which was adopted
in Committee of the Whole, unless I can have
three minutes to explain it ?
Mr. POMEROY. You can have five,
r Mr. DRAKE. On the 2d of March, 1867,
1 Congress passed an act for the reorganization
of the Navy, by the ninth section of which it
was provided-—
" That offiaers on the retired and resorved lists of
the Navy shall be entitled to promotion as their
several dates on the active list are promoted ; but
such promotion shall notentitlethem to any pay be-
yond that to which they were entitlod when retired,
unless upon active duty, when they shall rcceive the
full pay of their respective grades."
They shall not be entitled to any pay " be-
yond that to which they were entitled when
retired." Mark that point in the case. Per-
haps I can explain the matter better and in
shorter time by reading the report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs on the petition of
Commodore Bullus:
The case of the petitioner is one of several similar
in kind existing in the Navy, growing but of the
terms of the ninth section of the act to amend cer-
tain acts in relation to the Navy, passed March 2,
1867, hereinafter set forth. The facts of his case, in
, 1 connection with the legislation of Congress, are as
({ follows:
I On the 28th of February, 1855, the act to promote
ij the efficiency of the Navy was passed, authorizing
the plaoing upon the reserved list of suoh officers as
might, by the board required under that act to be
' constituted, be " found incapable of performing the
1' duties of their respective offices, ranks, or grades."
|| Among the officers placed on the reserved list by
II the action of that board was the petitioner, the cause
II being a lameness resulting from an accident which
!: befell him when on duty at sea in the year 1821;
which, however, had not before the passage of the
act last mentioned been dcemedsufficient to prevent
' his performing active service in all the grades of the
Navy, up to that of commander, in whioh he was at
the time of the passage of that act. The date of his
retirement from tho activo list was September 13,
1855.
By the second section of the act of February, 1855,
i it was provided that officers placed on tho reserved
list should reccive the leave of absenco pay, or the
furlough pay, to which they might be entitlod when
I so placed. At the time the petitioner was placed on
! the reserved list the leave of absence pay of a com-
mander was $1,800 per annum, and so remained until
thepassago of the act to establish and equalize tho
grade oflinc officers of the United States Navy, July
16.1862, by which it was fixed at 81,400.
Previous to thepassage of this act, namely, on tho
11th of July, 1862, Commander Bullus was promoted
to captain on the reserved list, his pay still remain-
ing at $l,800until itwasreduced to SI,600 by that act.
! At this last-named figure it would still be but for
the ninth section of the act of March 2, 18o7, which
provides as follows: "That officers on the retired
and reserved lists of the Navy shall be entitled to
promotion as f.heir several dates upon the activo list
are promoted; but such promotion shall not entitle
, them to any pay beyond that to which they were
entitled when retired, unless upon active duty, when
they shall receive the full pay of their respective
grades."
i Under this section Captain Bullus was promoted to
1 the rank of commodore on the reserved list, but,
singular enough, not only with no increase, but with
j a reduction of his pay.
Were that section strictly construed he would be
entitled to the pay of a commander, as it stood when
he was retired, in 1855, which, as before stated, was
$1,800. But it is held by the Navy Department that
the several acts referred to are to be so construed as
: to give him only the pay of a commander, as fixed
by the act of July 16,1862, to wit, $1,400. The result
i is, that though ho has received for nearly five years
the pay of a captain, $1,600, and was promoted from
that to the next higher grade, the effect of that pro-
motion, under the rule laid down by the Navy .De-
partment, is to cut him down to the pay of a com-
mander, $1,400.^ We are unable to see any justice or
propriety in this, but, on the contrary, great injus*
tice to a veteran and worthy officer.
This singular state of things is owing to the lan-
5?a® l S above-quoted section of the act of
| March 2,1867, which limited the pay of these officers
I to that which they were allowed ** when retired," re-
gardless of the fact that they had, in the mean time,
een promoted to and reoeived the pay of a higher
i grade.
* The committee are of the opinion that this should
i not be continued. Mere justice to Commodore
: isullus, and other officers in the same position in
I regard to this matter, seems to us to demand that
i their pay should remain at l£ast as it was when
; they were promoted under the act of March 2,1867,
and not be reduced to what it was when they were
; retired, in a lower grade than that from whicn they
were promoted under that act.
To carry out that view, tho committee herewith
report a bill applicable to all such cases, and respect-
fully recommend its passage.
