1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Virginia; of John G. Lane, of Rappahannock
county, Virginia; of Joshua Pretlow, of South-
ampton county, Virginia; of James Garland,
of Campbell county, Virginia; of Thomas L.
Arrington, of Campbell county, Virginia; of
Samuel T. Ashley, of Warrenton, Virginia; of
T. K. Lear, of Lunenburg county, Virginia;
of P. I. Winn, of Fluvanna county, Virginia;
of I. W.Wilson, of Henrico county, Virginia;,
of William L. Saunders, of Campbell county,
Virginia; of S. H. Lester, ofLunenburg county,
Virginia; of B. I. Vaughn, of Richmond,
Virginia; ofE. H. Coleman, of Amelia county,
Virginia; of R. B. Shaw,jr., of Buckingham
county, Virginia; of Joseph R. Anderson, of
Riqhmond, Virginia; of Thomas B. Hereford,
of Prince William county, Virginia; of F. T.
Anderson, of Rockbridge county, Virginia; of
John R. Harris, of Albemarle county, Virginia;
of John L. Brady, of Albemarle county, Vir-
ginia; of Joseph Walker, of Albemarle county,
Virginia; of Lewis Page, of Fluvanna county,
Virginia; of Isaiah Fisher, of Alexandria,
Virginia: of Lawrence Cole, of Prince William
county, Virginia; of William W. Thornton,
ofPrince William county, Virginia; of William
Kent, of Amherst county, Virginia; of Charles
L. Mosby, of Lynchburg, Virginia; of William
B. Payne, of Pittsylvania county, Virginia;
of L. D. Isbell, of Appomattox county, Vir-
ginia; of William W. Norvell, of Lynchburg,
Virginia; ofW. H. Macon, of Hanover county,
Virginia; of A. L. Wyllie, of Pittsylvaniacounty,
Virginia; of James T. Gray, of Prince Edward
county, Virginia; of R. F. Clack, of Mecklen-
burgconnty, Virginia; of A. B. Baker, of Appo-
mattox county, Virginia; ofGeorgeT. Peers,of
Appomattox county,Virginia; ofR. K. Bibb, of
Nelson county, Virginia; of William H. Mc-
Guire, ofNansemond county, Virginia; of Alex-
ander Fortune, of Nelsoh county, Virginia; of
Henry.J. Venable, of Prince Edward county,
Virginia; of JohnT. Taylor, of Lynchburg, Vir-
ginia; of Samuel R. Seay, of Ameliacounty,Vir-
ginia; of John M. Shelton, of Nelson county,
Virginia ; of William E, Ganeraway, of Buck-
ingham county, Virginia; of Joseph S. Wat-
son, of Prince Edward county, Virginia; of
John W. Powell, of Henrico county, Virginia;
of George W. Macon, of Albemarle county,
Virginia ; of Edward Thurman, of Albemarle
county, Virginia; of L. Bremond, of Albe-
marle county, Virginia; of S. F. Sampson, of
Albemarle county, Virginia; of I. M. F. Wil-
liams, of Albemarle county, Virginia ; of Wil-
son Hix, of Appomattox county, Virginia; of
R. C. D&buey, of Spottsylvania county, Vir-
ginia; of Richmond T. Lucy, of New Kent
county, Virginia; and of James Ray Micaw,
of Essex county, Virginia, praying for the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Burnham
Watson and others, citizens of Spottsylvania
county, Virginia, late from the northern States,
in behalf of R. C. Dabney, praying the re-
moval of his political disabilities ; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to "lie on the table:
By the VICE PRESIDENT: Eight peti-
tions from citizens of various States.
By Mr. DAVIS: Two petitions from citizens
of Kentucky.
By Mr. TRUMBULL: A petition from citi-
zens of Illinois.
By Mr. PATTERSON: Two petitions from
citizens of New Hampshire.
By Mr. PRATT: Three petitions from' citi-
zens of Indiana. -
By Mr, CAMERON: A petition from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania.
. By Mr. McCREERY: Threepetitions from
citizens of Kentucky.
By Mr. HARLAN: Four petitions from citi-
zens of Iowa.
By Mr. WILLEY: A petition from citizens
of West Virginia.
By Mr. SHERMAN: Three petitions from
citizens of Ohio.
By Mr. WILSON: A petition from citizens
of Massachusetts.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1007) establishing certain
post roads, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles E. Rogers,
praying to be reimbursed for certain postage
stamps stolen from him, reported a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 123) for the relief of C. E.
Rogers; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill_(S.
No. 489) to reorganize the marine hospital
service and to provide for the relief of sick
and disabled seamen, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 626) to promote
commerce among the States, and to cheapen
transportation of the mails and of military and
naval stores, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 90) for the relief of cer-
tain officers of volunteers, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the con-
current resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives providing for the appointment of a
joint committee of members of the two Houses
to consider all matters pertaining to Indian
Affairs, reported favorably thereon.
HENRY C. NOYES.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 12i) amending an act enti-
tled "An act for the relief of Henry C.Noyes;"
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be read at length, and then the Chair
will ask if there be objection to its consider-
ation.
The joint resolution was read. It recites that
the act for the relief of Henry C. Noyes,
approved March 3,1869, contains a misrecital
of the number of the bond therein referred to,
whereby the act is rendered ineffectual for his
relief; and hence it is proposed to amend the
act, by striking from it the word "thirty-seven"
and inserting in lieu thereof the word " sixty-
seven."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have my
friend from New Hampshire explain the reso-
lution before we proceed to consider it.
Mr. CRAGIN. At the last Congress an act
was passed for the relief of Henry C. Noyes,
approved March 3, 1869. It was to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue to Henry
C. Noyes a bond on account of one that had
been lost or destroyed, and the fragments of
which were in the Treasury Department and
are now. A mistake was made in the bill in
reciting the number of the bond. The figure
3 was used instead of a 6. Mr. Noyes, imme-
diately after the passage of the bill, went to the
man of whom he purchased the bond and ascer-
tained the real number and has made an affi-
davit to that effect, which I hold in my hand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Read it.
Mr. CRAGIN. The affidavit is:
State op New Hampshire,
Sullivan, ss, January 21,1870.
I, Henry C. Noyes, of Claremont, in the county
of Sullivan, and State of New Hampshire, on oatn
deposo and say that in a former affidavit, setting forth
the circumstances of loss by me of a $1,000 United
States bond, I stated the number thereof to be 55337
I have since learned that I was mistaken in the
number, and that the true number was 55ii>7. The
mistake was made as follows: at the time I depus-
ited the bond in the cellar, as stated in my iormer
affidavit, it occurred to me to make a memorandum
of the number of the bond, though I did not then
think of it as a matter of much importance. I came
up stairs, not having the bond with me, and wrote
the number of it on my secretary door, as I then
thought correctly. It now appears that I made a
mistake and wrote the number incorrectly. The
number stated in my former affidavit was taken from
the memorandum on my secretary door. As soon as
I ascertained that there was a mistake, with much
difficulty I found the party of whom I bought the
bond and learned the true number to be as above
stated.
HENRY C. NOYES.
Subscribed and sworn to before me,
IRA COLBY, jr..
Justice of the Peace.
Then I have a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury, dated the 18th of December,
1869, which says:
" I have the honor to advise you that no coupon of
United States bond of $1,000, act of March 3,1865,
dated July 1,1865, numbered 55,367, has been paid!
I inclose oopies of papers on file in this office."
The same papers that were before the Com-
mittee on Claims at the last Congress when the
bill was reported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What became of the first
bond?
Mr. CRAGIN. The first bond was destroyed.
! Mr. EDMUNDS. How?
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not like to occupy time,
I but I will say that the bond was deposited in
the man's cellar in a tin box, rolled up in a
newspaper. When he went down to take off
the July coupon he had a witness with him,
and he found that this paper and bond had
absorbed moisture, so that when the paper was
unrolled the bond was in almost a complete
state of decomposition ; particles of the bond
i were torn off from the newspaper, and I brought
I them on here to the Treasury Department my-
self. They are now here. There is not only
; his affidavit, but the affidavit of the man who
j was with him, as to the depositing of the bond
in the cellar and its condition; and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is completely satisfied that
this is that bond, and that it was destroyed in
this way. The affidavits are complete on that
subject, and the bill passed last session, but a
mistake was made in the number. If there
had been no number set forth in the bill the
Secretary of the Treasury would have issued a
new bond; but as there was a number and a
wrong number stated, all that this resolution
seeks to do is merely to correct that.
Mr. EDMUNDS, How did he ascertain the
mistake ?
Mr. CRAGIN. Because the Secretary last
spring after the act was passed, refused to grant
the bond on thenumber recited. He then ascer-
tained that he was wrong.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That I snppose, of course,
was because the Secretary was paying cou-
pons of the number alleged in the bill to have
been destroyed.
Mr. CRAGIN. Coupons had been paid on
that number.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have you the affidavit of
the person of whom he bought, showing the
number of the bond sold?
Mr. CRAGIN. I have not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a dangerous piece
of business.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to ask the Senator
from New Hampshire if he has ascertained
whether on the number now named there have
been any coupons paid?
Mr. CRAGIN. They have not been paid,
and there is a letter from the Secretary on that
point, which I have read. I would say that I
am personally acquainted with this gentleman
and have not the slightest doubt that this is
entirely correct and just.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the thira
time, and passed.
