4944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
of $o0,000 is hereby appropriated, out of any money
m the Ireasuvy not otherwise appropriated, for the
purpose of deiraymg in part tho expenses of tlie
same.
Mr. KELSEY. I make the point of order
that tills amendment cannot be entertained to
this bill.
Mr. BEATTY. The rales were suspended
yesterday allowing the amendment to be moved
to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. f move the follow-
ing amendment:
The improvement aforesaid to he paid for at the
rate of one third by the Government and two thirds
by tho city as the work progresses, the total expend-
iture not to excecd the amount herein provided for.
I hope the gentleman from Ohio will accept
my aineudment as a modification of his own.
Mr, BEATXY. I will accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri as a
modification of my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will also agree to add the following pro-
vision to his amendment:
And out of any money arising: from the sales of any
real estate h erein embraced the Government shall
first jjo indemnified lor any moneys hereby appro-
Mr. BEATTY. I also accept that as a mod-
ification of my amendment.
The amendment, as moditied; was agreed to.
Mr. McCOi£MIC.K, of Missouri. T aslc unan-
imous consent to go hack, so I may be allowed
to move the followingamendment:
Sec. G. ^[.nrfbe i( fiu (/i<t ^nuctcd, That a reduction
of twenty-live percent, id hereby made upon all ap-
propriations provided for in this act for completing,
lepiiiring, and jurm<4nug public buildings oi die
united fcitaU-s, including arsenals and navy-yards.
Mr. MYEIIS. 1 object.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the com-
mittee rise ami report the hill.
Mr. MUNGEN! I make the point of order
that cannot be done while any gentleman has
an amendment to offer.
The CHArKMAN". That iq correct.
Mr. MUNGBN. T move the following :
That the sum of ^640 bo appropriated lo the pay-
ment of the chum ot Jess Overton, of Arkansas, for
beef, flour, and salt, furnished by him to the federal
troops m thai State dining the war ot tho rebellion
lor their support and sustenance.
Mr. DAWES. I make the point of order,
that haa already been voted on.
Mr. MUNGEN". No, sir; it is not the same
amendment. It was $050 before; it is $049
now.
The CM A 1BMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
_ Mr. DAWES, f move that the committee
rise and report the bill and amendments to the
House.
The motion was agreed fo.
Tho committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Buf-
fiktos reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union having, accord-
ing to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly a bill (II. XI.
No. 21C5) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and fur other purposes,
had directed him to repoii, the same l;a"k to
the House with sundry amendments. 1
Mr. DAWES. Id emand the previous qaes- ;
tion on the bill and amendments. I
Mr. STILES. As this bill involves u great i
many private claims, I shall ask for the yeas |
and nays on its passage. I
The previous question was seconded and the i
main question ordered. !
Iho SPEAKER. If no separate vote be |
requested on the amendments thev will bo ■
voted on en masse. " j
No separate vote was asked, and tho amend- '■
merits of tho Committee of the Whole on the I
- tate of the Union were concurred in. j
I-he bill was ordered to be engrossed and !
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was i
accordingly read the third time. ' j:
Mr. STILES. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The llouse divided ; and there were—ayes 9,
noes 86.
Mr. ORIS WOLD demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers wore not Ordered.
So (one fifth of those present not having
voted in the affirmative) the yeas and nays were
not ordered.
Mr. DAWES demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of tho bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KNROLLED IIIl.I.S AM J JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BEATTY", from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the}7 had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint reso-
lutions ol (he following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (11. H. No. 230) to require the hold-
ing of additional district and circuit courts of
the United States in the district of Indiana, and
for other purposes ;
An act (II. I£. No. 2-fU) concerning the dis-
trict court of the United States for the district
Of JOH'U ,'
An act (II. 11. No. lijo) autl lorizhig the allow- |
ance ot tho claim of (he State of .Minnesota to
lands (or the support of a State university ;
An act (IT, K. No. 380) to amend au act enti-
tled " An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States,''
approved March 2, 1807 ;
An aft ([I. 1£. No. 4t>9) to authorize tho con-
struction and maintenance of a bridge across
the Niagara river;
An act (II. 11. No. 1U0-I) for tho relief of
James 0. Strong;
An act (II. ]{. No. 2277) supplementary to
an act to provide for furnishing artificial limbs
to disabled soldiers ;
Joint resolution (H. 11. No. 210) relative to
the Champaign' County (Ohio) Monumental
Association; and
Joint, resolution (II. H. No. 251) authoiiz-
ing Surgeon George E. Cooper! of the United
States Army, to accept a giftfiom the Govern-
ment of France in ncknowledgtneulof services
rendered.
grd15ii ok business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour begins
at live minutes to three o'clock, and reports
are in order from the Committee on Commerce.
FUIl-Br:AilTN(i ANIMALS IX ALASKA
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back the bill (S. No. 32) to
prevent the extermination of fur bearing ani-
mals in Alaska, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
I lie substitute was lead, it provides m its
first section that it shall be unlawful to hill
any fur-seal upon the islands of St. Paul and
St. George, or m the waters adjacent thereto,
except during the months of June, July, Sep-
tembi r, and October, in each j ea: ; and it shall
be uiilawtul to kill such seals at anv time by
the use of fire-arms, or use other means tend-
ing to drive the seals away from said islands;
provided, that the natives of said islands shall
have the privilege of killing such young seals as I
may be necessary for their own iood and cloth- j
ing during other months, ana also such old
seals as may be required for their own clothing j
and for the manufacture of boats for their own !
use.which ki llmg shall be limited and controlled j
by such regulations as shall be pieseiibcd by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
The second section provides that it shall be
unlawful to kill any female seal, or any seal
less tban one year old, at any season of the
year, except as above provided; and it shall
also be unlawful to kill any seal in the waters
adjacent (o said islands, or on the beaches,
cliffs, or rocks where they haul up from the
sea to remain; and any person who shall vio-
late cither of the provisions of the act or tho
first section of the act, shall be punished on
conviction thereof, for each offense, by a fine
of not less than 8200 nor more than $1,000,
or by imprisonment not exceeding sis months,
or by such line and imprisonment both, at the
discretion of the court having jurisdiction and
taking cognizance of the offense; and all ves-
sels, their tackle, apparel, and furniture, whose
crew shall be found engaged in the violation
of any of tho provisions of this act shall be
forfeited to the United States.
The third section provides that for the period
of twenty years from and after the passage of
the act the number of fur-seals which may be
killed for their skins upon the Island of St.
Paul is thereby limited and restricted to sev-
enty-live thousand per annum ; and the num-
ber ot fur-seals which may be killed for their
skins upon the Island of St, George is thereby
limited ami restricted to twenty-five thousand
per annum, provided that the Secretary of
the Treasury may restrict and limit the right
ol killing if it shall becomo necessary for the
preservation of such seals, with such propor-
tionate reduction of the rents reserved to the
Government, as shall be right and proper; and
il any person shall knowingly violate either of
(he provisions of this section he shall, upon
due conviction Umreof, be punished ill the
same way as is provided therein for a violation
of the provisions of tho first and second sec-
tions of the act.
The fourth section provides that immedi-
ately nlier the passage of the act the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall lease, for the rental
I mentioned in section six of the act, to proper
I and responsible parties, to the best advantage
i o( the United States, having due regard to the
; interests of the Government, the native inhab-
' itants, the parties heretofore engaged in the
i trade, and the protection of the seal fisheries,
i for a term of twenty years from the 1st day of
j May, 1S70, tho right to engage in the business
j of taking fur-seals on the Islands of St. Paul
I and St. George, and to send a vessel or vessel-.
: to said islands foi the skins of such seals, giv-
ing to the lessee or lessees of said islands a
lease, duly executed, in duplicate, not trans-
ferable, and tainng from the lessee or lessees
ot said islands a bond, with suOicient sureties,
in a sum not less than §000,000, conditional
for the faithful observance of all the laws and
requirements of Congress and of the regula-
t'ous ol the Secretary of the Treasury touching
the subject-matter of taking far-seals and dis-
posing ot the same, and for the payment of all
taxes and dues accruing to the United States
connected therewith. And ni making said
lea«p the Secretary of the Treasury shall have
due regard to the preservation of tho seal-fur
traoe ol e aid. inlands and the comfort, main-
tenance, and education of the natives thereof.
The said lessees shall furnish to the several
masters oi vessels employed by them certified
copies ol the lease held by t'hein respectively,
which shah be presented to the Government
revenue olliccr for the time being who may be
in charge at the said lolanus, as the authority
ol the. party lor landing and taking skins.
The httli section provides that at the ex-
piration of said term of twenty veai'S, or on
surrender or forfeiture of any 'lease, other
leases may be made in manner as aforesaid
for other terms of twenty years; but no r<->..n
other than American citizens thai! be   ■, :.)■!-
ted, by lease or otherwise, to occupy sa.d
islands, or either of them, for the purpose <.f
ta.Ln.ig the skins oi iur therei rum, nor
shall uny ioreign vessel he engaged in taking
svten sivins ; and the Secretary of the Treasury
shall vacate and declare any lease forfeited if
the same be held or operated for the use? }>ph-
ont, or advantage, directly or indirectly, of any
