154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 12,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Stone.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
battle or otherwise, and as the officers of that
branch of the service are compelled, by reason
of tlieir position, to have a greater proficiency
in these matters than those in other branches
of the military service, with a view to the pro-
tection of life, the Committee on Military Af-
fairs have felt it proper to move this amend-
ment to the bill. The same examination is
now provided by law for officers of the engineer
and ordnance corps before they can bo pro-
moled.
There is another thing. We provide that
l he professors at West Point shall have assim-
ilated rank, and that after a service of twenty-
live years they maybe retired as Army officers
are retired.
These are all the amendments except those
which may be offered by individual members
of the committee.
Mr. Speaker, I propose to give some idea
of the arrangement of pay set forth by this bill.
Every liue officer of low rank, every lieutenant
or captain has his pay increased if he is serv-
ing with troops. Wo have taken the Army
list and increased a small proportion the pay
of the Army officers serving in the field ; but
while at the same time we rcduce in the same
proportion the pay of higher officers and those
who are doing duty elsewhere than in the field.
We have graduated the pay as well as we can.
Wo have lowered the pay of higher officers,
and increased the pay of inferior officers. Wo
have taken the pay of an Army officer stationed
here and the pay of an officer of the same rank
out on the frontier, in Indian camps, and di-
vided it, so as to make the officer who is light
ing the Indians ov camped in front of the
enemy equal in pay to an officer4,ho same rank
who may be silting up in one of the Depart-
ments here from day to day in perfect safety,
'loins nothing hut signing his name and mak-
ing figures.
Gentlemen say that this pay is too low for
those who are here, that they have to rent
houses, if the officers here think the pay is
too low, let them go to the field and let, some
of the officers who are in the field come here.
'I here will be no difficulty in getting officers
who arc now in the field to take their places
here. A station at this place is sought for by
all Army officers. There is scarcely an Army
officer anywhere who does not wish to be hero
in Washington. When they come here, if you
attempt to reduce the pay and to make it the
same as oflieeis receive in the lield, they tell
you they cannot live upon it. Those who are
here seem to have no sympathy at all for those
who are out fighting the Indians, who receive
nearly one thousand dollars less than those
who aro stationed here. Wo propose that there
shall bo no difference between the pay of Army
officers who are in the field and those of the
same rank doing easy duty in cities.
I think the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, during the session of Congress,
workbench haider than any other officers of
the Government. Such has been my experi-
ence, and I have no doubt it is the experience
of other gentlemen on this floor. Our pay is
$5,000 a year. If we were to attempt to in-
crease our pay by adding pay for fuel, quarters,
&c., at prices paid here, it would amount to a
great sum of money. We have to pay our own
board and house rent, and high rent at that,
and yet we find no difficulty in finding plenty
of well qualified men everywhere who are will-
ing to make the sacrifice and take our places.
There would be loud clamors against the
increase of the salaries of any civil officers.
Why, then, should we allow army officers to
have more pay than any other officers of the
Government? Why should we allow their pay
to be constantly increased in the modes I have
suggested ? Why should wo pay officers more
when in peace than we do when we are at war ?
In France they pay their officers and soldiers
at a higher rate during war than during peace.
That is the true theory. In our country it is
the reverse. Our officers get much more pay
during peace than during war. Why should
we in time of profound peace so heavily tax
our constituents in order to pay our Army offi-
cers so much more than they receive in time
of war. We propose to change all that. We
propose to reduce and equalize the pay during
the time of peace. If when war breaks out
we desire to increase the pay of our Army
officers, why, then let it be done. I do not
see any reason why wo should pay our sub-
ordinate officers, or other officers, in times of
peace a salary of large amount. Our Army
officers have been educated at West Point at,
the Government expense, and that we should
pay them a high salary just as soon as they
enter the Army should not be expected.
We reported a bill which has been enacted
into a law providing that no retired officer
shall bo assigned to duty. By that we save
this Government $49,000 this year. They have
had a method in the Army of retiring officers.
If a man is a lieutenant colonel, when there is
a vacancy they will promote him to colonel.
Then they retire him as colonel. Next day
they would make somebody else colonci in his
place. And a week afterward they assign this
retired colonel to duty ; and thus they have
two colonels filling one position in the Anny,
drawing the same pay. This had been the
system for years. We detected it and put an
end to it. Heie is a memorandum showing
the extent to which this practice had gone —
showing that you had assigned to duly brevet,
major generals and brevet brigadier generals
thai were retired from the Army but were as
signed to duty, and were drawing the pay of
tlieir rank, f have before me a complete list
of the ollieors of high rank retired in the last
fewy ears, who were on duty here in Washington,
and at other places, when there was another
mau holding the same rank appointed to their
place; and when, therefore, there were two men
where the law contemplated there should be but
one. W e stopped that when our bill became a
law, and we propose that, it shall remain so.
By this bill, as proposed by the Military Com-
mittee, with the amendments to it which will
be offered, there will he saved to the Govern-
ment. in the pay of officers about one million
five hundred thousand dollars, and in respect
to commutation of quarters, fuel, &c., an
amount of money you can hardly conceive of.
I do not know the amount; I am trying to get it,
hut have been unable to obtain it as yet. 1 do
not know the exact amount that will be saved in
that way, but it will be a large amount. The
total saving by this bill will, I am satisfied,
apjjroximate to $3,000,000 per annum.
i have stated to the House that, in my judg-
ment, this bill does not do as much as it ought
to do. It does not cut down the staff of the
Army as much as it should do. The commit-
tee are aware of that. But we know that there
is opposition to Army reform. We have been
threatened with the Senate; we have been told
that the bill will never pass the Senate. Wo have
therefore put the bill in such a shape that we
thought it would meet the approbation of every
one and become law; and then, if Congress
thereafter shall think the staff too large, as 1
certainly think it is, it can be reduced. I
believe it is too large by at least three hundred
officers. I think three hundred would be as
large a number as is demanded by the require-
ments of the service. W e have not touched that
matter; we have left it for future action, and
offer this bill in the shape in which it is now
presented to the House.
1 have received letters from officers all over
the country approving of the bill. If you go
outside of Washington and outside New
York and take the opinion of the colonels and
line officers doing hard service on the plains,
every one of them will tell you that this is one
of the best bills ever introduced into this
House with reference to the Army establish-
ment. I could give the names of many such
officers. Sucli men as Major General T.
Wood, a gallant officer, and numbers of other
officers whom in the Army I knew well. Thev
have written to me and eomplimented our com-
mittee on this bill which we have reported to
the House. It is a mistake, therefore, to
say that there is a war between the Military
Committee, and the Army. The war is on the
part of a few gentlemen hero whoso positions
the bill touches or whoso high salaries it pro-
poses to reduce.
I hope this bill will not receive opposition
in the House, and that the House will pass it.
When I say that I do not want to see opposi-
tion I do not mean that I do not want anybody
to have views different from the committee,
but I want the House to pass this bill or some-
thing of the same nature, so that the country
will understand that Congress intends to main-
tain its control over the Army; that it intends
to act upon its own opinions; that it intends
to do justice to the Army and Navy, and every-
body else; and especially that it intends to do
justice to its own constituents—to the people
who pay the taxes of this country. I want to
see that done ; and I tell you that if you pass
that bill and the Senate pass it and it becomes
a law you will find less lobbying around Con-
gress hereafter for the purpose of getting a
little bill passed every session of some kind,
by which officers can increase their pay with-
out any one knowing how it is done ; nor will
you have to go to the pay department and qu:u-
tennaster's department hereafter to find how
much has been paid to any officer; nor will
you any more be denounced for having inde-
pendence enough to think for yourselves on
this subject. Congress has been looked upon,
it seems, heretofore as merely the recorders
of the edicts of the heads of Army bureaus
in reference to matters of this kind. Let i!
bo understood that intelligent and just action
is all that can bo demanded of Congress, and
that bluster and denunciation of proper action
is at a discount, while the exercise of sound
judgment and a due respect for the interest,
of the whole people, who make and unmake
officers of all classes, is at a premium.
Thi' Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. F. STONE,
01'' MARYLAND,
In the IIoure oif Representatives,
March 12, 1870.
The House having mot for debate as in tho Com-
mittoo of tho Whole on tho state of the Union, and
having nnrlor consideration the President's animal
message—
Mr. STONIO said:
Mr. Speaker: The Committee of Ways and
Means, altera very long and protracted session,
have brought into the House a bill to revise tho
tariff. It is a subject of the deepest interest to
the great mass of the American people, and
demands the fullest consideration and exam-
ination.
The bill itself is a protective tariff bill, and
aims not so much for revenue as for protection.
Its friends claim that it is a revenue measure,
and that the protection is only ''incidental."
But such is not the fact. It is as much a pro-
tective tariff' as can be made short of absolute
prohibition of importation. We might suppose
from tho frequent use of the phrase " incidental
protection" that it was something different
from protocl'osi pure an<l simple. But inci-
