1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
41st Oong....2d Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Stone.
Ho. of Reps.
dental protection, if it means anything, means
at least only a tax laid on the whole American
people for the benefit of the American man-
ufacturer. An incidentally protective tariff is
in no respect different from a protective one.
It is a mere form of words used to cover and
conceal the real meaning of protection. Once
adopt the principle that protection in any shape
is admissible, and the whole point is conceded
to the manufacturer.
There was a time in the history of the coun-
try when patriotic men believed that a protec-
tive tariff would eventually benefit the country.
Manufactures were then in their infancy, and
many believed that to foster them by bounties
would create a home market which for a present
inconvenience would in the end compensate the
farmer by an increased demand for agricultural
products.
These politicians, and among them Mr. Clay,
honestly believed that such results would fol-
low. They believed that having once estab-
lished the manufacturing interests, having fos-
tered and protected and cared for them in their
infancy, they would no longer ask or obtain
protection when once firmly established. They
believed that the present loss to the consumer
would be more than compensated by future
gains. They thought and believed that if they
complied witii the then demands of the manu-
facturer they would not thereafter demand the
fostering care of the Government. But that
thereafter never came. It never will come.
Subsequent events have demonstrated the falsity
of that, opiuion. A century lias nearly rolled
away and the time is no nearer. The manu-
facturer is still demanding the present good
;!n;i piomising the future to others.
1 in! manufacturing interests are now the
.-icond great interests in the land, and yet
nol withstanding the long support they have
leeeivcd, and their wide extension at the
r-cpense of other greater interests, they still,
under the. specious name of "protection to
American industry," claim tribute from every
o.her profession and trade, farmer, merchant,
and lahoier, and to foster their own interests
lob I hose of llie common comforts of life.
'J in:*t monstrous claim is supported by rea-
soning ho false and antiquated that 110 one
inn be misled who lias examined the subject.
'! lie sole object of the protective duty is to
enable the American manufacturer to add the
amount of the duty to the price of the article.
Thus, if a yard of cloth can be manufactured
m Europe and sold in this country tor one
dollar a yard without a duty, no American
manufacturer can sell cloth of the same sort
for more than a dollar; for the consumer will
buy where he can buy cheapest, and will not
pay the New England manufacturer $1 50 per
yuid for an article which he can get for one
dollar elsewhere. The consumer will not pro-
tect, voluntarily the manufacturer, but will pro-
tect himself and his family by buying where
ho can buy most advantageously; and if we
remove the duty the American manufacturer
must sell as low as his European, competitor.
But the moment a duty of fifty cents a yard is
imposed by Congress upon articles of foreign
manufacture, our merchants are obliged to
add the amount of that duty to the price of
the foreign maiket. They must pay one dollar
to the foreign manufacturer and fifty cents to
our Government, and the price of the foreign
commodity is thus raised from one dollar to
$1 50. Thus neither the importing merchant
nor the foreign manufacturer makes anything
or loses anything by the imposition of the duty.
They have to pay it to the Government. Their
profits are the same when without the duty
they sell for one dollar, and when, with the
duty of fifty cents added, they sell for §1 50
per yard.
But not so with the American manufacturer.
For the moment that, the duty is added on the.
foreign article he adds the duty to his price.
The American manufacturer does not pay the
duty to our Government. He pays it to no one.
He in factgets it a clear bonus. The duty goes
info his pocket,. He may at first charge only
$1 40 per yard for his cloth. He gets the forty
cents clear and can forego the additional ten
cents for the present for the sake of greater
gains in the future. When the American can sell
for tec cents per yard less than the European
then the European must either lower his price
or be driven from the market. But he cannot
lower his price. He sells before the imposition
of the duty as low as he can to make a fair
profit, and as he has to pay the whole duty he
cannot fall lower. The inevitable consequence
is, that ho is driven from the market,. He ceases
to import and seeks a market for his wares in
some less-taxed land than ours. Then Amer-
ican manufacturers have the whole field to
themselves, and then comes combination among
them. All the manufacturers of cloth combine
and raise the price. They do not, stop at §1 50
per yard ; they go higher. They have now the
monopoly, and they raise the price until im-
portation again begins, and they again fall, and
this process is repeated again and again, the
consumer paying, during all the time that the
foreigner is driven from the field, more than the
duty.
The argument, that the consumer does not
pay the tax has long ago been abandoned by
all capable of understanding the plainest prin-
ciples of political economy. That argument is
sufficiently answered by the continued demands
of manufacturers for more and more duty. The
more the tax laid the more they demand. From
this tribute none are exempt by the now exist-
ing law, and none by the bill now before the
House. This bill has in it all the worst features
of the existing laws. Like all tariffs whose
aim is protection, it levies tribute on the many
for the support of the few ; it taxes labor and
endows capital; and it renders the whole coun-
try tributary to New England. The agricultural
interest,sol'the great West are rendered subserv-
ient to the interests of eastern manufacturers.
it was once supposed that the true principle
of republican government was the greatest good
to the greatest number, and in the words of
Jackson, the true mission of our Government
was, " like the dews of heaven, to shed its bless-
ings ou all alike."
How grossly a protective tariff violates this
principle, how clearly it benefits one class at
the expense of another, the few at the expense
of the many, and makes the rich richer and
the poor poorer, can be seen without entering
into a very elaborate or accurate statement.
The whole number of persons engaged in active
industries in the United States are distributed
as follows:
Agriculturists  r>,!r>,000
Unskilled laborers, <l'mic>tic scrvanb, and
ail distributer*  'l,70o,000
Skilled mechanics  1,000,1)00
Manufacturers oi'eolton  12a,000
Manufacturers of woolens  90,000
Manufacturers of iron 
Manufacturers of boots and shoes  180.
Manufacturers of paper  25,000
Fisheries and all other industries and pur-
suits 
Total numbered persons engaged in act-
ive industry in the United States 12,870,000
Of this number three hundred and thirty
thousand are employed in the ''protected"
industries of iron, cotton, and woolen manu-
facture, while more than teu million work-
ing people depend for their daily bread upon
the cultivation of the soil. They work eaily
and late, in rain and sunshine, to wrest from
the earth an ever uncertain and sometimes
a bare, and hard living. To these people the
great necessaries of life next to food arc cotton,
woolen, and iron ; and yet this class of peo-
ple are tyxed upon every yard oi cotton and
woolen worn by them, and upon every plow,
lioe, and chain used by them, in some cases
one hundred per cent., for the benefit of a
small, but thrifty, proportion of the industrial
population of the country. To make the state-
ment in another manner: it has been esti-
mated that the whole population of the Uni-
ted States is now about forty millions, and
that of these forty millions about two millions
are interested in manufactures. Thus nine-
teen twentieths of the people are taxed for
the benefit of the one remaining twentieth.
Can injustice be more flagrant? And yet the
great West, who alone has by force of her
numbers the power to remedy this slate of
things, bends to the dictates of New England,
and sees herself, by nature rich and luxuriant,
taxed to ruin to translate her revenues to the
East.
Some of the distinguished members who ad-
vocate this bill and who are protective-tariff
men, have, even at this late day, advanced the
argument that the consumer does not always
pay the duty, and that in some instances the
importer pays a part of it. But no process of
reasoning and no array of pretended figures
can show that the foreign manufacturer would
not sell lower without the duty than he does
with it. Both reason and experience tell us
that lie would and does sell lower without the
duty. He must make some profit, and he will
only pay the duty out of his profit. He can-
not and will not continue iu the market at, a
loss to himself.
One of the most common but at the same
time most fallacious of the arguments of the
protectionists is an elaborate array of figures
to show that an article of commerce may be
temporarily lower under a higher rate of duty
than it was under a lower rate. But these gen-
tlemen surely forget that the duty is not the
only element of price. There are other elements
constantly influencing the priceofall commod-
ities. The condition of the currency is one of
these and the demand for consumption is
another. Owing to contraction of the currency,
or a supply of imports largely in excess of the
immediate demand, the price may temporal i!\
decline in the tace of a high rate of dut}, or it
may advance notwithstanding a low one ; but
whether it advances or recedes, the duty is stilt
ever upon it, and the, consumercouslantily pays
that duty under all circumstances.
But, Mr. Speaker, let us examine the bill
now before us, and 1 think we shall find it a
bill combining almost all the elements of in
justice that any tariff bill ever did contain. It
is divided into articles taxed and articles not
taxed. Prominent in the former class is salt,
which is still left by this bill at the mercy of the
existing tariff. In so leaving it the Committee
of Ways and Means declare their approval of
the present exorbitant duty upon this article
about one hundred and lifr.y per cent, atl
valorem. That is to say, the present price, of
salt is two and a hall times as great as it, would
be without the duty, or free of tax. 'flic illustra-
tion of Commissioner Wells, in setting forth the
extortionary and rapacious nature of this tax,
is very st rong and expositive. He sayi :
"Their excessive character is strikingly shown
toy the circumstance that it the Government woro to
exact U^; duties, like tithes, in kmd.ir would requno
thai each vcssel.irriviugin the United States with «i
c.11*20 oi iorcign suit should be accompanied by
another of equal fcizo, and a third smaller erait of
rom ei^ht, to hity per cent, capacity ot the i'oiURT, to
convey the duty."
Salt is a necessary; it is something that all
must have; audio the pour mail especially
this duty is an oppressive- tax. It u unequal
and unjust; for the bill which imposes one
hundred and fifty per eem. on this necessary
oi' iilb imposes waly Hixly per cent, ad valorem
on the mosl costly oi'silks. There nut one
half ilio tux Miperlieiu! eondort as on
