1870.
TBS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3057
Mr. TRUMBULL. Eighteen hundred dol-
lars is enough for any of them, I think. _
Mr CHANDLER. There is a great deal in
what the Senator from Illinois says, and X will
accept his amendment. .
Mr. CAMERON. I do not think $1,800 is
enough. We had better make it $2,000.
Mr? TRUMBULL. Then the others had
better be $2,000, for there is no propriety in .
putting Buffalo at $2,000 and Chicago at ;
SI 800
Mr. CAMERON. Make them all $2,000. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion was to make i
them all $1,800. _ . I
Mr. CHANDLER. Boston is put in at
$1,800, and I think Pittsburg ought not to be
above Boston. I will accept $1,800. I think
it is a fair compensation.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 do not think it is com-
pensation enough if you expect to get good
men to do the duty. It is a very important
duty that is to be performed by these inspect-
ors. The life of every passenger is dependent
in some measure upon the proper performance
of this duty. Give them ajgood compensation
and make them feel it to be their interest as
well as their duty to attend to this business
properly. _
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not know on what
principle Nashville is stricken out of the list
of places having a local board of inspectors.
The commerce of Nashville is important, and
quite as large as that of many other places
mentioned here, and much greater. I there-
fore mov« that the following words in lines
seven and eight of seetion sixty two be stricken
out: "and the local board at Nashville, Ten-
nessee, shall be discontinued."
Mr. CHANDLER. It is the opinion of the
Department that it is not requisite to have a
local board at Nashville. It ia on the recom-
mendation of the Treasury Department that
those words are inserted. The amount of busi-
ness there is comparatively small.
Mr. FOWLER. It is certainly much greater
than at E vansville or New Albany. The amon nt
of commerce at Nashville is mueh greater than
it is at Evansville or New Albany, or such
points as those. I think it would be very in-
convenient for shippers at Nashville to subject
them to the necessity of going to a local board
so far from Nashville as they would have to go
under the circumstances. There has been such
a board there for a long time; and certainly a
port that ships as much as the city of Nash-
ville does, ana requires as much-transportation,
ought to have a local board.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. FOWLER. I certainly shall object to
the consideration of the bill at the present time
if this clause is retained, it is so great an injury
to the people of my State. They will have no
local inspectors under this bill; and consider-
ing the amount of commerce and the amount
of shipping done from that State, I think it
astonishing that such a clause should have been
proposed in any bill. That the people of any
State should be denied such a commercial ad-
vantage when they have so large a shipping
interest seems to me astonishing. I cannot
understand upon what principle such a clause
was introduced. There is no board within
several hundred miles.
Mr. CHANDLER. I again say that it was
recommended by the Treasury Department.
It was the opinion of the board of inspectors
that a'board at Nashville was not necessary.
All the steamers from Nashville pass by an-
other district, and it is not deemed any partic-
ular hardship to require them to be inspected
elsewhere. At any rate, the Treasury Depart-
ment recommended the clause.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to make an
41st Cong. 2d Sfiss.—No. 192.
inquiry of the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce. Can he state how many new
officers are created by this bill?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; not one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Tennessee to ask
for a division on his amendment.
The question being put, the ayes were eight.
Mr. FOWLER. I object to the further con-
sideration of this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Tennessee will not do that if the Senate wants
to act upon it. It seems that with reference
to this matter, the striking out of Nashville,
which of course the Senate cannot be very well
advised about, the committee have thought
there is no necessity for continuing these offi-
cers at Nashville. The steamers which go
there, I suppose, are inspected at some other
point; and the Secretary of the Treasury has
recommended that the office at Nashville be
discontinued. Now, why cause the bill to go
over because of that recommendation ? I sup-
pose the Senate is ready to vote; and if the
Senator from Tennessee insists upon it we can
have the yeas and nays; there is a quorum
here. I have no more to say, except to anpeal
to the Senator from Tennessee not to defeat a
bill upon which we have now spent an hour
just because of the striking out of these officers
at Nashville.
Mr. FOWLER. But ia it not a very great
injustice to the people of that State, when they
furnish their own steamboats and have so large
an amount of commerce, to force them to go
off so far from their own ports for the purpose
of obtaining local inspectors ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I confess I am not ad-
vised. I would ask the Senator from Tennessee
for information are vessels built to any extent
at Nashville?
Mr. FOWLER. They are built to some
extent at Nashville; but not to so great an
extent are they built there as they are owned
Mr. TRUMBULL. The fact of their being
owned there does not make any difference. I
suppose the vessels would be inspected at the
places where they are built. The fact that
they are owned at Nashville does not make it
necessary that these officers should be atNash-
ville, as I understand. However, the Senator
from Michigan can explain it better than I
can.
Mb. FOWLER. Does not a vessel have to
be inspected more than once ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at the place where
sll6 18 OWQ^d 
Mr. FOWLER. She has to be frequently
inspected. One inspection is not enough.
Mr. CHANDLER. All the vessels that
trade with Nashville pass either Evansville or
Louisville, and they can be inspected at either
one of these points, or at Memphis, in Ten-
nessee. There is already an inspection district
in Tennessee, at Memphis, and every boat
there passes either Louisville or Evansville or
Cincinnati.
Mr. FOWLER. I regard it as a very great
injustice to the shippers of Nashville that this
measure should be incorporated into the bill;
but as it is the wish of the Senate to take that
action I shall withdraw the objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee withdraws his objection.
Mr. CORBETT. These local inspectors go
from one port to another, and I presume in-
spectors can go to Nashville and inspect the
hulls of those boats.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
.ment is rejected.
Mr. McDONALD. In section forty-nine,
line seven, after the words "steam-gauges,"
I move to insert "steam and water registers,"
so as to correspond to the former amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
MESSAGB FROM TUB IIOOSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution ; in which it
' requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1328) to establish the
department of justice; and
A joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 271) making
an appropriation for the purpose of making
experiments in the ventilation of the Halls of
the Capitol.
The message also announced that the Hou3e
had passed the bill (S. No. 684) to change the
time for holding the circuit and district courts
for the district of Wisconsin, with an amend-
ment; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 169) for the transfer of an unexpended
balance of appropriation to the book fund of
the Library of Congress.
I The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution relating to
a portraitof Major General George H. Tho mas;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
| The message likewise announced that the
[ Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 62) for the relief
, of Alfred B. Winslow, of Portland, Maino;
and it was thereupon signed by the Vice Pres-
ident.
HOUSE COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ate to take up the joint resolution (H. R. No.
245) making an appropriation to defray the
expenses of the Committee on Education and
Labor incurred in pursuance of investigations
ordered by the House of Representatives. It
is important that it should be passed. It will
take but a moment. It is a very small matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to take it up out of its
order.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which makes an ap-
propriation of $3,000, or as much thereof as
maybe necessary, to defray the expenses to be
incurred by the Committee on Education and
Labor in conducting the investigation ordered
by the House of Representatives by resolution
of April 6, 1870.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LANDS IN SAN FRANCISCO.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The con-
sideration of bills on the Calendar in their
order will be resumed.
The next bill in order was the bill (S. No.
533) to relinquish the interest of the United
States in certain lands to the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California.
Mr. COLE. That had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
go over.
HARMON E. TTENTWORTH.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 717) for the relief of Harmon E. Went-
worth, late second lieutenant fourteenth New
York heavy artillery, which was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It is a direction to the Pay-
master General of the Army to pay to Harmon
E.Wentworth, late second lieutenant company
D, fourteenth regiment New York heavy artil-
lery, the full pay and emoluments of a sec-
ond lieutenant of heavy artillery from the 7th
day of June, 1864, to the 16th day of April,
1865, and also to allow him what he may have
