1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
494-5
person or persons other than American citi-
zens. Every leaseshall contain a covenant on
the part of the lessee that he will not keep, sell,
furnish, give, or dispose'of any distilled spirits
or spirituous liquors on.either of said islands
to any of the natives thereof, such person-not
heiug a physician and furnishing the same for
use as medicine; and any person who shall kill
any fur-seal on either of said islands, or in the
waters adjacent thereto, without authority of
the lessees thereof, and any person who shall
molest, disturb, or interfere with said lessees,
or either of them, or their agents or emploj'6s
in the lawful prosecution of their business,
under the provisions of the act, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall for each
offense, on conviction thereof, be punished in
the same way and by like penalties as prescribed
in the second .section of the act; and all ves-
sels, their tackle, apparel, appurtenances, and
cargo, whose crews shall be found engaged in
any violation of either of the provisions of this
section, shall be forfeited to the United States;
and if any person or company, under any lease
therein authorized, shall knowingly kill, or per-
mit to be killed, any number of seals exceed-
ing t.he number for each island in the act pre-
scribed, such person or company shall, in addi-
tion to the penalties and forfeitures aforesaid,
also forfeit the whole number of the skins of
seals killed in that year, or, in case the same
have been disposed of, then said person or com-
pany sha.l forfeit the value of the same. And
it shall be the duty of any revenue officer offi-
cially acting as such on either of said islands
to seize and destroy any distilled spirits or
spirituous liquors found thereon ; provided that
such officer shall make detailed report of his
doings to the collector of the port.
The sixth section provides that the annual
rental to be reserved by said lease shall not be
less than $50,000 per annum, to be secured by
deposit of United States bonds to that amount,
and, in addition thereto, a revenue tax or duty
of two dollars is hereby laid upon each fur-seal
skin taken and shipped from saidislands during
the continuance of such lease, to be paid into
the Treasury of the United States; and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby empowered and
authorized to make all needful rules and regu-
lations for the collection and payment of the
same, for the comfort, maintenance, education,
and protection of the natives of said islands,
and also for carrying into full effect all the pro-
visions of this act; provided further that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may terminate any lease
given to any person, company, or corporation
on full and satisfactory proof of the violation
of any of the provisions of this act or the rules
and regulations established by him ; provided
further that the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to deliver to the owners the
fur-seal skins now stored on the islands, on the
payment of one dollar for each of said skins
taken and shipped away by said owners.
The seventh section provides that the pro-
visions of the seventh and eighth sections of
an act to extend the laws of the United States
relating to customs, commerce, and naviga-
tion over the territory ceded to the United
States by Russia, to eslablish a collection dis-
trict therein, and for other purposes, approved
July 27, 1803, shall be deemed to apply to this
act; and all prosecutions for offenses commit-
ted against the provisions of this act, and all
other proceedings had because of the violations
of the provisions of this act,, and which are
authorized by said act above mentioned, shall
be in accordance with the provisions thereof;
and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with
the provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
The eighth section provides that the Con-
gress may at any time hereafter alter, amend,
or repeal this act-
Mr. WASHBURN', of Wisconsin. I ask
my friend from Rhode Island [Mr. ])iXO>."] to
yield to me, to ofSVr an a nienclmeut to the bill.
Mr. DIXON. 1 cannot yield the lloor to
the gentleman for that purpose.
41sx Oonw. 2d Sess.—No. 310,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
the gentleman will not refuse to allow it to be
read.
Mr. CULLOM. I presume the gentleman
from Rhode Island means to address the House
on the bill, and amendments may be offered
afterward. *
Mr. DIXON. That is my intention.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Docs
the gentleman say that he proposes to allow
amendments to be offered?
Mr. DIXON. I do not.
TheSPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, for the pur-
pose of having his amendment read?
Mr. DIXON. I yield t,o have it read.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment
of Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, as follows:
Strike out all after lino two, section four, page 3,
down to the word "years" in lino eight and insert
the following: "shall, after public advertisement in
two daily papers in each of thceitics of San Francisco
and Now York, receive sealed bids and lease to the
highest bidder for the torrn of ten;" so that it will
read:
That immediately after the passage of this act the
Secretary of the Treasury shall, after public adver-
tisement in two daily papers in each of the cities of
San Francisco and Now York, receivesealed bids, and
loasc to the highest bidder foi- the term of ten years
from the 1st day of May, 1870, the right to engage in
the business ot taking fur-seals, &c.
In lines two and lour, in section five, strike out
"twenty" and insert "ten."
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask the
gentleman from Rhode Island to allow that
amendment to be offered.
Mr. DIXON. I will not yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Does the
gentleman propose to put this bill through
without allowing any amendment or any dis-
cussion?
Mr. DIXON. I believe I have the floor,
and I do not yield it.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Rhode Island permit me to offer an amend-
ment ?
Mr. DIXON. No, sir; T will not.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would like the House to
understand that the gentleman declines to let
me offer an amendment.
Mr. DIXON. I do. I decline to yield the
floor to the gentleman from Massachusetts at
present.
This subject, Mr. Speaker, has been before
the Committee on Commerce since the begin-
ning of this Congress. There have been avast
number of propositions made to the commit-
tee. livery proposition that has been sug-
gested by the gentleman from Wisconsin or the
gentleman from Massachusetts, or any other
gentleman in the House, has been before the
committee and has been thoughtfully and anx-
iously considered. We have examined care-
fully all the testimony and all the information
which we could get in relation to this subject.
We have considered the ideas of all the men
that knew anything about this business, and
who were conversant with the trade with which
this bill proposes to deal. All the information
we could get we have obtained. We have re-
ceived the testimony of those men, we have
heard the propositions of every man who was
accessible, that had any knowledge on the sub-
ject, and their reasons in opposition to the
various measures which have been suggested.
The Committee on Commerce have laboriously
investigated this matter, and having examined
all the propositions, having carefully deliber-
ated on them all, they have come to this result:
that this was a better bill than any other that
has been proposed for the interest of the inhab-
itants on the two islands of St. George and St.
Paul, for the preservation and perpetuation ot
the seal-fisheries, and also in the interest of
revenue for the Government. With those three
objects and purposes in view we framed this
biil.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I will state briefly
what the bill proposes.
The first section prohibits the killing of fur-
seals upon the islands of St. Paul and St.
George, or in the waters' adjacent thereto, ex-
cept during the months of June, July, Septem-
ber, and Ootober in each year ;• and prohibits
the killing of them .at any time by the use of
fire-arms. But it provides that, the natives j>f
said islands shall have the privilege of killing
such young seals as may be necessary for their
own food and clothing during other months:
also such old seals as shall be required for then-
own clothing, and for the manufacture of boats
for their own use ; and this shall be limited by
regulations from the Treasury Department. It
is necessary to have a provision of this charac-
ter. Ever since 1808 there has been a positive
prohibition in the laws of Congress against
killing any seals in the territory of Alaska.
That provision of law has been violated every
month since that time.
The second section prohibits the killing of
any female seal, or any seal less than a year
old, at any season of the year, except fpr food,
as in the first section named ; and imposes a
penalty upon the offender of not less than
$200 nor more than §1,000, or imprisonment
not exceeding six months, or fine and impris-
onment both ; and all vessel's tackle, apparel,
and furniture, whose crew shall be found en-
gaged in the violation of any of the provisions
of this act shall bo forfeited to the United
States.
Section three limits the number of skins to
be taken on both islands to one hundred thou-
sand, with a proviso that the Secretary of the
Treasury may restrict and limit the number to
be killed below one hundred thousand, if it shall
seem to be necessary for the preservation of
the seals; that is to say, if it shall seem that
the natural increase will not permit so many
to be killed, with a proportionate reduction
of rents, &c.; with a proviso that the Secretary
of the Treasury may restrict the annual num-
ber to be killed below one hundred thousand,
if it seems to be necessary; that is to say, if
the natural increase of the seal will not per-
mit that number to be killed, without a dim-
inution of the rents.
Section four provides that the Secretary of
the Treasury shall lease for the rental men-
tioned in section six, (to wit, not less than
$50,000 per annum,) to proper and responsible
parties, to the best advantage of the United
States, having due regard to the interests of
the Government, the native inhabitants, the
parties heretofore engaged in the trade, and the
protection of the fur-seal fisheries, for a term
of twenty years from the 1st day of May, 1870,
the right of taking fur-seals ou these islands,
and to send a vessel or vessels to said islands
for the skins of such seals, giving to the lessee
or lessees a lease duly executed, iu duplicate,
not transferable, and taking from the lessee or
lessees a bond with sufficient sureties, in a sntn
not less than $500,000, conditioned for the
faithful observance of the laws and requirements
of Congress, and the regulations of the Sec^
retary of the Treasury, touching the taking of
seals, selling skins, taxes, &e.; and requires
that in making said leases the Secretary of
the Treasury shall have due regard _to the
preservation of the seal fur trade otllieislands,
and the comfort, maintenance, and education
of the natives thereof. The lessees shall fur-
nish to the several masters of vessels employed
by them certified copies of leases held by them
respectively, which shall ho presented to the
Government revenue officer lorthe time being
who may be at said islands, as the authority
of the party for landing and taking skins.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
that section is a little obscure, and 1 would
like to ask the gentleman from Rhode Island a
question as to what it means. I see in lines
five, six, and seven that these fisheiiea are to
be rented "to the best advantage ot the United
States, havingdue regard-to the mterestsof the
Government, the native inhabitants, the parties
heretofore engaged in the trade." What does
that mean ?
