1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$001
there were 7,000,000 spindles, and the home
consumption had reached 900,000 bales in the
year ending September, 1868.
Look at the price of cotton, and we find
immense crops pushed into foreign markets,
often at low rates, t.he buyers fixing the prices,
but now, with a larger home consumption, with
more grain raised, and with the prospect of
growing diversity of pursuits in the South, we
find higher prices, because the buyer seeks the
seller. Let mills and factories be built and
these results will be lasting.
I can see in our future, with the new condi-
tions we are entering upon, a vast increase of
varied industry in the South, and our people
must be prepared to meet its demand.
In the language of another:
"TheSouth is entering upon a new era. 'Lotus
reason together' on the work of to-day. to sec how
we can best help to an auspicious future for a region
so rich in natural resources.
" Its singular advantage is in the variety of those
resources; lands on the coasts and river bottoms of
wonderful fertility, fitted for cotton, ricc, and sugar,
and plains and mountain valleys nnd hills, yielding
wheat and com and grass of finest duality, wait to
be tilled; fruits, from the orange to the peach and
apple, can be produced; swift streams are ready to
serve man by turning many water-wheels; large
rivers can be navigated far up to the interior; greut
mines of iron and copper, beds of coal and quarries
of stone wait to bo opened; mountain streams flow
over golden sands; vast forests stand ready to servo
human needs; spacious bays and noble harbors are
along thousands of miles of coast on ocean and gulf,
and the mild yet salubrious air of its upper valleys
favors finest vigor of body and mind. Such variety
of resources and advantages ean hardly be found in
a similar extent on the globe.
" The lesson is plain; diversify the industry of the
people that this varied wealth may bo developed.
This is the groat work of to-day, giving scope to cap-
ital, labor, and skill, calling out inventive genius
and inviting immigration. This is the industrial
'reconstruction' ot the South, by which will come
employment, harmony, comfort, wealth, and the
light and power of a growing civilization."
Let our past rest, and let us act in the
present and prepare for a nobler future for
ourselves and for our common country. It is
as a part of the great work we need to meet
these new emergencies that I ask this levee
system, and I suggest this increase of home
demand as well as foreign, for cotton, to bring
out more strongly its importance as connected
with the cotton crops we shall want when our
home manufactures all over the land will be
largely increased.
'lhe cotton supply of the world's needs is a
great problem. Put us on dry land secure from
floods and we cau solve it. Europe and
America need six million bales, and the pro-
duct of 18G9 was but five millions. Cotton-
growing companies have started in different
countries, and the Manchester Cotton Supply
Association meet committees and send agents
to distant lands. Greece, Turkey, Morocco,
Egypt, Portugal, Japan, and Ilindostan have
increased their crops, but the demand keeps
beyond them, and the quality of our cotton
insures it the first market.
Not only Englishmen as individuals and in
corporations make large investments to secure
their supply, but the British Government, ever
watchful for the interests of the vast manufac-
tures on which its power depends, has acted
without fear or hesitation. In 1861 Lord Dal-
honsie inaugurated a railway system in India,
planning forty-six hundred miles of railroads
to cost §440,000,000. These iron paths, span-
ning rivers and scaling and tunneling mount-
ains at a cost greater than that of our Union
Pacific railroad, were intended to facilitate
the transportation of cotton and thus insure
a full supply for the English mills. The Gov-
, ernment at once engaged to pay the interest
on this immense investment. Surely, if the
British Government can assume such risks to
wrest from us the privilege of supplying their
cotton-mills, ours can well pay the compara-
tively small sum we ask to maintain that priv-
ilege, and meet the wants of a home demand
that should be tenfold greater than now. Our
cotton crop of 1859-60 was 5,196,441 bales—
more than finds its way to the markets of the
world to-day. Our crop last year was 2,430,893
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 251.
bales, and for 1869-70 may be near 3,000,000
bales. In 1861 Mississippi alone raised 1,202,-
507 bales, more than a third on its alluvial
lands; and in 1860 the Yazoo basin produced
220,000 bales.
Perfect our levees, and we can have seven
million acres of the best cotton lands in the
world, and to say they will yield seven million
bales is a moderate statement. Let a million
industrious freedmen bend their labor to this
task on these reclaimed lands, and they can
raise five million bales of cotton of four hun-
dred pounds each, or two thousand million
pounds, worth $300,000,000 at the low pricc
of fifteen cents per pound, and over four hun-
dred million dollars at present prices.
The cotton region in the alluvial lands would
embrace the four northern parishes of Louisi-
ana, Concordia, Tensas, Madison, and Carroll,
so near my own home that I know their great
fertility, and the Yazoo basin and the region
north of Helena, and include parts of Lou-
isiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, and
Missouri.
These lands—level, free from stones, and
with a soil easily tilled—are admirably adapted
to the use of all labor-saving inventions. The
steam-plow has been tried successfully, I am
told, and every implement of that class will
have ample scope, under best conditions. Irri-
gation, if needed, can be easily accomplished,
and the harvesting of the cotton crop occurs
at a season when the climate'is delightful and
healthful. With secure levees would come
drainage and decrease of miasma and better
health for all. Not only sugar and cotton are
to be counted, but corn and live stock also. In
1860 the Yazoo basin produced two million five
hundred thousand bushels of corn and abun-
dant stock ; and all through this alluvial region
corn finds its congenial nourishment from the
deep black soil and the fervid sun, and yields
bounteously, while the wide range of pasturage
for animals makes the raising of cattle and
swine easy. But I need no longer tell of the
resources and fertility of this region which we
wish to secure and wrest from the sweep of the
floods, for tfee facts, plain and simple to us who
know them, may seem vain imagination and
foolish fancy to others. Let me say, then, to
give an idea of the result we can reach, that
with levees perfected our crops of sugar and
cottou will add over $350,000,000 to the yearly
products of our soil, saving the country an im-
port of $60,000,000 in sugar and molasses, and
giving us an added export of $300,000,000 in
cotton, with enough left of our total crop to
furnish a home demand, which should increase
greatly from the growth of our home manufac-
tures. Thus shall we maintain our position as
the great source of the world's cotton supply.
Thus shall come specie payment, a balance of
trade in our favor, the payment of our national
debt, and the decrease of taxation. Compared
to ail this the sum these levees will cost is
small indeed.
This yearly result is fourfold greater than
the rich product of all onrgold and silver mines;
yet the discovery of those mines has sent thou-
sands of people among the rude mountains of
our western Territories, has built up towns on
the buffalo paths of yesterday, has built the
Pacific railroad, peopled California, opened
the golden gate to the Pacific, and sent steam-
ships to Japan. This greater enterprise will
not only find labor for all the present popula-
tion along the lower Mississippi; it will not
only give the freedman profitable and con-
genial occupation on familiar ground, but it
will open a broad and inviting field for immi-
gration to a country where there is room enough
for millions to live in abundant enjoyment, and
create wealth by their labor and skill; and the
influence of this added national income shall
send the white sails of peaceful commerce over
every sea and make our nation's triumph of
industry the wonder of the world.
The early history of the country is a struggle
against floods and a gaining of rich crops in
fortunate years. The engineer who laid out
New Orleans in 1717directed 11 a dikeor levee
to be raised in front of the city, the more
effectually to protect the city," and these
levees were found indispensable, each planter
building his own, of course in an irregular'and
unsafe manner.
In 1812, when Louisiana was admitted as a
State, levees extended along both sides of the
river, "except where the country was unoc-
cupied," as the historian tells us; but that
exception periled all. In 1850 the Federal
Government first recognized the national char-
acter of the levees by land grants for their aid,
and Louisiana, Mississippi, Arkansas, and Mis-
souri chose commissioners forthe care of levees
and sale of lands. But their imperfect systems
were often modified, and no large sales of
lands were effected. In 1857 the levees were
imperfect, unequal in height, sometimes very
solid and then narrow and weak, and failed to
offer any even and adequate resistance to the
floods. Alongthewestbankweregapsfromhalf
a mile to ten miles in width wholly unprotected.
Toward New Orleans the levees were more com-
plete, but terrible crevasses occurred in them.
It has not been so much the difficulty of this
great work as the uncertainty and want of
agreement and stability in differentStates that
have prevented success, and these are inevit-
able until all come under one comprehensive
plan and management.
"During the war of course all were neglected,
but since its close my own State has expended
over five million dollars on levees. But it is
said that $750,000 would more than pay for
all that the sweeping waters have left. We
have done what we could, but it seems almost
useless to work amid such uncertainties. The
inevitable result of such local and unequal
legislation and action is a patchwork of im-
perfect levees, unlike in height and breadth
in different districts and in different parts of
the same district, kept in repair or neglected
as the inspector or commissioner happens to
be faithful and competent or otherwise, and the
only remedy for this is a method and plan which
shall extend, under one management, from
Cape Girardeau to the Gulf, and along every
bayou and stream where levees are needed.
Give us that remedy, and work can be done
with some inspiring hope of success.
The southern commercial convention, held
at Louisville, Kentucky, last October, had this
matter under consideration, and their views
are given in the following resolutions, which I
am happy to offer as a confirmation by men of
ability and practical experience of the conclu-
sions I have sought to enforce :
"Resolved, That the Mississippi river is national in
its character, and that the general care of it belongs
to the Federal Government.
"It'evolved. That any system adopted forthe recla-
mation and protection of the alluvial lands of the
Mississippi should be uniform and comprehensive
throughout the whole valley, and based upon accu-
rate preliminary surveys, and examinations made
by the proper scientific officers of the United States
Government."
In quoting this opinion from so competent
an authority, allow me to refer to the memorial
of this convention, to the report of the com-
mittee of Louisiana on lands and levees, and
that of our State board of public works, and
to the very valuable and interesting report on
The Physics and Hydraulics of the Missis-
sippi, itsL^nrls, Levees, &c., prepared for the
War Department by those able and eminent
officers, General A. A. Humphreys and Lieu-
tenant H. L. Abbott, of our Army corps of
topographical engineers, asgivingfullerinform-
ation than is possible for me to give, and at
the same time to acknowledge my indebt-
edness for facts drawn from these authentic
sources in support of my arguments and prop-
ositions.
In his report, page 192, General Humphreys
says:
"An organized levee system must be depended
on for protection against Hoods m the Mississippi
valley."
