4946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
Mr. DIXON. I will tell the gentleman what
it means. It means that the islands shall be
leased for the best interests of the Government
to the parties who have been there, if they will
give as much as anybody else for the privilege.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Suppose
they; will not give as much as anybody else.
I think the gentleman had better strike out the
words about the parties heretofore engaged in
the trade.
Mr. DIXON. Oh, no.
Mr. DA.WES. Why should the gentleman
object to the amendment suggested by the
gentleman from Wisconsin?
Mr. DIXON. Because I do not propose to
accept it; that is'all.
Mr. CULLOM. I think the gentleman had
belter consent to strike out the words '1 parties
heretofore engaged in the trade."
Mr. DIXON. Well, I do not think I had.
Section five provides that at the expiration
of twenty years, or on surrender or forfeiture
of any lease, other leases may be made for the
term of twenty years ; prohibits the leasing to
any other than American citizens, and pro-
hibits the taking away of skins by any other
than American vessels. It requires that every
lease shall contain a covenant on the part of
the lessee that he will not keep, sell, furnish,
give, or dispose of any spirits or spirituous
liquors to any of the natives, and imposes
penalties for violations of this act and regula-
tions of the Treasury Department.
The sixth section requires that an annual
rent of not less than $50,000 shall be paid, or
the same shall be secured by the deposit of
United States bonds to that amount, and that a
tax or duty of two dollars shall be laid upon each
fur skin taken and shipped from said islands
during the continuance of said leases into the
Treasury of the United States; and the Sec-
retaiy of the Treasury is au'.horized to make
all needful rules and regulations for the col-
lection and payment of rent and duty, and for
the comfort, maintenance, education, and pro-
tection of the natives of said islands; and
provides further that the Secretary of the
Treasury may terminate any lease upon satis-
factory proof of the violation of any of the
provisions of this act or the rules and regula-
tions established by the Treasury Department;
and that one dollar shall be taxed upon every
skin now taken, &c.
Mr. CULLOM. I see by the first part of
the sixth section a tax of two dollars is pro-
vided on all skins hereafter to be taken*; but
the last clause provides that skins nowon hand
shall only be taxed one dollar. Why should
we make that difference ? Why should we not
tax those already on hand two dollars as well
as those hereafter to be taken?
Mr. DIXON. I have been inquired of in
relation to that sixth section. Prjor to the
treaty with Russia these two islands were under
the liussian Government, and in the posses-
sion of a Russian fur company. That com-
pany had been in possession of these islands
for many years, and been constantly increas-
ing the product of the islands under the pro-
tection given to the seals.
About the time when this territory came
into the possession of the American Govern-
ment under the treaty, certain enterprising
American citizens went to these islands. There
was a company from California and a com-
pany from Connecticut that went there. They
adopted for themselves the rules adopted by
the Russian Government or company. They
obeyed stricily those rules. Gentlemen ask if
this will compensate them for the good they
have done. Well, they did what they did for
the preservation of this interest.
Mr. DAWES. I will ask the gentleman if
both those companies are not now represented
in this bill?
Mr. DIXON. No -; neither of them is rep-
resented in it, that I know of.
Mr. DAWES. They are the men to be taken
care of under this bill.
Mr. DIXON. Some men who have been on
these islands have had their-property protected
under the permission of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
In 1808 we passed a law prohibiting the
killing of seals on these islands. Previous to
that time they had a perfect right to kill them;
they had a perfect right to destroy them, for
aught I know, and anybody else with the same
opportunities would have destroyed them
utterly. But, as I have just said, in 1868 we
passed a law prohibiting the killing of seals in
Alaska. The information of the passage of
that law did not reach Alaska until late in the
season. But from the day the news reached
them they stopped killing seals and taking
skins, and from that time there have been no
seals taken under the direction either of these
companies. Those that have been taken since
have been taken in the interest and under the
direction of the Government. The agents of
these parties have been upon these islands and
have purchased the skins of the seals so taken,
and have them now, or tliey are under the con-
trol of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, it did not seem to be exactly just to
these people, who had not the opportunities
for carrying on their business as they could
have carried it on, had they deliberately gone
upon the islands, who were subjected to very
great expense without a corresponding advan-
tage, having these skins which they have taken
by the permission of the Government—it did
notseem right to tax them at a higher rate than
this substitute proposes, that is, one dollar
per skin.
There has been much controversy as to the
number of skins which have been taken. I
believe the officials of the Government have
not themselves been able to agree about the
number. These parties say the skins are there
and can be counted.
These are the provisions of the substitute
reported by the Committee on Commerce,
who have examined the subject carefully and
thoroughly. They have examined every ques-
tion that gentlemen here have raised, and
they have come to the conclusion that the
measure they have reported is better than any
other project or proposition that has been sub-
mitted. I now call the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a few minutes before he calls the
previous question in order that I may submit
a few remarks upon this bill. I have prepared
with some care a few amendments which I
wish to offer to thi3 bill, and I desire to make
a few remarks upon them before he calls the
previous question, so that the House, if they
shall deem that they are worthy of consider-
ation, may vote down the call for the previous
question. Of course, after the previous ques-
tion shall have been ordered, there would be
no use in addressing the House upon the sub-
ject of amendments to this bill.
Mr. DIXON. I will yield to the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] for a
moment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I wish simply to
state in regard to the rate of one dollar fixed
in this bill, that the Committee on Commerce
appointed the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Sawyer] and myself to see the Secretary of the
Treasury upon the subject, and he fixed the sum
at one dollar per skin as an equitable and fair
price to be paid for the skins on the island.
Mr. PETERS. What is the evidence in
regard to these skins having been injured by
being kept there?
Mr. DAWES. I suppose the gentleman
is aware that the Secretary made other prop-
ositions?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The Secretary of
the Treasury, after taking into consideration all
the facts of the case, said that one dollar would
be fair, equitable, and just, and he fixed that
amount himself.
Mr. DIXON. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the House to permit
me to say a few words before they order the.
previous question. -
Mr. SCHENCK. ITmore debate is allowed
I shall want to be heard.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the previous question; and, upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 85, noes 27.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was, "Shall the main question
be now put? "
Mr. DAWES. Upon that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were sixteen in the
affirmative, not one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. DAWES called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there were fifteen in the affirmative,
not one-fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were not ordered; and the yeas
and nays were not ordered.
The main question was then ordered ; which
was upon agreeing to the substitute for the
Senate bill.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
i be heard for a moment on this question.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not rec-
ognize the gentleman as entitled to the floor
on that motion.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I will not press it. I
do not propose to force myself on the House ;
but 1 would like to be heard for one minute.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
substitute, it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, and read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I call
for thsypas and nays on the passage of this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 12-1, nays 87, not voting
G8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ambler, Archer. Arm-
strong, Arncll, Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey,
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Coburn, Conger,
Covode, Cox, Crebs, Degener, Dixon, Dockeiy, l>on-
ley, Dyer, Ela. Ferries, ferry. Fitch, Getz, llamble-
ton, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley,
Hellin, Hill, Holrnan, Hooper, Ingersoll, Johnson,
'l'homas L. Jonep, Judd, Kellogg, Kerr, Lash, Law-
rence, Logan, Marshall, Maynaid, McCarthy, 11c-
Cormick, McKenzie, McNcely, Milnes, Eliakim Jl.
Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Daniel J.
Morrell, Mnngen. Ifegley, Ncwsham, Orth, Palmer
Peek, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Pros-
ser,Reeves,Rogers, Roots, Sargent .Sawyer, Schenck,
Shanks, Lionol A.Sheldon, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stone, Strader, Strickland, Strong, Swaiin, Sweenevj
Taffe, Tanner, Taylor. Tillman. Townsend, Twichcil'
lyner, Van Horn, Welker. Wells, Wheeler, Whit--
more, Willard, Williams, J ohnT. Wilson, and Win-
chester—1*21.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Benjamin, Boles,
Boiven, Butlmton, Benjamin F. Butler, Cessna, Aa-
asa, Cobb, Culiom, Dawes, Dickinson, Finkelnbur!',
I is her, Griswold, Hale, Hay. ICellcy, Kelsey, Knapp,
Lallin, Lewis, Loughridge, Mctirew, Mercur, Myers,
0 iNeill, Fame, Sehumaker.Sherrod, John A. Smith,
U pson, Van Auken, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
W ukuison, and \\ oodward—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barry, Bearnan,
Beck, Biggs, Boyd George M. Brooks, Buck, Burr,
Cake, Churchul, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Conner
Cowles Davis Dickey,  ox, Duval, Eluridge. Farns-
worth, Jbox, tiarheld, Gibson, GilSUan, Halght, Hal-
deman. Hays, Hoar,lloge,Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Alex-
ander H- Jones, Julian, Keteham, Kuott, Lynch,
j Mas ham, l.lcCrary, Mcxvee, Jesae Jl. Moore,Samuel
P. Morrill, Morribsey, Niblaek, Packard, Packer,
Perce, Porter, Potter, Randall, Rice, ltid&way, Sau-
fnnl .sdrtfolel   i>t. ,i. .. .•<:  
i Wilson, Winans, Witehor, and Wood—*08.
| So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made :
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. On this
question I am paired with the gentleman from
