156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 12,
Ho. of Eeps.
The Tariff—Mr. Stone.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Again, while this bill taxes silk only sixty
per cent, ad valorem, it taxes flannel eighty-
five per cent. This bill follows the same prin-
ciple throughout; it takes advantage of men's
necessities; it lays hold on the poor's com-
forts and appropriates them to the Govern-
ment, but lets the dainties and superfluities
of the rich slip through its fingers. The line
lady who can dress in silks pays a tax of sixty
per cent, on her purchase, while the poor, hard-
worked wife of the laboring man has to pay
eighty-five per cent, on the flannel she buys
for the comfort of her home.
Again, under the existing tariff iron rails
ready for laying down are taxed sixty cents per
hundred pounds, or six mills per pound, while
cast-iron utensils used in every household are
taxed one and a half cent per pound. It is
true that by the bill now before the House the
tax on railroad iron is increased to one and a
quarter cent per pound, but the tax on cast-
iron utensils is raised also to one and three
quarters cent per pound. Thus is it found, in
running the eye over the whole tariff contained
in this bill, that discriminations have been made
against the great body of the people. You will
find that railroad corporations are not taxed as
high on their iron as the humble laborer is on
his. These great combinations of railroad cor-
porations and manufacturing corporations have
their powerful and ingenious advocates. They
have their representatives here both in and out
oi Congress. And this will be so as long as the
tariff exists.
'These heavy and onerous taxes are kept up
and laid in the face of the statement of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury that he has bought at a
high premium seventy-five millions of bonds
ot the United States, besides paying all the ex-
penses of a most extravagant Government.
The lull does, however, reduce the taxes on
two articles that are now necessaries to the
gr>.at body of the people, and tor that let them
In; duly thankful. It reduces the tax on tea
live cents a pound, and on coffee one cent. It
is a step in the right direction. It is true thero
are 110 tea or coffee factories to be protected.
There is no class of tea or coffee raisers to
clamor for a tax. AU are consumers of these
articles, and those who are loudest in their dec-
larations that protection cheapens the article
protected always take good care to lower the
unties on everything tliey use and consume.
'i his bill also gives a long list of articles that
are duty free. This list, is composed in groat
measure of drugs and chemicals to be used in
the manufactures or of raw material to be manu-
factured. There is not 011 this free list one
article that will do the people any service.
Anthracite coal is Ireo, but no anthracite coal
is imported or can be imported. After drugs
am! chemicals wo find such articles 011 the
free INt as rough diamonds, dragon's blood,
ivory, sea-weed, sandal-wood, turtles, &c., not
omitting broken glass. One can hardly for-
bear smiling, as he looks over the list of these
great concessions to the people, to see atid
know how liberal the tariff men arc to the
mass of the people in taking off the tax on
broken glass, and to allow them to buy drag-
en's blood, ivory, and turtles without any tax
at all.
f111. if the question is asked, how is the rev-
enue to be raised to carry 011 the Government,
I answer, that an ad valorem tariff can and
will liiiso the necessary amount as easily as the
protective. The justice and propriety of the a<l
valorem system is too manifest to be denied, and
so the protectionists attempt to justify their
departure from that correct principle by the
argument that it is liable to be evaded by false
and fraudulent valuations. But the small loss
that would or might occur from such a cause
is a trifle when compared to the injustice and
hardship to the consumer of the specific tax.
The army of custom hou <,-> ononis :>ow in the
service of the Government have surely ability
to detect and prevent fraudulent valuations.
It is their duty and business to prevent frauds
on the revenue, and it is almost puerile to
argue that they cannot stop fraudulent valua-
tions.
But although a tariff for revenue only and
based strictly on the ad valorem principle is
much less objectionable than the manifestly
unjust and iniquitous protective system, still
all duties on imports fall heavily on the labor
of the country. They are a tax on the labor-
ing class; and inasmuch as it bases its popu-
larity on the ignorance of the tax-payers and
its concealed and secret method of collection,
it is a cheat and a fraud. It is wrong. The
people should know what they are paying the
Government.
The question as to the means of raising
enough revenue from the States to carry on the
Government is a question of policy. It may
be done by a duty on imports imposed equally
and solely with a view to revenue, or it m ay be
done by a direct tax on the property of the
country. I believe the true principle to bo that
theproperty and wealth of the country, and not
its labor, should bear the burden of its tax-
ation. 1 believe that until such is the case the
Government will never be economically admin-
istered. This result may be partially readied
by a just ad valorem revenue tariff, but it can
only be perfectly reached by free trade. It
may be a long time before the people of the
country become thoroughly aroused to the in-
justice and hardship of the system of taxation
that falls heaviest on labor, but I believe thy
time will eventually come.
We have in the United States a double set
of tax-gatherers. One set collects the inter-
nal revenue tax, and the other the duty on
imports. V','e have for collecting the internal
levenuo a collector and an assessor in each
congressional district, with deputies in each
county. They could collect the whole amount
for the support of the Government. But in
addition wo have about four thousand other
officers employed to collect the customs, at
an expense, according to the report of the See-
rotary of the Treasury, of between five and six
million dollars per annum. Wo have costly
custom-houses built and kept up at a groat
expense, and also thirty-six revenue-cutters
maintained at avast cost, and all to protect
the manufacturing interest in reality. Wo thus
have two armies of tax-collectors where one
is suflicient. State, county, and city taxes are
imposed upon property, and not upon labor.
Why should the United States persist and con-
tinue to tax labor and exempt property? The
amount collected by the internal revenue offi-
cers last year was $175,000,000, while the cus-
toms revenue was §185,000,000. Thus the
direct tax-gatherers collected nearly as much as
the indirect. It is true the internal revenue
is an indirect tax in the main, but it is col-
lected by tax-gatherers. It has this advantage
over the tariff, that each tax-payer knows how
much he pays, while under a protective tariff
not one in ten thousand of the great body of
the people knows what he does pay.
Commissioner Weils estimates the value of
all the real and personal property in the Uni-
ted States at $23,000,000,000, and according
to the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
the total expenditures of the Government for
the fiscal year ending J unc 30, 1869, were a
little upward of three hundred and twenty-one
millions. Even at this extravagant rate of
expenditure a fraction of one per cent, would
yield what we now get from the customs and
free the labor of the country from the burden.
There would be 110 need of increasing the tax-
gatherers for this purpose; but by abolishing
the offices of those persons now employed 011
large salaries for collecting the customs we
should save to t!)" Government, according to
the showing of the Secretary of the Treasury
in his last report to Congress, more than five
millions annually. We should thus increase
the number of producers in the country by four
thousand men, the number at present employed
in collecting the customs.
A protective tariff is weighing heavily on the
great West, but she is here strong in numbers
and fully able to rescue her people from the
chains of the East. But there is another sec-
tion of the country still more affected by it, and
which is as yet so imperfectly represented that
she can do nothing. I mean the South. She is
more affected, more injured, more rapaciously
plundered by the tariff than all other sections
combined. By the statement of the Commis-
sioner of the Revenue it appears that the South
lost by the war more than twice as much prop-
erty as all the loyal States together. The loss
of the South, by his estimation, was $'2,700,-
000,000, and that of the loyal States $1,200,-
000,000. By the census of 1860 it appears that
the annual value of the products of New Eng-
land manufactures was upward of $468,000,-
000; of the manufactures of the middle States,
about $802,000,000; of the western States,
$384,000,000; and of all the southern States,
$155,000,000. 'The southern States, who are
less able to pay bounties to manufactures than
any of the other States, receive of those boun-
ties—for of such a protective tariff consists—
less than one half as much as the western States,
less than 0110 third as much as the eastern
States, and less than one fifth as much as the
middle States.
Congress some years ago appointed a Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, L>avid A. Wells,
to examine the whole subject of raising the rev-
enue. lie was and is a itepublican and a pro-
tective-tariff man ; but he brought to the dis-
charge of his duty honesty, intelligence, and
industry. The result of his labors is before
the country in a series of reports. One con-
clusion to which ho has come is so pregnant
with information that 1 cannot forbear advert-
ing to it. He shows that the laboring classes
in the United States are not as well to do, do
not get as much for their labor now, under a
high protective tariff, as before the war, under
a low tariff, and that the price of every neces-
sary has risen more than their wages. This is
applicable to the men who work in the great
"protected" manufacturing establishment';.
Their wages have, it is true, been advanced;
but the cost of their living lias advanced more
than their wages. This is the "protection to
American industry" so vaunted. If this is so
with regard to the workmen in the factories,
whose wages have been raised, how is it with
agriculture, where wages have not been raised,
but which has to bear the burden of the tax:
It is sometimes said by tariff men that the duty
011 imports is a voluntary tax, and that no one
need to pay it; that if no imported articles are
bought 110 tax is paid by those who do not buy;
that the lax is not compulsory. But, Mr.
Speaker, the compulsion is greater than if the
tax-gatherer stood at the door. Who can live
without food and clothing, and who can woik
withont the implements of his trade or pro-
fession? If is these that bear the heavy tax.
"Who can live without salt, wool, cotton, and
iron ? It is upon these that a protective tariff
always fixes its merciless grasp.
Every great interest in thecountiy seems to
have its friends upon this floor and in these
lobbies, except one. The ship- owner, the mer-
chant, the manufacturer, and the railroad have
each and all their able and zealous represent-
atives. But the one great interest, which is
the foundation upon which they all rest, seems
friendless; I mean the agricultural. With the
exception of the able and efficient head of the
Department of Agriculture no one in or arouud
Congress seems to care for that class. They
ask 110 protection and no bounties. They do
