1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2115
benefit. Howmuch do you suppose this bounty
will amount to ? The revenue received in 1868
from the importation of plates was $1,723,000.
If the same quantity continues to be intro-
duced annually, and the uses of tin multiply
as rapidly as they have done for several years,
the enhancement of price to the consumers by
reason of this duty will exceed $1,700,000,
and this is the cost of the tender sympathy of
the country for one man I
MM AND #UB HATS.
If there existed on earnest desire to so
amend the existing laws as to relieve mate-
rially the burdens of the people and reduce the
prices of the necessaries of life and comfort, it
would not be difficult to find ways to accom-
plish it. For example, the Treasury derives
from the duties imposed upon the different
materials which enter into the manufacture of
felt and fur hats about $300,000. The capital
employed in that manufacture in this country
is about $20,000,000, and gives work to about
15,000 hands. The material of which these
hats are made is cony fur, which pays a duty
of 20 per cent. The silk lining and silk hat-
band, a form of silk made exclusively for hats,
pay a duty of 60 per cent. The leather sweat-
band pays 35 per cent. The imported hat itself,
finished, pays 36 per cent., thus proving that
the constituents of which the hats are made, and
which are nearlyall imported, pay higher duties
than the same materials when put together
in the form of a hat. Before the war ono sev-
enth part of all the fur and felt hats produced in
the country were exported, and the compara-
tive domestic consumption was much greater
than at present. Now, under the influence of
the high rates of duty on the materials of which
hats are made these great branches of iudustry
are nearly prostrated. Hardly a singlo hat is
sold out of the country, and the price lias been
so much enhanced to the domestic consumer
that the domestic consumption has been greatly
curtailed. Now, for whose benefit is it that
these excessivo duties on the materials of hats
are maintained?
_ Our people are not yet so bereft of occupa-
tion as to find it necessary to grow rabbits for
their fur; and tho business of cutting fur from
the imported rabbit skins is almost wholly in
tho hands of ono house in the city of Brooklyn,
employing but, few men, as the work is mainly
done by machiuery. The same thing is com-
paratively true also in regard to the manufac-
ture of the silk lining, silk ribbons, and inside
leather that are produced to buta very limited
extent in the United States; and the whole
capital and number of hands employed in their
production, for the purpose of making hats, is
not ono fiftieth part of those employed in the
hat manufacture. Wo have, therefore, a great
branch of industry, natural to the country, and
one which affects the pockets of every man and
boy in the United States, crushed and broken
down in order that a few trifling and exotic
branches of industry may flourish. Take off
the duties from the materials of hats and hats
will be produced so cheap that domestic con-
sumption will increase, the burden of price be
lessened to_ tho consumer, export to foreign
countries will be resumed, employment given
to shipping and to a far greater number of
men than are now employed in cutting fur or
making the silk and leather linings. Tho most
ingenious machines for making hats in the
world are the product of American invention.
They arc superior to anything of the kind used
in Europe, and yet the economy of these ma-
chines has been completely neutralized and
lost to our people by this oppressive adjust-
ment of the tariff. For a most inconsiderable
revenue, and to protect a few men, consumers
are thus subjected to the loss of millions, and
industry and commerce are deprived of their
legitimate gains.
Another illustration of the injurious effect of
the tariff in restricting the development of an
industry, and the enjoyment by the people of
the fruits of its successful development, is to
be found in the manufacture of boots and shoes.
Since 1860 the improvements in machinery for
making them have been such that a workman
can turn out 25 per cent, more product in a
given time than before, and yet the price of
boots and shoes, in gold, is higher to-day than
it was previous to the invention of this machin-
ery. The result is that all the export trade has
been lost, the price greatly enhanced to the
domestic consumer, the full development of
our capacity in the business prevented, and
general industry and commerce retarded. Thus
millions are sacrificed to an unwise and sui-
cidal policy, to an unequal and dishonest dogma
of protection. Why not reduce the duties on
imported leather and the other constituents of
boots and shoes, and thereby give the country
substantial relief?
CONCLUSION.
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I will onlv
refer briefly to one other of the common de-
vices of the protectionists. They habitually
attempt to depreciate tho teachings of the
great writers on political economy by casting
reproach upon their motives and denying their
sincerity and disinterestedness, because they
all utterly condemn their dogmas and theories.
They well understand that men familiar with
the writings of these great reformers cannot
be thus misled or deceived. But they hope to
excite popular prejudices against them. Tho
people should remember that from Adam
Smith, tho great author of the "Wealth of
Nations;" to tho present age, these political
economists have been men of quiet, unpreten-
tious habits, of pure find irreproachable lives,
of great learning and thought, devoting their
time and talents to the discovery of truth upon
the clear principles of induction and sound
reason; cherishing a noble ambition to pro-
mote the welfare of mankind, without any
preference for classes, sections or nations; and
arraigning at the bar of justice and convicting
by tho testimony of simple truth the systems
of protection throughout the world, and the
cruel and grasping cupidity of all such partial
mid class legislation. It is alike ungenerous
and unjust to insinuate in the interests of high
tariffs that such men as John Stuart Mill, of
liiigland, the late Dr. Francis Waylaud, of
Brown University, or Mr. Perry and Mr.
Walker, of to-day, economists of great distinc-
tion, are venal writers for pay, and it evinces
only the weakness of their slanderers.
Mr-WlkSON, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, few
bills, I apprehend, have ever been examined
with greater care by the American people than
the one now under consideration; and while
many will take exceptions to some of its pro-
visions, none will question the ability or patri-
otic motives by which the committee have been
guided. In this, as in other similar cases, con-
flicting interests have come in contact, and of
course tho representatives of some of them
must be dissatisfied; but the country, t think,
will unite m according to the Committee of
Ways and Means tho high merit of having
adhered to such revenue provisions as will pro°
tect tho honor and credit of the nation. The
very large number of articles added to the free
list entitles the bill to favor; and I trust it may
bo amended in a few important particulars and
then passed into a law.
_ Few questions in this country have given
rise to so much earnest discussion or so great
a division of sentiment as that of a protective
tariff; one party proclaiming that protection
was not only the life-blood of manufactures,
but of all other American industries, while the
other with equal zeal, has proclaimed that a
tariff for any purposes other than those of rev-
enue was destructive of the interests of the
masses and subversive of their rights. And
so nearly balanced have the two parties been
on this question that the views of neither have
been molded into a policy which has assumed
the forma of law for a greater period than a
few consecutive years at any one time. Nor
is there, in my judgment, any other question
of national politics in which the prosperity and
happiness of the American people are so largely
involved.
Before entering upon the examination of the
historical facts connected with this subject in
our own country it may not be improper to
takea cursory view of the history of some other
nations, and learn, if we can, whether they have
been more prosperous, and whether they have
advanced more rapidly in the elements of wealth
and greatness under protection or free-trade
laws.
In addition to agriculture nature has given
other resources to every country, which, if not
developed, must and will tend to poverty, ignor-
ance, and demoralization. Husbandry cannot
stand alone and add wealth to the nation, but
must have those other indispensable concom-
itants, manufactares and commerce. No nation
ever has or ever can become independent, great,
and powerful which fails to diversify her indus-
tries and at the same time protect them by legis-
lative enactments, thereby affording constant
employment to every workingmau at remuner-
ative prices, that he may be able not only to
live comfortably,but also to educate and prepare
his children for entering upon the great theater
oflife.
PORTUGAL.
Few countries in the world have enjoyed
greater natural advantages and gifts than Por-
tugal.^ With her genial climate and product-
ive soil she was at the close of the seventeenth
century a prosperous and happy nation, hav-
ing learned the art of combining manufac-
tures, particularly those of wool, with her agri-
culture, her looms furnishing cloth not only
sufficient for the wants of her own people, but a
considerable amount for export; thus increasing
her commerce and lessening her dependence
upon tho chances of trade abroad. But her
fatal retrograde movement was made in 1703,
when her administration entered into treaty
engagements by which, in return for favors
accorded to her wines, she allowed import-
ations of the only goods she was able to man-
ufacture successfully at merely nominal rates
of duty, thereby ignoring the policy of cre-
ating a home market for her food and wool by
which her commerce would have been stimu-
lated and her nationality strengthened. The
effect was that her markets were supplied with
t.io manufactures of other nations, and her
precious metals disappeared. Hence, the
British Merchant, volume three, page 15, says:
Hut .'ifler taking off the prohibition we brought
'J much of their silver jt<< to leave them very
liltlo tor their necessary occasions, and then we began
to bring away their gold."
Urns by the introduction of free trade the
foundation of her ruin was laid; her home
market for breadstuff's was exchanged for a for-
eign market for her wine; but now that has
partially failed, because of the constant with-
drawal from the soil of the elements of which
grapes are composed. Thus her unwise and
ratal policy has eventuated in national poverty
and imbecility, her population constantly de-
clining in numbers, but increasing in demoral-
izatioii and ignorance.
TURKEY.
No country in Europe is possessed of natural
1 ASnS+i?q?ali-° those of the TwKsb em-
pire. AH the leading agricultural productions
♦? d wor° successfally cultivated there
fin,   f P oentary. Her cotton lands
alone, under proper cultivation, are capable of
I n feiw amoun,t °.f that article sufficient to
cinl Jl J •'Cur.°Pe' wjt! n her domain are found
to nit ■ Vi°n 1D ^adance, and of quality equal
!nt 1-^ M in Parts of the empire
I is said that the hills seem a mass of carbon-
e copper. _ Indeed, nature seems to have
done everything for that country, while she has
done so little for herself; for of all the people
o Uiurope perhaps none approach so nearly
tiie condition of absolute slavery as the labor-
ing classes of Turkey. Two centuries ago
western liurope had no trade equal to that of
