1870. j
4Jst Oo3tu....2d Sess.
APFiiJMDlX TO THE G03S1GKESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
Funding Sill—Mr. Fowler,
Senate.
not ask Congress to tax all the rest of the
country for their benefit ; they only ask io be
left aloneund nottaxed for the bonefit of others.
They ask no special privileges ; they only ask
that all industries be left free. It is time their
voice should be hoard. They will be heard, and
that, I hope, right soon, demanding, in unmis-
takable tones, relief from the unjust, iniqui-
tous, and unequal taxatiou imposed by a pro-
tective tariff.
Funding Bill.
SPEECH OF HON. JOSEPH S, l?OAVLEB,
OF TENNiiSSKK,
In the Sen'ate of the Uxitkd St\tes,
March 0, 1870.
The Senate having under uoEi&iduratiou tho bill
U3. >.-N-'; to authorize the rctunding and consolida-
tion of tbo national debt, to extend hanking facil-
ities, and to establish spccie payments—
Mr. FOWLER said:
Mr. President : The importance anu mag-
nitude of the bill before the Senate is a sulli-
cient reason for eliciting a prolonged and thor-
ough discussion. It is adequate to induce each
Senator to declare the views which determ-
ined his action in the premises. The measure
which is to bind the labor of the country to the
pavment of $1,200,000,000 may well deter the
reflecting part of this body from a hasty decis-
ion. lie is indeed a bold man that would chain
the producers of tlx; country to a task that
must demand the energies of more than one
generation. The man who would lay his heavy
burdens upon the future should hesitate to act
until he knows that he is right, prudent, and
practicable.
'The end proposed by tho friends of the meas-
ure is good in itself. In this conclusion there
can scarcely be a dissenting voice. Assuming
without careful exactness that the nation owes
an interest-bearing debt to the amount of
y-2.107,000.000. Thi;; amount is embraced in
the bonded debt alone. It is this part of our
debt that presses so heavily upon tile produc-
tion of the country. The principal pait of the
remaining §500,000,000 of the debt, so far
from taxing the industry, on the contrary is its
best and almost only support. On this ques-
tion I propose to speak in future. Waiving the
circumstances thar. eal'ed into existence the
debt and the moans resorted to to obtain the
funds demanded, we take the obligation as it
now rests upon the nation, and seek to mitigate
its burden and shorten the toilsome hours of
a torturing scourge. It is not now nor can it
now become a work of lovo and pleasure to
meet its grave responsibilities. As it lays its
heavy hands upon the toil-worn sons of industry
it cannot fail to be a constant reminder of
baffled hope and wasted fortunes. Debt, sanc-
tify it by whatever of beauty, glory, or worth
the strongest pinions of the imagination can
throw around it, is after all but slavery. The
debtor is the bondman of the creditor. Aug-
mented means of production, the stern laws
of necessity, may be plead in mitigation of the
condition, but it is still a vulture lacerating the
vitals and drinking up the youthful blood of its
victims. If any measure can be devised that
can relieve this burden and sweeten the years
of labor that are thus consecrated to slavery, it
is the duty of every good man to support and
encourage its enactments.
1 regard the present as one of the measures
designed for that end, and to that purpose will
give it my support. It seeks to substitute
§1,200,000,000 of a debt bearing a lower rate
-of interest for $1,200,000,000 of the present
debt bearing a higher rate of interest, whereby
$18,000,001) annually of interest may be saved
to the producers of the country. Whether the
details of the measure are the best calculated
to produce the desired result or not I am not
prepared nor do I now propose to discuss, if
so much or any considerable amount can bo
saved to the industries of the country without
embai'rassing the present obligations or without
in any manner complicating our arrangements
to meetthe payments of interestand principal,
then 1 see no good reason for refusing to those
who may desire the opportunity to try the ex-
periment. It is possible that abetter provision
might be made, but since it has not, then it
may be wisdom to adopt the present.
The proposed plan is to place upon the mar-
kets of the world a certain number of bonds
bearing a lower rate of interest than the pres-
ent, payable, principal and interest, in coin, to
be sold at par lor coin, with which to take up out-
present high interest-hearing bonds at a rate
above par, unless the Government may, as it
will, claim the right to redeem her bonds. The
new bonds will have no advantage over the old.
The pledge made by Congress is the same in
both cases. The fulfillment of that pledge is
the only guarantee for any payment. The only
difference is one bears a higher rate of interest
than tho other. So that if the bonds should
both go into the market they would command
different prices. Individuals will seldom be
found ready to relinquish a prolific bearer for
one lessso where tho fruit is equally good under
similar circumstances. Nor can bonds at high
rates be exchanged for others at low rates un-
less some coercive stimuli are applied. This
is not to be expected under the present or any
ordinary circumstances. Having admitted the
obligation and promised payment in the best
funds known to the commercial world, there
rcniains.only the one duty, and that is, to exe-
cute the contract according to the pledge.
The present bill contemplates tho issuing of
SI,'200,000,000 in three different kinds of
bonds, at three different rafes of interest: one
third at live per cent., one third at four and a
half per cent., and one third at, four per cent.,
making an average of four and a half per cent,
ou the whole. While I am not prepared to say
that either tho present time or tho proposed
i«les are most fortunate, still I am willing to
make the effort. It. is probable that at this
time no better adjustment could be obtained.
Patience might soon place us on higher grounds,
and if a reasonable prospect exists for such a
change we should hesitate now to bind our
industry to such a burden.
As I propose to discuss the question of the
financial policy upon general principles rather
firm to examine minutely the provisions of this
bill, 1 will direct my attention to the funda-
mental doctrines that should regulate our views
on this and kindrpd measures. The firm adher-
ence to great principles will work out happily
all the minor details of a measure. It is the
abstract conception of the measure after all
that determines its practicability. It is the
remote and iulangibh; thought that evolves all
the phenomena.
In this, as in ail the affairs of the State,
certain limits are imposed upon the action of
tho Government by the Constitution, the great
charter of our Union and our liberties and
rights, it will become important to refer some
ot the questions to its arbitrament, to ascer-
tain whether they are within the boundaries
prescribed for legislative authority. None of
the objects and purposes enunciated in its
preamble are to be rejected or ignored, nor
tire any of the powcis delegated to the Gov-
ernment which are necessary to the full and
perfect performance of these purposes to be
denied their fall force and effect. Nor is the
opposite heresy less, but more daiigerous, to
wrest from the instrument powers by con-
struction inhibited to it, be that inhibition
wise or unwise, useful or pernicious, but called
forth by the pressing emergency of surround-
ing circumstances. Believing that instrument
and a fair and legitimate construction ade-
quate for all the demands of peace or war, I
am unwilling to leave the chart which our
great and wise ancestors illuminated with the
wisdom ami experience of all the past made
for our .guidance. To the solution of the
problem before us I propose to apply some of
its principles and to be governed by its ever-
living^ spirit. The question before us is the
exercise of one ol its permanent powers and
imperative obligations. The nation has the
clear right to ''borrow money," and it is
made one of its constitutional duties "to pay
the debts and provide for the common defense
and general welfare of the United States."
To execute these duties in harmony with the
Constitution in all other respects is imperative.
Tho proper solution of the problem demands
a careful consideration for the welfare and
prosperity of the people while the payment of
this debt is being made, and ample provision
for a liberal and economical administration of
the Government. In seeking to attain the last
two objects the former may not under any cir-
cumstances be neglected. Industry need not,
and therefore should not be unduly tasked or
meanly guarded and watched. Ttmust not be
haunted by spies, informers, and salaried ter-
riers of alaw strange and unsuited to the genius
of a free, enlightened, manly, and honorable
people. The American citizen is master of
his own labor and its accumulated producti on s;
he may not bo required to open his home, his
property, his motives, and desires beyond his
good pleasure to the inspection of tax-gather-
ers, stimulated to harass and annoy from a
passion whetted by the servile compliance to
a master's will on whose smile or frown is sus-
pended the bread of their wives and children.
That entire freedom from inspection, so dear
to every citizen, that inestimable inheritance
defended by so much sacrifice and suffer-
ing, must bo maintained inviolate. It would
be a breach of good faith and the admitted
and legally protected rights of the citizen to
invade it. The Government can be readily
supported and the debt discharged in a man-
ner entirely consistent with the rights and
happiness of the people if the measures are
matured under the lights of reason, experience,
and justice.
As the magnitude of the debt foibids iis
payment in a short peiiod, it would be an
oppressive and useless effort to cxtoit it by an
exorbitant system of taxation. An adequate
time must be allowed for the consummation
of so great a result. Assuming tho importance
of adequate time as admitted and desired, we
will proceed to inquire more directly into the
mode by which it shall or may be effected, so
as not to affect in a degree greater than neces-
sary the public good. The first and most de-
sirable end to be obtained is complete justice
io the holders of our obligations, the nation,
and the citizens thereof. This is to be pur-
sued by the most efficient means consistent
with the public welfare attainable. The dis-
covery of the means is to bo made in the actual
practice that time and experience have proved
good among nations and m the ordinary affairs
and transactions of individual life. "To this
favor" must wo all come at last in the domain
of utility.
When p.ii individual is unable to pav his debts
upon demand he presents his ciuuit backed bj
the best securities he can procure, lie well
knows that in the money markets his own good
faith must be supported with some tangible
evidences of capacity, and tho stronger these
evidences are made the lower will bo the rates
demanded of him. He mortgages his property
for tbo security of his paper. So nations have
pursued the same course by mortgaging certain
specified adequate funds to insuie, within •>
reasonable time, the entire payment of the
debt. Prudent business men might lend to
