1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4003
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that a debatable ques-
tion ?
ThePRESlDENTpro tempore. It is not.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Minne-
sota [Mr. Ramsey] is not here, and no motion
displacing the bill ought to be made in his
absence.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debatable. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Kansas, to place the bill
at the foot of the Calendar of special orders.
Mr. BOREMAN. I simply wish to suggest
to the Senator from Kansas, that the Senator
from Minnesota who has this bill in charge is
not here at present, and it might be doing him
some injustice to pat the bill at the foot of the
Calendar in his absence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Cole, Corbett, Edmunds,
Flanagan, Fowler, Harlan, Lewis, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Maine, -\'ye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Revels,
Robertson, Pvoss, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart, Thayer,
Tipton, Vickers, Warner, and Williams—2>.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham. Carpenter. Casserly, Chand-
ler, Colliding, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howard,
Howe, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, McCreery. Mor-
rill of Vermont, Pratt, Ramsey, Rico, Snub-bury,
Scburz, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, and Trumbull—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Gattcil, .Ken-
ton , Ferry, Gilbert, Harris. Morton. Norton, Patter-
son, Stockton, Sumner, Thuiman, V/iiloy, Wilson,
and Yates—16.
So the motion of Mr. Pomeroy was not
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. SPRAGUE.
Question on the bill.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Minnesota give way to me for one moment?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir ; I will not give way
to anything.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate as iu Committee of the
Whole, and the pending question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Drake] to the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
them reported, that wo may know what they
are.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Sherman, which was to add to the bill the
following:
But nothing herein contained shall be construed
to repeal or affect the existing laws allowing the pub-
lishers of weekly newspapers to send to each actual
subscriber, within the county where their papers are
printed and published, one copy thereof free of
postage.
The amendment ofMr. Drake to the amend-
ment was to strike out all after the word "but"
and insert:
This shall not be construed as repealing the pro-
visions in favoi of publishers of newspapers and
periodicals, contained in the second section of the
act of August 30,1852, entitled "An act to amend the
act entitled ' An act to reduce and modify the rates
of postage inthe United States, and for other pur-
Ptgos,' passed March S. 1851."
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, in support
of the amendment which I offered when this
bill was up before to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Ohio I desire to say a, few
words. My amendment refers to a provision
m the act of August 80, 1852, which is in these
words:
"The publishers of newspapers and periodicals
may send to each other from their respective offices
of publication, free of postage, one copy of each pub-
lication; and may also send to each actual sub-
scriber, inclosed in their publications, bills and re-
ceipts for the same free of postage. The publishers
of weekly newspapers may send to each actual sub-
scriber within the county where their papers are
printed and published one copy thereof free or post-
age."
I desire to retain that provision of the law
in existence. I desire that the weak country
newspapers shall have these privileges, which
they have had for nearly twenty years, con-
tinued to them. I am perfectly satisfied that
the whole outcry in this country for the abolition
of the franking privilege has been understood
by the people of the country without the least
reference whatever to the privilege that existed
of free exchanges between newspapers, and
of the free circulation of a newspaper within
the county of its publication. I do not believe
that the people of the country have ever for
one moment thought of such a thing as that
these privileges of the country papers should
be cut off. The outcry for the destruction of
these privileges comes from the great papers
of our cities, those pape^ that are to bo most
benefited by it to the utter destruction of
many hundreds of the local newspapers of the
country.
I appeal to the Senate on behalf of the weak
against the strong; on behalf of the dollar news-
papers which are published in our counties and
circulate among our country people; on behalf
of papers that are established for the purpose
of communicating local information to the peo-
ple with regard to the affairs in their own neigh-
borhoods. I can see no good to come to the
country as is now proposed by the entire abo-
lition of the franking privilege, thus cutting off
this free intercommunication and free dissem-
ination of knowledge among the publishers of
the country. The whole inclination of my mind
in this matter is in favor of those papers that
have but slender means of support, a narrow
foundation and small capital, against the giant
papers of the cities, which would sweep them
all away. Sir, it is from these little papers
that we are to find the honestest judgment of
this country on its public affairs, in my opinion,
and I do not see why we should have this blow
aimed at the thousands of little papers through
the country merely to help build up the already
colossal fortunes ofthegreat metropolitan jour-
nals of the country.
The amendment of the Senator from Ohio
does not go as far as mine does. I wish to
have the whole privilege contained in the por-
tion of the act of 1852 which 1 have read con-
tinued to these struggling little papers over
the country. The amendment of the Senator
from Ohio does not go as far. Those who
wish to sustain the country papfers in their sev-
eral States, who wish to sustain the papers
that are of valueto every neighborhood iu their
States, will vote for tho amendment which I
have offered; and lhope it will be adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I desire to
call the attention of the Senate to one fact,
with a view of taking its judgment whether it
would be wiser to continue the consideration
of this bill now. The Commissioner of Indian
Affairs has called on me repeatedly, as chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
drawn my attention to the fact that the Indian
department usually makes purchases to sup-
ply the wants of that service in the month of
March or in the early part of the month of
April. This cannot be done with propriety
until after the Indian appropriation bill has
been passed, in order that the Commissioner
may know what funds will be at his disposal
for'the service. We are now in June ; it will
necessarily occupy some time to mature that
bill. 1 therefore submit to the Senate whether
it is wise to delay the action of Congress on
that bill any longer. As I understand from
the chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, he does not expect that this
bill in relation to the franking piivilege will
take effect until the 1st of July. It is known,
I suppose, to every one that this bill will pass
when the Senate can conveniently come to a
vote on the subject.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to ask the
honorable Senator whether he knows that fact
himself. If I could be assured that he knows
the fact that the bill will pass, although I do
not know it, it would be a great relief to me.
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot say that I know
it.as I would know the result of a mathematical
demonstration ; but I know it morally from
expressions that have been made all around
the Chamber, from various Senators. More
than a majority of the members of the Senate
have expressed themselves in favor of the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. By their votes 1
Mr. HARLA.N. By their speeches.
Mr. RAMSEY. Ah I The votes are the
most important expression.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not wish to be diverted
from the point I am presenting to the Senate.
If Congress delays making the necessary ap-
propriation for the Indian service, and evil
grows out of it, as necessarily will be the case,
I prefer that the responsibility shall be with
those who occasion that delay. I do not de-
sire, as a member of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to withhold the fact that the Depart-
ment say the service is now suffering for the
want of this action on the part of Congress.
Delay will result in evil to the service. Delay
in the consideration of the pending bill will
not result in any evil, as far as I can see. I
therefore move that this bill be passed over,
with the view 
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator, before
he makes that motion, allow me to make an
additional statement ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNEll. The Senate is aware that
some time ago I introduced a bill, and gave
notice that at the proper time I hoped to move
it as a substitute for the pending measure. My
bill provides not only for the abolition of the
franking privilege, but for the simplification of
our whole postal system and the reduction of
postage.
On that great question—-I submit one of the
most important we could entertain in this
Chamber—I desire to be heard somewhat at
length. I hope at the proper time to throw
myself upon the indulgence of the Senate to
be heard. 1 did not expect this measure to be
brought up to-day. When we left last evening
it was understood—at any rate, I so under-
stood—that we were to proceed with the Indian
appropriation bill to-day, which I supposed
would take to-day and to-morrow; and I
thought at an early day next week the Senate
would be in order to proceed with the franking
bill. I so expressed myself to my friend, the
Senator from Minnesota, who has the bill in
charge; and I hope myself some time next
week, so far as I am concerned, to be ready to
proceed with the bill, sincerely, honestly, with
a view of carrying it to a vote ; but while I
declare that desire, I have to say that I do
think the Senate ought not to press it to a vote
without considering all the associate questions
which are involved in the proposition to abol-
ish the franking system. 1 call it "a system,"
not a privilege. It has become a system and
a part of our institutions, and I am unwilling
to see it rudely cut down without any effort to
introduce at the same time some equivalent
system which can in a certain measure supply
what the franking system has supplied.
That, sir, is my object, and on that I say I
wish to be heard. Do 1 ask too much of my
associates in the Senate? I am not ready to
proceed to-day, and therefore I unite with my
friend from Iowa, in the hope that the Senate
to-day will proceed with the Indian appropri-
ation bill, and will allow the lrauking bill to
come up some time next week.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think it was the New
York Tiibune that a month or two since ex-
pressed apprehension that the bill to abolish
the franking privilege was in danger from its
own friends in this body, in danger from the
multitude of friends it had here; it had too
many friends. My honorable friend from Iowa,
who has been here all this session and watched
the coming up of this bill from day to day,
never was so zealous to put it off as he is to day,
now that it is up.
Mr. HOWE. I ask my friend from Minne-
sota not to spend any time in demonstrating
