1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
and the reply from Mr. Hewitt to bitn, in which
he reasserts this very fact, that it is the difference
between the cost, of labor in America and the
cost of labor in Europe that makes the differ-
ence between the twe, and that to that extent
protection is absolutely necessary ; and taking
Mr. Hewitt as authority, the difference between
forty dollars and sixty dollars would be the
amount which would be required for the pur-
' poses of protection.
But, in addition to that, having given Mr.
Hewitt as his authority,, he then proceeds to
state that other authorities have been given to
him since this inquiry was made, in confidence;
and I wish to -call attention to one of them.
There was one of them given with very great
alacrity. The statement is that in less than
twenty-four hours after this resolution was
offered in the Senate, the Commissioner was
called tipon by a gentleman "holding high
official position in Washington cily," who fur-
nished him a statement of what he had discov-
ered in the anthracite region of Pennsylvania
during a visit there. I ask, under what Govern- j
ment does that high official hold his position?
I know that the representatives of her Britannic .
Majesty were hospitably entertained and well
received during the last summer, and all the
sources of information in regard to the cost of
pig-iron were thrown open to them in all the !
valleys and in all the furnaces ofPennsylvania
that they saw proper to visit, just as they would
be thrown open to any man in whom they had
confidence that he would use the information
fairly and honestly. Who was it that hurried
from this Senate Chamber in less than twenty-
four hours after this resolution was offered, to
communicate to the Special Commissioner of j
the Revenue hiB data obtained in traveling ■
through the State of Pennsylvania, when the j
Commissioner says that those data are closed to i
him? I ask again, is it a high official under i
the Government of the United States, or under
her Majesty the queen of Great Britain, who
wishes to supply us with pig-iron and put out
the 6res of our furnaces, and supply as with the
product of her laborers at ninety cents a day
instead of employing otar own at $1 80?
That is information which I should like to
have. _ If the Bureau of Statisticsis worth any-
thing, is it to be a sealed bureau, into which
the representatives of other countries may pour
their information in confidence, but when a
resolution comes from the Senate to unlock
this sealed bureau, are we to be told that the
imJaatrieS of Pennsylvania, the industries of
Ohio, the iridnstries of Missouri, the industries
of Tennessee and Alabama are to be stabbed
by confidential anonymous information locked
up in the Bureau of Statistics, and not to be
given to the Senate of the United States when
we ask for it ? It would have beeti more con-
sistent with the character of a high officer,
intrusted with high confidence by the American
Government, if there had been nothing said
about confidential communications upon which
are to be based the rates of revenue that are to
affeet the industries of the country for years to
come.
The Commissioner deprecates the making of
a social or personal issue between the parties
who may have given this information and those
who are seeking these data andthis information.1
I fear none such. I have in my drawer letters
from gentlemen in Tennessee, from gentlemen
iri St. Louis, from gentlemen in Pittsburg,
from gentlemen in Redding, the names of all
of whom I will give to the Finance Committee,
orto the Special Commissioner of the Revenue,
and I will ask that every man ofthem be brought
before the Finance Committee and be subjected
to a rigorous cross-examination by the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue, if you please,
upon this question so deeply affecting their
interests. But while I do that I protest in the
name of my people and of the industries of this
country against an officer, clothed with the
power and the duty of collecting the statistics
of the country, sending to the Senate that he
has what are to us anony mous communications,
upon which he asks Congress to base its action.
He has made the issue. The issue is between
European and American labor.
I ask no protection for the iron manufacturer;
for the proprietors of forges and furnaces and
rolling-mills. Men who have capital enough to
go into that business can protect themselves.
But I do ask protection for the difference be-
tween the laborer at ninety cents a day, ill-fed,
ill-clothed, unable to educate his children so as
to make them fit citizens of a free republic, and
the well-fed, well-clothed, and well-educated
American laborer, who wishes to make his
children intelligent citizens. It is with this
view that I ask for this information. As I have
already said, I have numerous letters which I
intended to read, but will not further trespass
i upon the courtesy of the Senate. They may
probably be of more service at a future period,
when the question whether these industries
are to be brought down to competition with
European labor, or whether they are to be kept
up to the standard of American labor, shall
come before the Senate, and when that time
comes I shall seek to use them if it be then
necessary.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The naval defi-
ciency bill is now before the Senate.
_Mr. SUMNER. With the permission of my
friend from Maine, before that subject is taken
up, I ask leave to be excused from further ser-
vice upon the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ? The Chair hears none, and the Senator
is excused.
NAVAL DEFICIENCIES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope we shall
now go on with the regular order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Maine whether he expects
this bill to occupy much time, because I think
it important that we should take up the bill for
the recognition of the State of Mississippi. I
regard it as a privileged question, and one which
the Senate should act upon at the earliest pos-
sible time. I will state to the Senate that this
bill from the House has been pending a num-
ber of days in the committee, because we were
without the necessary information with regard
to the adoption of the constitution and the
action in the S tate of Mississippi. We reported
it at the earliest moment after we obtained
that information, and I think it due to the
State and the subject that we should take early
action. I do not wish to interfere with this*
appropriation bill if we can get up the Missis- j
sippi bill afterward, in time to act upon it to- I
day; but I hope if that bill is to take much i
time the Senator will consent that we proceed '
at once to the consideration of the bill in rela-
tion to Mississippi.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine yield ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I prefer to go
on with the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I beg to say in this connec-
tion that the Committee on Post Offioes and
I Post Roads desire an early vote of the Senate
[ upon the House bill for the abolition of the
franking privilege; and they instructed me this
morning, so soon as the appropriation bill shall
be disposed of, to move to proceed to the con-
sideration of that bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are you not willing to
wait until we obtain the information called for
from the Postmaster General ?
Mr. RAMSEY. We have a great deal of
information from the Postmaster General al-
ready sufficient, I think, to enable us to act on
the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
fVom Maine insists on going on with the bill
before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
in reply to the Senator from Illinois, that I do'
not think this bill is likely to occupy more than
a few moments of the time of the Senate •
otherwise I should be quite reluctant to inter-
pose against his motion ; but as it is, I hope I
shall be allowed to go on at present.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1097)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30> 1870, and for other
purposes.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
the bill with two amendments. The first amend-
ment was in lines eight and nine, to strike out
" $500,000" and insert " $1,000,000;" so that
the clause will read, "For the Bureau of Steam
Engineering, $1,000,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten, to
strike out the word " one" and insert "two;"
so that the clause will read, " For the Bureau
of Construction and Repair, $2,000,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of
the bill:
; And these suing shall be covered in and restored
j to the Treasury whether they stand to the credit of
such bureaus ou the proper books of the Treasurer
of the United States, or have been placed to any
other account, or are under the control of any officer
! or agent of the Navy Department.
j The amendment was agreed to.
; The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
j ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
! Mr. CRAGIN. I desire to offer as an
l amendment to this bill the amendment that
i was inserted in the other bill, providing that
this money shall be used only for carrying on
i the work and paying the employes employed
| in the two bureaus. I supposed the chairman
of the committee had that amendment and
would offer it.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hare no objec-
tion to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Edmonds
in the chair.) The Senator from New Hamp-
shire proposes an amendment which will be
read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Provided, That the money so appropriated shall
be expended only for the purpose of providing ma-
terials. carrying on the work, and pay ing the employes
of the bureaus for which it is appropriated; and the
appropriation hereby made shall be for the current
fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it per-
haps due to the Senate that I should state pre-
cisely what this bill contemplates. It has the
same object as the resolution reported from the
Committee on Appropriations some days ago,
which is to supply a deficiency actually exist-
ing in two bureaus of the Navy Department,
to wit, the Bureau of Steam Engineering and
the Bureau of Construction and Repair. I
have been asked the question whether this ap-
propriation is made for the purpose of enabling
those bureaus to employ a force of men in those
bureaus simply, or whether it is to meet the
exigencies of the service of the naval estab-
lishment. I answer most unqualifiedly the lat-
ter. Of course the support of the naval estab-
lishment is through the employment of men,
particularly in these two bureaus; but upon the
most careful examination which the commit-
tee have been able to make since this subject
was before the Senate on a former occasion,
we are satisfied that this sum of $3,000,000, to
meet the exigencies of the service for the next
six months or for the fiscal year ending the
30th of June next, is the least possible sum
with which those bureaus can get along and
meet the absolute exigencies of the public ser-
vice;
It is known, doubtless, to the Senate, that
all the repairs and refitting of the Navy are
done through these two bureaus. It
