2116
tm glob®.
March'21,
Turkey, whose merchants ranked among, the
richest in the world. But a little later her Gov-
ernment, like that of Portugal, entered, into,a
treaty with France and England, by which she
bound herself to charge no higher duties 011,
their imports than 3 per cent., and exempting
their vessels from all port, charges, thus virtu-
ally establishing a system of fceetrade under
whiph her. manufactures gradually wentdowq,
and, except a few inconsiderable carpet and silk
establishments, may now be regardedas extinct.;
and from that day to this she has been steadily,
if not hopelessly passing on to ruin and her
people into a degraded state of. slavery and
demoralization. While Manufactures wer'e suf-
ficiently encouraged to enable them to exist,
commerce was maintained, agriculture flour-
ished, and the people were prosperous and
happy. But when tlie Grovernment failed to
enact laws tending to combine, protect, and
stimulate her industries- and develop her re-
sources, the current of depopulation, poverty,
and ignorance set in, as it ever will in a, purely
agricultural country. Thus the beneficent gifts
of nature bestowed on Turkey have been lost
through unwise legislation, as they ever will
bo in any country where a diversification of
labor is disregarded.
IXDIA AND IrciiliAND.
Precisely the same occurrences and facts
tending and conducing to the humiliation and
reduction of Portugal and Turkey may be ap-
plied to India and other countries, and espe-
cially to Ireland, whoso people for centuries,
by the perverse and oppressive legislation of
Great Britain, have been deprived;of the power
of creating commerce bjr combining and diver-
sifying their industries ; and to these facts must
we look if we desire to find the true cause of
tins decline and fall of the Irish nation. Thus
deprived in a measure of all employment ex-
cept ill the labor of agriculture, her children
have been compelled by millions to suuder-tho
ties of kindred and country and seek their
homes in distant lands where the diversity ot'
employment affords laudable competition and
ample remuneration for intelligent, labor. A
writer of great ability on this subject a few
years since made the following truthful re-
marks :
" For nearly half a century Ireland has had per-
fectly iroo trade with tho richest country in tho
world, andwh.it has that ftec ti.-ido dime for her?
She has oven now 150 employment for her teeming
Imputation except upon tho laud. She ought to have
had and mi^ht easily havo had other and various
employment and plenty of it. Aro wo to believe the
calumny that tho Irish are.lniiy and wilt not work ?
Is Irish human nature different from other hiunan
nature? A10 not the most. laborious of all laborers
in London und Now York irishmen? Are Irishmen
inferior in undcrstandms? Wo Knshsiimen, who
have personally known Irishmen 111 tho army, at
tho bar, andin the church, know that there is 110
bettor head than a disciplined Irish one."
, From the foregoing historical facts touching
Portugal, Turkey, India, anil Ireland, as well
as those pertaining to other nations which
might be named, it is conclusively demon-
strated that a system.of free trade always has
and always will result in benefit to those nations
whose facilities for tho development of man-
ufactures and commerce are greatest, and in
devastation and ruin to those less favored.
England, by the comparatively free export
of her manufactures to the countries above
named and elsewhere, taking the products of
their soil in exchange for her wares, and vir-
tually fixing the price of both, has reduced
those nations from wealth and affluence to
poverty and ignorance, and surely like causes
will produce like results in any country. Ire-
land, abounding as she does in the material
elements of wealth and greatness, by the power
of British laws and British rule, presents the
humiliating spectacle of a nation of noble
people gradually but surely disappearing from
among the nations of the earth, and that, too,
in time of profound peace, Manchester, and
Birmingham, enjoying the monopoly, of fur-
nishing her with cloth andiron. And the same
remarks apply with equal force and truthful-
ness to-India, Turkey,, and Portugal,, whose-
people ar,e supplied with manufactures from
the.workshops of British monopolists, giving
in exchange therefor the fruits- of their soil
and bearing the expense of transportation both
ways. Thus. are. the monopolies, of England-
built up at the exgense-of impoverishing and
depopulating., other .nations* •
| • DIV.EESITY OP EMPLOYMENT.
I In. order, that a vigorous, and. healthy com-
merce ! may arise and: flourish in any country,
a proper and.judicious diversity,- of occupation
and labor must be adopted ; otherwise, the.
masses, for. want, of other employment, must
of necessity betake themselves to the cultiva-
tion, of the soil. While the necessity for- ex-
changes between the farmer, the miner, the
manufacturer, and the mechanic always must
exist, no such exchange between farmers pro-
ducing the same products is. or can be benefi-
cial. And without this diversity of employ-
ment the demand for human effort, whether
of mind or body, will gradually cease, and pov-
erty and ignorance ensue. This,has been true
in every country which, has failed to protect its
farmers, mechanics, and common laborers by
protecting its manufacturers.
A judicious division of labor.is indispensable
to prosperity. An examination of tho agri-
cultural, mining, and. manufacturing statistics
of the United States will show that the amount
of labor employed in the former is out of all
proportion when compared to the two latter.
By reference to the agricultural statistics, par-
ticularly those relating to cereals, it will be seen
that tho ratio of increase in production for
the last 20 years has been largely in.advance
of tho increase of population, however large
the latter has been, and especially is this true
in regard to wheat. The quantity of this article
grown in the United States in 1849 was, in
round numbers, 100,000,000 bushels. The
quantity grown in 1859 was 171,000,000 bush-
els, an increase of 70 per cent, in 10 years,
while the increase in population for the same
period was only 35 percent.; and while from
the estimated crop of'1869 it is believed that
the disparity for the last 10 years is not quite
so great, yet it is still very large, and may be
accounted for partly by tho cheap and inviting
lands of tlie "West, and partly by the introduc-
tion of labor-saving inventions. But in any
event, it is apparent that agriculture is not suffi-
ciently diversified, that too many farmers, and
especially those of the West, devote their ener-
gies almost entirely to the cultivation of a few
leading staples, while others that might and
doubtless would be more profitable aro neg-
lected, and that too large a proportion of the
laboring men of the country are engaged in
agriculture to the neglect of other industries.
We have a striking illustration of this fact
in wheat culture, to which I have just referred.
With our present population we need about
200,000,000 bushels of this cereal for home
co-nsumption. The surplus over and above
this amount mustbe exported. The cropof 1868
was 230,000,000 bushels, and with a surplus of
30,000,000 prices were pretty well sustained;
but with 280.000,000 bushels, the estimated crop
of 1869, we have an excess of 80,000,000 too
much for export demand, and the consequence
is a reduction in price ruinous to the pro-
ducer. Hence, it is seen that the crop of 1888,
though 50,000,000 bushels less, was worth
largely, more in the aggregate than that of 1869.
Now, if the increased production of leading
agricultural articles, especially wheat, for the
next twenty years, shall be as largely in advance
of. population as that of the last twenty they
must be a drug in the markets of the world.
And if we are to continue opening up the forests
and converting the prairies into agricultural
fields, to the neglect of mining and manufactur-
ing, we will present the novel and unwise policy
of contributing by the labor of our hands and the
fruits of our soil—tho most valued elements in
national greatness—to the upbuildingand wealth
oftheoutsidenationsof the world, to the neglect
of oqr own. Prom; 1861 to 1865 we were able to
carry on the most terrible war of the age, which
probably withdrew a.million. men from agrieuh
tqre, and yeb we we're able to produceabundant;
' supplies at reasonable prices. Since .the close
of tiie 'war those mpmhay.e-mainly, returned-to.
thp cultivation, of the fields, and: instead, of
beipgi consumers are again, producers.. Hence-
many of- the productions of the farm fori the.
past year have been sold at prices by no moans-
remunerative. Make this a_striotly agricultural
country,- and the seeds-of depopulation, depend -
enee,. and slavery are sown, and surely will pro-
duce their.- fruits^,, but oombine manufactures
with agriculture,, by stimulating the former and
fostering, the-latter, and-our- national greatness
is assured.
Prior to the rebellion the products of north-
ern agriculture found; ready- demand, from
southern, planters-. Byfc now-that: the war is
over, the southern States reconstructed, and
labor made free, the people thereof' seem to
have wisely determined- upon the reconstruc-
tion of their industries-also. Hence, not.only
cotton, r-ice, and sugar-cane are cultivated' as
formerly, but corn, wheat, and' other cereals
are raised,more or less in.a.11 these States, and
in great abundance in most of them. Another
interesting feature is. the. fact that they are
beginning-to manufacture; and with.tlieirfacil-
ities for prosecuting, the- various industries
pertaining to this interest, with favorable,legis-
lation it is believed that in a few years at most
the South will not only be supplied with staple
goods from her own manufactures, but will be
seeking a market for a large excess.
Of tho 850 cotton-mills in the United States-
about 90 of them are found in the South—Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and
Georgia alone having over 60 ; while of the iron
manufactures, it is believed her proportion is
slillgreater. And. with her, unsurpassed, if not
unequaled, natural facilities for the prosecution
of these industries, under favorable legislation
it is believed she will at no distant day even rival
tho North.
FREE-TRADE FLEAS.
One of the leading arguments against pro-
tection is the specious but fallacious allegation
that it is oppressive to the farmer, taxing the
iron and. steel of which the implements of hus-
bandry are composed, the salt in daily use,
the knife and fork with which he eats, as well
as all the imported wares and fabrics used by
farmers and their families. And, with seem-
ing sympathy for this class, free-trade advo-
cates adroitly present arguments to prove how
wickedly they are oppressed by showing that
the French cloth and cagsimere-of which the
farmer's coat and pants are composed-are sub-
ject to a duty of 24 cents per pound and 40
per-cent, ad valorem-, that the siik material of
French manufacture composing his vest pays a
duty of 60 per cent.; his boots, made of French
calf, 30 per- cent. ; while his necktie, his kid
gloves, and silk, hat are all subject to similar
duties. And, as if this were not enough to
frighten the farmer into free-trade notions, I10
is told' that the silks and satins, cords and
laces, and evon the jewelry he buys for his
wife and daughters, are all taxed with duties
similar to the above; while not one word is
said about the enormous tariff on tea, coffee,
molasses, and sugar which is retained in the
free-trade schedule, and from which Mr. Wells
proposes to collect $60,000,000 per annum, to
be taken mainly out of the pockets of farmers;
while he would wipe out the duty entirely from
imported-hides, skins, and leather, and reduce
it from $9 to §3 on pig-iron, thus striking a blow
equally at farmers, furnace-men, and tanners.
Now, sir, I am ready, and protectionists 1
believe are generally ready and anxious, to vote
a large reduction of duties 011 tea, coffee, sugar,
and spices, or to wipe them out entirely-, for 1
know of no other taxes so oppressive to farmers.
Again, it has beenurged-thatthe duty 011 car-
pets, ranging as it does from thirty.-five to fifty
cents per square y rd.'on,the finer grades, is an
