158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[March 9,
Senate.
Funding Bill—Mr. Foioler.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
men of wealth small sums upon short time,
upon personal promise, but for large sums
upon long time they would demand ample
security. In the ease of nations subject to rev-
olution, foreign war, conquest, and devasta-
tion, or to the less effective but dangerous
influences of a constant ebb and flow of pop-
ular opinion, liable to sweep away obligations
and contracts, or to treat with indifference the
demands of creditors, still stronger evidences
of good will and ability to meet their debts
will be required.
In the early age of the Republic, when it was
just passing from its loose condition as a Con-
federacy into that of nationality, exhausted by
the long wars of the Eevolutiou which taxed so
severely its infant vigor, before its great re-
sources were known,much less developed, with-
out adequate revenues, overwhelmed with pub-
lic debt, the great Secretary of the Treasury
then proposed to mortgage specific revenues
to meet the demands. He undertook the task
by means at once reasonable, just, and calcu-
lated to insure confidence. In like manner let
specific funds be "vested in commissioners, to
consist of the Vice President, the Speaker of
the House ©('Representatives, the Chief Justice,
Secretary of the Treasury, and the Attorney
General of the United States, in trust" for the
payment of the principal of the new bonds to
be issued. Such a commission would remove
the debt from the control of any improper in-
fluences, as it would commit all the depart-
ments of the Government to the execution of
the trust. The active agent would of course
be the Secretary of the Treasury under the
control and direction of the Kxeeutive. The
other members of the board would become the
advisory and controlling part. Such legisla-
tion as the circumstances might demand fur
fulfillment of the assurances given would of
course bo made. If any one of the sources
of revenue promised (which I shall indicate)
should fail, it could be supplied from other
sources. This measure would secure the ful-
fillment of the promise by sustaining its pledge
of good faith by ample security. It would in
addition enable Use nation to attain the largest
sum required at the lowest possible rates.
The existence of great debt and the conse-
quent accumulation of enormous surplus funds
at times from revenues extorted by onerous
and exacting taxes collected by cupidity, ser-
vility, and love of delegated authority, invite
•" prodigality" and furnish a ready and elli-
cient persuasive to corruption and "danger-
ous abuse." There are but few men that are
pioof against ail the eaplivaling and allur-
ing appeals that desire inflamed by the vain
t rapping of a venal age may present. There
is no one man so much above the mass of lus
lellows that lie may plead exemption from
iallibility. While 1 do not doubt the great vir-
tues of humanity, and their exemplification in
many illustrious examples, I still contend that
our safety resides in placing sccujo barriers
around our rights and interests against the
possibility of falling before the enchantments
of temptation. No prudent man would sur-
render his protection to the contingency of any
continuing personal integrity, be it ever so
elevated and assured. Much loss should the
people confide such enormous interests to the
government of one man or one department
almost unprotected and unguarded. In the
present plan, to adequate legal restraints you
add the vigilance and pride of character and
station, the love of country, the imperative of
personal integrity, the danger of detection,
the shame of disgrace, the love of popular
approbation for the successful and upright exe-
cution of the trust. It is not a single force
directed by selfishness to seek a personal ad-
vantage, but many antagonistic forces, whose
interest could alone be advanced by opposing
the effort of another to abuse the trust.
We come now to the consideration of what
sources of revenue shall thus be devoted to
the execution of the trust. The revenues
arising from customs, already pledged to the
payment of the interest, or so much as will be
requisite for that purpose, and as they are
more or less contingent, depending upon the
views of the Legislature and the capacity of
the country under all the circumstances that
may surround production, consumption, and
commerce, would not be so appropriated. There
is, however, a more definite and constantsource
arising from internal revenue and the sale of
public lands. These, on the hypothesis that
the system of internal revenue already adopted,
or some modification of it, will be perpetuated,
will be adequate for the purpose. The act of
18G2 pledging an amount equal to one percent.
of the entire debt as a sinking fund, would, if
it had sacredly been appropriated, have dis-
charged it in the period of thirty-three years.
The duty on stamps, augmented by the pro-
ceeds of the sales of public lands, would yield
that sum. Under proper management the
annual application of this fund, augmented by
the laws governing the rapid increase of money
at interest, would relievo the country of debt
by the close of this century. This would be
effected without any serious draft on the indus-
tries of the nation. To provide against changes
unfavorable to the regular increase of this fund
we might add a much larger amount from other
sources. Then, at specified periods, a certain
amount of the debt might be purchased and
canceled.
Our next inquiry is in reference to the annual
interest which must bo regularly paid. This
can and must bo derived from the duties on
customs. The duties on the product of the
actual commerce of the country and the means
of conducting this commerce will to a very con-
siderable extent come from the transfers of
the debt, from payment on account of its cap-
ital, from the interest received from the Treas-
ury accruing from that capital. The use of the
means evolved from the debt will constitute the
great agent in stimulating commerce which is
to .yield the duties. In case of any failure from
this source the deficit could bo made up from
the tax derived from liquors; such taxes as the
experience of nations have approved and wis-
dom and morality have sanctioned and sus-
tained. To those may he added faxes derived
from distilled and fermealed liquors and to-
bacco, if the necessities of the nation shall
demand their continuance. Provision having
thus been made to meet the interest and to
liquidate a certain annual proportion of the
principal, the Legislature should then proceed
to reduce in a great degree the public burdens,
by dispensing with every unnecessary expend-
iture and by a large reduction of taxation,
especially those which are inquisitorial, offens-
ive!, and unequal. Taxes upon incomes and
upon industrial occupations are of this class.
Taxes upon incomes are levied upon the accu-
mulations of industry. Those upon the oc-
cupations of industry are levies upon efforts
to sustain life or to render life comfortable.
Taxes which absorb the wages of labor are
offensive and oppressive, for they are direct
drafts upon nerves and muscles ; they contract
the hours of rest and increase those of toil.
They may bo used to render recently acquired
liberty more oppressive than recently termin-
ated slavery. The constitutionality of au in-
come tax is by no means assured. It is in the
nature of a direct tax, if not technically so. I
am aware that a direct tax has by some high
authorities been limited to a tax on land and
a capitation tax. Such was not the only sub-
jects of direct tax intended by the framers of
the Constitution. As this tax is regarded by
many as an infringement of the legitimate
powers of Congress, it will be exposed to the
test of a decision of the Sunreme Court. It is
also regarded as an unequal, discriminating
assessment, inviting fraud and evasion. The
temptation to immoralities are, under it, a
serious objection, if not a fatal one.
But there is a much weightier, a far more
important consideration than all others, which
is this: by the statute of July 13, I860, re-
peated in the act of March, 1867, it is expressly
declared that the tax on incomes is "to last
until 1870, and no longer." What is the amount
of bonds sold and bought since July, I860?
Were not all of them purchased in view of this
public pledge? Did not the promised exemp-
tion affect the price? How, then, can Congress
recnaet, reimpose this tax without an open
breach of faith? Do this, and the basis of the
public credit is gone, abandoned at the very
moment when the Government comes before
the world to borrow a sum of unexampled mag-,
nitude, with a necessarily pledged assurance
that no tax of any sort will be imposed. The
lenders of the world to whom this loan is to be
presented are awake to their interest and watch
with keen perspicacity the safety of the pro-
posed loan. What reply can we give to them
when they say, "1 cannot trust your already
violated assurance; yourtwice-given pledge not
to reeuact this tax has been violated; will you
not again violate it?"
Nor is this all. .Repudiation has been boldly
pressed. What assurance has the world that
it will not be resorted to when such precedents
are so unceremoniously set? If we go into the
markets of the world, and our own is by far
the best, let it be done without a blot upon our
faith. Let not even the appearance of evil be
resorted to. Sooner let the Republic perish
than that she should violate her faith in fulfill-
ing the sacred trusts in the Constitution which
guaranty protection and property to the citizen
or faith to the holders of her obligations.
There is another more potent objection, and
one made by the great author of American
finance. I quote his own language. Mr. Ham-
ilton, inhisgreat article on the subject of pub-
lie credit, says:
" Public debt can scarcely, in legal phrase, bo de-
fined cither property in possession or iu action. It
is evidently not the first till it is reduced to posses-
sion by payment. To be the second would suppose
a legal powerto compel payment bysuit. Does such
a power exist. The truo definition of public debt
is a property subsisting in the faith of the Govern-
ment. Its cssencc is promise, its definite value
depends upon tho reliance that the promise wilt bo
definitely fulfilled. Cm ttie Government rightfuliv
tax its promise V Can it put its lailh underconLi jbu-
lion? WJioro or whal is flm gallic < i flic debt if
such a 1'i^iil, crust ?"
Again:
" When a Government enters into contract with an
individual it deposes as to the matter of tho contract
its constitutional authority, and exchanges tho char-
acter of legislator for that of amoral agent, with the
same rights and obligations as an individual. Its
promises may be justly considered as cxcopted out
of lis power to legislate, unless in aid of tlicni. It
is iu theory impossible to reconcile the two ideas
of a promise which obliges with a power to make a
law which can vary the eliect of it. This is the great
principle that governs tho question and abridges the
Keneralrithl of tho Government to lav taxes, except-
ing out of it a species of property which subsists only
in itb promise."
As well might an individual who gives his
note for a certain consideration expect to lay
a contribution on his promise to pay as the
Government to give its bond for a certain con-
sideration and expect to tax it in any manner.
If the income may be taxed it is an indirect
tax on the bond itself. You may as well tax
the laborer as the productions of his labor. I
refer to this as a principle that should govern
the nation in all loans. A borrower goes not
forth a dictator, but a suppliant; it is for him
to submit to terms, not to prescribe them.
The present bill proposes to pay the interest
to foreigners in foreign countries. This is in •
many respects objectionable. First, it may
defeat and will undoubtedly hazard the antici-
pated policy of specie payment when it shall
bo restored. The want of a demand or the
