4004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
the groundlessness of that charge of the New
York Tribune. It is manifest that this bill has
not friends enough in the Senate to hurt any
bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. Why, in the days and weeks
of the past, has not the honorable Senator from
Iowa urged with the pertinacity he does this
morning the importance of acting on the Indian
appropriation bill ?
Then, again, the Senator from Massachu-
setts, 011 the loth of April, introduced his sub-
stitute for this bill. The honorable Senator
can rise any day and argue any question as
fully, learnedly, and ably as any other member
of the Senate can after days and weeks and
months of preparation. There is no occasion,
then, for a further postponement to enable the
honorable Senator to prepare himself upon this
question. I have reason to believe lhat he has
amply and fully prepared himself since the
introduction of his substitute on the 10th of
April, six weeks ago.
I submit that for all these reasons there is no
further excuse before the country for postpon-
ing this bill, which the people have asked for
with a unanimity never before witnessed in
regard to any measure. Millions of the people
of this country have signed petitions asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege. The
House of Representatives, the body that imme-
diately represents the people, has magnani-
mously sacrificed this privilege. That body,
consisting of about two hundred and fifty mem-
bers, has thrown away this great privilege, and
we in this body of less than seventy-five hes-
itate, worry, and annoy ourselves about the
sacrifice. It is not. creditable to us.
On the 27th of January this bill thus called
for by the people passed the House of Repre-
sentatives by a vote of 174 yeas to 14 nays.
Now, 1 submit that after all this time for its
consideration we should dispose of it here.
Furthermore, it will be recollected that within
a week or two after the bill reached this body
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
of the Senate, after having fully and maturely
considered it, unanimously instructed the chair-
man to report it here without modification or
amendment. I regret to say that, with probably
one exception, the members of the committee
in their votes here have forgotten their views
in committee.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a question of
privilege. I move that this bill be passed over.
Mr. RAMSEY. Can the Senator take me
off the floor by that motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. He can,
under the new rule.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this motion, as a test question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The motion
is to pass over the ponding bill.
Mr. VV1LLEY. Is this to be a test question?
Several Senators. No, no.
Other Senators. Yes, yes.
Mr. WILLEY. If it is understood that this
is to be a test question 
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. POMEROY. It can-
not be a test question.
Mr. THAYER. Not at all.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 think it can be a test ques-
tion 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate. Let
us either debate the bill or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate on
this motion is not in order. The Senate will
be in order; and the Secretary will call the
roll on the motion of the Senator from Kansas.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas S3, nays 2(>; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Casserly, Cole,
Corbett, Davis, Edmunds. Flanagan, FoivIm-, (Gil-
bert, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Johnston,Lewis, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Oaborn,
Pomeroy, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Viek-
ers, Warner, and Williams—.w.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthonv. Brownlow,
Buekiugham. Carpenter. Chandler, Oonlding, Ori-
gin, Drake, Ferry, Hamilton ol'Marylanct, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Howe, Howell, MeCreery, Patter-
son,Pratt, Ramsey, Sehurz, Soott, Sherman, Sprague,
Tipton, Trumbull, and "Willey—-26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron. Cattell, Fen-
ton, Kellostg, McDonald, Morton, Norton; Pool,
Stockton, Thurman, Wilson, and Yates—13.
So the bill was passed over.
minister to japan.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be instructed to inquire into and report upon
the expediency of raising the rank of the minister
'from the United States to Japan from that of min-
ister resident to envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary.
message filial the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution ; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 2108) relating to certain
counties of the western judicial district of
Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 2109) to authorize the
settlement of the accounts of James G. Mc-
Nutt; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 802) donating
condemned ordnance for a soldiers' monument
at Poughkeepsie, New York.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 301) to correct an
error in the enrollment of a joint resolution
therein named; and it was thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Sec-
retary, announced that the President had on
this day approved and signed the following
enrolled bills :
A bill (S. No. 628) granting a pension to
Clark Hall ; and
A bill (S. No. 453) granting a pension to J.
R. Callahan, of Chariton, Iowa.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. STEWART submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 1G04) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1871,
and for other purposes ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
change of reference.
Mr. CONKLING-. Yesterday I introduced
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 207) authorizing
the Postmaster General to continue to use in
the postal service a certain invention and de-
vice for the post-marking of mail packages and
for the more permanent cancellation of post-
age stamps, and to make a just and equitable
compensation for the past and future use of the
same by the Post Office Department; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims. It
is thought that the better reference would be
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads. I move, therefore, to discharge the
Committee on Claims from the further con-
sideration of the joint resolution, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was my intention to
call up this morning the bill providing for a
through railroad from Washington to New
York, and likewise the bill for a railroad from
Cincinnati to Chattanooga. If the Senate will
grant me to-morrow and next day for business
from the Committee on Commerce, I will not
antagonize these bills with the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations this morning.
I was displaced, as the Vice President will
remember, by the admission of the Senator
from Mississippi some time ago when these
very bills were in order. I supposed I had
precedence and could hold it; but the Vice
President ruled me out, and I have been out
of place, ever since. Now, what I want is to
get back. If the Senate will grant the Com-
mittee on Commerce to-morrow and next day
for the consideration of business from that
committee, I will not press it now. I move,
therefore, that Friday and Saturday be appro-
priated for business reported by the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is not in
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Michigan is not in
order, there being another motion now pend-
ing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must object to it any
way. I insist upon proceeding in regular order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that Senate bill
No. 526 be substituted for the bill which the
Senator from Maine moves to take up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion is not in order. There is a motion pend-
ing, which must first be disposed of. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1169) making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations (so called) with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30,1871, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that it has been customary in the
Senate, in the consideration of the appropria-
tion bills, to act upon the amendments of the
Committee on Appropriations as they are
reached in the reading of the bill; and that
order will be pursued on this occasion unless
objection be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That being the
order, as it is my purpose to state to the Sen-
ate the character of this bill, and if I can suc-
ceed in obtaining the attention of the Senate to
explain something in ageneral way of the con-
dition of Indian affairs, I will take this oppor-
tunity, before we proceed with the details of
the bill, to submit some general observations
to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator may proceed before the bill is read if
there be no objection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, addressed the
Senate in explanation of the bill upon the gen-
eral subject of Indian policy. [His speech will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am not
going  
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
has not yet been read, and there is no ques-
tion pending before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask that tEe
bill be read.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to make a
few remarks.
^ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Notatthistiine.
The bill has not been read yet.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a few sug-
gestions in reply to the Senator from Maine.
I desire to appear for the settlers for one
moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. You can do so
at some other time. I object now.
Mr. STEWART. If I am in order, I should
like to make a few remarks at the present
time. I am not going to resist the appropri-
ation bill or throw anything in the way of its
passage.
