1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3061
Mr. Joy bought this property. If he bought
the property at much below its value
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was sold at public
sale, and I suppose he gave what it was worth.
There is no pretense that he bought it below
its value, that I ever heard.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have the
opinion of the Senator as to what the present
value of that property is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not able to say.
I am not aware that it has appreciated at all.
The old hospital is near, the mouth of the Chi-
cago river, and that was thought to be an im-
proper place by the city of Chicago. The city
petitioned to have that marine hospital sold,
and it was sold. Whether that property has
appreciated any since I do not know. It may
or it may not. Property upon Water street in
that neighborhood has not appreciated at all in
several years, and I do not know that this has.
Mr. HOWE. Would not the Senator be
willing to change this into a bill to refund the
money and take the property back?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The money and the
interest ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would require a
consultation with Mr. Joy. I do not know,
but I think it very likely he would accept that;
I am not authorized to say.
Mr. HOWE. No; I suppose not. I do not
remember these dates.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In 1864,1 think, it was
sold.
Mr. HOWE. Was the sale made in 1864?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The sale was made in
1864, and this bill allows interest, I think, after
two years. The date is given in the bill when
interest commences.
Mr. HOWE. When was the first appropri-
ation made for the new marine hospital ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was never any
made until this winter.
Mr. HOWE. That is a mistake.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we have never
made any appropriation before this winter.
There has only been about one hundred and
forty thousand dollars expended.
Mr. HOWE. There was an appropriation
make a year ago, and the Senator and I had a
dispute about it. There was an appropriation
made two years ago which I did not know any-
thing about, or we should hare had a dispute
then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin is mistaken. There has not been ex-
pended up to this time more than $150,000 on
the new building, and the old property sold
for $132,000.
Mr. CAMERON", Did we get the money?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We got the money. It
was paid in 1664.
Mr. CAMERON. Did it not belong to us
before ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The old hospital be-
longed to us, and was sold at public sale in
1864 to Mr. Joy, and he paid for it; but he
has never had possession.
_Mr. CORBETT. I suppose that Mr. Joy
with others bid upon this property, takiDg his
chances with the Government, as every other
person does who deals with the Government,
not expecting interest for his money, and that
others were deterred from bidding upon this
property, and giving, perhaps, its true value,
trom the fact that they could not obtain pos-
session of the property for an indefinite time.
Mr. Joy was willing to take the chance of
getting possession of it. He bid a certain
amount of money, perhaps a very low price,
and he took his chance of getting possession
of the property. I do not see that Mr. Joy
has any just claim upon the Government. I
know we have had claims in our State of ten
years' standing that are not settled yet—yes,
of fifteen years—and we are not allowed a cent
of interest upon them. The Government has
established the principle that it will not pay
interest. I do not see why this should be made
an exception. He purchased this property at
a low price and will get possession whenever
the Government shall have finished the new
building.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Illi-
nois would allow this to lie over informally for
a few minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be passed over
informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint res-
olution will be passed over for the present.
NORTU CAROLINA DISTRICT COURTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 677) to change the place of holding
the courts of the United States for the Albe-
marle district of North Carolina; whioh was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the district court of the United
States for the Albemarle district of North Caro-
lina, now required to be held in the town of
Edenton, shall hereafter be held in the town
of Elizabeth City, in that State.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to add the follow-
ing words:
And no recoiniianco, writ, process, order, ornotice
now returnable in said court at Edenton shall be
affected by said change, but shall be deemed return-
able at Elizabeth City.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The biil was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CIRCUIT COURTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 723) in relation to the circuit court
of the United States in and for the district of
; Missouri; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause and in lieu thereof to
insert:
That nothing in the act to amend the judioial
system of the United States, approved April 10,1869,
shall be construed to require a circuit court to be
held in any judicial district in which a circuit court
was not required to be held by previously existing
law.
The amendment was agreed to.
j The bill was reported to the Senate asamen4-
: ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
j third reading, read the third time, and passed.
| The title was amended so as to read: "A bill
in relation to circuit courts."
! IOWA DISTRICT COURT.
I! The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
| (H. R. No. 249) concerning the district court
|i of the United States for the district of Iowa,
j: which was reported adversely by the Judiciary
1 Committee.
Mr. POMEltOY. I move that the bill be
:j indefinitely postponed.
ji Mr. HOWELL. This is in my bailiwick;
|! and if the Senator will withdraw the motion
j| I have a word to say.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOWELL. I prefer that the bill should
be put on its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
allow it to be read first.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like, on behalf
of the Judiciary Committee, if we could have
the instructions of the Senate in regard to this
class of bills. This is a bill of very considerable
importance; and there are now pending in the
J udiciary Committee, I think I may safely say?
as many as ten applications for a division of
judicial districts in the United States, and
making new judicial districts; and there are
more than that number of applications to in-
crease the places for holding courts. At the
present time the United States courts are held
at three places in the State of Iowa—at Du-
buque, Des Moines, and Keokuk; and this is
a bill to have a district court held On the west
side of the State, at Council Bluffs. The same
applications are made for holding courts in
Indiana, Kansas, Michigan, and other States.
I will state the question which I wish to sub-
mit to the Senate. The Judiciary Committee
have acted upon the principle that it is injudi-
cious to multiply the places of holding United
States courts, because by multiplying the places
you will directly multiply the districts, and that
will increase the number of judges and district
attorneys and marshals, and it will increase the
business in the United States courts; and as
you increase the business in the lower courts,
of course the business that comes to the
Supreme Court of the United States will be
increased. A lawyer living at Council Bluffs,
Iowa, if there is a term of the United States
court which has jurisdiction of collection eases
from abroad to bo held in April, and the State
court does not meet until May or June, will
bring his cases in the United States court, be-
cause it is most convenient and he will get judg-
ment sooner. That will be his reason forgoing
into the United States court. In this way you
will multiply the business of all the United
States courts, and that will multiply the cases
that come here to the Supreme Court; and you
willlnially break down our judicial system. The
Supreme Court is not up to its business within
two years.
Mr. SUMNER. Two years I
Mr. TRUMBULL. Two years. It takes
two years to reach a case in the Supreme Court
of the United States. We have recently ap-
pointednine circuit judges, and it is hoped that
the Supreme Court will be able to sit here
longer than it has heretofore, so as to bring up
the docket. The Judiciary Committee have
acted upon the general principle of resisting
these applications to multiply the places of
holding courts and to multiply the districts,
ft is very unpleasant to assume that position.
We are pressed by members and Senators from
the respective States. The Senator from Iowa
thinks, "'Well, we have got no court on the
west side of the State; and our people want a
court over at Council Bluffs as well as at Du-
buque and Keokuk and Des Moines." It is very
hard to resist this; but the committee have
taken the position that they would not recom-
mend the increase of judicial districts until
they saw bow the circuit system operates, and
: we have resisted the multiplication of the
places of holding the court unless it has been
under some very peculiar circumstances. I f
the Senate think proper to decide differently,
if it is the opinion of the Senate that we should
multiply the places of holding the United
States courts, there is no objection to this
case in Iowa any more than there would be to
i cases in the other States; and the committee,
, oi'course, will follow the direction of the Sen-
; ate in reference to the matter. Upon public
' grounds it seems to me that we ought not to
multiply these places.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator if it
. adds to the expense ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It certainly adds to the
expense somewhat to hold a court at a different
place. It leads directly, I will say to the Sen-
; ator from Oregon, to the creation of a new dis-
i trict. That lias been the experience heretofore.
| The more you multiply theseplaees of holding
! courts the greater is the expense. Directly
. there is an application for a court-house to be
; built. You have to have a place for holding
; the court. When the court is first located
there is no expense; the people pf the place
: will tell you, ''We will furnish a court-room,"
| and that is done ; but it presently leads to ex-
1 pense. It increases the expenses and tends to
; bring business into the United States courts.
: But, sir, I have said all I desire to say in
i regard to it.
! Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. We cannot settle this
to-night,.
i Mr. HOWELL. I think we can in a few
, minutes. I appreciate most of what the Sen-
