1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4005
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was explain-
ing the bill, and the Senator will have an
opportunity hereafter to speak upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The parlia-
mentary law requires that the bill should first
be read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the bill is first in order.
Mr. STEWART. Well, I will not insist now;
but I give notice that I shall take the earliest
oppsrtunity when it is in order to reply to the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. SUMNER. _ I will inquire if it is not
usual to read the bill and take up the amend-
ments of the committee as we proceed?
The PRESIDENTjpi*o tempore. The Chair
stated that that course would be pursued if
there was no objection, and no objection was
made.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was, in line seven,
after the words ''treaty stipulations," to strike
outthe words "(so called) 5" so as to read :
That the following sums bo, and they arc hereby,
appropriated, out ot any money in the Tieasury not
otherwise appropriated, lor the purpose of paying
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
Department and fulfilling treaty stipulations with
tho various Indian tribes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen,
to strike out " sixty-four" and insert ''sixty-
three so as to read, "for pay of sixty-three
interpreters."
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs propose to amend that amendment by
striking out "sixty-three" and inserting "sixty-
five."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not object
to that. I have the same memorandum here.
The PRESlDENTjpro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be considered as
agreed to if there be no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The amendment
of the Senator from Iowa will make it necessary
to increase the sum total appropriated in that
clause in line twenty-two. 1 will ask the Sen-
ator how much these interpreters are paid?
Mr. HARLAN. The aggregate should be
increased $1,000 I suppose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask that that
clause be allowed to remain as it is at present,
and I will call attention to it again.
The PKESIDENTprotempore. The amend-
ment to this clause will be considered as passed
over for the present if there be no objection.
The next amendment of the Committee 011
Appropriations was on page 0, after line forty-
two, under the heading "Apaches, Kiowas,
and Coraanches," to strike out the following
clause:
For this amount, to be expended in such goods, pro-
visions, and other articles as the President may irom
time to time determine, including insurance, and
transportation thereof, in instructing in agricultural
and mechanical pursuits, in providing emxdoyrs,
educating children, procuring medicine and medi-
cal attendance, care for and support of the aged,
?ick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said
Indians, and in any other rcspect to promote their
civilization, comfort, and improvement, ^50,000.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
For third of thirty installments, provided to be
expended under tho tenth article ot the treaty of
Oetobcr 21, 1867, and under the third article of the
treaty of same date with the Apaches, $30,000.
For purchase of clothing under the same treaties,
$2fi,000.
For pny of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller,
and engineer, 85,200.
For pay of physician and teacher, $2,500.
For second of three installments, under same
treaties, to be expended in presents to the ten per-
sons ol the said tribes who, in the judgment of the
agent, may grow the most valuable crops for tho
period named. $500.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller,
and engineer, for the fiscal year ending Jnne SO, 1869.
For transportation of goods, $7,000.
Mr. HAUL AN. I suggest that at the end
of line seventy of the matter proposed to be
inserted there seems to be an omission. The
Committee on Indian Affairs propose to fill
that with "$5,200;" so that the clause will
read: "For pay of carpenter, farmer, black-
smith, miller, and engineer, for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1869, $5,200."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Thai is right.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT "pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the commit-
tee, as amended.
Mr. STEWART. 1 believe it is in order
for me to discussthat amendment,. I find here
an appropriation for the Apache Indians, and
referring to a treaty made with them. I should _
like to inquire of the chairman of the Com-'
mittee on Appropriations if we have any treaty
with the Apache Indians, and if so, whether
they have kept it. The fact is, and I may as
well state it, that the Apache Indians never
kept a treaty for an hour in their lives. I have
received a very large number of letters from
that country where the Apaches live, but have
not got them with me now, giving accounts of
daily murderscommittedby them. The horrors
of the outrages which the Senator from Maine
has related as beingcommitted upon the Indians
pale into insignificance compared with the daily
murders by these Apaches. They are the worst
human beings on earth. They have extermin-
ated all the northern portion of New Mexico.
One reason why Mexico was willing to get rid
of Arizona was to get rid of tho Apaches. We
have organized a Territory there. I have seen
a letter from the Governor, who has just
returned a few days ago, reciting a very large
number of instances of prominent men there
who have been murdered at their own homes
within the last month by the Apaches.
I desire to say one or two words with
regard to the remarks made by the Senator
from Maine. 1 concur with him that our pres-
ent Indian system is abominable ; that it is
utterly disgraceful to the American people;
but why is that'! Is it the fault of the settlers?
I say it is not. There are bad men among the
whites ; but as a rule the American people
obey the laws and behave themselves better
than savages. Tho pioneers who settle the
new countries are generally honest men. The
constant murder of those men does not appear
to afl'ect the philanthropists of the East at all.
That is all overlooked, all ignored, particu-
larly the murders in this Territory of Arizona
and on the plains. If the Senator had seen,
as I have seen, the mutilated bodies of hun-
dreds of good American citizens who were
murdered without any fault of theirs by these
treacherous savages, he would begin to see
that there were two sides to this question.
Now, as to the Army, the sentiment of the
Army toward the Indians is humane and mag-
nanimous. It would take a very large amount
of evidence to make mc believe that any of our
soldiers, particularly General Sheridan, would
tolerate anything that was cruel or inhuman
toward.the Indians. But as I have said here-
tofore, warfare cannot be carried on with them
in the summer time. I have seen the Indians
following the Army and living off the Army in
the summer time. With their ponies they can
easily get out of the way when pursued, and
can follow them up and live off them. A sum-
mer campaign against Indians is idle. The
Indians start out in the spring and murder until
the fall, and then they are willing to make a
treaty, and start out again in the spring. Asa
general rule, the Indians break a treaty ninety-
nine times where the whites break it once.
That is my experience after living in the coun-
try where these Indians are found for the last
twenty years.
Now, if we intend to be humane to the
Indians, if we intend to stop these murders,
if we do not intend to allow five white men,
women, and children to be sacrificed for every
Indian, until the Indians are finally extermin-
ated, there is but one course to be pursued. It
is not to make treaties with them, acknowl-
edging their sovereignty over vast regions of
country, and then organize Territories in those
regions, establishing civil government there, in-
viting settlers there, and thus bringing them in
conflict with the Indians, as our present system
does. That is not the proper policy to be pur-
sued. It is outrageous to think of treating the
Indians as sovereign nations. The plain policy
is this: put them on small reservations; put
them on reservations that are sufficient to sup-
port them; teach them to labor; show them
that the strong arm of the Government is over
them. The idea of their having vast hunting
grounds, and traveling over half the territory
of the United States, and calling it theirs, and
murdering whomsoever they find there, must
be stopped. You have got every part of the
United States organized into Territories, and
then you invite settlers to go upon the public
lands there; and Senators here make speeches
about homes for the settlers. What do you do
in reality? You invite them there to be mur-
dered by these savages.
You say that it is the bad whites that inter-
fere with the Indians ; but the bad whites
never get hurt. It is the honest men, women,
and children who are settling your frontiers
that are murdered, and not the bad whites. If
the bad whites, those who are breaking the
treaties, were the only parties murdered I
should have nothing to say about it; but they
are not the persons who suffer from these
Indian outrages.
Now, what is to be done? You can take
all the Indians you have and put them on
small reservations, and you can support them
all without their hunting grounds for ten per
cent, of what you now expend. I believe you
could support them in the city of New York
at the Fifth Avenue Hotel and other hotels
of that description, giving each of them a
parlor and a bed-room, at much less expense
than the cost of these infernal Indian wars,
and these magnificent reservations, and these
never-ending annuities. They do not want a
large region of country. A few hundred sav-
ages do not want au empire. They want to
be educated. If we had taken that course, if
we had not pushed them forward, but had kept
them among civilized men and educated their
children, we should have had some civilized
Indians to-day. But your present Indian-treaty
system will result in a conflict between the two
races that will ultimately exterminate every
Indian, and while it is doing that it will ex-
terminate live, ten, or twenty times their num-
ber of honest white men, women, and children.
Tho bad white men are not cut off; it is the
honest man, the peaceable citizcn, the man
who is on his little farm with his family, who
is murdered by the Indians.
Sir, you have read the early history of this
country. What was the early history of New
England with the Indians? It is the same on
the frontier to-day. You sympathized with the
hardships of the pioneers then. The pioneers
of the West are now suffering in the same way.
These Indians can be captured and placed on
small reservations. A thousand Indians do
not need a large space of country. 'They do
not want more land than a thousand white
men, nor half so much, because they will not
cultivate it. Put them on small reservations;
keep them there ; do not undertake to treat
with Red Cloud and Spotted Tail, and all these
Indians with high-sounding names, who are dis-
tinguished by the number of scalps of white
men and women that they carry on their belts.
That is all they are distinguished for. Tliey
come here to make a treaty. They will keep
the treaty just as long as it suits their con-
venience. I repeat, they are only distinguished
for the number of white men, women, and chil-
dren whom they have murdered. I say again,
have nothing to do with them. Make no treaties
with them. The Indians are the wards of the
Government, and should be put on reserva-
tions and taken care of, and their children edu-
cated and civilized, if they can be, and that will
be a much less expensive system.
I repeat that this magnificent system of treat-
