1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE (JONG-RESSJLONAL GLOBE.
159
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Brooks.
Ho. of Reps.
failure of a supply of our great exports would
prevent the payment of interest. Second,
such a foreign paynientwill involve the neces-
sity of providing funds in advance, lying idle
atgreat loss and oven danger, to insure prompt
payment. Third, the required payment has
been found by experience to be attended with
difficulty, embarrassment, and loss, which may
put in jeopardy the public credit. Fourth,
it will destroy an important function of the
coupons which otherwise would go into com-
merce and form a part of the currency of the
world, finding their way back to our shores in
payment of our exports, Fifth, the uncer-
tain condition of Europe would render its con-
stant and regular shipments dangerous, for no
one can assure the peace of that continent for
a single year. War would greatly embarrass
such an effort. Again, a more provident legis-
lation should seek to make this debt one due
to our own citizens, and instead of encouraging
its transportation to foreign countries confine
it to our own.
The subject of the legal tenders is one that
deeply interests all classes of our citizens. The
provision of this bill that looks toward funding
them in four per cent, bonds proposes to sub-
stitute for a useful non-interest-bearing debt
an interest-bearing one that is of no utility
whatever. This is of itself a great objection to
the change. There is another and still greater
objection, it removes from the country a na-
tional currency rapidly tending to par value iti
sold and everywhere more valued by the peo-
ple than any i'orm of paper currency we have
ever had. It is manifest from the temper of
this body that its place is to be supplied with
a system of banks fraught with fluctuation and
financial ruin. OnthissubjectI will on another
occasion present my views, seeing the result
inevitable and already the destined policy.
TSio Tariff.
SPiiliUH Oh1 HON. J AMI® 13 HOOKS,
ok sew 10hk,
Ix tiiic Hoi sk of JinrjiiiSKNT.mvKS,
March H, 1870.
'L'lio House being in Committee of the Whole, mid
having under consideration the bill ([I. R. No. IOCS)
to amend oxistin? laws rctalni? to the duty on im-
ports, and for other purposes—
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, said:
Mr. Chairman : The remarks which I am
about to make are of a statistical character, as
dry as statistics can well be, without any of
tho (lowers of rhetoric, and therefore I claim
the pi election of the Chair from all interrup-
tions. while I shall be as brief as possible upon
a subject so vast as our taxation and so im-
portant to the welfare of the State.
iriixer clay's tabiit thirty-odd ykaiis ago.
YV hen 1 came upon the stage of political ac-
tion in 1832-3-3 [ was a Whig of the school of
Clay and Webster—a school then pronounced
by the Democracy to bo a high protective
school; and if now, when the industries of
the country are not m their infancy, but some
forty years older, I do not stand by all of Mr.
Clay's principles of protection it is because
these industiies have reached their manhood ;
no longer need the nurse and the cradle, but
stand, or can stand, as Mr. Clay then prom-
ised they would, without stick or staff to up-
hold them. X propose, however, to stand by
Mr. Clay s percentage of protection—to give
all and more than all Air. Clay gave in 1832 or
later in his life, because the necessities of reve-
nue now demand a heavier weight of taxation
upon the people, and necessarily give greater
oounties to the manufacturers and producers
of the country ; or, in other words, a tariff for
mere revenue now is necessarily higher than
any tariff for protection the Whigs proposed in
1832-33 under Henry Clay, their great leader.
It was then that Mr. Clay, in the convulsions
at this capital created by the tariffs of 1828-29,
and succeeding high tariffs, brought in what
was called his compromise bill to settle for ten
years, as he dreamed, the then tariff disturb-
ances of the country; a tariff, as he thought, not
only to preserve the peace, but a tariff also to
foster American industry.
Under that act, which ran for seven or eight
years, until 1841-42, the percentage upon all
articles imported began at 22.4 per cent, and
ended in 1840 at 14.1 per cent., and upon all
dutiable articles from 22.4 per cent, to 15.6,
(see Wells's report,) while now, when our
manufacturers have had thirty years of addi-
tional protection or bounty, the average rate
of duties upon all importations for the fiscal
year ending July 1, 18G8, was 41.2, and upon
dutiable articles, 47.80. Woolens manufac-
tured, which in 1832 were taxed 50 per cent.
ad valorem; in 1841, 23 per cent.; in 1842,
21.}, are now taxed 50 cents per pound, and
35 per cent, ad valorem in addition, from which
there is no reduction proposed in the bill be-
fore us; on the contrary, in some articles of
wool, an increase. The revenue Democratic
tariff of184G, which ran on for ten years, and
under which the commerce and the industry
flourished and the nation rapidly advanced,
its revenue from customs alone running in
ten years from $20,750,000 (1840) to over
$64,000,000 in 1850, never ran higher on duti-
able articles than 20 per cent., and fell as low
as 23 per cent., while upon all importations,
dutiable and free, (the free list was then large,)
the percentage ran from 26 down to 19 in 1849,
and to 20 in 1850. The country was so blessed
that it scarcely knew of or felt the curses
of taxation, and prosperity was so universal
that the poor felt the blessings as well as the
rich.
I hold in my hand a comparative table of
the tariffs of 1828, 1042, and 1870, from which
I will read a few articles, and only a few, in
order to show how we have been running on
and running up, since what was called the
oppressive tariff of 1828, and which came near
producing a civil war in 1832.
Comparative duties on the following articles under the tariffs of 182S, 18-12, and that nolo in force.
Articles.
Steel, in bars or ingots.... 
Salt 
Hides, raw, all kinds 
liiankcls 
Klannels 
Broadcloths and pilot cloths
Cassimeres and docsliins 
Woolen dress goods 
Wilton carpeting 
Silk, manufactures of.   
Guernsey hocks 
Gunny and eloth 
1828.
81 50 per cwt 
10cts.perbusli.of'5t>fbs.
Ji'ree 
35 per cent   
40 to 45 per cent 
■10 to 51) per cent 
40 to 50 per cent 
42 per cent 
70 cents per sa. yd 
25 per et. and 30 per et..
50 per cent 
15 per cent 
18-12.
$1 50 per cwt 
10 cents 
li'ree 
25 per cent 
16 ets. per sci. yd.
33 per cent 
33 per ccnt 
33 per cent 
G3 cents 
10 per cent 
33 per cent 
l(1ree 
1870.
S3 36 per cwt.
12 cents.
10 per ucnt.
140 per cent.
80 per cent.
75 to 90 per cent.
75 to 80 per cent.
70 to 75 per cent.
70 ets. pr. sci. yd. and35pr. ct.
00 per cent.
108 per cent.
108 per ccnt.
From 1SGJ to 1809, more especially during
the convulsions of the civil war, when the peo-
ple were thinking only of the salvation of the
Union, and caring little what it cost, the lobby
monopolists rushed to Washington, and be-
leaguering this Capitol, extorted or won from
Congress, thirteen tariff acts and resolutions,
all more or less raising the rates of taxation,
and inflicting heavier burdens on the consum-
ers. While this?has been our policy—increase
uponincrease; "Pelionupon Ossa''—the pol-
icy of all other countries has been a liberaliza-
tion of their tariffs and freedom from monopo-
lies therein. Such has been the policy of
England, such the policy of France ; such the
German Zollvereiu, and such, more or less, of
all the wiser nations of Europe.
I'UKB TliADE IS I'llliUDO.M.
1 do not doubt that every gentleman who now
listens to the sound of my voice, is abstractly
for free trade, if free trade could be realized.
It is the nature of man to desire the greatest
freedom of intercourse, not only with his own
countrymen, but with all mankind. God, who
has given mail dominion over fish and fowl
and all living creatures in the earth, instituted
no geographical or political boundaries, and
He doubtless intended all to commune together
as brethren in tho freest intercourse and trade.
Ho has given us different climes for different,
productions, and different races of men, all
wonderfully fitted for their varied work of pro-
duction, and all created profitably to inter-
change that production ; whether from the sea
or the soil, whether from the plow, the loom,
the forge, or the anvil ; whether the work of
the muscle or the brain. He has planted us
all upon the earth and commanded us to love
one another, and not to destroy each other,
neither by the sword or the cannon, nor by what
is as fatal to human happiness, by conflicting,
damaging, or destructive tariffs that violate
all his commands. While, and when, we have
struck off the manacles of chattel slavery from
4,000,000 of men, and poured out our blood
like water therefor, wo have been all that while
as ingloriously riveting the chains of monop-
oly slavery upon 30,000,000 other met* in the
tyranicalrestraints we have imposed upon their
personal liberty in trade, commerce, and inter-
course ; and thus what we gained in the world's
estimation by the one great act, we lose in the
greater erimc. Man's audacity, however, on
the tower of Babel, inflicted upon him a con-
fusion of languages and of tongues, and Hence
divided men into States or kingdoms, and with
them, as punishments, have come tariff-:, or
supposed necessities for tariffs to support con-
flicting Governments. And in the conflict of
these tariffs it hasbeen a struggle amongnations
to lay countervailing duties, the one to damage
tho other, or to out-cheat each other in inter-
course and trade. This has been the policy of
nations for years and years. But now, England
and France, especially England, have rapidly
retraced their fatal steps, while for nine Jong
years we have been piling up tariff upon tariff,
from 11.2 per cent, in 1861 to 44 per cent, in
18G8, and have become now tho most tariffed,
the most taxed, and in that respect the most
accursed nation upon earth. While God has
done everything in this vast Itepublic of ours
to bless us, man seems to be doing his utmost
to counteract the Almighty will.
What, Mr. Chairman, more beautiful spec-
tacle exists now than that of free trade in our
own country, from the rock-bound shores of
Passauiaquoddy in the East to tho Golden Grate
or Puget sound of the West? What an illus-
tration of its benefits and its bounties among
40,0000,000 people in our grand Republic I
What has been the great value of our Union
but its unity of trade and commerce and its
absolute freedom from custom-house restraints
and impositions? But how much more beau-
tiful would be that spectacle, if on that long
line of imaginary boundary from Miramicbi on
the East to the straits of Fuca on the West,
among that broad-spread English-speaking peo-
ple, there were but one law for customs, one
rule of duties, one universal free trade. On our
