3062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
ator from Illinois has said in regard to this
mailer. I agree to the general policy that the
courts of the United States ought not to be
held at a large variety of places, or the dig- 1
triets subdivided. As a general rule that is
probably very correct policy ; but I think that
in this case the Senate might make an excep-
tion, as the Ilouse of Representatives has
already done, the members of the House from
Iowa concurring in the expression of their
desire that it should be done, and that it would
be to the interest of the peoplo of the State
of Iowa to have a term of the district court of
the United States held at Council Bluffs here-
after.
As has been said by the Senator from Illi-
nois, there are now three places of holding the
district court of the United States in Iowa, all
on the eastern side of the State. Our people
want one place on the western side; and as we
have the policy of a division in the State of
Iowa, it is but right and proper that tbe divis-
ion should be made to meet the wants and the
wishes of the people of the State. If hereafter
it be decided to concentrate the district court
of the United States for the State of Iowa at
one point and hold all the courts there, there
would be no ground of complaint on the part
of those in that portion of the State, and they
might be concentrated at the capital; but I beg
of Senators 
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask the Senator
from Iowa how many judicial districts there
are in tbe State? More than one?
Mr. HOWELL. I spoke of the district
coart of the United States being held at three
different places in the State.
Mr. HOWARD. Is it the same court ?
Mr. HOWELL. I understand it to be the
same court and the same judge.
Mr. HOWARD. Then there is bat one
district ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The State is divided by
, boundaries into districts, certain counties em- 1
bracing each district; bnt the same judge holds
the courts.
Mr. HOWARD. How many districts are
there ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Three.
Mr. HOWELL. They are snb-districts.
Mr. POMEROY. It is evident that this
matter cannot be settled to-night, and there-
fore I object to the further consideration of the
bill.
Mr. HOWELL. One word farther, if the
Senator from Kansas pleases.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator can hardly
hope by unanimous consent to reverse the re- :
port of the committee. However, I am willing
to hear the Senator's remarks. i
Mr. HOWELL. AH I have to say farther
is that at present the railroad system of Iowa
is not sufficiently perfected to admit of parties
and witnesses and jurors traveling with facility
and convenience and at moderate expense from ;
the different points of the State to other points; |
bat that portion of the State to be included in !
-these boundaries will be easily accessible and j
convenient to Council Bluffs. I think that in i i
view of the fact that the bill has passed the '< \
House of Representatives with the unanimous ,
concurrence of the members ot' the House from
Iowa, the Senate here need not press a partic- ;
ular policy to such a degree as to rale this bill !
oat and reject it, now that it has passed the |
other Honse. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas desires that the bill be passed 1
over; and the next bill will be reported.
PROCEEDINGS IN FEDERAL COURTS. |
Tbe next bill on the Calendar vas the bill I;
(S. No. 151) to further the administration of j
justice.
Mr. POMEROY. Let that be passed over.
The Senator from Wisconsin who reported it
[Mr. Carpenter] is not here to-day, and I
understand he desires to address the Senate
upon it
Mr. STEWART afterward said! I should
like to iuquire if Senate bill No. 151, to further
the administration of justice, was objected to?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was passed
over, it being stated that the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] desired to speak
upon it when it came up.
Mr. STEWART. This is a bill that I do not
think he cares to speak about. It was the bill
to increase the judge's salaries he wanted to
speak about.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator knows that
1 have no objection.
Mr. STEWART. He spoke to me in regard
to the bill increasing salaries.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
stated again, subject to objection.
The Secbetauy. It is a bill (S. No. 151) to
further the administration of justice.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
an amendment, to strike out all after the en-
acting clause of the bill, and in lieu thereof to
insert the following:
That from and after tho 1st day of July, in tho
year of our Lord 1870, tho several district judges of
tho United States shall bo relieved from all duty of
holding the circuit court in their respective districts,
and from Bitting in the circuit court held therein,
except in the absence of the cirouit judge and the
justico of the Supremo Court allotted to the circuit;
but the district judges shall havo the same power as
circuit judges al chambers to grant writs and orders
incases pending in the circuit court of their respect-
ive districts, which aro usually granted in the first
instance upon an ex parte application, and may, in
their discretion, also hear and determine applications
to vacate or modify such writs or orders by them
granted; but no injunction granted by a district
judge alter this act shall take effect, in any cause
pending in said circuit court, shall continue beyond
the third day of the next torin of the circuit court,
after tbe same shall have been granted, unless con-
tinued by order of said circuit court; and any writ
granted or order made by said district judge in any
cause pending in the cirouit court may be modified or
vacated by said circuit court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That no judgment,
decree, or order of a circuit or district court of the
United States in any civil action at law or in equity,
rendered after this act shall tako cffect, shall be
reviewed by the Supreme Court of the United (states
on writ of error or appeal, unless the writ of error
be sued out or the appeal be taken within two years
after  ho entry of such judgment, decree, or order; and
no judgment, decree, or order of a district court, ren-
dered after thisactsball take effect, shall be reviewed
by a circuit court of the United States upon like
process or appeal, unless the process be sued out or
the appeal be taken within one year after the entry of
the judgment, decree, or order sought to be reviewed:
Provided, That where a party entitled to prosecute
a writ of error or to take an appeal is an infant, or
non eompot mentis, or imprisoned, such writ of error
may bo prosecuted, or such appeal may be taken,
within the periods above designated after the entry
of the judgment, decreo, or order, exclusive of tbe
term of such disability. The appellate court may
affirm, modify, or reverse the judgment, decree, or
order brought before it for review, or may direct
such judgment, dccree, or order to be rendered, or
such further proceedings to be had by the inferior
court as the justice of the case may require.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the Supreme
Court may at any timo in its discretion, and npon
such terms as it may deem just, and where thedefect
has ngt injured and the amendment will not preju-
dice the defendant in error, allow tn amendment'of
a writ of error, when there is a mistake in the teste
of the writ, or a seal to the writ is wanting, or when
the writ is made returnable on a day other than the
day of the commencement of the term next ensuing
tho issue of the writ, or when the statement of the
title of tbe action or parties thereto in the writ is
defective, if the defect can beremedied by reference
to the accompanying record, and in other particulars
of form whore the defect has not prejudiced, and the
amendment will not injure the defendant in error;
and thocircait anil district courts of the United States
shall possess the like power of amendment of all pro-
cess returnable to or before them.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That a bill of ex-
ceptions hereafter allowed in any cause shall be
deemed sufficiently authenticated if signed by tbe
judge of the court in which the cause was tried, or
by tbe presiding judge thereof, if more than one judge
sat on the trialof the cause, without any seal of court
or judge being annexed thereto; and all process
issued from tho courts of the United States shall bear
teste from the day of such issue.
Skc. 5. And be it further enacted. That tbe practice,
pleadings, and forms and modes of proceeding in
common-law causes in the circuit and district courts
of the United States shall conform, as near as may
be. to the practice, pleadings, and forms and modes
of proceeding existing at tne time in like causes in
the courts of record of the State within which such
circuit or district courts are held, any rule of said
court to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That in suits in
equity in the circuit and district courts of the United
States the bill of complaint shall concisely rftate the
foots npon which the complainantclaims relief; nnd
every faotstated in said bill and not denied bv tiio
answer thereto, either expressly or upon the iu'tonn-
ation and belief of tlio defendant, sh.ill, on the hair-
ing of said cause, be deemed and taken to be true.
Skc. 7. Ami bat further enttclrd, Tliut in eonnuon-
I law causes in tho circuit and distnot courts of tlio
! United States the plaintiff shall ho entitled to sim-
ilar remedies, by attachment or other process against
: tho proper y of tho defendant, which aro provided
I for by tho lawsol thoStateapplicable toStutecourts
I at tho time such causa is commonccd; and the party
recovering judgment shall bo entitled t•> similar
remedies upon tho same, by execution or otherwise,
to roach tho property of the judgment debtor, as aro
provided by tho laws of the State within which such
district or circuit courts aro held in like cases : Pro-
vided, '1 hat similar preliminary affidavits or proofs,
and similar security as required by such laws, shall lie
first furnished by tho party seeking such attachment
or other remedy.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That whenever
notice is given of a motion for an injunction out of a
circuit or district court of tho United States, tho
court or tho judge thereof may. if there appear to
bo danger of irreparable injury from delay, grant an
order restraining tho act sought to be enjoined until
the docision upon the motion. Such order may bo
granted with or without security, in the discretion
of the court or judgo: Provided, That no justico of
tho Supremo Court shall hear or allow any applica-
tion for an injunction or restraining order except
within tho circuit to which he is allotted, or at such
place outside of tho circuit as the parties may in
writing stipulate.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That no indict-
ment found and presented by a grand jury in any
distriot or circuit court of tho United States shall
be deemed insufficient, nor shall tho trial, judgment,
or other proceeding thereon be affected by reason
of any defect or imperfection in matter of form
only, which shall not tend to the prejudice of tho
defendant.
Skc. 10. And be it further enacted. That in all crim-
inal causes tho defendant may be found guilty of any
offense, the commission of which is necessarily in-
cluded in that with which ho is charged in the indict-
ment, ormay bo found guiltyof an attempt to commit
the offense so charged; Provided, That such attempt
be itself a separate offense.
Sec.11. Andbe it further enacted, That on an indict-
ment ngainst several, if the jury cannot agree upon
a vcrdiot as to all, they may render a verdict as to
those in regard to whom they do agree, on which a
judgment shall bo entered accordingly; and the
cause as to the other defendants may be tried by
another jury.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That any party
or person desiring to have any judgment, decree, or
order of any district or circuit court reviewed on
, writ of error or appeal, and to stay proceedings
thereon during tbe pendency of such writ of error
or appeal, may give the security required by law
therefor within sixty days after the rendition of such
judgment, decree, or order, or afterward with the
. permission of a justice or judge of the said appellate
court.
Mr. BOREMAN. I prefer that that bill
i should be passed over.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
! over.
JOSEPH LANMAN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 726) for the relief of Joseph Lanman.
It provides for paying to Joseph Lanman, rear
admiral in the United States Navy, the differ-
! ence between the pay of a commodore and that
of a rear admiral of the United States Navy,
i from December 7,1867, to April 14,1868.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Let the report be
| read in that case.
; The Secretary read the report submitted by
■ Mr. Stockton*, from the Committee on Naval
| Affairs, on the 30th of March, as follows:
i The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
, referred the petition of Rear Admiral Joseph Lan-
: man, praying the difference of pay between commo-
| dore and rear admiral from December 7, 1867, to
1 April 14,1863, have considered the same, and report
| as follows:
; That on the 18th of December, 1867, the nomina-
1 tion of the petitioner to be rearadmiral was madeout
; at the Navy Department, to fill the vacancy caused
i by the death of Rear Admiral James S. Palmer,
1 December 7,1867.
I That on the same day the nomination so mads out
I was taken by the Secretary of the Navy in person
j to the President for his signature; that through tho
mistake or inadvertence of tho President's secre-
tary the nomination was mislaid, and did not reach
the Senate till April, 1868.
That his commission gives the petitioner rank as
rear admiral from December 8,18o8, but that he has
been allowed the pay due to that rank only from
April 14.1868, the date of his commission, having
been allowed only the pay of commodore from
December 8,1867, to April 14,1868.
The foregoing statement of facts shows that the
petitioner lailed to secure his commission as rear
admiral, at or about the timo, of his nomination,
Only through the mistake or inadvertence of an-
