1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
400?
appropriations for the Blackfeet, Bloods, and
Piegans, to increase the appropriation from
$30,000 to $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 5, after
line one hundred and seven, in the appropria-
tion for the Cheyennes and Arapahoes, to strike
out the following clause:
For this amount, to bo expended in such goods,
provisions, and other articles as the President may
from time to time determine, including insurance
find transportation thereof; in instructing in agri-
cultural and mechanical pursuits; in providing em-
ploye's, educating children, procuring medicine and
medical attendance, care for and support of the aged,
-sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said
Indians, and in any other respect to promote their
civilization, comfort, and improvement, $57,000.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For third of thirty installments provided to bo
expended under tenth article, treaty October 28,1867,
£20,000.
For purchase of clothing, as per same article,
$14,500.
For pay of physician and teacher, as per thirteenth
article, same treaty, £2,500.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller,
and engineer, as per same article, $5,200.
For second of three installments, to be expended in
presents to the ten persons of said tribe who, in the
judgment of the agent, ma y grow the most valuable
crops for the respective year, as per fourteenth arti-
cle, same treaty, $500.
For transportation of goods, $10,000.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller,
and engineer, for the fiscal year ending JuneGO, 1809,
$>5,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the appropriations for
the Chippewas of Lake Superior, after line
one hundred and ninety-eight, to insert:
For support of smith and shop, during the pleasure
of the President, as per seventh and twelfth articles
of treaty of April 7,1866, $600.
For support of two farmers, during tho pleasuie
of the President, as per twelfth article treaty of
September 30, 1854, and seventh article of treaty of
April 7,1866, $l,20<y.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations to line one hun-
dred and ninety-five, page 9, where the clause
reads, " For fourteenth of twenty installments
for the seventh smith and assistant" The
word u seventh " seems hardly proper.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is right.
It is " the seventh smith" in addition to the
six smiths before provided for.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line two hundred and
ten, to strike out " $2,500" and to insert
" $5,000;" so as to read, "for insurance,
transportation, and necessary cost of delivery
of annuities and provisions for Chippewas of
Lake Superior, §5,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and eighty-four, to strike out " $1,500 "
and insert " $5,000;" so as to read:
For insurance, transportation, and nccessnry cost
of delivery of annuities and provisions for Chippe-
was of Mississippi, in accordance with sixth article
of the treaty of March 19, 1867, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after line three
hundred and one, to insert:
For this amount, io be applied toward the support
of a saw-mill to be built for the common use of the
Ohippcwas of Mississippi and the Ked Lake and
Pembina bands of Chippewas, as per sixth article oi
treaty of May 7,1864, 81,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that at
half past four o'clock to day the Senate take a
recess until half past seven.
The motion was agreed to.
Ml-. RAMSEY. May I inquire what busi-
ness will be considered after the recess this
evening ?
Mi?. MORRILL, of Maine. This Indian ap-
propriation bill, I suppose.
Mr. RAMSEY. The general Calendar or
this bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
of business will be in the control of the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. But is there any rule oper-
ating now to indicate the business that shall
bo considered ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
rule that will prevent the unfinished business
from being proceeded with during the evening.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly, under the reso-
lution which the present occupant of the chair
introduced some time ago, it was the under-
standing that the general Calendar would be
considered in the evening. Unless the_ Sen-
ator from Maine insists on the appropriation
bill, we ought to go on with the general Calen-
dar. 1 do not mean the Calendar of special
orders, but the general Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I take occcasion
to say to the Senate that I shall be anxious to
go on with this bill to-night, and shall expect
to do so.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to give notice that at
tlie proper time I shall offer an amendment
to the bill by direction of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. I ask that it be now read for
information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Tiio Secretary of tlie Interior is horeby authorized
to pay to Antoinette Barling, or her legal represent-
atives, the sum of J518 (it, being the unexpended bal-
ance of tho sum appropriated for tlie payment of
Sioux Indian depredations in Minnesota inl8b2 and
1863, the same to bo in full of all claims of tlie said
Antoinette Darling for said depredations.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for information
whether the understanding is that no other
business will be taken up this evening except
this bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There has
been no understanding. The unfinished busi-
ness will be in order; but if the appropriation
bill should be concluded, anything else could
be taken up that the Senate should vote to
take up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So far as it is
possible for me to have any understanding, it
will be that we shall consider the appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. That I understood the
chairman to state awhile ago, and there was
no dissent. I supposed that amounted to an
understanding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho read-
ing of the bill will be proceeded with.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of tho Committee on
Appropriations was in line three hundred and
fifty-nine, under the head oi "Chippewas of
Red Lake and Pembina tribe of Chippewas,''
to strike out " $3,500" and insert "$3,900;'
so as to read:
For seventh of fifteen installments for pay of one
blacksmith, one physician, who shall funnel medi-
cine lor (he sick, ono miller, and one farmer, per
fourth article of same treaty, $3,9113.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to give notice of an
amendment I intend to offer to this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported.
The Ciiikf Clerk,. The proposed amend-
ment is on page 42, after line tou hundred and
twenty, to insert:
For balance due the Pottawatomie*under various
treaties with the United States, from that ot Decern-
ber 2,1795, to that of Jtliy 23, 1816, as a^-ertamed in
tho rcoort made January IS, to the hecretary
of the Interior by the commissioners appointed by
the President under the Senate amendment to tnc
tenth article of the treaty with the Pottawatomie
Indians ol August 7, ISIS, W7S.9,i> 41.
For interest due said Indians on the sum of 5>11)0,-
5411 48 atfive per cent., to January ^2, lbl®, awarded
by the sonie commissioners iu their suppiomentaiy
report, $48,897 95.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the appropriations lor
the Creeks, after line four hundred and fifty-
four, to insert:
For blacksmith and assistant, shon and tools, $810.
For iron and steel of shop, $370.
For wagon-malcer, $600.
For education, $1,000.
For assistance in agricultural operations, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tion for the Crows, after line four hundred and
seventy, to strike out:
For this amount, to be expended in such goods,
provisions, and other articles as the President may
from time to time determine, including insurance and
transportation thereof, in instructing in agricultural
and mechanical pursuits, in providing employes, edu-
cating children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance, carc for and support of the aged, sick,
and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said. Indians,
and in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, $10!),000.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For second of thirty installments to supply male
persons, six hundred in number, over fourteen years
of age, with a suit of good substantial woolen cloth-
ing, consisting of coat, hat, pantaloons, flannel shirt,
and woolen socks, as per ninth article treaty of May
7,1*68, SB,400.
For second of thirty installments to supply each
female, seven hundred in number, over twelve years
of age, with a flannel shirt, or the goods necessary
to make the same, a pair of woolen hose, twelve yards
of calico, and twelve yards of cotton domestic, as per
same article, $8,400.
For second of thirty installments to supply three
hundred boys and throe hundred and fifty girls,
under tho ages named, such flannel and cotton goods
as may be needed to make each a suit as aforesaid,
together with a pair of woolen hose for each, as per
same article, $5,500.
For secoad of ten installments, to be used by the
Secretary of the Interior in tho purchase of such
article* as troin time to time the condition andneccs-
Mtics may imUcatc to bo proper, tho sura of ten dol-
lars for each Indian roaming, one thousand souls, as
per same article, $10,000.
For construction of an agency buildings, as per
third article of the same treaty, SI,000.
For building a residence for physician, as per same
article, $i,U00.
For the construction of five buildings, for carpen-
ter, farmer, blacksmith, miller, and engineer,as per
same article, $2,500.
For pay of physicians for two years ending June
30, 1871, as per tenth article, same treaty, $2,800.
For first of twenty installments for pay of teacher
and furnishing necessary books and stationery,
under seventh article same treaty, S3,000.
For purchaso of seed and agricultural imple-
ments for those who have selected lands and intend
in good faith to cultivate the soil, as per eighth arti-
cle same treaty, $5,000.
For pay of carpenter, miller, engineer, farmer,
and blacksmith, $5,20u, as per tenth article same
treaty. , , , ,,
For first often installments, to be used by tho
Secretary of the interior in the purchase of such
articles as from time to time thecondition and neces-
sities of the Indians may indicate to be proper, the
sum of twenty dollars ior each Indian engaged in
agriculture, nine hundred and fifty-three souls, as
per ninth article of tho same treaty,$10,OGO.
For first of four installments to furnish said Indi-
ans with flour and meat, as per ninth article same
treaty, $l'5l,100.
For purchase of cows and oxen under same article,
$11,250. , , , .
For lirst of three installments to be expended in
presents to the ten persons of said tribe who, in the
judgment of tho agent, may grow the most valuable
crops, as per twelfth article same treaty, $500.
For pay of second blacksmith, iron and steel, as
per eighth article same treaty, $2,000.
For insurance and transportation of goods, £10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and fifty-two, to increase the appropri-
ation "for pay of teachers of manual-labor
schools, for all necessary materials therefor,
and for the subsistence of the pupils'' of the
Molels, from $1,000 to $"2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
appropriation for the Navajoes from line seven
hundred and sixty-four to line seven hundred
and seventy-three, as follows:
for this amount, to bo expended in such goods,
provisions, and other articles as the President inay
l'roui time to time del ermine, including transporta-
tion and msui.mce thereof, in instructing in agri-
eeltui al and mechanical pursuits, in providing em-
ployes, educating children, procuring medicine ana
mcdicnl attendance, care tor and support ol tno
aged, tick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans ot
said Indians, and in any other respect to promote
tlieir civilization, comfort, an dimpro cement,
And in lieu thereof to insert:
I*--*
i lars per Indiaai, as per eighth article treaty of June
, 1, 1868, $40,0(10.
