1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3063
other, whioh ought not, in jostiee, to  f«t injuri-
ously his position in the service, or prevent him from
obtaining his just pay-
The commit toe thwofoto report t*G •ocoopMyini
bill, and ask iupassage.
Before I lie reading was concluded,
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator wbo re-
ported this bill is not in his seat. He might
explain it if he were here, perhaps. I ask that
it be passed over.
Mr. ANTHONY. The report explains itself.
It is a perfect!? clear case. I think the report
explains it very fully. There can be but one
opinion about it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope there will be
no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I will hearthe report read
through. I did not think it was very clear.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the report.
Mr. FENTON. I am not certain that I
object to this bill; but I wish to submit whether
it will not form a precedent that will involve
a great many cases of a similar character in
the Army as well as in the Navy. I have one
in my mind now. A colonel in the one hun-
dred and fifty-second regiment of New York,
after the battle at Atlanta, was assigned to the
command of a brigade, and upou the recom-
mendation of General Sherman he was com-
missioned as a brigadier general. In the capa-
city of a brigadier general he continued until
he reached Washington at the grand review in
the last of May, 1865, but his commission did
not reach him till a few days before ; and he
was only mustered into the service and had
rank from a few weeks before he was mustered
out. This is only one of a number of cases
thatlhave in my mind, and I think the passage
of this bill will lead to special legislation of
this character, which we had better pretty well
consider before we enter upon it. I venture to
ask that the bill be passed over for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will bepossed
over. The next bill will be stated.
Mr. FENTON. The Senator from Connec-
ticut [Mr. Bcckisgham] appeals to me to with-
draw my objection until he can make a state-
ment
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Until we take the
vote.
Mr. FENTON. I prefer that it should be
jMissod over.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York insists on theobjection, and the bill
will be passed over.
EMMOR WARE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 702) for the relief of Emmor Ware.
It provides for paying to Emmor Ware, late
postmaster at Buttersville, Indiana, $115 in
full for postage stamps of which he was robbed
while postmaster, on the night of the 23d day
of January, 1868, and for which he has ac-
counted to the Post Office Department.
Mr. CORBETT. That is for refunding
money for stolen postage stamps. I think the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] objects
to all these bills. Let it go over nntil he is
present.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a report in that
case. It is a House bill with a House report.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask that the bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is very singular. Why
should this bill be objected to ? It is for a very
Bmall sum, and had better be taken off the
Calendar. The Senator from Vermont ob-
jected in another case because the proof was
not clear to his mind. Here there can be no
doubt.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand the Senator
from Vermont to object to all these cases.
Mr. RAMSEY. Did the Senator from Ver-
mont desire the Senator from Oregon to object
in his absence ?
Mr. CORBETT. I objcct in his absence.
IIBNRY N. GALPIN.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 207) for the relief
of Henry N. Galpin, postmaster at Berlin, Con-
necticut. The bill is a direction to the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, in settling
the accounts of Henry N. Galpin, as postmas-
ter at Berlin, Connecticut, to credit and allow
to him $150 for postage stamps of which he
was robbed by burglars on the night of October
16, 1808, without fault or negligence on his
part.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report in that
case?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does not that come under
the rule ?
Mr. RAMSEY. UnderMr. Edmunds's rule?
I appeal to the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Coubktt] whether it does or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the report of the House committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does this fall under the
rule?
Mr. CORBETT. This falls under the rule
of the Senator from Vermont. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon objects, and it will be passed over.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have passed several
bills allowing such claims in the case of rev-
enue officers who have lost revenue stamps
where there was clearly no fault on their part.
I do not see why the rule should not apply to
postmasters.
Mr. CORBETT. TheSenator from Vermont,
; I believe, desires to be heard on these bills. I
; object to the consideration of this bilL
THOMAS E. SCOTT.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 210) for the relief
of Thomas E. Scott, late postmaster at Cerro
Gordo, Illinois.
Mr. CORBETT. Let that be passed over.
I think the postmaster can stand that loss ; it
is only sixty-nine dollars.
B. L. D. BORCHFIELD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 28) for the relief of Robert L. D.
Burchfield. By its terms the Paymaster Gen-
eral is directed to pay to Robert L. D. Burch-
field, late second lieutenant of company D,
third North Carolina mounted infantry, the
full pay and allowances of a second lieutenant
of infantry, for the time during which he shall
make satisfactory proof that he actually served
in that capacity without pay.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report inthat
case?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no re-
port.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We ought to know what
it is. Let it be laid aside until the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Abbott] is here to
explain it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
JOHN 8HBLT0N.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 738) for the relief of Lieutenant John
Shelton.
^ Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it tempora-
rily, until the Senator from North Carolina
comes in. It is of the same character as the
last bill.
ISAAC H. ALLEN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 734) for the relief of Isaac H. Allen.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That comes from the
same committee, is reported by the same Sen-
ator, and is the same kind of a bill. Let it lie
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
DISTRICT POLICE COURT.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 38) to establish a police court for
the District of Columbia.
I have been requested to
But unless my friend has
Mr. HARLAN.
examine that bill.
Mr. SUMNER.
some objection to it I hope he will let us pro-
ceed with it. The chairman of the committee
is absent, and he asked me to look after the
bill. It has been carefully considered in com-
mittee, and I have an amendment to move in
the nature of a substitute, to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert the proposition
which comes from the committee. It is re-
garded as important that it should pass.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. The bill has already passed
the House of Representatives creating one
judge. The Senate committee propose two
judges instead of one. The House bin also
proposes to make their term of holding office
during good behavior, practically for life. The
amendment limits it to six years. These are
the two essential differences between the two
bills. Besides, the Senate bill, if I may say
so, is taken into a new draft. It is a more
accurate bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I am in favor of the Sen-
ate bill and not of the House.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope, therefore, the Sen-
ate will proceed with the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I will withdraw my objec-
tion until I hear the bill read.
Mr. SUMNER. Has the Secretary the
amendment of the committee? I will send it
to the Chair. It is to strike out all after the
enacting clause and to insert a substitute.
The Secretary proceeded to read the substi-
tute, but before concluding,
Mr. BOIIEMAN. Is that substitute offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts, or reported
by the Committee on the Districtof Columbia ?
Mr. SUMNER. This is the substitute of
the Senate committee.
Mr. BOREMAN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts proposes to offer as a substitute, as
I understand, a whole bill 
Mr. SUMNER. That is what is reading
now. The substitute from the Senate Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia is now reading.
Mr. BOREMAN. My inquiry was whether
this was a substitute offered by the Senator or
by the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. The Clerk is now reading
the reportof the Senate Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia made by the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Hamlin] who is now absent, being
a substitute for the House bill.
Mr. BOREMAN. Reported by the Senator
from Massachusetts?
Mr. SUMNER. No; I am acting in a very
humble capacity for my friend, the Senator
from Maine, who is absent. I am a member
of the committee.
Mr. BOREMAN. I was not furnished with
what was being read. I find it does not corre-
spond with the printed bill before me.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator has the House
bill. What the Clerk is now reading is the
report of the Senate Committee.
_ Mr. DAVIS. I object to the further con-
sideration of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow the reading to be finished.
Mr. DAVIS. It will have to be read again
when taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. It need not be read again
if it is read now.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky objects, and the bill will be
passed over.
AMERICAN UNION ACADEMY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 694) to incorporate the American Union
Academy of Literature, Science, and Art.
Mr. WILSON. Let that be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
