1176
THfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
so voted) and I am not talking about the
parties into which they were divided. I take
ft, of course, many of those who so voted mast
have been Republicans, because the Repub-
licans are said to be the majority there, and this
clause was voted-down by a more decisive
majority than the party itself has. So I say
that if we are to impose conditions on any of
these States why not upon Mississippi ? That
is the only point to which I desire to call the
attention of the Senate, Has the millenium
arrived in Mississippi that she should be re-
lieved from any obligations imposed on other
States?
I admit that I feel the Warmest and most
friendly sympathy for this S&te, because of
the character of the men she has elected.
Everything that indites the progress of ad-
vanced sentiment in Mississippi meets my cor-
dial approval $ but the feet that this is so is no
reason why We should not impose the same
obligations upon Mississippi that we imposed
upon Virginia. Is there any reason why we
should be less rigid With those whom we regard
as our friends than with those who are su^osed
to be opposed to the party who are in the
majority in the Senate?
So I say these conditibns are imposed not
for the sake of consistency merely, as the
Senator from Minnesota says, because con-
sistency is nothing if it is not right j Consist-
ency in the wrong is no virtue. It is only to
be consistently right that I urge these condi-
tions, as I have voted for conditions in all the
States. The good reason that exists in the
case of Virginia, Alabama, and Texas exists
in regard to the State of Mississippi, and I do
not propose myself to make any invidious dis-
crimination.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Kansas if he thinks the
powers of the Constitution to do the things
indicated by these conditions will be enlarged
by the conditions?
Mr. POMEROY. No I very frankly say
that I do not think the powers of the Consti-
tution can be enlarged by atoy act of Congress.
If the Senator supposes there can be any dif-
ferent answer from that given I should like to
have one given.
Mr. STEWART. I was about to ask
another question. Does the Senator believe
that the evils attempted to be guarded against
by these conditions could be provided for by
legislation without the conditions?
Mr.-POMEROY. I regard them, when put
into the act upon which the State is admitted,
as having attached to them a condition of good
laith which would not attach to a mere act of
Congress, because it is a part of the under-
standing of the conditions upon which the State
is admitted. Of course a mere act of Congress
has not got that quality ?
Mr. STEWART. If these conditions were
not followed would not an act of Congress be
required to apply the remedy? Would they
be self-enforcing ?
Mr. POMEROY. If it would require an act
of Congress we have prepared the way for it,
and have got a good justification for it; and
hence there is the grteater necessity for putting
it in.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose there should be
a violation in some respect not enumerated,
theft you hate a reason why you should not
legislate in that other respect because you had
enumerated them all ?
Mr. POMEROY. That " other respect" is
rather intangible. We will let it go until the
exigency arises. But, Mr. President, I only
say that what has been required of the other
States has been required of them because it
was regarded as a matter of justice and pru-
dence and right, and hence there is no reason
why any exception should be made in regard
to the State of Mississippi. I am only too
anxious to extend a friendly hand to these
States. They have been out long enough ; but
I want them to come in alike and neither make
distinctions in favor of one or the other, and
for that reason I shall vote against the amend-
ment of this Committee on the Judiciary and
for the House bill.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, these matters
were all discussed on the Virginia bill for sev-
eral days; all the principles involved were
then considered and debated. We are very
much behind time at this session with our busi-
ness, and it seems to mo we understand the
question well, and I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and hope we shall get a
vote. I
The yeas and nays were ordered. ;
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I suppose
that is with no idea to cut off debate.
Mr. WILSON. Of course not, if anybody
wants to debate.
Mr. STEWART. I believe, Mr. President,
in practical legislation. I like to see some
probable result or some possible good result of
what I am about to do. There are various con-
ditions-subsequent here. The first condition,
with regard to administering the oath to officers
under the fourteenth amendment, I do not re-
gard as in the nature of a condition-subsequent;
but the power to insert fundamental conditions-
subsequent we have been discussing. It might
be well to examine the conditions as to the
point of utility, if we are going to legislate on this
subject. We have been discussing the power,
and I have heard but very little said as to
whether the conditions will do any good or not.
It is very important to see what they mean in
that respect. The provision is :
" And provided, further. That the State of Missis-
sippi is admitted to representation in Congress as
one of the States of the Union, upon the following
fundamental conditions: First, that the constitution
of Mississippi shall never be so amended or changed
as to deprive any citizen or class of citizens of the
United States of the right to vote who are entitled to
vote by the constitution herein recognized, except as
a punishment for such crimes a3 are now felonies at
common law, whereof they shall have been duly
convicted under laws equally applicable to all the
inhabitants of said State."
In the first place, that is the enactment of a
law. It ean be repealed, and there will be
necessarily an issue made as to whether it has
any other effect or'not. Of course if the Dem-
ocratic party come into power, their first act
Will be to repeal it. It is a statute. It does
not aim at doing any particular thing; it only
says a State shall not do some things. I think
the best way to remedy the diffieuly aimed at
in the proviso is to pass a different kind of law;
to pass a law for the purpose of securing the
ballot to the colored man. The white man is
not going to be disfranchised. The majority
of the people of this country are white, and they
will be likely to retain the ballot. But we have
the fifteenth amendment now adopted, or about
to be adopted, and it is important to legislate in
that direction. I have carefully prepared a bill,
applying the machinery which was so thor-
oughly studied and matured in the civil rights
bill to the fifteenth amendment, and I believe
it will give effectual relief for that particular
case. It is in pursuance of the Constitution.
This proviso will be treated as a mere nullity
if the restriction goes beyond the Constitution
or adds anything to the Constitution. If a col-
ored man is deprived of the ballot, he wants
something more than a declaration; he wants
a specific law. He has got that general decla-
ration in the fundamental law, and putting it
in here is an admission that you doubt the effi-
cacy of the fifteenth amendment. Why patch
it up with statutes ? We had that very question,
whether we should have a constitutional amend-
ment or a statute. There were those, twelve
months ago, who opposed the constitutional
amendment, and wanted a statute upon this
question of suffrage; but two thirds of both
Houses thought it was safer and better to ingraft
it in the fundamental law, and they have done
so. Now we have a proposed statute upon
the same subject in the shape of a fundamental
condition.
The two propositions were discussed here last
year for a month. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Stjmneb] urged that a statute
was the thing to cure all evils of this kind;
but two thirds of each House, after careful
deliberation, came to the conclusion that a
constitutional amendment was needed. Now
I hope the two Houses will come to the con-
clusion that they want an act to enforce that
constitutional amendment, to give the machin-
ery whereby it may be enforced, and the ballot
secured to the freedmen. We want no more
general declaration on the subject. We have
got that in the Constitution now. An attempt
on the part of Mississippi or any other State
to change her constitution so as to deprive the
colored man of the ballot would be abortive,
would be in violation of the Constitution of the
United States, and for that we have a clear
remedy.
Why make this weak admission ? Why say
that it is necessary to pass this general declara-
tion of power which confers no authority? I
say it is belittling the subject; it is endanger-
ing suffrage to treat it in this way. I am op-
posed to it as pregnant with evil, and I believe
it was passed in the Virginia case without
consideration of its merits. The discussion
on that occasion, as I have said, was upon the
question of power; there was very little con-
sideration of its necessity or safety. _ To those
who think this fundamental condition is im-
portant I commend the reading of the bill
which I had the honor to introduce on the 7th
instant, Senate bill No. 503, extending the pro-
visions of the civil-rights bill to the enforce-
ment of the fifteenth amendment, to see if in
I it they cannot find something more important
and more practical. It is because of the implied
| admission of this proviso that we have not the
power to protect the colored man in the ballot
| that I protest against putting it in this form,
j The proviso in the bill further is:
I Provided, That any alteration of said constitution,
prospective in its effects, may be made in regard to
the time and place of residence of voters. Second,
that it shall never be lawful for the said State to
deprive any citizen of the United States, on account
of his race, color, or previous condition of servitude,
of the right to hold office under the constitution and
laws of said State, or upon any such ground to require
of him any other qualifications for office than such
as are required of all other citizens. Third, that the
constitution of Mississippi shall never be so amended
or changed as to deprive any citizen or class of citi-
zens of the United States of the school rights and
privileges secured by the constitution of said State.
I do not believe that a majority of the Senate
think that any of these provisions will confer
any additional powers upon Congress. I believe
that it is thoroughly understood that it is an
act which can be readily repealed; that it is
making an unnecessary issue in advance; that
it has been a mistake from the beginning. I
do not believe that the Senators upon this floor
from any of the southern States have seen any
good effects arising from these conditions.
They have been in existence now for several
years in some form or other, and I call upon
any Senator, if he can, to point out any good
effects from this kind of legislation—legislation
directed to the same result, making general
declarations in the form of fundamental con-
ditions, trying to add something to the Consti-
tution of the United States beyond its present
legitimate scope. I should like to have any
Senator point out any good results from this
kind of legislation. On the contrary, it is a
vote of want of confidence in the Constitution;
it is a vote of want of confidence in free gov-
ernment ; it is a vote of want of confidence in
the reconstruction we have had.
If we wanted conditions we should have put
them in the Constitution of the United States.
We had the power to put there any condition
we sought to name. I believe we have enough
in the Constitution; but if there be not enough
in that instrument to protect all men in their
rights and to make this a republican Govern-
ment, and make every man equal before the
law, let us take hold of it like men and put it
there, and call upon the southern States to
help us do so. That is the way to do it; but
