3064
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
PATENT DHTTCB FOR 8HEBRINQ BOOMS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 743) confirming and extending a pat-
ent right to Levi W. Pond and the Eau Claire
Lumber Company.
^ The bill, which was read, provides that the
rights described in the letters-patent granted
on the 4th of August, 18C8, to Levi \V. Pond
aud the Ean Claire Lumber Company, of the
county of Eau Claire and State ot Wisconsin,
citizens of the United States, to an invention
therein described and referred to, shall be
granted, confirmed, and extended to Levi W.
Pond and the Eau Claire Lumber Company,
their heirs and assigns, for the full term of
seventeen years from the 1st day of June,
1370, notwithstanding that the invention may
have been to some extent possessed and en-
j >yed by the public prior to the date of the
application for the patent, which was filed on
the 23d day of January, 1868, the invention so
granted and confirmed being described in the
h tters and application as an " improved de-
vice for sheering booms." All rights and
privileges heretofore sold and granted by the
patentees to make, construct, use, or vend the
invention, and not forfeited by the purchasers
or grantees, are to inure to and be enjoyed
by such purchasers or grantees respectively,
as fully and upon the same conditions during
the period hereby granted, as for the term that
did exist when such sale or grant was made.
Any person who had, more than two years
prior to the date of the application for the
patent, bona Jide erected or constructed any
such machine or structure for the purpose of
putting the invention into use in any of its
modifications is to have and enjoy the right
of using the invention in any such specific
machine or structure so actually erected more
than two years prior to the date of the applica-
tion for a patent in all respects as though this
act had not been passed; but no person, with-
out grant or license from the patentees, or
their assigns, is to have or enjoy by virtue of
this act any other or greater privileges or
J'ghts than he would have or enjoy if it had
Uot been passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That, it strikes mc, is
a very extraordinary bill, extending a patent
fey act of Congress for seventeen years. I
have never known such a case.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The invention has been
used by the public, it seems.
Mr. WILLEY. This is a bill reported by
the Senator from Wisconsin, £Mr. Carpenter.']
The Senate has taken notice that the patent
las just been issued, and this is to correspond
■with the present law. The object of the bill is
to validate a patent already issued, there being
some doubts about whether it has not been for-
feited by the article having been in use more
than two years prior to the issue of the patent.
The object of this bill is to validate the patent,
notwithstanding that that may have been the
case. The Senate will perceive that it is a
patent for^ an invention which can be very
limited in its use and in its operation, and the
monopoly of whieh would not operate very
extensively anywhere. It is for the creation
-of a boom, and the invention itself is of such
a character that it must necessarily have been
exposed to the public in the process of its con-
struction ; and the whole object of this bill is
simply to validate a patent which issued, I
Relieve, in 1868, and to give it the length of
term for which patents issue now and for which
that patent issued. It did issue for seventeen
yearSj and this bill is only to validate the patent
in point of fact for thfc term, making it seven-
teen years. It does not increase the term of
the patent at all. It is not for the extension
of a patent; it is to validate one which has just
been issued, in respect to which there is some
doubt whether at the time it was issued the
patentee had a right to his patent.
Mr. HOWELL. I object to the bill simply
on the ground that I do not know anything
about it, and because T am thoroughly opposed
as a general rule to the extension of patents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
benjamin 8. richards.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 118) to place the
name of Benjamin S. Richards on the Navy
Register; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
an amendment, to strike out all after the
resolving clause and to insert the following:
That the President of tho Unitod States be, and he
is, nuthoriied, by and with tho advice and consent
of the Somite, to appoint Ensign Bonjnmin S. ltich-
•rds a muster on tuo active list of tho Nary, to date
from tho 26th day of March, 1860, with tho pay of
that grade from that date.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear that
explained.
Mr. DRAKE. I will explain it. This young
man was an ensign in the Navy and was re-
quired to be examined with reference to pro-
motion to the grade of master. At the time
that he was examined he was just recovering
from a very severe illness, and was infirm
both in body and in mind. He failed to pass
his examination, and they placed him on the
retired list. Afterward, when recovered his
health, he was reexamined and passed an excel-
lent examination : but he cannot get back to
his place on the active list without the author-
ity of Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed. Its title was
amended so as to read: "A joint resolution
to authorize the restoration of Benjamin S.
Richards to the active list of the Navy."
frkedmen's savings company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 732) to amend an act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Freedmen's Savings and
Trust Company, " approved March 3, 18G5.
Mr. PATTERSON. If the Senate has no
objection I should like to take up House bill
No. 1594, which covers the same subject, and
has passed the House; while if we pass the
Senate bill it will have to go to the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senate will consider in place of
the Senate bill the House bill of the same title.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1594)
to amend an act entitled "An act to incorpor-
ate the Freedmen's Savings and Trust Com-
pany," approved March 3, 1865. It proposes
to add to tlie fifth section of the act approved
March 3, 1865, the words following:
And to the extent of ono half in bonds or notes,
securcd by mortgage on real estato in double the
value of th« loan: and the corporation is also author-
ized hereby to hold and improve the real estate now
owned by it in the city of Washington, to wit: the
west half of lot No. 3, all of lots 4,5,6, and 7, and the
eouth half of lot No. 8, in square No. 221, as laid out
and recorded in the original plats or plan of said
city: Provided, That said corporation shall not use
tlie principal of any deposits made with it for the
purpose ol such improvement.
Mr. DRAKE. I think the Senate should
transact to-day some executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us finish this bill.
Mr. DRAKE. This bill, I fear, will take
sometime toconsider. It is four o'clock now,
and there is important executive business to be
transacted. I move, therefore, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, and that will leave this bill the first on
the Calendar for to-morrow.
Mr. PATTERSON. It is a very short bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Missouri that the
order of the Senate is that no other business
shall be in order until the Calendar has been
concluded, and it requires, therefore, unani-
mous coDsenttogointo executive session.
Mr. DRAKE. I withdraw the motion for
the present.
Mr. CAMERON. This amendment of the
charter of this company I objected to some
time ago. I think it will in the end probably
destroy the institution; but the people con-
cerned in its management and those most inter-
ested, the colored people, have written to me
remonstrating against my course; and if they
want to be cheated I do not know that it is
worth while for me to make much trouble about
it. It is a principle which ought not to go into
any banking institution at all. It is endanger-
ing the depositors of the funds, the small de-
positors especially. They are in the hands
of persons entirely irresponsible, except the
responsibility given by their character. They
will be led probably into speculations; and if
this money is once invested in real estate it
will be very difficult to get it back. My experi-
ence has been that whenever institutions of
this kind have invested their money in real
estate they have gone to destruction. I shall
vote against the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. CORBETT. Is that clause contained
in the bill giving the right to improve real
estate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
Air. CAMERON. I think the bill had better
lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
If there be no objection the Senate bill of the
same title will be indefinitely postpoued. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. PATTERSON. What is the objection
to the House bill?
Mr. CAMERON. I object with the intention
of preparing an amendment to-morrow which
I think will make it less objectionable.
district corporation law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We seem to be making
very little progress. The Senate is evidently
wearied, and there is some executive business
that ought to be attended to.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate will pass
the next bill we shall be relieved of about one
third of the bills on the Calendar, hereafter, I
hope.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next bill
on the Calendar is the bill (H. R. No. 1427)
to provide for the creation of corporations in
the District of Columbia by general law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While I am up I wish
to say that I desire to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate for a short executive ses-
sion.
Mr. SHERMAN. After this bill is passed
I shall have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider House hill No. 1427.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
Mr. HOWELL. I know that this bill is a
sound bill, and if it be within the rules of order
by general consent to pass it at once I should
like to see it done. It has passed the House,
and been thoroughly examined by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY. The reading can be dis-
pensed with by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any
objection to dispensing with the reading of the
bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am as much fatigued
and impatient as anybody, but I dislike to
have a bill pass the Senate that has never been
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects. The Secretary will read
the bill?
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill and
having read to the end of the eleventh section,
