162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Heps.
The Tariff—Mr. Brooks.
41st Gong....2d Sess.
British tiiriffon £294,093,000 sterling of import-
ations. And what do you think it is? On all
articles imported into this country in 1869 the
percentage of revenue oil the values imported
was 41.02 per cent. But what do you think
the percentage is on the British importations?
While Britain, with aless population than ours,
imports about four times as much as we do,
and exports annually about four times as much
as we do, the proportion of revenue raised by
the British tariff on all imported articles is
only 7f per cent, against the 41.02 percent, of
ours. Such are the contrasts of a free trade
with our slave trade! Such is the strange
exhibit anomaly of a monarchy and a repub-
lic ! Such the contrast picture of the life of a
subject and a citizen 1
REDUCTION—COAL AND rlG-IROX.
Under this presentation of facts which I
have been making, Mr. Chairman, can any
one doubt that it is our duty, our immediate
duty, to revise forthwith the whole of our
custom-house system? Oar commerce in our
own ships' bottoms has perished; our woolen
manufacturers bitterly complain; our farmers
are dissatisfied, and we are all of us taxed
to death, taxed, it is admitted now, $100,-
000,000 more than is necessary to square the
receipts or expenditures of the Government.
Well, what would you do ? perhaps I am asked.
I would take off the duty on coal. I would
make it free here as it is elsewhere. I would
not tax in this country the fire of the poor
man, or the foundery or forge or factory power
of tlio rich man. I would let all feel, espe-
cially in the long winter months of the east-
ern and central States, that lire was as free as
water, and that no taxation existed on either.
T would take off the duty on unmanufactured
lumber and on salt. I would reduce the duty
on pig-iron to S3 per ton, on load to 1 cent per
pound instead of 2 cents, and copper should
be made to bear a duty corresponding in this
country with that imposed in other countries,
and not 45 per cent, as now.
1 do not know that 1 violate any conlidence
in stating what was said before the Committee
ol Ways and Means by a venerable gentleman
from Maryland, Governor Thomas, who rep-
resented the bituminous coal district of Alle-
ghany county there, and made an eloquent
effort to keep up the tax of $1 25 in gold on
bituminous coal. Ilis remarks in substance
weie that if fice trade existed everywhere,
Alleghany county, Maryland, would be con-
tent with that universal free trade, but that
under the existing state of things, Alleghany
county, according to an estimate lie had made,
contributed $2,000,000 to the iron, cotton,
woolen, and various other protected interests,
and therefore he deemed it a matter of equity
and justice that in this division of the spoils,
these $2,000,000 of "protection" should be
given back to the bituminous coal of Alle-
ghany county. I had no reply to make to
that. There can be none successfully made
as long as this system of mutual robbery exists;
there should be an equal division of the spoils;
everybody should have something, or rather
everybody should have anything anybody de-
mands. No particular section of the country
should be alone protected, and the one million
of manufacturers should equitibly divide the
spoils of their robbery among us all. It was on
that principle that Governor Thomas, of Mary-
land, contended for the protection of the bitu-
minous coal of Alleghany county, and there
is no answer to his argument on the principle
that we have laid down, protecting everybody,
or, in other words, of giving ninety-nine boun-
ties in order to obtain one in a hundred for
ourselves.
TIMBER—PRAIRIES—FOREST.
I would have timber, unmanufactured tim-
ber, i'ree—as free as it is in almost all the
countries of the world. Timber seems to be
an indispensable necessity, and I^vould not
believe men could well live without it if I had
not seen them try. God has blessed a large
part of our country with the finest timber in
the world, and it abounds now in Washington
Territory as it once abounded in Maine. Bat
He has given us mighty prairies and uncovered
mountains as well as mighty forests. From
Chicago, in Illinois, to the Sierra Nevada, on
the Pacific slope, there is not timber enough
to house the human beings now there, to say
nothing of the great hive oil the way. Prairie
after prairie, in Illinois, in Iowa, in Nebraska,
and elsewhere, nude, naked, proclaims the in-
dispensable necessity of timber, while, from
peak to peak of the Rocky mountains, there
is the same proclamation, " no wood." And
now what are we doing in our strange, unnat-
ural, God-defying tariff? We are actually
giving a heavy premium, at this very moment,
to the people of Michigan and Maine for the
spoliation of their forests, instead of giving
them a bounty, as we should, for their protec-
tion. Far wiser would it be for us to give
25 per cent, protection to every man who
would plant a tree and never use his ax upon
the forest, than to give a bounty as we do
for the destruction of those forests. Now,
Providence created those forests for our com-
mon good, and we have no right to give bounty
tariffs for their destruction. We need them
for our rains, our showers, to feed our streams,
to supply our rivers, our springs, to say noth-
ing of our houses, our homes, our barns, our
ships, our vehicles, implements of all classes
and kinds ; and hence, he who inhumanly de-
stroys a forest, is an enemy of our race.
In my earlier life, in the State of Maine,
on the banks of the Androscoggin and Ken-
nebec, I often heard people sajr that the for-
ests of Maine could never be stripped of their
timber, and that no man would ever live to see
the day when Maine would not abound in for-
ests ; and yet now Maine is already despoiled,
and has but comparatively little of the useful
kinds, of the higher qualities of pine left for
exportation. In a country like ours, then, I
repeat, a prairie country, often a barren mount-
ain country, something should be done for the
cultivation and expansion of our forests ; noth-
ing certainly for their destruction. If we owe
nothing to ourselves we owe something to our
posterity, and t.licy will justly reproach us for
our indifference to their welfare.
Let the Canadians despoil themselves if they
choose, or let us despoil them, while the people
of Michigan and Minnesota and Maine should
remember that every tree now cut down is to
be worth ten times more hereafter, and that
it is a robbery of their children if not of them-
selves to receive miserable bounties now from
Government for a destruction, when preserva-
tion would givethem ten times the bounty here-
after. I saynothing here in all this of the
wrong and injustice, in depriving the poor man
of the East and Center of the cheapest timber
and boards wherewith to build him a house,
while the rich can build in brick, or freestone,
or marble, or iron. I say nothing of the folly
of giving the manufacturer of the Easta bounty
on his cottons and Ins woolens when you
thus tax his timber and planks and boards of
which his manufactory is made. All is folly,
all is wrong, from beginning to end, and the
wonder is that such folly has advocates in a
free-school land.
niDES FREE.
My honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] who sits before me, and who does
me the honor of listening to me, in some re-
marks which he made the other day, feeling
that the agriculturists of the country should
have their share of the spoils, made an argu-
ment in favor of the existing duty of ten per
cent, on hides. He spoke, he said, for the
agriculturists, for the farmer; and he con-
tended, as did Governor Thomas of Maryland
for the coal-mine owners, that the farmers
should have something in the protective tariff
distribution as well as the manufacturers. Well,
if this system of legislation was just or wise,
let us really see what in this article of hides
the farmer pays for what he gets extra, if he
gets any extra at all.
The great God of nature, in His distribution
of goods among men, has, as in wool and in
copper, so distributed them that the product
of one people becomes necessary to the perfec-
tion of the products of another.
The texture of the hide of Buenos Ayres,
with a short, fine fiber, endures great attrition,
but has not pliability and toughness. The
domestic hide has that necessary pliability and
toughness with its long and pliable fiber.
Hence, the South American hide is chiefly
manufactured into hemlock sole leather, and
the domestic hide into harness and belting
leather. The trade estimates that of our great
staple, hemlock sole leather, 97 to 98 per cent,
is made from the hides of South America,
against but 2 to 3 per cent, from domestic
hides. (Statement of Mr. Allen, of Milwau-
kee, before Ways and Means.) Other nations
have hides free, while our gold tax, 10 per
cent., with warehouse charges, &c., runs up the
tax to 12 or 15 cents, according to the price
of currency. Hence, our exports of leather
and of the products of leather are now nearly
lost to us. Canada is now exporting leather
in large quantities to Europe, and Europe
and Canada are supplying South America, a
trade we once had—returning for raw hides
and wool the manufactures of leather, in boots,
shoes, harness, and saddlery. Now, here is
a great trade lost, destructive to our ship-
ping and our laborers, and with no profit, as
yet, to the United States farmer. On the con-
trary, the fact is that if we do not export the
product of hides imported, the leather made
from them here reduces the value of hides
produced by the farmers of our own country.
It is not pretended, that if South American
hides did interfere with United States hides,
it would reduce the hide value more than 50
or 75 cents per hide. But granting that re-
duction, what does the farmer who raises one
bullock or two for the market pay for that,
protection? What on his belting, his har-
ness, his saddles, his boots and shoes for
himself, wife, and children ? Certainly three
or four dollars more than he gets extra for his
hides. Thus, about every interest in the coun-
try has an interest in free hides ; and in a land
where barks and other tanning materials are
as cheap as they arc here, give our people free
hides and they will soon command with them
the markets of the world, and supply our own
people with boots and shoes cheaper than ever.
And that abolition of tax is demanded by one
of the greatest laboring interests in the coun-
try—the great army of the Crispins, the boot
and shoe-makers, the harness and saddlery
manufacturers, the leather dealers. Neither
the iron, cotton, nor wool manufacturer has a
greater claim upon the country, for the army
of Crispins is greater than either.
TAX OX BOOTS AND SHOES.
Have you ever calculated yourself, Mr.
Chairman, what are the taxes upon the boots
and shoes you wear? The tax on the hide is
10 per cent. ; the tax on the bark for tanning
the leather is 20 per cent. ; on the oil, 20 per
cent.; on the lumber used for lasts or boxing
the boots and shoes, 20 per cent. ; on the
thread, 40 per cent.; on the lasting and serge,
80 per cent. ; on the tools used iu making
them, 2] cents per pound. And the shoemaker
in New England pays $1 25 in gold per ton
bounty to somebody for the coal he uses to
keep him warm in his workshop while he
makes the shoes. Not even the shoemakers
of Lynn or Haverhill, Massachusetts, if they
