4008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
3? or second of three installments forseeds and agri-
cultural implements for fourteen hundred families,
at the rate of twenty-five dollars per family, as per
seventh article same treaty, $35,000.
For first of ten installments to be used by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs in the purehasc of suoh
articles asfrom time to time the condition and neces-
sities of the Indians may indicate to be proper, the
snm of ten dollars to each person who engages in
farming or mechanical pursuits, as per eighth article
of the same treaty, $14,000.
For insurance and transportation of goods, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
appropriation for the "Northern Cheyennes
and Arapahoes," from line eight hundred and
fifty-seven to line eight hundred and sixty-six,
as follows:
Forthis amount, tobeexpendedinsuch goods, pro-
visions, or other articles as tho President may from
time to time determine, including insurance and
transportation thereof, in instructing in agricultural
and mechanical pursuits, in providing employes,
educating children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance, care for and support of the aged, sick,
and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said Indians,
and in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, $60,000.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For second of thirty installments for purchase
of clothing, as per sixth article of treaty of Alay 10,
1868, 815,000.
For second of ten installments, to be expended by
the Secretary of the Interior, ten dollars for each
Indian roaming, eighteen hundred souls, in the pur-
chase of such articles as from time to time the con-
dition and necessities of the Indians mgy indicate
to bo propor, as per same treaty, $18,000.
For second of four installments as per samo treaty
to furnish said Indians flour and meat, £65,576.
For pay of physicians, teaoher, carpenter, miller,
farmer, blacksmith, and engiucer, $7,700.
For second of three installments, to be expended
in presents to tho ten persons of said tribe who in
tho judgment of tho agent, may grow the most valu-
able crops for the respective year, #500.
For insurance and transportation of goods, $0,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine hun-
dred and seven, in the appropriations for the
Omahas, to strike out "$1,300" and insert
" $300so as to make the clause read:
For third often installments for support of black-
smith shop, and supplying tools for tho same, $;'00.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
nine hundred and nine and nine hundred and
ten, in the following words:
For insurance, transportation, and cost of delivery
of annuities to the Omahas, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine hun-
dred and lifty-one, to increase theappropriation
"for support of manual-labor school" of the
Pawnees, per second article treaty September
24, 1857, from $5,000 to $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line nine hun-
dred and lifty-seven, to insert in the appropria-
tions f r the Pawnees :
For purchase of iron and steel, and otkor ncces-
saries for tho bhops, $500.
For purchase of farming-utensils and stock, $1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line eleven
hundred and eighteen, in the appropriations
for the Seuccas, to insert:
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools, iron
and steel, to bo applied as stipulated in seventh
article treaty of February 23,1867. $1,060.
J?or miller, during pleasure of the President, $600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line eleven
hundred and forty-one, in the appropriation
for the Senecas aud Shawnees, to insert:
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools iron
and steel, $1,060.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was under the head of
"Shoehoties and Bannocks," after line twelve
hundred and one, to strike out:
For this amount to be expended in such goods
provisions, and other articles, as the 3>resident may
from time to time determine, including insurance
and transportation thereof; in instructing in agri-
cultural and mechanical pursuits; in providing em-
ployes, educating children, procuring inedicinc and
medical attendance; care for and t up oor t of the aged,
sick, and infirm; for tho helpless orphans of said
Indians; and in any other respect to promote their
civilization, comfort, and improvement, $60,000.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For surveying or running the external lines of the
reservation to be set apart for the Shoshones, as per
second article of the treaty of July 3,1868, $3,600.
For erection of warehouse for. storing goods, resi-
dence for physician, agency building, five buildings
for carpenter, farmer, biacksmith, miller, and engi-
neer, (to cost not exceeding $2,000 each,) school-house
or mission building, erection of steam circular-saw
mill, with grist-mill and shingle-machine attached,
per same treaty, $27,500.
For surveying the reservation selected by Indians
for farming purposes, $2,100.
For purchase of seed to be furnished heads of fami-
lies who desire to commence farming, as per eighth
article same treaty, $10,000.
For first of thirty installments to purchase eight
hundred and thirty-three suits of clothing for males
over fourteen years of age, flannel, hose, calico, and
domestics for eighthundred and thirty-three females
over the age of twelve years, and such goods as may
be needed to make suits for eighthundred and thirty-
four boys and girls, as per ninth article same treaty,
322,779.
Bannocks:
For first of thirty installments to purchase five
hundred suits of clothing for males over fourteen
years of age, the flannel, hose, calico, and domestics
for three hundred females over the age of twelve
years, and such flannel and cotton goods as may be
needed to make suits for three hundred boys and
girls, ^10,775.
For the first often installments for the purchase of
such articles as may bo considered proper by tho
Secretary of the Interior for eighteen hundred per-
sons roaming, and six hundred persons engaged in
agriculture, $00,000.
For pay of physician, teacher, carpenter, engineer,
farmer, and blacksmith, $6,800.
For first of three installments, to be expended in
presents for tho ten persons who gro\y the most valu-
able crop«, $500.
For insurance and transportation of goods that
may be purchased for said Indians, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line twelve hundred and eighty-two to line
twelve hundred and ninety-three, in the follow-
ing words:
Sioux of Dakota and Sioux of different tribes:
For this amount, to be expended in goods, provis-
ions, and such other articles as the President may
from time to time determine, including insurance
and transportation thereof; in instructing in agri-
cultural and mechanical pursuits ; in providing cm-
ploy6s, educating children, procuring medicinc and
medieul attendance; care lor and support of the
aged, sick, and infirm; for the helpless orphans
of said Indians; and in any other respect to pro-
mote their civilization, comfort, and improvement,
$(50,000.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
^ Sioux of different tribes :
For erection of warehouso or storo-room, as per
fourth article, treaty of the 29th of April, 1863. $2,500.
lor erection of an agency building for residence
of tho agent, $3,000.
For erection of a residence for a physician, $3,000.
For erection of five buildings for a carpenter,
farmer, blacksmith, miller, and ongineer, each to
cost $2,000, $10,000.
For erection of school-house or mission building,
cj.000.
For purchase of seeds and agricultural implements
to be furnished the heads of lainilies in lodges, six
hundred, who desire to comraenco farming, as per
eighth article, treaty April 2y. 1863, 860,000.
hor first of thirty installments to purchase five
thousand suits of clothing for males over fourteen
years ol ago, the liannel, hose, calico, and domestics
required tor live thousand females over twelvcyears
of age, and tor such flannel andcotton goods a3 may
bp needed to make suits for five thousand bovs and
per tont1' article of treaty of April 29,1868,
413o,700.
For first of thirty installments to purchase such
articles as may be considered proper by the Sec-
retary of the Interior fur eleven thousand four
hundred persons roaming, and three thousand six
hundred engaged in agriculture, per same article
SjM.OJO.
J?or purehasc of five million four hundred and
seventy pounds of beet' and the same quantity of
flour, per same article, $985,500.
For purchase of one American cow and one pair
ot American oxon for each lodge or family thateom-
S1X hundred lodges, per same article,
$120,000.
For pay of one physician, five teacher?, one car-
penter, one miller, one engineer, one farmer, and
cirk°^naoksmitb' per thirteenth article, same treaty.
For first of three installments, to be expended in
presents for the ten persons who grow the most val-
$"00 ° as fourteenth articlo, same treaty,
For insurance, transportation, and the necessary
expenses of delivering goods to be purchased for the
www 1 Indians'under treaty of
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line thirteen hundred and ninety-three to line
fourteen hundred and one, the appropriation
for the Tabegaache, Muache, Capote, Weemi-
nuche, Yam pa, Grand River, and Uintah bands
of Utes, in the following words:
For this amount, to be expended in such goods, pro-
visions, or other articles as the President may from
time to time determine, including insurance and
transportation thereof; in instruetingin agricultural
and mechanical pursuits;. in providing employes,
educating children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance; care for and support of the aged, sick,
and infirm; for the helpless orphans of said Indians,
and in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement. $80,000.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For pay of two carpenters, two millers, two farm-
ers, and oneblacksmith, as per fifteenth article, treaty
March 2,1868, $9,000.
For pay of two teaohers, per same articlo. $2,000.
For the purchase of iron and steel, and the neces-
sary tools for blacksmith's shop, $220.
For second of thirty installments, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
for clothing, blankets, and such other articles as lie
may think proper and necessary, under eleventh
article of same treaty, $30,000.
For annual amount, to be expended under tho
direction of the Secretary of the Interior in supply-
ing said Indians with beef, mutton, wheat, flour,
beans, and potatoes, as per twelfth article, same
treaty, S30.000.
For insurance and transportation of goods as may
bo purchased for said Iudians, $10,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill having been proceeded
with to line fourteen hundred and seventy-four,
on page 00,
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WARNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there a night session
ordered ?
Mr. WARNER. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At half past four o'clock tho doors
were reopened, and the Senate took a recess
until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
FREEHOLD LAND AND EMIGRATION COMPANY.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask unanimous consent to
take up Senate bill No. 644. I am about to
leave the Senate for ten days or a fortnight,
and this is^ a little bill that came from the Com-
mittee on Territories, was considered when we
were passing through the Calendar a week or
two ago, and the committee's amendments
adopted, so that I believe it will take onlyafew
minutes to dispose of it.
Mr; EDMUNDS. I am sorry to be obliged
to object. To-morrow is the day when we take
up the Calendar in its regular order and con-
sider the unobjected cases, which will include
this bill no doubt. I have a great number of
pension bills that I should be glad to call up
every night; but if we are ever to do anything
this session we must do it by sticking to one
thing at a time. I regret extremely to put my
friend off until to-morrow.
Mr. CRAGIN. I did not understand that
to-morrow was to be devoted to such bills.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly ; there is a spe-
cial order adopted by the Senate that every
Friday we shall take up the Calendar of unob-
jected cases and proceed to dispose of them.
Mr. CRAGIN. On Friday evening.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir, every Friday;
and 1 intend for one to* insist against appro-
priation bills, and everything else to morrow,
that that order shall be honestly and squarely
carried out.
Mr. 1HAYER. The Senator will remem-
ber that that same order requires that three
evenings of each week shall be devoted to the
Calendar of general orders, and yet we do not
do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir ; the oraer re-
