1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3065
Mr. TRUMBULL. As that l j!l will take
some considerable time we shall n&rdly be
able to get through with it this evening. I ask
unanimous consent that we proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. Itr being understood that
this is the pending business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois asks unanimous consent that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. SUMNER. The Secretary will con-
tinue the reading of this bill to-morrow where
he leaves off.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, on page
86, the reading being abouttwo thirds through.
The Chair hears no objection to the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Illinois. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will clear the galleries and close
the doors.
After some time spent in the consideration of
executive business the doors were reopened,
and th% Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 28, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ALLTSON. I call for the regular order.
Mr. POLITER. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for action at this time a bill for the
removal of political disabilities from Isaac H.
Christian, of Charles City county, Virginia.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has Mr. Christian made
application for the removal of his political dis-
abilities?
Mr. PORTER. He has; and if the House
will give me a few moments of time I will
explain the necessity for the passage of this
bill at this time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
darrell vs. bailey louisiana.
Mr. STEVENSON, from the Committee of
Elections, submitted a report upon the coft-
tested-election case of C. B; Dnrrell vs. Adolph
Bailey, from the third congressional district of
the State of Louisiana, accompanied by the
following resolutions:
Itaolved, That Adolph Bailer ii not entitled to a
sent as Representative in the Forty'First Cungress
from the third district of Louisiana.
Itemhed, That C. B. Darrall ia entitled to a Mat as
Representative in the Forty-First Congress from the
third district of Louisiana.
The report and resolutions were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 will call up this case
as soon as the condition of the public business
will justify it.
Mr. KERR. I ask permission to submit a
minority report in this case.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. McGREVV. I insist npon the regular
order. If leave is refused to one member to
introduce business out of the general order it
should be refused to all.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour will now begin,
at seventeen minutes past twelve o'clock.
Mr. PAINE. When the House adjourned
yesterday the pending question was npon sec-
onding the previous question upon a motion to
limit debate in Committee of the Whole on the
tariff bill.
The SPEAKER. The mere fact of calling
the previous question gives a question no higher
rank, until the previous question is seconded
and the main question ordered. Ia regard to
the tariff bill, that bill having been made a
special order after the morning hour* the
pending question at the adjournment of the
Houseyesterday will come up immediately after
the morning hour of to-day.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am recorded on the
Journal as having been absentat the beginning
of the session yesterday, when the motion was
made for a call of the House. I was present,
and voted in the affirmative. I ask that the
Journal may be corrected accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be
made.
DEPARTMENT Or JUSTICE.
The Honse then resumed the consideration
of a bill (H. R. No. 1328) to establish a depart-
ment of justice.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I yield to the gentle-
man from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jevokes,] who
desires to move some amendments to the bill.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend section
three by inserting the word "naval" before
the words " Judge Advocate General."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to amend sec-
tion fourteen by inserting after the words "ne-
cessary to enable the President and heads ot
Executive Departments" the words "andthe
heads of bureaus and other officers in such
Departments."
Mr. JENCKES. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I would suggest the
propriety of amending the third section of this
bill by inserting after the words "the naval
solicitor and naval Judge Advocate General"
the words "who shall hereafter be known as
naval solicitor."
Mr. JENCKES. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand the gentle-
man to say that by this bill the law officers now
in the Treasury Department are transferred to
the neW department. Are they under the con-
trol of the Secretary of the Treasury in any
way, or are they uhder the control of the head
6f the new department ?
Mr. JENCKES. They are subordinate to
the Attorney General.
Mr. ALLISON. It seems to me they ought
in some way to be responsible to the Secretary
of the Treasury, for they are constantly re-
quired to be in communication with that officer.
Mr. JENCKES. Under this bill they have
no necessary connection with the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On that point I
would like to ask a question. When there
arises a question as to a payment out of the
Treasury, or the settlement of an account or
claim, the Secretary of the Treasury may need
at once a responsible law officer to come at his
•order and examine a question of that kind.
Now, I want to know whether undet this bill
the Secretary of the Treasury will be eom-
pelled to rely on the Attorney General todetail
an officer for such a purpose, or cart be directly,
as he now does call npon an officer, as he now
calls upon the solicitor of the Treasury, to take
up the specific business ?
Mr. JENCKES. He can call upon the offi-
cer directly. That matter has been considered;
and this bill does not disturb tbe existing rela-
tions in that particular.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am glad that
Buch is the fact.
Mr. SCOBTELD. I wish to pnt ah in quiry
to the gentleman having this bill in charge.
If one of the heads of Departments propounds
an interrogatory to these law officers through
the Attorney General and gets an answer,-is
he bound by the answer, or may he afterward
go on and do as he pleases?
Mh JENCKES. That folly explained
yesterday. The heads of Departments may act
on their own discretion ; but when they take
advice we want to know what that advice is, so
that the law department of the Government
shall not be giving different advice to different
heads of Departments or different bureaus.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. The bill only takes care,
then, that these officers shall be well informed
on legal questions; and if afterward they
choose to go wrong they are responsible.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And the decis-
ions of the law officers are to be recorded in a
single office.
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir. I now insist on
, the demand for the previous qoestion.
1 The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
| Mr. JENCKES. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] that he may
finish his remarks.
Mr. LAWRENCE . Mr. Speaker, when the
morning hour closed yesterday I had not quite
finished the remarks which I designed to sub-
mit to the Honse on this bill. ' I had endeav-
ored to establish two propositions: first, that
; this bill is necessary to secure uniformity in
the legal opinions given to the President, the
heads of Departments, the heads of bureaus,
and other officers of the Government for the
/ guidance of their official action ; and secondly,
!i that the bill is important in order to save the
|! unnecessary expenditure of more than one
'i hundred thousand dollars annually for extra-
jl official fees to counsel. I think the facts sub-
|| initted to the House by the gentleman from
ij Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes,] and those
l| which I had the honor also to present, suffi-
ji ciently prove these propositions. Upon the
! first point, however—the necessity of securing
uniformity in the advice given to the officers of
the Government—I propose to submit a few
additional remarks.
We all understand that it is the duty of the
President to advise Congress by message as to
the measures which he deems necessary for
the public good. We also understand that by
usage there are certain officers-of the Govern-
ment, heads of Departments, who are members
of what is called by common usage "the Cab-
inet." I am well aware that there if no law
which organizes the Cabinet; but almost from
the foundation of the Government the Presi-
ij dent has been in tbe habit Of calling a council
i1 of the heads of Departments and taking their
advice upon all important public matters; and
these officers acting in that capacity are in
!. common parlance called "the Cabinet." Now,
;! the Attorney General is one of the officers who,
in accordance with this usage, has been con-
sulted by the President. The President takes
I the opinion of these heads of Departments; yet,
as the law now stands, it is perfectly apparent
\ that the law officers of the several Departments
may advise the heads of the Departments in
| one way upon subjects of public importance
affecting their Departments, and the Attorney
General may advise the President and the Cab-
inet, when they are assembled, in a totally dif-
I ferent way npon the same subject.
Now, I submit to the House that'it is utterly
impossible that the President can intelligently
advise Congress or act without embarrassment
on affairs relating to onr international rights,
obligations, and duties when there is a law
officer in the State Department, as now, advis-
ing the head of that Department in one way
■while the Attorney General may be advising
the President in a different way. And thus
our rights in relation to foreign nations, our
duties to them, are controlled, or are liable to
be controlled, by different and conflicting coun-
sels. We have an officer called an examiner
of claims, the law officer of the State Depart-
ment, advising the Secretary of State in mat-
ters affecting our foreign relations, our duties
and obligations, while the President and Cab-
.! inet are receiving advice from the Attorney
II General.
i! Then thesamedifficulty, as thelaw now stands,
