1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1177
I regret to see reconstruction stand upon the
flimsy foundation of fundamental conditions
that can be repealed by the next Congress;
fundamental conditions that are simply aggra-
vating, that accomplish no good result; funda-
mental conditions that do not execute them-
selves ; acts of Congress that have no practical
application to any subject, that are of no prac-
tical use. I believe the time has come to dis-
card them.
Now, I believe it is our duty here to try to
have some practical legislation. We have had
a great deal of discussion from time to time
on abstractions. We ought to have some prac-
tical legislation, and we have had some. The
great cardinal features of our legislation and
of our constitutional amendments on this great
subject of reconstruction are the thirteenth,
fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments, the re-
construction act of 1867, and the civil-rights bill
of 1806. Those are the great practical meas-
ures whereby we have secured good results.
Now, the civil-rights bill has machinery that
you can apply to political rights with great
facility, and it will protect the people for whom
it was intended. I think we should devote
ourselves to that object.
Mr. President, not long since the Senator
from Massachusetts took occasion to complain
of the Senator from Illinois for his course
here. I do not undertake to commend or
criticise the course of any Senator; but I do
undertake to say that the civil-rights bill, drawn
by the Senator from Illinois, and pressed to a
successful conclusion by him, is the most effect-
ive machinery we now have or shall have in
the South. The machinery there provided for ;
the courts with their commissioners, with their
marshals, with their power to call in the mili-
tary to enforce the civil and political rights of
ail men throughout the country—that bill, with
its machinery, will stand as a monument to the
author so long as the history of reconstruction
shall remain.
Let me say further, as a controversy arose
with regard to the reconstruction measure of
18(37, that it may be important for those who
are to write biographies to know the facts with
regard to the history of that great measure. I
observed and watched its every step from its
infancy till it culminated in law. I know of
what I speak from my personal observation.
During the discussion of the Virginia bill I
rose to correct the Senator from Massachu-
setts in a matter of history, but was not allowed
to proceed on account of an agreement to take
a vote on the Virginia bill at four o'clock.
On examining the questions which arose out
of the reference which was made by the Sen-
ators from Illinois and Massachusetts to House
bill No. 1143, Thirty-Ninth Congress, second
session, known as the original reconstruction
act, I find the pages in the Globe fearfully
misplaced, and hope the Committee on Print-
ing will take immediate steps to have a rea-
sonable number of copies corrected for the use
of the Senate.
In this connection it may be well for me to
make the correction of the statement of the
Senator from Massachusetts which I proposed
to do then. According to the Globe of Satur-
day, January 22, 1870, the Senator from Mas- j
fachusetts [Mr. Sumner] used the following
language, alluding to the Senator from Illinois, j
[Mr. Trumbull:]
"But the Senator dwelt especially on the first
act of reconstruction known as ' the act to provide
lor the more efficient government of the rebel States,'
ana charges that I did notvote for it. This assault
to-day compels me to make a statement now which
i never supposed I should be called on to make. I
make it now with hesitation, but rather to show his
course than my own. Sir, I am the author of the
Provision in that act conferring suffrage."
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator be good
enough to read the rest?
Mr. STEWART. I have it not before me.
J he Senator can read it whenever he chooses.
Mr. SUMNER. Because I go on to say
how and why. The Senator should not garble
what I said.
Mr. STEWART. I do not garble. I quote
the language correctly.
Mr, SUMNER. The Senator quotes apart;
he does not quote all.
Mr. STEWART. I am not bound to read
the entire speech of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I adhere to the truth so far as I go,
and that is quite sufficient for a Senator upon
this floor, it is quite enough for him Co make
his own argument; and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, if he observes that rule, will find
that he has quite enough to do. I propose to
prove by the record that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts was not the author of the provision
in the reconstruction act of 1867 conferring
suffrage on the colored man.
On the 12th day of February, 1867, while
! the bill to place the southern States under
i military government was pending in the House
ofRepresentatives, Mr. Bingiiam, of Ohio, pro-
posed the following amendment:
" Src. —. And be it further enacted, That when the
constitutional amendment proposed as article four-
teen by the Thirty-Ninth Congressshallhavebecome
a part of the Constitution of the United States; and
when any one of the late so-called confederate
States shall have given its assent to the same and
conformed its constitution and laws thereto in all re-
spects ; and when it shall have provided by its con-
stitution that the elective franchise shall be enjoyed
equally and impartially by all male citizens of the
United States twenty-one years old and upward,
without regard to race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, except such as maybe disfranchised for
participating in the late rebellion or for felony at
common law; and when said constitution shall nave
been submitted to the voters of said State, as thus
defined, for ratification or rejection; and when the
constitution, if ratified by the popular vote, shall
have been submitted to Congress for examination
and approval, said State shall, if its constitution be
approved by Congress, bo declared entitled to rep-
resentation in Congress, and Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall be admitted therefrom on their
taking the oath prescribed by law."— Globe o/18GG-67,
part 2, page 1211.
Here is where that provision conferring suf-
frage on the colored man in the South first
appeared in public.
j Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
! to introduce at this stage precisely what I did
| say ? I do not wish to interrupt the Senator,
j but I have it now before me, and if he has no
j objection I will read it, and then his comments
j may be addressed precisely to what I did say.
Mr. STEWART. I prefer to goon without
interruption. I have not yielded to the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator objects I
shall not interpose ; but he, according to the
report, takes part of the sentence and not the
whole. Shall I read the whole, with the Sen-
ator's permission?
Mr. STEWART. You may read the whole
sentence, but not the whole speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) Does the Senator from Nevada yield
to the Senator from Massachusetts ?
Mr. STEWART. To read that sentence ;
not the whole speech.
Mr. SUMNER. What I said was:
" This assault to-day compels me to make a state-
ment now which I never supposed I should be called
to make. I make it now with hesitation, but rather
to show his course than my own. Sir, I am the au-
thor of the provision in that act conferring suffrage;
and when X brought it forward the Senator from
Illinois was one of my opponents; then as now.
Senators who were here at that time remember well
that this whole subject was practically taken for the
time from the jurisdiction of the Senate into a caucus
of the Republican party, where a committee was
created to whom all pending measures of reconstruc-
tion were referred. I had tho honor of being a mem-
ber of that committee. So was the Senator from
Illinois. So was my friend from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard.] Tho Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
was our chairman. In that committee tbts recon-
struction bill was debated and matured sentence by
sentence, word for word; and then and there in that
committee I moved that we should require tho suf-
frage of all persons without distinction of color in
the organization of new governments and in all the
constitutions to be made."
Mr. STEWART. I do not yield to the
Senator for the purpose of reading his entire
speech. I do not want it printed as part of
mine. I quoted the Senator correctly, except
so far as to omit his attack upon the Senator
from Illinois, and I did not believe that mate-
rial to the issue. The Senator said he was the
author of that provision. I am going to trace
that provision and give credit where credit is
due. I am familiar with the subject of which
I speak. I know the history of that bill. The
portion which I have read will be found in the
Globe of 1806—67, part 2, page 1211.
I have read Mr. Bingham's amendment con-
taining the requirement, tVe basis of the whole
reconstruction structure. It was enlarged after-
wards, other provisions were put on to it; but
that particular provision requiring suffrage
appeared in the House of Representatives on
the 12th day of February, 1867. I called on
Mr. Bingham, and inquired of him if it was
furnished by the Senator from Massachusetts,
and he said it was not. Previous to this I
had some knowledge of what was occurring,
Mr. Bingham was telling me, day by day, of
his efforts to get the Committee ou Recon-
struction, of which he was a member, to adopt
it. I knew something of its history long before
it was brought in. On the same day that Mr.
Bingham ottered his proposition, Mr. Blaine
offered a similar amendment, which was ac-
cepted by Mr. Bingham as a substitute for his
own.
The amendment offered by Mr. Blaine is in
the following language:
" Sec.—. And beitfurther enacted, That when tho
constitutional amendment proposed as article four-
teen by the Thirty-Ninth Congress shall havo
become a part of the Constitution of tho United
States; and when any one of the late so-called con-
federate States shall have given its assent to tho
sameand conformed its constitution and laws thereto
in all respects; and when it shall have provided by
its constitution that the elective franchise shall be
enjoyed by all male citizens of the United States
twenty-one years old and upward, without regard
to race, color, or previous condition of servitude,
except such as may bo disfranchised for participat-
ing in the late rebellion or for felony at common
law; and when said constitution shall have been
submitted to the voters of said State, as thus
defined, for ratification or rejection; and when the
constitution, if ratified by the vote of the people of
said State, shall have been submitted to Congress
for examination and approval, said State shall, if
its constitution be approved by Congress, be declared
entitled to representation in Congress, and Senators
and Representatives shall be admitted therefrom on
their taking the oath prescribed by law, and then
and thereafter the preceding sections of this bill
shall be inoperative in said Stato."—Globe, 1866-G7,
part 2, page 1213.
The only difference with respect to suffrage
was in leaving out the word "impartial " and
providing for manhood suffrage. Mr. Bing-
ham accepted Mr. Blaine's amendment as a
substitute. Mr. Blaine moved to recommit the
bill to the Judiciary Committee, with instruc-
tions to report it back immediately with his
amendment. The yeas and nays being taken,
there were 69 for and 94 against it, the Dem-
ocrats voting with the majority; so the
amendment was lost, and the military bill
came to the Senate without any provision for
reconstruction. I cut from the Globe the
Blaine amendment, as it was then called, and
handed it to the Senator from Maine, Mr.
Fessenden, chairman of the Reconstruction
Committee, and suggested that it be made a
part of the bill. After a moment's consultation
between that Senator and the Senator from
Oregon who had charge of the bill, Mr. Wil-
liams gave notice that he would offer it as an
amendment at the proper time. But when the
bill was called for consideration the Senator
from Oregon, not on account of any objection
to the amendment, but fearing, as he expressed
himself, that any amendment whatever wduld
defeat the bill for that session, declined to offer
it, and gave the following explanation :
" I gave notice last night, at the suggestion of
some members of tho Senate, that I should proposo
an amendment to this bill; but as I am impressed
with the necessity of its passage at this session, and
havo consulted with persons who know and adviso
mo that any amendment to the bill will endanger
if not absolutely defeat its passage, I haveconcluded
not to present the amendment which I intended
to propose, and I deem it my duty under the cir-
cumstances to oppose all amendments to this bill,
because I think it is necessary that this bill should
Sass."—Congressional Globe, second session Thirty-
inth Congress, February 15, 1S67.
I then tried to get the floor, but it was awarded
to Mr. Johnson, Senator from Maryland, who
