1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4953
The joint resolution was read. It recites in
the preamble that the tenth section of the act
passed July 26,1866, entitled "An act granting
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of a southern .branch of the Union
Pacific railway and telegraph from Fort Riley,
Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas," was incor-
rectly enrolled by the omission of the words
'' of the President" after the word " approval"
in said section, as appears in the engrossed
copy in the recordsofthe Senate. Thejoint res-
olution, therefore, provides that said section
be correctly enrolled by adding the words " of
the President" after the word "approval."
Mr. FITCH. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
bill will resume its place on the Speaker's
table.
umatilla reservation, oregon.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 116) instructing
the President to negotiate with the Indians
upon the Umatilla reservation, in Oregon.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from New
York will not object to that when he under-
stands it.
The joint resolution was passed over..
importation of persons.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 251) to repeal an act entitled
"An act to prevent the importation of cer-
tain persons into certain States where by the
laws thereof their admission is prohibited,"
approved February 28, 1863.
The bill was read.
Mr. MAYNARD. That had belter be re-
ferred to a committee.
The SPEAKER. Bills and joint resolutions
only were to be taken up to the passage of
which no objection was made. Objection be-
ing made, the bill will be passed over.
oath of office.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 218) prescribing an oath of office
to be taken by persons who participated in the
late rebellion, but who are not disqualified
from holding office by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to have that bill
referred, and I object.
The bill was passed over.
records of united states courts.
Thenextbusiness on the Speaker'stable was
a bill (S. No. 141) relating to records of the
courts of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. That ought to be referred
to tbeCommittee on the Judiciary, and 1 object.
The bill was passed over.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary,notifying the House
that that body had passed joint resolutions of
the following titles, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 139) to enable
the Court of Claims to hear and determine the
claim of J. George Harris, paymaster United
States Navy ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 234) referring
to the Court of Claims claims against the
United States for the loss of the schooner
William Carlton.
foreign trade-marks.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 205) to prevent the counterfeiting
of foreign trade-marks protected by treaty
stipulations.
Mr. PAINE. I object.
The bill was passed over.
fort ridgbly military reservation.
The next, business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 351) for the disposal of the lands
within the Fort Ridgely military reservation,
Minnesota: . .
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. That is.-ree-
ommended by the Committee on the Public
Lands in this House.
Mr. PAINE. I object.
The bill was passed over.
national cemeteries.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
a bill (S. No. 474) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish and to protect national
cemeteries."
There being no objection, the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time. It pro-
vides that from the lime any State Legislature
shall have given, or shall hereafter give the
consent of such State to the purchase by the
United States of any national cemetery men-
tioned in the act entitled " An act to establish
and protect national cemeteries," approved
February 22, 1867, the jurisdiction and power
of legislation of the United States over such
cemetery shall in all courts and places be held
to be the same as is granted by section eight,
article one, of the Constitution of the United
States; and all the provisions of the act of
February 22, 1807, are to be applicable to the
same. The second section makes it the duty
of the Secretary of War to cause copies of the
present act to be sent to the Governors of all
such States wherein any of such national cem-
eteries may bo situated, to the end that the
Legislatures of such States may give the con-
sent therein mentioned.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
kansas railroad grants.
The next business on the Speaker's tabic was
a bill (S. No. 445) to amend an act entitled
" An act for a grant of lands to the State of
Kansas in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads and telegraphs in
said State."
Mr. WELKER. I object.
trade on northern frontiers.
The next, business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 613) to regulate the foreign and
coasting trade on the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern frontiers of the United States,
and for other purposes.
Mr. CONGER. The Committee on Com-
merce had a similar bill before them, and rec-
ommended its passage.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to debate.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentlsman will
not object-
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will not object if
it docs not give rise to debate.
The SPEAKER. It can give rise to no
debate.
The bill was then read. The first section
provides that the master of every vessel en-
rolled or licensed to engage in the foreign and
coasting trade on the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern frontiers of the United States
shall, before the departure of his vessel from
a port in one collection district to a port in
another collection district, present to the col-
lector at the port of departure duplicate mani-
fests of his cargo, or, if he have no cargo,
duplicate manifests setting forth thatfact, which
manifests shall be subscribed and sworn or
affirmed to by the master before the collector,
who shall indorse thereon his certificate of
clearance, retaining one for the files of his
office; the other he shall deliver for the use of
the master. And in case such vessel shall touch
at any intermediate port in the United States,
and there discharge cargo taken on board at
an American port, or at such intermediate
ports shall take on board cargo destined for
an American port, the master of such vessel
shall not be required to report such lading or
unlading at such intermediate ports, but shall
enter the same on his manifest obtained at the
original port of departure, which he shall de-
liver to the collector of the port at which the
unlading of the cargo is completed, within
twenty-four hours after arrival, and shall sub-
scribe and make Oath (or affirm) as to the truth
and correctness of the same. And the master
of. such vessel shall, before departing from a
port in one collection' district to a place in
another collection district where there is no
custom-house, file his manifest and obtain a
clearance in manner aforesaid, and'make oath
or affirmation to the manifest aforesaid, which
manifest and clearance shall be delivered to
the proper officer of customs at the port at
which said vessel next arrives after leaving the
place of destination specified in said clearance,
provided that the master of any vessel with
cargo, passengers, or baggage from any for-
eign port or place shall obtain a permit and
comply with existing laws before discharging
or landing the same; and provided further
that nothing in this section contained shall
exempt masters of vessels from reporting, as
now required by law, any goods, wares, or
merchandise destined for any foreign port;
and it is further provided that no permit shall
be required for the unlading of cargo brought
from an American port.
The second section provides that the master
of any vessel enrolled or licensed as aforesaid,
destined with cargo from a place in the United
States at which there maybe no custom-house
to a port where there may be a custom-house,
shall, within twenty-four hours after arrival at
the port of destination, deliver to the proper
officer of the customs a manifest, subscribed by
liim, setting forth the cargo laden at the place
of departure, or laden or unladen at any inter-
mediate port or place, to the truth of which
manifest he shall make oath or affirm before
such officer; provided, that if said vessel have
no cargo the master shall not be required to
deliver such manifest.
The third section provides that steam-tugs
dully enrolled and licensed to engage in the
foreign and coasting trade on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of
the United States, when exclusively employed
in towing vessels, shall not be required to re-
port and clear at the custom-house; provided,
that when said steam-tugs shall be employed
in towing rafts or other vessels without sail or
steam motive-power, not required to be enrolled
or licensed under existing laws, they shall he
required to report and clear in the same man-
ner as hereinbefore provided in similar caises
for other vessels.
The fourth section provides that the mani-
fests, certificates Of clearance, oaths or affirm-
ations provided for by this act, shali.be in such
form, and prepared, filled up, and executedift
such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury
may, from time to time, prescribe.
The fifth section provides that if the master
of any enrolled or licensed vessel as aforesaid
shall neglect or fail to comply with any ofthe
provisions or requirements of the foregoing
sections of this act, such master shall forfeit
and pay to the United States the sum of twenty
dollars for each and every failure or neglect,
and for which sum the vessel shall be liable,
and may be summarily proceeded against by
way of libel in any district court of the United
States.
The sixth section provides that in case the
master or owner of any vessel shall willfully
and falsely swear or affirm to any of the mat-
ters or facts herein required to be sworn or
affirmed to, said master or owner shall be
deemed to be guilty of perjury, and shall be
liable to all the fines and penalties imposed by
existing laws punishing such offenses.
The seventh section provides that from and
after the passage of this act the following fees
shall be levied and collected from the owners
and masters of vessels enrolled or licensed on
the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers of the United States, and none other
