4954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June. 29,
shall be received than those herein specially
enumerated:
l^or the admcasuremont of any vessel the fees
proscribed by section — of an act entitled "An
act approved May 6,1864:
I'or certificate of enrollment, including bond and
oath, $110..
For granting license, including bond aud oath, if
not over twenty tons, forty-five cents.
For granting license, including bond and oath,
above twenty and not over one hundred tons, sev-
enty cents.
]£or granting license, including bond and oath,
above one hundred tons, $1 20.
For certifying manifest, including master's oath,
and granting permit for vessel to go from district to
district, under fifty tons, twenty-five conts.
For certifying manifest, including master's oath,
and granting permit for vessel to go from district to
district, over fifty tons, fifty cents.
For receiving manifest, including master's oath,
on arrival of a vessel from one collection district to
another, whether touching at foreign intermediate
ports or not, under fifty tons, twenty-five cents.
For receiving manifest, including master's oath,
on arrival of a vessel from one collection district to
another, whether touching at foreign intermediate
ports or not, over fifty tons, fifty cents.
For certifying a manifest, including master's oath,
and granting permit to a vessel under fifty tons,
laden with a cargo destined for a port or place in
another district at which there is no custom-house,
twenty-five cents.
For certifying a manifest, including master's oath,
and granting permit to a vessel above fifty tons,
laden with a cargo destined for a port or place in
another district at which there is no custom-housc,
fifty cents.
For the entry of a vessel of fifty tons or under,
direct from a foreign port, $1 50.
For the entry of a vessel above fifty tons, direct
from a foreign port, $2 50.
For the clearance of a vessel of fifty tons or under,
direct to a foreign port, §1 50.
For the clearance of a vessel above fifty tons direct,
to a foreign port, $2 50: Provided, That vessels de-
parting to or arriving from a port in one district to
or from a port m an adjoining district, and touching
at intermediate foreign ports, are exempted from
the payment of the entry fees.
I^or a post entry of such vessel, two dollars.
i'or permit to laud or deliver goods, twenty conts.
For a bond taken officially, not otherwise provided
for, forty cents'.
For permit to load goods for exportation entitled
to drawback, thirty cents.
For debenturoor other official certificate not other-
wise provided for, twenty cents.
For recording aU bills of sale, mortgages, hypo-
thecations,or conveyances of vessels, fifty cents.
For recording all certificates for discharging and
canceling any such conveyances, fifty cents.
For furnishing a certificate setting forth the names
of the owners of any registered or enrolled vessel,
the parts or proportions owned by each; and also
the material facts of any existing bill of sale, mort-
gage, hypothecation, or oth^r incumbrance; the
date, amount of such incumbrance, and from and to
whom made, one dollar.
For furnishing copies of such records for each bill
of salo, mortgage, or other conveyance, fifty cents.
For receiving manifest of each railroad car or
other vehicle laden with goods, wares, or merchan-
dise, from a foreign contiguous territory, twenty-
five cents.
For entry of goods, wares, or merchandise, for con-
sumption—warehouse, rewurehousc, transportation,
or exportation, including oath and permit to land
or deliver, fifty cents.
* For certificate of registry, including bond and
oath, $2 25.
For indorsement of change of masters on regis-
try, one dollar.
The eighth section provides that all acts or
parts of acts conflicting with this act are hereby
repealed.
The ninth section provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall have authority to
ascertain the facts upon all applications for
remission of fines or penalties incurred under
the provisions of this act, where the amount
in question does not exceed §1,000, in such
manner and under such regulations as he may
4eem proper; and he may thereupon remit or
mitigate such flues or penalties, if in his opin-
ion the same shall have been incurred without
willful negligence or intention of fraud in the
person or persons incurring the same ; and all
fines and penalties imposed or recovered by
this act shall, after deducting proper costs and
charges, be disposed of as provided by section
ninety-one, act of March '2, 1799.
No objection being made, the bill was ac-
cordingly taken up, read a first, second, and
third time, and passed.
land grants to alabama.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 140, to renew certain grants
of land to the State of Alabama. ■
Mr. AMBLER objected to the consideration
of the bill, and it resumed its place oil the
Speaker's table.
message fiiom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gokiiam,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. II. No. 2111) to amend an act
entitled "An act amendatory of the organic
law of Colorado Territory, and for other pur-
poses," approved May 4, 1870; and
A bill (H. II. No. 2348) granting the right
of way to the Carthage, Watertown, and Sack-
ett's Harbor Itailroad Company.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill, iu which the concurrence
of the House was requested, of the following
title:
A hill (S. No. 047) to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the
construction of its road, aud for other pur-
poses.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a concurrent resolution, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested, providing for printing twenty thou-
sand copies of the act entitled "An act to
enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes," approved
May ;i3, 1870.
land grants to nevada.
The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
a hill (S. No. 325) amendatory of an aet entitled
"An act to further provide for giving effect to
the various grants of public lands to the Stale
of Nevada," approved Juno 8, 18G8.
Mr. AMBLER. 1 object to the bill.
solomon k bowles.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 55'J) for the relief of Solomon
E. Bowles.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Com-
missioner of Patents to hear and determine the
application of Solomon K. Bowles for an ex-
tension of his letters-patent, granted the 10th
of April, 1855, for a machine for raising and
transporting stores, upon evidence in the same
manner and with the same effect as if the said
application had been made within the time
prescribed by law; provided that in ease said
extension shall be granted, no person shall
be held liable for damages for infringements
thereof between the date of the expiration of
the original patent and the dale of such exten-
sion.
Mr. BENJAMIN objected to the bill, and
it resumed its place on the Speaker's table.
geoiigk d. roberts.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 525) to enable George D. Roberts,
of Alameda county, California, to import cer-
tain machinery free of duty.
The bill, which was read, provides that
George D. Roberts, of Alameda county, State
of California, shall have the right to import,
free of duty, one of R. E. Thompson's steam-
wagons or traction engines, with Fowler's
gang-plow attached to the same.
Mr. NEGLEY objected, and the bill was
returned to the Speaker's table.
second north carolina. mounted infantry.
The next business onthe Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 520) to amend an act entitled
"An act to remove the charge of desertion
from certain soldiers of the second North Car-
olina mounted infantry," approved March 20,
1869.
The bill, which was read, provides that an
act entitled "An act to remove the charge of
desertion from certain soldiers of the second
North Carolina mounted infantry," approved I
March 26, 1869, shall be amended so as to in-
clude ihe following-named soldiers of the sec-
ond North Carolina mounted infantry:
Company A, George TV. Biggs; Company C, John
Brooks, lliram B. Riddle; Company D, Henry H.
Cook, William D. Sexton; Company B, George W.
Hensiy, William Loomy, James Holland, Qeoree
Norton, Armstrong Harris; Company l'\ John L.
Swaynogamo, James Tj. Sentell, John E. Sentell,
Thomas M. Stewart. William P. Kilpatrick, James
L. Evans, William W. Hamlin, Robert 3?. Orr, John
Kelly; Company H, Merritt 11. Heatherly, Robert
D. Walker, Lynch Young.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, read a first, second, and third time, and
passed.
customs officers in north carolina.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. No. 133) concerning the
pay of customs officers in North Carolina.
The bill, which was read, provides for amend-
ing the act of the 25tli of February, 1867, en-
titled " An act relative to collection districts
in North Carolina" by inserting the words
" and commissions " after the word "fees,"
in the last clause, before the proviso, in the first
section.
_ There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was read a first, second, and third time,
and passed.
land grants to wisconsin.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 72) granting lands to the State
of Wisconsin to aid in the construction of the
Green Bay and Lake Pepin railway.
Mr. DICKEY objected to the bill; and it
was returned to tl e Speaker's table.
salt lakh city.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 509) for the relief of the inhabit-
ants of Salt Lake City, iu the Territory of Utah.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
words " not exceeding five thousand in all," con-
tained in an act entitled "An act for the relief
of the inhabitants of cities and towns upon
the public lands," approved March 2, 1867,
shall npt apply to Salt Lake City, in the Terri-
tory of Utah ; but said act shall be so amended
and construed in its application to said city,
that lands may be entered as provided in said
act, for the All number of inhabitants con-
tained in said city not exceeding fifteen thou-
sand ; and as the said city covers school section
No. 8G, in township No. 1, north of range No. 1
west, the same may be embraced in such entry,
and indemnity shall be given therefor when a
grant shall be made by Congress of sections six-
teen and thirty-six, in the Territory of Utah,
for school purposes.
Mr. CULLOM objected; and the bill was
returned to the Speaker's table.
protection 01' seamen.
Ihe next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 502) to authorize the appoint-
ment of shipping commissioners by the judges
of the several districts of the United States, to
superintend the shipping and discharge of sea-
men engaged in merchant ships belonging to the
United States, and for the further protection
of seamen.
Mr. WOODv I object to that bill.
Ihe SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill will resume its place upon the Speaker's
table.
useless .military reservations.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
the bill (S. No. 509) to provide for the disposi-
tion of useless military reservations.
Mr. McGREW, ^ I object to the passage of
that bill. I think it ought to be referred.
STOCKHRIDG8 AXD 3ICNSEE INDIANS.
T he next business 011 the Speaker's table was
the bill (h. No. 610) for the relief of the Stock-
au(^ ^unsee tribe oflndiaos, in the State
or Wisconsin.
i SHA.NKS. I object to the passage of
this bill, Q
