2122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
this whole system of bringing up individual
cases and increasing a pension upon them 13
wrong in principle. We ought to have a gen-
eral law under which extraordinary cases, like
this of General Paul and the private soldier
to whom X have referred, can be provided for.
I object to the consideration of the bill.
The. VICE PRESIDENT. Then-it will be
placed on the Calendar.
MRS. FANNIE KELLY.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask unanimous
consent to consider Senate bill No. 666, to
compensate Mrs. Fannie Kelly for important
services. It will take but a moment.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read at length for information.
'J'he Secretary read the bill, which provides
for the payment to Mrs. Fannie Kelly of $5,000,
lor valuable services rendered the Government
in 1864, bygivinginformationto Captain James
L. Fisk, in charge of a train crossing the plains,
and to Major House, in command of E'ort
Sully, of the evil designs of hostile Sioux In-
dians while she was held in captivity by them,
which sum shall be taken from any appropria-
tion which may be hereafter made for the ben-
efit of those Indians.
Mr. McCREERY. I object to its present
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot be considered.
Mr. McCREERY subsequently said : At I,lie
application of tlie Senator from Kansas [Mr.
Ross] I withdraw the objection I made to the
consideration of the Senate bill No. 066.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further objection the bill (S. No. 666) t" com-
pensate Mrs. Fannie Kelly for important ser-
vices, is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. CAMERON. I think that had better
be laid over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over.
Mr. CAMERON subsequently said: I rise
to withdraw my objection to the bill called up
by the Senator from Connecticut.
There being no further objection, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 066) to compensate
Mrs. Fannie Kelly for important services.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time^;and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 093) in behalf of inventors and their legal
representatives; which was read twice by its
title,' referred to the Committee on Patents,
and ordered to be printed...
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 004) to incorporate the American Union
Academy of Literature, Science, and Art;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
695) to extend the provisions of law in relation
to the selection of swamplands in the State of
Missouri; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed. .
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
690) for the relief of John A. Sutter ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. C97) to incorporate Spears's Air Motor
National Company; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No, 098)
to divide the State of Virginia into two judicial
districts; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 163) for the relief of certain
officers of the Navy; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 164) to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to collect wrecked
and abandoned property, derelict claims, and
dues belonging to the United States; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 165) extending the time for the
completion of the first section of twenty miles
of the Cairo and Fulton railroad; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
WILLIAM If. SCOTT.
Mr. ABBOTT. I ask unanimous consent
to lake up the bill (S. No. 527) for tho relief
of William F. Scott, late adjutant fourth Iowa
cavalry volunteers.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all of
the original bill after tho c-nacting clause, in
the following words:
That tho Secretary of the Treasury bo, and he is
hereby, directed to allow autl pay to William i'. Scott,
lace adjutant of the fourth regiment Iowa volunteer
cavalry, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, tho difference between the pay
and allowances of sergeant major of cavalry andthat
of adjutant of oavalry, from tne 23d day of March,
1865, fco tho 10th day-of June, 1865, inclusive, he hav-
ing actually actcd in the capacity of such adjutant
during that time, and having roeeived therefor only
tho pay of sergeant major, not having been actually
mustered as such adjutant by reason of the non-
receipt of his commission.
And to insert in lieu thereof tho following:
That tho Paymaster General of tho Army be, and
he is hereby, directed to allow and pay to William
K. Scott, late adjutant of the fourth regiment of
Iowa volunteer cavalry, out ofthe appropriation for
tho pay ofthe Army, the difference between the pay
and allowances of sergeant major of cavalry and that
of adjutant of cavalry, from tho 23d day of March,
1865, to the 10th day of June, 1865, inclusive, he hav-
ing actually acted in tho oapaoity of such adjutant
during that time, and having received therefor only
the pay oi sergeant major, not having been a-ctually
mustered as such adjutant by reason of tho non-
receipt of his commission.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. There is a report accompany •
ing the bill which explains this case.
Mr. WILSON and others. Never mind the
report; it is plain enough.
Air. ABBOTT. Very well.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
IIOCK ISLAND BRIDGE.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 151) in relation to the construction
of the Rock Island bridge.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to say
anything about this resolution, but simply to
remark that there is a question of privilege
which I think should be taken up now, after
what has occurred. If that can be disposed
of presently, there will be some ofthe day left
for the honorable Senator from Minnesota, who
has a special order to-day, the bill in reference
to tho franking privilege. For that reason,
among others, I think we ought to proceed
presently with the question of privilege; and
after this I shall ask to take it up.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think this bill will
consume much time.
Mr. CONKLING. "After this," I said.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
amendment the joint resolution will be reported
to the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have it
reported in full.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Be it resolved, &e., That in the construction of the
bridge heretofore authorized by Congress across the
Mississippi river, between Rock Island and tho city
of Davenport, the Secretary of War shall have power
to construct thesame for a single-track railroad only,
and to place thewagon-road below the railroad track,
as recommended by the chief of engineers: Provided,
That in no caso shall the expenditure on the part of
the United States exceed $1,000,000.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
from Ohio that this will reduce the expend-
iture by from five to seven hundred thousand
dollars. It is a matter of economy. We have
already agreed to build the bridge. Instead
of building one for a double-track railroad, we
propose to build a single track. As a matter
of economy on the part of the Government it
is a good measure, and it is necessary to pass
it on account of the workmen now waiting to
finish the bridge.
Mr. THURMAN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that Congress by an
act agreed to build a bridge ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; and this decreases
the expenditure. Congresshasheretoforopassed
a bill to build abridge across the river, in con-
nection with certain railways, and has appro-
priated a certain sum of money for that pur-
pose. The bridge is from the arsenal in the
Mississippi river to tho Iowa shore. Now, it
is proposed, instead of building a wide bridge
for a double-track railroad, the dr£tw of which
it is believed it will be very difficult to work,
owing to the current ofthe Mississippi, to build
a bridge for one track, which will cost from five
to seven hundred thousand dollars less, and to
have the railroad go over the wagon-road,
instead of the wagon-road going over the rail-
road, according to the recommendation of the
engineers. It is a saving to the Government
and unquestionably better for all concerned.
Mr. THURMAN. The only object I had
was that it might be explained.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SENATOR FROM MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. CONKLING. Ill rising to a question
of privilege, I ask the Senate now to proceed to
consider the ease of General Ames, claiming a
seat from Mississippi.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairdesires,
in response to a suggestion of the Senator from
New York in regard to the franking bill, to say
that there are now three special orders on the
Calendar, which by the rules must be taken up
according to the dates at which they are assigned.
The first is the Georgia bill; the second is the
Northern Pacific railway bill; and the third is
the franking privilege bill, which will come up,
alter the question of privilege is disposed of, in
their regular order.
Mr. CONKLING. I appreciate that; but as
a Senator on my right suggests, if this matter
could be disposed of presently, very likely the
Senator from Minnesota by consent could be
allowed to call up the bill which he has had
made a special order for this day, as probably
it will not lead to any very long consideration.
At all events, the sooner we proceed with this
the sooner we shall finish it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from New York that a resolution has
been lying on the table for a week or so for
printing extra copies of the report ofthe House
Committee on the Decay of American Com-
merce. I think it is a matter of courtesy to
the House, and certainly very much to the con-
