1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
content and said. 'You can renew your motion in
caucus.' I did so, stilting that I had been voted
down in committee, but that I appealed from tho
committee to the caucus. My colleague who sits
hetore me [Mr. Wilson] cried out ' Doso,' and then
said in language which ho will pardon me for
minim*. l>ut which will do him honor always, 'The
report of the committee will leave a great question
onen to debate on every sauare mile of the South,
mu-t elose that question up.'
"Another Senator who is not now here—I can
therefore name hiin, Mr. Gratz Brown—cried out
uio.-t earnestly, ' Push it to a vote ; we will stand by
you.' 1 needed no such encouragement, for my
determination was fixed. There sat the Senator
Irom Illinois, sullen in his accustomed opposition.
1 pushed it to a vote, and it was carried by only two
majority. Senators rising to be counted. My col-
league in liis joy on the occasion cried out, ' This is
the greatest vote that has been taken on this conti-
nent.' lie felt, I felt, we all felt that the question
of tbesuffrage was then and there secured. By that
vote the committee was directed to make it a part
of reconstruction. This was done, and the measure
thus amended was reported by the Senator from Ohio
as chairman of the committee.
" I am compelled to this statement by the assault
of the Senator. I had no disposition to make it. I
do cot claim anything for myself. I did nothing but
myduty. Had I done less I should have been faith-
less: I should have been where the Senator from
Illinois placed himself."'
Mr. SUMNER. That statement is to the
effect that on my motion that important prop-
osition was put into the bill. Does anybody
question it? Has the impeachment of the
Senator to-day impaired that statement by a
hair's breadth? He shows that in another
part of this Capitol, patriot Representatives
were striving in the same direction. All honor :
to them ! God forbid that I should ever '
grudge to any of my associates in this great ;
controversy any of the fame that belongs to
them. There is enough for all, provided we
have been faithful. Sir, it is not in my nature
to take from any one credit, character, fame
to which he is justly entitled. The world is
wide enough for all. Let each enjoy what he
has earned. I ask nothing for myself. I
asked nothing the other day ; what I said was
only in reply to the impeachment, the arraign-
ment let me call it, by the Senator from Illi-
nois.
I then simply said it was on my motion that
this identical requirement went into the bill.
The Senator, in reply, seeks to show that in
the other Chamber a similar proposition was
brought forward ; but it did not become a part
of the bill. He shows that it was brought for-
ward in this Chamber, but did not become a
part of the bill. It was on my motion that it
did become a part of the bill. It was not
unnatural, perhaps, that I should go further,
as I did, and say that in making this motion 1
only acted in harmony with my life aud best
exertions for years. I have the whole record
here. Shall I open it? I hesitate. In doing
so I break a vow with myself. And yet it can-
not be necessary. You know me in this Cham-
ber ; you know how I have devoted myself from
the beginning to this idea, how constantly I have
maintained it and urged it from the earliest date.
The first stage in this series—you remember
it; [Mr. Anthony in the chair:] you were here ;
the Senator from Nevada was not here—goes
to February 11, 18G2. when—
Mr Sumner submitted resolutions declaratory
ot the relations between the United States and the
territonr once occupied by certain States and now
usurped by pretended governments without consti-
tutional or legal right."
In these resolutions it is declared that after
an act of secessio.i, followed by war, " the tor- i
ritory falls under the exclusive jurisdiction {
of Congress, as other territory, and the State !
becomes, in the language of the law, ftlode.se." j
Ihe resolutions conclude as follows : J
And that, in pursuance of this duty cast upon I
wngrcss, and isirlhur enjoined by tho Constitution,
vongres3 will assume complete jurisdiction of such !
vacated territory where such unconstitutional and '
tn ? i!, '?fe's bi":n attempted, and will proceed
.lnl"crfin republican forms of government '
under the Constitution ; and, in theexecution of this
proTlde carefully lor the protection of all
ine inhabitants thereof, for ihe security of families,
ine organization of labor, the encouragement of in-
aV we"ar<3 of society, and will in every
way discharge the duties of a just, merciful, and
Paternal Government."
Sir, there was the beginning of reconstruc-
tion in this Chamber. That was its earliest
expression.
On the 8th of February, 1864, it appears
that—
"Mr. Sumner submitted resolutions defining the
character of the national contest, and protesting
against any premature restoration of rebel States
without proper guarantees and safeguards against
slavery and lor the protection of the ireedmen."
And on the same day it appears that he sub-
mitted the following amendment to the Con-
stitution, which, had it been adopted then,
would have cured many of the difficulties that
have since occurred, entitled—
"Amendment of the Constitution, securing en ual-
ity before tho law and the abolition of slavery.
It is as follows :
"All persons are equal before the law, so that no
porson can hold another as a slave; and the Congress
shall have power to mako all laws necessary and
proper to carry this declaration into effect every-
where within the United States and the jurisdiction I
thereof." |
There, sir, was the beginning of civil rights
bills and political rights bills. On the same
day it appears that Mr. Sumner introduced
into the Senate u A bill to secure equality
before the law in the courts of the United
States."
The debate went on. On the 26th of Feb-
ruary, 1865, a resolution of the Judiciary
Committee was pending recognizing the State
government of Louisiana. Mr. Sumner on
that day introduced resolutions thus entitled :
"Resolutions declaring the duty of the United
States to guaranty republican governments in the
rebel States on tho basis of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, so that the new governments"—
That is, the reconstructed governments—
" shall be founded on the consent of the governed,
and the equality of all persons before the law."
Of this series of resolutions I will read two :
" That tho path of justice is also the path of peace,
and that for the sake of peace it is better to obey the
Constitution, and, in conformity with its require-
ments in the performance of the guarantee, to rees-
tablish State governments on the consent of the gov-
erned, and the equality of all persons before the law,
to the end that the foundations thereof may be per-
manent, and that no loyal majorities may bo again
overthrown or ruled by any oligarchical class."
Then comes another resolution :
"That considerations of expediency are in harmony
with the requirements of the Constitution and the dic-
tates of justice and reason, especially now when col-
ored soldiers have shown their military value; that
as their muskets are needed for the national defense
against rebels in the field, so are their ballots yet
more needed against the subtle enemies of the Union
at home; and that without their support at the
ballot-box the cause of human rights and of the
Union itself will be in constant peril."
On the bill reported by the Senator from
Illinois for the admission of Louisiana with-
out equal rights I had the honor of moving
the very proposition now in question, under
date of February 26, 1865 :
"Provided, That this shall not take effect, except -
upon the fundamental condition that within the State
there shall be no denial of the electoral franchise or of
any other rights on account of color or race, but all per- '
sons shall be equal before the law."
Here was the first motion in this Chamber
for equality of suffrage as a measure of recon-
struction. I entitled it at the time the "corner-
stone of reconstruction." But here, sir, it was
my misfortune to encounter the strenuous op-
position of the Senator from Illinois. I allude
to this with reluctance. I have not opened this
debate; and I only quote what I do now simply
in reply to the Senator from Nevada. Reply-
ing on that occasion to the Senator from Illinois,
I said: '
"The United States are bound by the Constitu-
tion 'to guaranty to every State a republican form
of government.' Now, when called to perform this
guarantee, it is proposed to recognize an oligarchy
of the skin. The pretended State government in
Louisiana is utterly indefensible, whether you look
at its origin or its character. To describe it, I must
use plain language. It is a mere seven-months'
abortion, begotten by the bayonet in criminal con-
junction with the spirit of caste, and horn before
its time, rickety, unformed, unfinished, whose con-
tinued existence will be a burden, a reproach, and
a wrong. That is the whole case; and yet the Sen-
atpr from Illinois now presses it upon the Senate at
this moment, to the exclusion of the important pub-
lic businessof tho country."
ihe Louisiana bill, though pressed by the
Senator from Illinois, was defeated ; and the
equal rights of the colored race were happily
vindicated. His opposition was strenuous.
Uut, sir, I did not content myself bv ad ion
in this Chamber. Our good President was
assassinated. The Vice President succeeded
to his place. Being here in Washington. [
entered at once into relations with him. in
hoping to bring, if possible, his great mflu.-neo
in lavor of this measure of reconstruction ;
and here « a record made shortly afterward,
which 1 will read :
"During this period I saw the President fre-
quently. sometimes at tho private houso he then
occupied, and sometimes at his office in tho Treas-
ury, On these occaMons tho coi^tant topic was
'reconstruction,' which was considered in every
variety of aspect. More than once I ventured to
press upon him the duty and the renown of eairy-
iug out the principles of the Declaration of inde-
pendence and of founding the new governments m
the rebel States on the consent of the governed,
without any distinction of color. To this earnest
appeal ho ropWed on one occasion, as 1 sat with him
alone, in words which I can never forget: 'On this
question, Mr. Sumner, there is no difference, between
us. You and I are alike.' Need I say that I was
touched to the heart by this annunciation, which
seemed to promiso a victory without   battle ? Ac-
customed to controversy, I saw clcarly that if tho
President declared himself in favor of the Equal
Rights of All, tho good causc must prevail without
controversy."
Then followed another incident:
"On another occasion, during tho same period,
the case of Tennessee was discussed. I expressed
the hope most earnestly that the President would
use his influence directly for the establishment of
impartial suffrage in that State, saying that in this
way Tennessee would be put at the head of the re-
turning column and be made an example; in one
word, that all tho other States would be obliged to
dress on Tennessee. Tho President replied that if
he were at Nashville he would see that this was
accomplished. I could not help rejoining promptly
that he need not be at Nashville, for at Washington
his hand was on the longend of the lever with which
he could easily move all Tennessee, referring, of
course, to the powerful but legitimate influence
! which the President might exercise in his own State
by the expression of his desires."
i Then again, as I was about to leave on my
return home to Massachusetts, in an interview
with him, I ventured to express my desires
and aspirations as follows. This was in May,
1865:
"After remarking that the rebel region was still
in military occupation and that it was the plain duty
of the President to use his temporary power for t ho
establishment of correct principles, I proceeded to
say : First. See to it that no newspaper is allowed
which is not thoroughly loyal and does not speak
well of the National Government and of Equal
Rights; and here I reminded him of the saying of
the Duke of Wellington, that in a place under martial
law an unlicensed press was as impossible as on tho
deck of a ship of war. Secondly. Let the officers that
you send as military governors or otherwise bo known
for theirdevotion to Equal Rights, sothat theirnamcs
alone will be a proclamation, while their simple pres-
ence will help educate the people ; and hero I men-
tioned Major General Carl Sciiurz, who still held his
commission in the Army as such a person. Thirdly.
Encourage the population to resume the profitable
labors of agriculture, commerce, and manufactures
without delay; but for the present to avoid politics.
Fourthly. Keep the whole rebel region under these
good influences, and at tho proper moment hand
over the subject of reconstruction, with the great
question of Equal Rights, to tho judgment of Con-
gress, where it belongs. All this the President re-
ceived at the tirno with perfect kindness; arid I
mention this with tho more readiness because I
remember to have seen in the papers avery different
statement."
Before I left Washington, and in the midst
of my interviews with the President, I was
honored by a communication from colored
citizens of North Carolina asking my counsel
with regard to their rights, especially the right
to vote. I will not read their letter. It was
published in the papers of the time and much
commented upon, but I will read my reply :
Washington May VS. Itf65.
Gentlemen : I am glad that the colored citizens
of North Carolina are ready to take part in the organ-
ization of government. It is unquestionably their
right and duty,
I see little chance of peace or tranquillity in any
rebel State unless the rights of all are recognized,
without distinction of color. On this foundation wu
must build.
The article on reconstruction to which you call
my attention, proceeds on the exploded idea of
slavery, that persons with a white skin are the only
" citizens." This is a mistake.
As you do me the honor to ask mo tho proper
