4012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
merely that they are not to be paid except by
authority of law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yery well; I
will withdraw the proposition to amend ; and
if it is necessary the section can be further
perfected in the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. Is the pending question
upon the amendment of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No.
Mr. POMEROY. That amendment is with-
drawn.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The ques-
tion ison the amendment of the committee, as
amended by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to state that we
have had this question before the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and we have found, as has
been stated by the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, that in some cases where we
have made an appropriation of money for the
support of an Indian tribe claims have been
presented to the Department against that tribe
by claim agents which have absorbed the
entire appropriation for the tribe, thereby leav-
ing those Indians to starve, or else to commit
other depredations upon the whites in their
vicinity, to murder them, and thus to lead to
war.
Now, the question is whether we shall make
these appropriations and give to the Indians
the amount of money we have agreed to give
them according to treaty stipulations, without
having anything deducted on account of claims
held by claim agents against the Indians, and
thereby prevent Indian wars, or whether we
shall allow the whole of their annuities to be
absorbed in that way. If persons have claims
against the Indians for which they are justly
entitled to receive compensation let them come
to Congress and receive their pay as other
claimants do.
Mr. Til AYEIl. 111 order to give a practical
turn to this question, I should like to ask the
Senator from Oregon and the Senator from
Iowa if they would be willing under those cir-
cumstancesif their property liadbeen destroyed
to take their chances before Congress (or their
remedy? That is the poorest consolation in
the world to afford to a claimant. I do not
mean any disrespect to any member of the
Senate; but I say it is almost an insult to a
claimant whose property lias been destroyed
by Indians. I have been called on time and
again to go to the department to get some
remedy for settlers whose property has been
destroyed. I have a case in my mind only
lately where everything was taken and the
family were left homeless and penniless.
The honorable Senator from Ibirs  :vi the
honorable Senator from Oregon say that in
some cases the annuities of Indian tribes have
been absorbed in meeting these claims. 1 tell
those two Senators that the property, the all
of settlers on the frontier, has been destroyed
by Indians; and I say to them also that the
way to produce an effect upon the Indians is by
letting them know that if they commit these
depredations their annuities shall be taken to
pay for them. That is the only way in which
you will reach them. That is the only way in
which you will have an effect on the Indians
and compel them to cease their depredations
on the settlers. The last remedy for a man
whose property, whose crops, whose horses,
and whose cattle have been taken from him by
the Indians, is to tell him to come to Congress
and wait until the day of doom before he can
get satisfaction or compensation. I trust that
this whole section will be stricken out.
Mr. CORBETT. If you want to continue
Indian wars, a good way to do it is to make
appropriations for the support of the Indians
according to your treaty stipulations, and then
have those appropriations entirely absorbed by
these claims, compelling the Indians again to
commit depredations on the white settlers in
their vicinity, to steal and to murder. By such
a policy you will have constant war and tur-
moil, and you will have to increase your Army
very much larger than its present number.
The experience of the Department during the
past year has been that by allowing these claims
to be paid in this way you offer a premium to
claim agents and the people having claims to
come here and demand pay for what they con-
ceive has been stolen from them. If they can
get a few of their neighbors around, each to
indorse the others' claim, they can make a
very good case, and go to the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior and get ali the money appropriated to the
Indians.
There have been some cases of which we
have knowledge where we believe money has
been paid which in justice ought not to have
been paid. We desire to protect the Indians
against such claims. If we could confine
these payments to the just claims, which are
of small amount, to minor depredations, it
might do very well; but it seems to me to
be utter folly to malse appropriations to the
Indian tribes, if we are to allow the whole of
those appropriations to be absorbed by these
claims, and then compel the Indians to starve
or commit other depredations upon settlers.
Let these claims be filed ; letthem beexamined
like other claims, and recommended, at any
rate, by the committees of Congress that have
such matters in charge. If we do not do that,
we shall have continued trouble.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I have not
said one word as yet on this subject. My heart
is always sad when this question is brought
before the Senate. The Senate as a body are
not able to handle the question. The expe-
rience of the Senate as a body is entirely with-
out that degree of practical knowledge upon
the subject which is necessary to legislate in-
telligently upon it. We who live upon the
frontier, whose neighbors are liable at all times
to be stricken down, know it; we feel it; we
understand it. The prairie is red this blessed
moment with the blood of the citizens of Ne-
braska, a few days since slaughtered deliber-
ately, cruelly, only as the savages on the
frontier do slaughter. We feel upon this sub-
ject; and 1 am not. certain that our wrongs
can ever be righted until it becomes such a
question in the politics of the country as that
parties cannot stand and exist unless they are
willing to learn from the men who understand
this whole question.
Every Senator here who knows anything
about the new States knows that when a band
of savages pass through our borders, or when
the Indians who are on the reservations pass
through our States, there is nothing that pro-
tects the property of the settler so well as a
consciousness on the part of the chiefs and the
head men of the Indians that if the stock of
the settler is killed, if his crops are destroyed,
their annuities may be reached and they will
feel it in their pockets. Nothing socompletely
gives protection to the settlers as that. Then,
when their young men spread upon the prairies
and roam about at will, when they come upon
the cabin of a settler, and his property is en-
tirely in their power, they will have been warned
by those in authority over them not to touch it,
or the value of the property will be taken out
of their annuities. I tell you that gives us
more protection, when they pass through our
inhabited counties and portions of our States,
than anything else that you can devise. But,
let it be understood that if they commit'these
depredations, those who complain of them, if
they can make a case, may come to Congress
and get their pay out of the Treasury of the
United States, and who cares what depreda-
tions are then committed? I say that unless
this section be stricken out, or so amended that
the redress shall be direct upon the tribe, or
upon the annuities of the tribe, we shall have
very little protection. *
_ I do not intend to occupy unnecessarily the
time of the Senate. I concur most heartily,
and every constituent of mine concurs, in what
was uttered by the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] to-day. He said it so weil and so
pertinently that I will nothave the presumption
to undertake to repeat it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I fear that this amendment
of the Committee on Indian Affairs and the
Committee on Appropriations will do infinite
injustice to the Indians if itis enacted into a law
and the white settlers are denied the reparation
they have heretofore received by attendingthe
Indian payments where these claims are usually
presented. The Indian agent, with the chiefs
and head men of the tribe around him, gener-
ally adjudicates upon these claims. Among
the frontier settlers they are not for very large
amounts. The mischief done is generally not
very great, and it is proper that the payment
should be prompt, considering that the sum is
small. That prevents the settlers themselves
from taking vengeance on the Indians. If
you withdraw this relief from them they will
follow up any depredations committed by the
Indians with quick revenge. There is no
doubt about that. But now they wait until the
next payment, and they then go with their wit-
nesses and present the case to .the agent. He
sits there in judgment upon the case. The
chiefs are heard, and the head men are heard,
and adjudication is had, and the amount found
due is reported to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and adjudicated upon finally by the
Secretary of the Interior. This is as much for
the protection of the Indian as it is for the
protection of the frontier settler. 1 assure you
that if this protection is taken away from them
and the settlers are required to come to Con-
gress, which they know is a virtual denial of
their claims, they will take revenge speedily
on the spot, and you will have more Indian
wars than you have ever had before.
Mr. THAYER. I imagine that if my friend
from Oregon had suffered from depredations
by the Indians, if his property had been taken
or destroyed, he would be very apt to apply to
the Department to withhold asufficientamount
from the Indian annuities to reimburse him if
there was no law prohibiting him, and he would
be very right in so doing. It is but just that
the annuities of the Indians should be applied
to the reimbursement of the settlers who have
suffered from their depredations.
Mr. President, it is about time we heard
something in this Chamber in regard to justice
to the settlers u-pon the frontier. We have heard
day after day of the wrongs done to the Indians.
I now want to hear something, and I propose
to say something before this matter is ended,
in regard to the wrongs of the settlers com-
mitted by the Indians. But I \Vill only take
time now to say that such speeches as have
been made in this Chamber during the last
two years have emboldened the Indians to com-
mit the crimes which they have committed. It
is this humanitarian policy that is proclaimed
here and all through the East that incites them
to acts of depredation. Insert this section in
this bill, and the Indians will be apprised of
it and they will regard it as a license to them
to commit these crimes upon the people of
the frontiers. That will be the effect upon the
Indians. My friend from Iowa nearest me
[Mr. Howell] smiles. I do not know whether
he is incredulous or not.
Mr. HOWELL. I was just wondering
whether the Indians would read the Senator's
speech. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER, Let me tell my friend from
Iowa that I live nearer to them than he does,
and they do find out all about these things just
as well as he does ; they are a good deal more
intelligent than he thinks they are. There are
men among them 
Mr. HOWELL. As the Senator from Ne-
braska calls me out for a smile, 1 must say that
I did not smile in opposition to his views nor
with any desire to criticise his views. The
smile was brought on my face simply by the
idea of the Indians reading the Senator's speech
in the Globe. [Laughter.]
