2124
THE CONGEESSIOJSTjVL GLOBE.
Marcli 22,
Here is presented the evidence that those
gentlemen gave; and who are the men who
have beea interrogated upon this subject ? X.;t
to know them is to argue yourselves unknown.
In New York are the names of A. A. Low,
■who has a cotamercial reputation as broad as
the Union, George Opdyke, Edward Hineken,
Ambrose Snow, B. P. Buck,-W. H. Webb;
in Philadelphia, Francis R. Cope, Henry Wind-
sor, Henrv R. Edmunds, .Henry Tatum. ; in
Boston, El S. Tobey, E. H. Derby, Franklin
W. Smith, Paul Curtis, Donald McKay, R. B.
Forbes, and gentlemen of that class who have
long been identified with the commerce of the
country, and who I think know a part of its
alphabet. They have given their opinions. I
care not what maybe the opinions of the com-
mittee, if you please, but there is the evidence
collected and printed, and I hold in my hand
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
speaking of the importance of the report and
saying that he desires one thousand of these
fifteen thousand copies, and that he can make
a wide and beneficial use of it for commercial
purposes.
This report farther gives us statistics of the
principal commercial countries of the world.
It shows us how our commerce has advanced,
how it has declined. It shows us every steam
line, I think, with the subsidies paid by Great
Britain, and it contains within itself a fund of
more valuable information, more accurate in
its statistic arrangement, than any that has
been presented to the American people.
And now, sir, without seeking to indorse
the conclusions to which the committee have
come—and the Senator from Michigan cor-
tairily aims the whole of his objection to the
bill they report—I say it is the most useful
document to print and circulate among out-
commercial men, so that if the conclusions of
this committee are not correct, we may have
the wisdom of others to guide us and dircet
us, for there oan bo no doubt what is the duty
of American statesmen to-day. There is a
remedy for the present condition of our ton-
nage, and that remedy, if we do our duty,
must be sought and found and applied. I
will not stop now to discuss what are the bad
results that must necessarily flow from a de-
clining commerce and a diminished tonnage.
I pass that by; and I say from these consider-
ations the Senate should print this document
and spread it broadcast. 11* it would oblige
my friend very much, I would let the bill be
omitted. I care nothing about that; that is of
very minor importance, because we shall frame
our own bills as wo please; but we want the
information, and we want to disseminate it, that
we may get it and other information from
commercial men which they in the aggregate
possess.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one
having arrived, the unfinished business of yes-
terday comes up; but the Chair understands
that that is to be postponed until the question
of privilege shall be decided.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us take the question
on this resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall not occupy more
than five minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Printing will be regarded as still be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr.President, Job waa
considered a very sensible man in his day, and
lie made some very sensible remarks. I was
forcibly reminded of Job while tho Senator
from Maine was giving us the quintessence
of ail wisdom. Job said, " Truly, ye are the
people, and wisdom will die with you." Of
course 1 hope the Senator from Maine may
live ions, because I do not want all wisdom to
leave the earth.
Now, Mr. President, with regard to this
report, one of the signers of the report told me
that he utterly dissented from the i'ealures to
which I have alluded. But, sir, this is an old
question. It is the same old question I have
met on this floor for thirteen years from the
State of Maine. The Senators from Maine on
this floor for thirteen years have been -willing
to sacrifice every interest in the United States
for a few ship-yards in the State of Maine. They
will abandon your mine's, abandon your lutpber
interests, abandon your rope-walks, abandon
everything to help Maine to build up one or
two ship-yards, and it will be all right.
' Mr. President, I am in f^vor of enlarging our
shipping, and I am willing to-day to do as the
Governments of Europe are doing, say to an
American company that is chartered, "Where
ever on earth yon can buy the best steamers do
so, and we will nationalize them to tho extent
of our foreign trade.'' France does that; Ger-
many does it; Holland does it; Austria does
it; it is done all over Europe. I would say to
them, "Go wherever you can buy the cheapest
and beststeamers for our foreign traffic," but I
would not naturalize a single ton or a pound
of that shipping to enter into competition with
our domestic and internal trade.
Let us have the very best models that the
world can produce; -but no," say the'Sena-
tors from Maine, and so they have been saying
for thirteen years, "abandon everything in the
shape of protection, but do protect us." The
ship-builders of Maine know as well as every-
body else that they cannot, paying four dollars
a day for labor that in England costs but four
shillings and in France but four francs, com-
pete with England and Erance. They under-
stand that very well, and this is simply a fraud
on its face. It is to build ships for the home
traffic, to get a drawback upon your domestic
commerce that is already an absolute monop-
oly. Notwithstanding the sourcc of all wis-
dom and knowledge, the Senator from Maine,
asserts to the contrary, I say that this is a fraud,
and I hope that it will not be printed by the
Senate.
He says our commerce has declined. It has;
but there are other reasons for the decline than
the change from wooden to iron ships. They
are to-day breaking up ships only four years old,
because they are unfit for the traffic; but if you
pay them premium enough they can run those
tubs. It will be better, sir, to adopt a wiser
policy. Let us purchase abroad models for the
manufacture of vessels for our domestic com-
merce, and let our ship-builders learn the art
of building iron ships, ships that are adapted
to the present age.
Again, the railroads of the country have
changed the amount of tonnage very consider-
ably. Millions of tons of commerce that form-
erly went down our rivers and around our coast
are now carried by the railroads. There are
other causes besides the decline in trade to
account for the existing condition of things. As
many ships will be built as it is profitable to
build, and no more. If there are more than
are profitable, capital will seek some other out-
let. I hope this report will not be piiuted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
I hardly think this is a question upon which
any great amount of eloquence or time need
bo expended. It is a very simple proposition,
coming from tho House of Representatives,
asking us to print a document which one of
their committees have spent a large amount
of time in compiling and getting up. I have
examined it so far as to see that the tables
which are included in it are of exceeding value;
and if the Senator from Michigan had exam-
ined it he would have found that this very
subject of iron steamers is discussed, and valu-
able documents in relation thereto are included
from our consuls abroad. There are some ex-
ceedingly interesting tables here. For instance,
I desire to call the attention of the Senate for
a moment to the table including the cost of all
our ships we have hitherto built. It will be
found that those which are built at private
establishments are constructed for only about
one half the amount of tho'se that axe con-
structed at our navy-yards. That is a subject
which needs to be investigated. For instance,
take vessels of nine hundred and seventy-four
tons burden. The Sassacus cost $249,000,
built at the Kittery yard, and one of the same
amount of tonnage and the same amount of
guns was constructed by private parlies at only
a cost of $164,000. Take another one, the
Mackinaw, built at New York, which cost
$251,000. Take another of the same class,
the same tonnage, and the same number of
guns, the Massasoit, built at Boston by Curtis
& Tilden, and it only cost $160,000. Then,
look at the time.
Mr. POMEROY. Were they built the same
year ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The same year.
Look at the time. At our Government yards
they took from six months to two years, while
at the private establishments they occupied in
building none of them longer than a year, and
most of them from six to eight and a half months.
These tables are certainly of some import-
ance. The document is in type. It only costs
the press-work and paper; and although, as a
general rule, I am opposed both to the seperi*
patetic committees and to the printing of doc-
uments, .still I think t,he Senate ought to print
some number—I do, npt know how many, but
some numbers of this report.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 agree with the Senator
from Michigan in the main, especially wherein
he states as to tho cost of labor attending
the carrying on of our commercial matters. I
contend here and elsewhere that if you give the
American owner the ships free, without cost,
and ask him to carry on the business of com-
merce in this country in competition with those
abroad he will fail; he will not succeed with
the gift of his tonnage.
But what I rose more particularly to state
has reference to the matter on which the print-
ing is based, the original petition or the origi-
nal suggestion from the commercial men of the
country. They state that there is to-day in the
harborof Bostonas finean iron ship as is made
in the world, that fails to find owners at fifty
or sixty per cent, of its original cost. The
proposed abandonment of protection, or the
relief of duties on the materials incident to the
creation of a navy or of a commercial marine,
is not greater than this. Why, then, are not
those vessels employed in competition with the
commercial marine of the Powers who have
now the ascendency and control over commer-
f1ia I initfprQ ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish the Senator from
Michigan would, instead of opposing the reso-
lution, put his suggestions in the form of an
amendment. This is a resolution that comes
from the House of Representatives to print
extra copies of a report made by a committee
of the House. According to a lav/ passed last
session in an appropriation bill neither House
has a right to order additional copies of any
document when the cost exceeds $500, but it
must be done by concurrent resolution. I trust
we shall allow the House at least to print such
number of this report as the House deem proper,
and if the Senator has any objection let him
move to strike out the portion of the resolution
which prints copies for the Senate. I am in
favor of printing the whole, but I would rather
the motion should be put in that shape if it
would suit him as well. His object is to pro-
test against the conclusion of the report. I do
not consider that in ordering the report to be
printed we adopt its conclusions, i very sel-
dom read the reports which I ask to have printed
or not printed.
Mr. CHANDLER. Of course I cannot pre-
vent the House from printing anything they
see fit.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senate can prevent
the House. The House cannot print additional
copies of any report if it costs over $500 except
by a concurrent resolution of the two Houses.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think $500 would be
wasted.
