1870
THE CONGRESSIOXAL GLOBE.
1181
immortality of the soul, added, that if this were an
error it was an error which he loved. And now, de-
claring my belief in Liberty and Equality as tho
God-given birthright of all men, let me say, in the
i-uue spirit, if this be an error, it is an error which 1
i>ve - if this be a fault, it is a fault which I shall be
slow to renounce; if this bean illusion, it is an illu-
sion winch I pray may wrap tho world in its angelic
forms."
The discussion still proceeded, and only a
month later, March 7, 1SG6, I made another
elaborate effort with the same object, from
which I read my constant testimony :
" I do not stop now to exhibit the elective fran- i
chise as essential to the security of the freednian,
without which he will be the prey of slavery in somo
new form, and without which he cannot rise to the
stature of manhood. In opening this debate I havo
presented this argument tully. Suffice it to say in
this place that Emancipation will fail in its benefi-
cence if you do not assure to the former slave all the
rights of the citizen. Until you do this your work
will bo only half done, and the frecdman will be
only half " man."
This speech closed as follows:
" Recall the precious words of the early English
writer, who. describing the ' good sea-captain,' tells
us that he counts the image of God nevertheless
His image cut in ebony as if done in ivory.' The
pood statesman must be like the good sea-captain,
llis ship is the State which he keeps safe on its track.
He, too, must see the imago of God in all his fellow-
men, and, in the discharge of his responsible duties,
rau*t sot his face forever against any recognition of
Inequality in Human Eights. Other things you may
do; but this you must not do."
I do not quote other efforts, other speeches,
but pass to the next session of Congress, when,
at the beginning, under date of December 5, ;
1SCC, I introduced resolutions thus entitled : j
" Resolutions declaring the true principles of re-
construction; the jurisdiction of Congress over the
wholesubject; the illegality of existing governments
in the rebel States, and the exclusion of such States,
-,vith such illegal governments, from representation i
in Congress,and from voting on constitutional amend-
ments."
Of these resolutions the fourth is as follows:
" That, in determining what is a republican form
of government. Congress must follow implicitly the
definition supplied by the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and, in the practical applicatiou of this defini- ;
tion, it must,after excluding all disloyal persons take, !
car ethatnew governments are founded on the two fund-
amental truths therein contained: first, that all men
are equal in rights ; and, secondly, that all just govern- '
ment stands only on the consent of the governed."
Meanwhile the subject of reconstruction was
practically discussed in both Houses of Con-
gress. In this Chamber a bill was introduced
by the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
providing a military government. In the House
there was another bill, and on that bill good
Representatives (to whom be all honor) sought
to ingraft the requirement of colored suffrage.
This effort, unhappily, did not prevail. The
bill came to this Chamber without it. In this
Chamber the same effort was made; but the
bill, while it w;is still immatured, passed into
our caucus. The effort which had thus far
failed was then renewed by me in the commit-
tee, where it again failed. It was then renewed
by me in the caucus, where it triumphed. This
is the history of that proposition. I claim
nothing for myself. I alluded to it the other
day oniy in direct reply to the arraignment of
the Senator from Illinois. I allude to it now
reluctantly and only in direct reply to the
arraignment of the Senator from Nevada. I
regret to be obliged to make any allusion to
it. 1 think there is no occasion for any. I
have erred, perhaps, in taking so much time
in this explanation, but when the Senator, after
days and weeks of interval, came here with his
second indictment I felt that I might without
impropriety throw myself upon the indulgence
of this Chamber to make the simple explana-
tion that I have made.
I have shown that as early as February 26,
1805, I proposed in this Chamber to require
the colored suffrage as the corner-stone of
reconstruction. I have shown that in an elab-
orate bill introduced December 4, 1865, being
a bill of reconstruction, I required the very
things which were afterward introduced in
the reconstruction act of 1867; and I have
shown also that here in this Chamber, at home
among my constituents, in direct intercourse
with the President, and also in communica-
tion with colored persons at the South, from
the beginning, I insisted upon the colored suf-
frage as the essential condition of reconstruc-
tion. it so happened that I was a member of
the committee appointed by the caucus to con-
sider this question, giving me the opportunity
there of moving it again ; and then 1 had an-
other opportunity in the caucus of renewing
the effort. I did renew it, and, thank God, it
was successful.
Had Mr. Bingham or Mr. Blaine, who made
a kindred effort in the House, been of our com-
mittee, and then of our caucus, I do not doubt
they would have done the same thing. My
colleague did not use too strong language when
he said that then and there, in that small room,
in that caucus, was decided the greatest pend-
ing question on the North American conti-
nent. I remember his delight, his ecstacy at
the result. I remember other language that
he employed on that occasion, which I do not
quote. I know he was elevated by the tri-
umph; and yet it was carried only by two
votes. There are Senators who were present
at that caucus according to whose recollec-
tion it was carried only by one vote. The
Postmaster General, in conversing with me
on this subject lately, told me that he had
often in addressing his constituents alluded to
this result as illustrating the importance of one
vote in deciding a great question. The Post-
master General was in error. It was not by
one vote, but by two votes, that it was carried.
Mr. SHERMAN. I regret exceedingly that
during the last month there has been in the
Senate more than a usual share of what is
termed personal debate or mere personal con-
troversy. I think I have never known so much
time spent in any six weeks in controversies
of this kind as has been spent here in the last
six weeks. It seems to me now that this whole
discussion has no pertinency to the contro-
versy before us. Indeed there is no contro-
versy before us. We have a bill for the admis-
sion of the State of Mississippi. There is not
a Senator within the sound of my voice but is
in favor of the bill and desires the prompt
readmission of the State of Mississippi. The
only question upon which there can be any
dispute is whether the conditions imposed on
the State of Virginia should be annexed to this
bill, and upon that question every member
here has made up his mind. That was the
sole question under debate for two weeks.
Now, for myself, on that particular point I
have always voted against conditions funda-
mental, as they are called, because I believe
Congress cannot add one particle of strength
to any conditions beyond what is imposed by
the Constitution of the United States. But as
the Senate after long debate did attach these
conditions to the bill for the admission of the
State of Virginia, and as there is no reason
why Virginia should be treated in a different
way from Mississippi, I see no occasion to
renew this controversy. Therefore I am will-
ing to let the vote of the Senate three or four
weeks ago stand as the vote on this question,
unless the Committee on the Judiciary can
give us some reason special to the case of Mis-
sissippi that did not apply to the case of Vir-
ginia.
But that is not a point upon which I wish to
spend any time, because I think on the main
question we ought to have a vote, and have
a vote to-night. But some controversy has
sprung up here about a matter that is very
immaterial indeed, as to what occurred in a
caucus on the night of the 15th of February,
1867; and there is some difference of opinion,
very slight indeed when you come to examine
it as between two Senators, as to whether one
Senator should have more or less merit as to
a particular public proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not claim any merit;
pardon me there.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator disclaims
it; but that is the point of the controversy.
Now, the Senator from Massachusetts needs
no defender of his course on the question of
universal suffrage. No man can deny that
from the first, and I think the very first, he
has advocated and maintained the necessity
of giving to the colored people of the southern
States the right to vote. My impression is that
this claim cannot be denied, and all the accu-
mulated testimony and all the doubtful votes
he may have cast can never obliterate or ob-
scure his right to claim consistency on the
question of colored, or universal suffrage. No
, man can deny that to him, and this proposi-
tion, I understand, is not disputed by the hon-
orable Senator from Nevada. Early and late
he has repeated to us the necessity of confer-
ring suffrage upon the colored people of the
South as the basis of reconstruction. I think,
therefore, that he is justified in stating that he
| was the first to propose it in this body; and
why should the Senator deem it necessary to
spend one hour of our valuable time now to
prove this fact ?
Mr. SUMNER. Why did the Senator from
Nevada attack me to-day?
Mr. SHERMAN. In my judgment it would
be just as well for George Washington to defend
i' himself against the charge of disloyalty to the
ji American Colonies, for whom he was fighting,
| as for the honorable Senator to defend his
;j record on this question. Therefore the intro-
|| duction of this debate into this particular con-
troversy seems to me idle. The Senator from
Massachusetts has been consistent, always tak-
ing a leading part in this position.
A few words in regard to the particular clause
in the act of March 2, 1867. Before that be-
came the law, every member of the Republican
party in this Senate, and one Democrat, at
least, agreed that suffrage should be the basis
of reconstruction in the South. I remember
very well the circumstances that led to the
reporting of that bill here at four or five o' clock
in the morning, after one of the most important
sessions of Congress ; and they will readily be
recalled to the mind of every Senator.
The honorable Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] had introduced a bill called the
military reconstruction bill. A large portion
of the Senate was opposed to the adoption of
j that bill unless there were conditions attached
! to it by which the States might in their own
way get back to representation on the floors
of Congress; that is, there was serious objec-
tion to passing a bill organizing military gov-
ernments over the southern States, unless also
the olive branch went with this act of force
and conditions and terms might be prescribed
in the olive branch by which they might resume
their place in the Union. Therefore it was that
there were a multitude of propositions. The
same controversy existed in the House of
Representatives; a bill similar in character to
that proposed by the Senator from Oregon
was proposed in the House; and then Mr.
Blaine, of Maine, accordingto the Journal 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to correct the
Senator in that respect, but I will wait until
he concludes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then a Representative
from Maine introduced what is called the
Blaine amendment. What the history of that
was in the House I do not know; but when all
this subject was debated here for da,ys and days
together, it was found that the Republican
members disagreed vitally as to material con-
ditions to be imposed on the people of the
South in ^reconstruction, and a long and vio-
lent, and sometimes personal debate of a very
unpleasant character occurred here during the
month of February, 1867. Finally a caucus
was convened for the purpose of reconciling
the conflicting opinions among the Republican
Senators. I felt then, as an individual Sen-
ator, that unless the Republicans could unite
themselves upon some basis of reconstruction
where they would be willing to stand as a polit-
ical organization we were liable to be broken
to fragments by the small Democratic minority,
