1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2125
Mr. CONKLING-. Before any other Sen-
ator claims the floor, in order that I may not
aim it at him, I beg to say that I think the
regular order ought to be proceeded with, un-
less the vote can be taken on this resolution.
And I will say to the honorable Senator behind
me [Mr. Drake] that if he speaks some one
else may reply.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to taking the vote on this resolution ?
Mr. DRAKE. I simply want to say one
word about it, with the permission of the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I am not going to discuss the
value of tlic report. I would not like to get
between the upper and nether millstono of the
Senators from Michigan and Maine on this sub-
ject. But the poiut I wish to present is this :
the Senator from Minnesota, the chairman of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
[Mr. Ramsey,] is urging npon the Senate the
passage of a bill abolishing the franking privi-
lege. I should like to know what wo are going
to do with these fifteen thousand documents h
the franking privilege is to be abolished Y 01
what use are they to bo to any one '1 I am against
this multiplication of public documents which
are to lie here and rot in the Capitol because
there will he no franking privilege under wliieh
they can bo distributed.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator knows very
well that the bill to abolish the franking privi-
lege does not take effect until tho 1st of July, j
so that he will havo ample time to send ofl all j
his documents. t i
Mr. DRAKE. Wo cannot send off fifteen
thousand of those documents before the 1st of
VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the concurrent resolution.
The question being put, there were, on divis-
ion—ayes28, noes 14.
Mr. DilAlCE. I call for tho yeas and nays.
["Nol'' "No!"] I withdraw the call.
Tho resolution was agreed to.
iroUtSU HILLS lUiKHltltMI).
Tho hill (II. 11. No. liior.) to amend an act
entitled " All net providing for tho taking ot
the seventh and subsequent censuses of the
United States, and to iix tho number of the
members of tho IIouso^ oi Representatives
and to provide for their future apportionment,
among tho several States," approved May 'J'!,
I860, was road twice by its title, and referred
to tile Committee on the Revision of the Laws.
KNUOLMSI) IIII.LS SKINHD.
A message from tho House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton' Li.ovti, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills ; and they
had
„,gued the following enrolled bills ; ami they
were thereupon signed by the \iee President:
A bill (S. No. xa:i) to incorporate the Wash-
ington General Hospital and Asylum ot the
District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 234) relating to acknowledg-
ments of deeds and other instruments o! writ-
ing in the District of Columbia
A bill (S. No. 883) to renew and continue
inforce the charter of the Potomac Insurance
Company of Georgetown, District of Colum-
bia; , , . „
A bill (S. No. 425) to extend tho turn; for
the completion of the lateral branch of the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad) authorized
by the act approved February 5, 1807, and to
change tbe.location in the city of Washington
along the bank of the canal;
A bill (S- No.480) to incorporate the wash-
ington Mail Steamboat Company;
A bill (S. No. 441) prescribing the duty ot
the Secretary of the Treasury in certain cases
therein named;
A bill (H. R. No. 1138) amendatory oi tho
charter ot the Mutual Fire Insurance Company
of the District of Columbia; ,
A bill (H. R. No. 1490) for tho rebel of
"William; Mont Storm ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1489) to enable John
Thompson, executor of Thomas Thompson,
deceased, to make application for tho exten-
sion of letters-patent for an improved machine
for folding papers.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of the 14th instant, bo
much of the report of Vincent Colyer, special
Indian commissioner, as relates to tho Indian
village of Wrangel, Alaska, including the ac-
companying illustrations, now in the hands of
the Government Printer, showing the. condi-
tion of that village previous to its recent bom-
bardment by the United States troops ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Afi'airs, and ordered to he printed.
AMliSOMKNT to X 1slll.
Mr. POMEROY submitted an amendment,
intended to be proposed to tho bill (S. No.
428) to grant the right of way through tho
public: lands to the Junction City, Solomon
Valley, and Denver railway, and for other
purposes ; which was ordered to be printed.
SKXATOK I'HOM MISSKSU'l't.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
privilege is now before the Senate. The Secre-
tary will read the resolution reported by tho
Committee on tho Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLlNG. The report had better bo
read and the credentials also.
Tho VICE PIUOSIDKNT. The credentials
will first be read, and then the report and the
resolution of tho committee?.
The Secretary read the credentials, as fol-
lows:
k\liWTlVK Dkiwi
J At'UhON, iVl
I, Adolbm Amo«, IJrovot Major General .United
State? Army, provisional f?ov«-rnnr of tho Stato ot
Mississippi,do homhy certiiy that Adalbert Ames
wn* elected Umtetf Status Sonntor by tfio Legislature
of tiiH Shi>to <m tin; lMh d.iy of danuaiy, hSH>, for tho
utH«xpircd I ertn which commenced on iho 4th day of
MurHi, ISM, :iud which will end on tho 4th day oi
Maiolu
In wherool, I. hnvo Ueu-unfo ear. my
1 . i hand,und caused tho irroat sojiI of tho btato
[I..X. | 0j. j\jissnsir>pt to bo aihx.ed, thirf ~">th dny ot
.I.aiunry, l^To.
ADALBERT AMKS.
Ih'cvrt M((Jor ih'nrrai (Jaded .Statr* A nay,
lU'Knvionul of Minnifi/iipjri.
tho ttnvernor: JAME!i LTN0U.
Sec return of State.
The tievvvhuy load tlu: following report:
Tho Oonmuttco on tho Judiciary, to whom wevo
jvHmtchI tho credrntulN of AdeUiort Amc*. claiming
to ho Son;itov sl<sct i'lom tho Stato of Mi&u^ippi,
report the followingUict* and conclusions:
Mr. Amos w;h born in Maine, in IS:>•>.  nd resided
with his psu-onM in that  St: !o until 1S">(\ when ho
entered tho Military Acudemv at Wcj-tPoini. Krnm
ISV.) ho romfini^d in tho military scrvico of tho bni-
U'd States until he veined his commission, which
l,o states wo* stf.'or tho parage, hut before thoappro -
y«1 by tho President, of tho biii finally declaring
Mississippi entitled to representation in Congro^.
I'ntil IStfii his parents continued torosido in Maine,
ami .such articles and papers of hi<? as would natu-
rally ho kept at his homo remained at his father'^
hoiu-e. inl^o-his parents removed to Minnosota,
c.irryitUT vfilh them tho effccts of their son in their
possesion, and iji subsequent years he occasionally
revisited iMaine, but owned no land and occupied no
habitation there of his own.
In 18CW he was ordered to Mississippi; on tho loth
oi Juno m that year he bceutno provisional governor
by appointment of General McDowcil, then district
commandor, and in March, lie hcenmo himself
district commander by alignment of the President
of tho United Srntw>, These relation* continued
modified, if modified at all, only as will presently
mikst.sr.vek oy mississippi,
] fosis.iiri'i, Jununry '£), 1870.
appear.
The election seems tohavo been regular, and waiv-
ing any criticism of the form of the certificate, no
question has been made touching the right of Mr.
Ames to take lus seat, except in regard to the legal
character of his residence in Mississippi.
Tho provision of tho Constitution of tho United
States under which tho question arises is this :
" No person shall be a Senator who shall not have
attained to the age of thirty years, and been nine
vears a citizen of the United States, and who shall
imf, when elected, be an inhabitant of that State for
which he shall ho chosen."
i t will be Foen that to bo eligible a? a Senator of
tho United State? a person, in addition to other
qualifications, must be tin inhabitant of tho State for
•which he is ehoscn, and hG must; be such an inhabit-
aIrhe^lcotioin'in this instance occurred on tho 18th
dItfh"oyAf Amos was a military offlcer. .to-
tioncd in Mississippi by order ,ol superior military
onthnritv and acting as provisional governor by
'mnomimoiit from general McDowell, as already
Sd %^ prSee in these two characters com-
Ses everything beariife upon the question of hw
residence in Mississippi down to the time when ho
became a candidate for the bonate. Ihe precise
dSJ? nnot be fixed, but not loiig before the elec-
tion General Ames determined to allow his name to
bo submitted to the legislators as one of those trorn
wliicli tho choice oi Senators might be made%
Having rcacheJ this detcimmation, and m con-
nection with it, General Ames declared, as far as he
did deelaro it, his intention in regard tohis fatuie
residence. Tlis language, as delivered to tho com-
inittee, touching his declarations and acts, is a>
'°" Upon the success of the JRepublican ticket in
Mississippi I was icpeatcdiy iipproacnca tobecome.i
candidate for tho United States Senate. For a tons
time I declined. I wroto letters declining. A num-
ber of persons in Mississippi visited this city to imci
arguments by which I might bo influenced to become
a candidate. X hesitated bccauso it would necessi-
tate the abandonment of my whole military lite,
finally, tor personal and public reasons, t decided
to bccome a candidate and leave ttic Arm>. A.y
intentions were publicly declared and sincere. (j.1io
intentions thus declared were not only to becoruo a
candidate ior the Senate, but to remain and reside
in Mississippi.) X oven made arrangements, almost
final and permanent, vath a person to manage prop-
erty I intondod to buy. This was bctore I lelc Mis-
sissippi. My resignation was accepted by tho {res-
ident before ho signed the bill to admit the otaie.
Tho conclusion of the committee upon these hu-ds
is that General Ames was not when elected an inhab-
itant of the State tor which ho was chosen, and that
ho is not entitled to take his seat.
The coromitteo therefore rccouimcnd tac auoption
of the following resolution: .
ttesolved, That Adelbcrt Ames is not eligible to
tho seat in tho Senate o£ tho United States to winch
ho has been appointed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ak-
tiioxy in tlio chair.) The quostion is on tho
resolution reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Ml'. OONKLING. Mr. President, the report
just read testifies of a distasteful duty reluct-
antly done. It would have gratified every
member of the committee to be able to reach
mi opposite conclusion. Informed of the per-
sonal worth of General Ames and of his bravery
and distinction as a soldier, had the question
been one to be decided by sentiment an adverse
report could have commanded no support in
the committee. No feeling toward General
Ames found expression there save that of
kindness and respect; and I think I speak as
well for my colleague on the committee, the
honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Tfii'mux, j
as for the majority of its members when I say
that it was a relief to know that since the elec-
tion to which the present certificate relates
General Amos has qualified himself to bo th<:
eligible recipient of a fresh appointment, and
also to know of tho alacrity with which the
J legislature of Mississippi will return him, thus
removing from his way all challenge or excep-
tion. I refer now to a fact which I shall speak
of again, although not strictly involved in the
consideration of the immediate question.
Tho interrogatory submitted to the commit-
tee, and now submitted to the Senate, is made
of sterner stuff than political or personal pref-
erence. General Ames was a lieutenant colo-
nel in the Army of the United States. He held
also a commission as brigadier general by bre-
vet, and at the time of his election he was in
command of the military district known as
Mississippi. He was also, fey military appoint-
ment, provisional governor of the same district,
and was doubly charged, first, by the .statutes
of the United States, and second, by the order
of his superior, with the execution of the recon-
struction acts. It was his duty to govern and
maintain order by military rule. It was his
duty also to conduct elections, and to give
certificates of election to those chosen by'the
people to seats in the Legislature, and to other
offices. He went to Mississippi in obedience
to military orders; he remained there in obe-
dience to military orders, never having been
in Mississippi previously, so far as the com-
mittee know. Such being the reason of his
