1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3069
provementwe all desire may be accomplished,
and it can be accomplished for an expenditure
inside of $2,000.
How, sir, do they ventilate the hold ot a
ship? By the introduction of wind-sails. They
have wind-sails carried up above the surface of
thedeck, through which the fresh air passes down
to the lowest part of the hold, and thus secur-
ing excellent ventilation—certainly very much
better than we have in this Hall. That is one
mode which I would adopt with reference to
the ventilation of this Hall, and it would be
available in winter as well as in summer. Then
there is a second mode. I would remove the
gallery. It would not be necessary to disturb
the seats, but I would remove all that part of
it which obstructs the entrance of air from
the south. I would remove all those rooms,
the Speaker's rooms, the Sergeant-at-Arms's
rooms. &c.; so that by lifting windows we could
let in the air directly from the outside. This
can be done without disturbing the Speaker's
chair and without disturbing the reporter's gal-
lery, or the adjoining portion of the gallery for
the public, so far as the seats are concerned.
All this could be done at little expense with-
out going into scientific experiments, which
inay cost a great deal of money and prove fruit-
less. If we do this we will remedy the diffi-
culty, and will at all times' have pure air in this
Hall, whether we have pare politics in it or not.
Mr. JENCKES. I now yield three min-
utes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Covode.]
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, I have had a
good deal to do with trying experiments in re-
gard to the ventilation of this Hall. I have
selected some of the be3t scientific men of the
country, and got them to come and make a
thorough examination as to the density and
purity of the atmosphere here by day and by
night. I am satisfied now that until there is
ten times as much—yes, twenty times as much
fresh air forced in from the apparatus for that
purpose, with a floe ten times as large as the
present one, you will never get a sufficient
amount of fresh air from that quarter. The
Hall was constructed wrongly at first. We
should have had at least two outside fronts, so
as to have pare air. The Hall is so constructed
that you cannot get pure air except by arti-
ficial means, and then the quantity is entirely
insufficient. To carry oat the experiments
that I have had tried would cost from two hun-
dred thousand to one million dollars, a sum
that would build a new Hall with fresh air
coming into it.
Mr. Speaker, there is another trouble con-
nected with this matter. When the galleries
are fall we breathe the foul air from the gal-
leries. It descends in currents from the gal-
leries, and the current sets in from the other
side of the House and carries the foul air from
the other side of the House to this side. The
experiments that I hstve tried have demon-
strated that the foulest air in the House is that
immediately around where I stand. [Great
laughter. J It is carried here by the current
from the west side of the building. The manner
in which the House is lighted is another cause.
The thick glass of the ceiling with the gas above
it acquires sufficient heat to drive two or three
engines, and with that burning at nights over
our heads it is enough to destroy the health of
any person who sits here at night sessions.
Mr. JENCKES. I think the House must
now be satisfied that there are different opin-
ions on the subject of ventilation, and that the
committee need light in order to make a satis-
factory report.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
united states courts in wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
back, with an amendment in the nature of a
I substitute, the bill (S. No. 684) to change the
time for holding the circuit and district courts
of the United States for the district of Wis-
consin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am authorized and in-
structed by the Judiciary Committee to report
this substitute for the Senate bill. The bill
relates exclusively to the circuit and district
courts of the State of Wisconsin. There was
some little difference of opinion with reference
to the time the several terms should be held.
It was conceded on all hands that a change of
the time for commencing the terms was de-
sired. I introduced a bill in the House, and it
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Senator Carpenter introduced and procured
to be passed by the Senate a bill which came
here, and was also referred to the Judiciary
Committee. The only difference, the only dif-
ference of any materiality, was with reference
to the time for holding the terms. Since the
reference to the committee I have had an in-
terview with Senator Carpenter, and also with
Senator Howe, and with most of the members
of the House from our State, and I believe the
substitute is satisfactory to all, and also satis-
factory to our people. I feel certain there is
no objection to the bill as it is now proposed
to the House; and I will demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest mokky vs. h'cranik.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
I privilege. I call up tie report of the Commit-
tee of Elections 111 the case of Morey vs. Mc-
Cranie, from the fifth district of Louisiana.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to its considera-
tion, and ask a vote of the House.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to say, if the
House will hear me, that my colleague on the
committee, [Mr. Kerr,] who dissents from the
report of the committee, is obliged to go home
this week to attend his court. These parties
from the State of Louisiana have been attend-
ing on Congress for more than a year, and it is
very important, at least to them, that the case
should be disposed of. We shall not detain
the House more than one hour upon it. Both
parties have-agreed upon that.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want the House to de-
cide whether they will consider this case or the
tariff bill.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
43, noes 53; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schenckand
Mr. Stevexson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 73, noes 45.
So the House determined to consider the
contested-election case.
message from the president.
A message from the President, by Mr. Hor-
ace Porter, his Private Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed
bills and joint resolutions of the following
titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 887) for the relief of Har-
riet R. Clinton;
A bill (H. R. No. 888) for the relief of Joseph
Harmon;
A bill (H. R. No. 1100) for the relief of
William A. Scott, late first lieutenant of com-
pany P, fourteenth regiment Illinois volun-
teers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1886) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 122) donating
captured cannon for the purpose of construct-
ing a monument at West Point, New York;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 116) to con-
strue an act entitled "An act to amend an act
to confirm certain private land claims in the
Territory of New Mexico ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 779) to redefine a portion
of the boundary line between the State of
Nebraska and the Territory of Dakota.
enrolled joint kesomjtion.
Mr. FOX, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found trully enrolled a jointresolution (H.
II. No. 52) for the relief of Alfred P. Winslow,
of Portland, Maine ; when the Speaker signed
the same.
louisiana election case.
The House then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions upon the contested-election case from
the fifth congressional district of the State of
Louisiana.
The resolution reported by the committee
was read, as follows :
Setolved, That there was no lawful election in the
fifth congressional district of the State of Louisiana
"for Representatives in the Forty-First Congress,aixl
neither G. W. McCranie nor Frank Morey nor P. J.
Kennedy is entitled to a seat as Representative in the
Forty-First Congress from the fifth congressional
district of the State of Louisiana.
Mr. KERR. I move to substitute for the
resolution of the committee the following:
Resolved, That George W. MoCranie was duly
elected Representative to the Forty-First Congress
for the fifth congressional district of Louisiana at a
regular election held November 3.1868.
Mr. STEVENSON. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
-main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not intend to
detain the House long in the opening of this
«ase. The committee reported as they did in
deference to the action of the House in the
ease of Sypher, decided the other day. The
committee have endeavored to reconcile tho
action of the House in the two cases of Shel-
don and Sypher; and in doing so they accept
the judgment in the Sypher case and defer to
it, not as a reversal of but as a limitation upon
the rule adopted in the Sheldon case.
In the Sheldon case thispriuciple wassettled:
"that where it appears that certain precincts
and parishes of a district have been carried by
violence and. intimidation the Teturns thereof
shall be rejected, and the result derived from
the returns of the peaceable precincts and par-
ishes." In the Sypher case the House refused
to apply that rule. The committee, therefore,
accept the result in the Sypher case as a limit-
ation on the Sheldon case. They understand
the Honse to mean that, the rule adopted in
the Sheldon case shall not be applied unless
the person claiming the seat shall have a sub-
stantial following—a substantial constituency
in a substantial peaceable part of the district.
We do not undertake to fix the number of votes
he should have; but we understand the House
to have said that such a vote as Mr. Sypher
received, being about 8,000 votes in about one
third of the district, caanot sustain a claim to
a seat in this House.
The fifth congressional district of-Lonisiana
comprises thirteen parishes in the northeast-
ern corner of the State. It is a vast region of
territory, bounded on the east by the Missis-
sippi river, on the north by the State of Ark-
ansas, and extending westward to the Red
river.
It is charged by Mr. Morey, and denied by
Mr. McCranie, that in eight of these thirteen
parishes there was a prevalence of violence
and disorder which prevented a fairand law-
