1.870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4.957-
the bill (S. No. 893) to establish an additional'
land district in the State of Kansas.
The bill was read. It provides that all that
portion of the western district land district
created by the act approved March 3, 1857,
entitled "An act to establish three additional
land distripts in the Territory of Kansas,"
whicji is situated north of the township line
dividing townships ten and eleven south in said
State, shall constitute a new land district, to
be called the Republican land district. The
President is authorized, whenever the public
interests shall require, to appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate,, or during
the recess thereof, and until the end of the
next session of Congress after such appoint-
ment, a register and a receiver for the district
hereby created, who shall respectively be re-
quired to reside at the site of their offices,
have the same powers, responsibilities, and
emoluments, and be subject to the same acts
and penalties which are or may be prescribed
by law in relation to other land officers of the
United States in said State.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I desire to move
an amendment to this bill, to insert before the
■words " shall constitute" the words "and west
of the sixth principal meridian."
Mr. HOLMAN. Has this subject been con-
sidered at all by the Committee on the Public
Lands?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The chairman
of the committee has examined the bill; and
is satisfied with it.
There being no objection, the amendment
of Mr. Clarke, of Kansas; was adopted ; and
the bill) as amended, was passed.
duty on photographs.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 199) providing
for the admission of photographs for exhibition
free of duty.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that all photographic pictures imported into
the United States for exhibition at the exhibi-
tion of the National Photographic Association
of the United States, to be held at Cleveland,
O'hio, commencing June 7, 1870, and not in-
tended for sale, shall be admitted free of duty,
under such rules and regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall prescribe. But
bonds are to be given for the payment to the
United States of such duties as are now im-
posed by law upon any and all such pictures
as shall not be reexported prior to the 1st day
of October, 1870.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was read three times, and passed.
t7ilbkrf0k0e university.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 181) for the ben-
efit of Wilberforce University.
Mr. SHANKS. Let that be referred.
The SPEAKER. It will be read first, if
there be no objection.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to direct the Commissioner of the Bureau of
Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands,
out of the funds in that bureau for the educa-
tion of freedmen, to pay to Wilberforce Uni-
versity, situated in Greene county, Ohio, the
sum of $25,000 in aid of the objects of the
institution.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
The joint resolution was passed over.
bequest of till! lath edwin a. stevens'.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 197) giving the
consent of Congress to the reception of a cer-
tain bequest by the State of New Jersey under
the will of the late Edwin A. Stevens.
There was no objection, and the joint reso-
lution was read a first and second time.
The preamble states that Edwin A._ Stevens,
who was in his lifetime the owner of the ship
known as the Stevens battery, originally com-
menced under contract for the United States
Government, and upon the building of which
large sums of money were spent by his brother
and himself, did, by his last will and testament,
(the United States having previously relin-
quished all claims to said ship,) leave the same
to be finished by his executors at an expense
not exceeding the sum of $1,000,000, and
when finished to be offered to the State of
New Jersey as a present, to be by her received
and disposed of as the said State should deem
proper; and that doubts have been suggested
as to the right of the said State to accept the
said bequest without the consent,of Congress
under the prohibition of the tenth section of
the first article of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. It is therefore resolved that the
consent of Congress is hereby given that the
State of New Jersey shall receive and dispose
of t.he said ship according to the terms and
conditions of said bequest.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
revenue-cutter harriet lane.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
ajoint resolution (S. R. No. 200) for the relief
of Captain John Fauuce and other officers of the
revenue-cutter Harriet Lane.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 object.
The joint resolution was passed over.
point san jose reservation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Willard] withdraws his objection
to the bill (S. No. 241) to relinquish the interest
of the United States in certain lands to the city
and county of San Francisco.
There being no further objection, the bill
was taken up and read a first and second time.
The fiist section of the bill piovides that all
the right and title of the United States to the
military reservation in the city and county of
San Francisco, in the State of California,
known as the Poiut San Jos6 military reserva-
tion, be, and the same arc hereby, relinquished
and granted to the said city and county, and
its successors, for the uses and purposes as
follows: first to maintain all streets and alleys
as now laid out upon the official map of the
city of San Francisco; second, and then in
trust to grant and convey the remainder of said
lands to the parties severally who are, at the
date of the passage of this act, in the actual
bona fide possession thereof by themselves or
their tenants, and in such parcels as the same
are so held and possessed by them ; or who,
if they have not such possession, were deprived
thereof by the United States military author-
ities when they went into the occupancy of said
military reservation, or were deprived thereof
by intruders or trespassers, against whom pos-
session may be recovered by legal process;
third, to have and to hold all the residue, if
any, of said lands, for the use and benefit of'
said city, there being excepted from this relin-
quishment and grant all that certain piece or
parcel of land, portion of said reservation,
and which is bounded and described as fol-
lows, namely : commencing at a point in the
mean low-water shore line of the bay or en-
trance to the Bay of San Francisco, east of the
promontory of Point San Jose, where the same
is intersected by the westerly line of Van Ness
avenue; running thence southerly along the
said westerly line of Van Ness avenue to its
intersection with the northern line of Bay
street; thence westerly along the north side,
of Bay street to its intersection with the east-
ern line of Laguna street; thence northeny
aiong the said eastern line of Laguna street to
the westerly shore; thence in a northeasterly,
easterly, southeasterly, and southerly direction,
following the said shore line to the point or
place of beginning.
The second section provides that nothing in
this act contained shall interfere with or preju-
dice any valid adverse right or claim, it such
exist, to said land or any part thereof, whether
derived from Spain, Mexico, or the United
States, or preclude an examination and adjust-,
ment thereof by the courts.
The third section provides that all laws and:
parts_ of laws in Conflict with the provisions
of this act be, and the same are hereby, de-
clared inapplicable to the lauds hereinbefore
relinquished and granted.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to insert after the
words "shore line," in the first section, "to
and including the entire water-front between
Laguna street, and Van Ness avenu'e,*'
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
acting collectors of internal revenue.
Objection was withdrawn to a bill (S. No.
517) to define the intent of an act entitled
"An act to allow deputy collectors of internal
revenue acting as collectors th.e pay of col-
lector, and for other purposes." approved
March 1, 1839; and there being no further
objection, the bill was taken up and read the
first and second time.
The bill provides that the true intent and
meaning of an act approved March 1, 1869,
entitled "An act to allow deputy collectors of
internal revenue acting as collectors the pay
of collectors, and for other purposes," is as
follows, to wit: that any deputy collector of
internal revenue who has performed or may
hereafter perform, under authority of law, the
duties of collector of internal revenue incon-
sequence of any vacancy in the office of said
collector, shall be entitled to and shall receive
the salary and commissions allowed by law to
such collector, or the allowance in lieu of said
salary and commissions allowed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to such collector, arid that
the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to
make to the said deputy collector such allow-
ance in lieu of salary and commissions as he
would by law be authorized to make to said
collector. And said deputy collector shall not
be debarred from receiving said salary and
commissions, or allowance in lieu thereof, by
reason of the holding of another Federal office
by said collector daring the time for which
said deputy collector acts as collector; pro-
vided that all payments to said deputy col-
lector shall be upon duly audited vouchers.
Mi. PAINE. On the assurance that it does
not allow double salaries I withdraw my objec-
tion.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
thomas henderson.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynakjd] withdraws liis objec-
tion to the bill (S. No. 725) for the relief of
Thomas Henderson.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am satisfied from the
explanation of this case that the bill should
pa?s.
The bill was taken up, and read a first and
second time. It provides that Thomas Hender-
son, of Wayne county, Michigan, his heirs or
assigns, be entitled to enter at the proper land
office where the same lies the back conces-
sion of front concession No. 259, in the town-
ship of Ecorce, in said Wayne couuty, con-
taining eighty acres, more or less, at the sum
of $2 50 per acre, embracing the improve-
ments made upon said back concession by said
Henderson under a claim of preemption, the
same to be surveyed and laid off by the sur-
veyor general at the expense of said claimant,
and to be patented to him, his heirs or as-
signs, on full payment being made, provided
that the act shall not affcct the valid claim of
any other person to said land.
The bill was ordered toathird reading; and
it was accordingly lead the third time, and
passed.
branch mist, nkw orleans..
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 102) to restore to
