4958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29.
the city of New Orleans the property hereto-
fore occupied by the United States as a branch
mint.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
UNITED STATES BUILDING IN TRENTON.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 892) to provide for a building
suited to the use of the post office, the pension
and revenue officers, aud the judicial officers
of the United States in the city of Trenton,
New Jersey.
Mr. DAWES. I move thatthatbe referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. HILL. I hope the bill may be passed.
It passed the Senate without objection, and is
very much needed for t.he accommodation of
Government officers in Trenton.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I object.
The bill was passed over.
MILITARY WAGON-ROAD, OREGON.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 952) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a xnilitary
wagon-road from Albany, Oregon, to the east-
ern boundary of said State."
Mr. WELKER. I object.
GOVERNMENT OF THE DISTRICT.
The next, business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 594) to provide a government
for the District, of Columbia; which was read
a lirst and second time.
On motion of Mr. ALLISON, the bill was
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
FORT RIDGULY MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw my objection to
(he consideration of the bill (S. No. 351) for the
disposal of the lands within the Fort Ridgcly
military reservation, Minnesota.
Mr. McGREW. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I hope the
gentleman from West Virginia [Mr. McUkeiv] ,
will not persist in his objection." I will state
to him that the bill has beeti considered by the
Committee on the Public Lands, and is entirely
in the interest of the settlers who have settled
on the reservation, giving them means of
making good their title.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read ;
after which it will be open to objection, if any.
The bill was read. It provides that the
War Department having abandoned the Fort
ltidgely reservation, it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of War, immediately upon the pas-
sage of this act, to cause to be appraised the
Government improvements upon said reserva-
tion, and shall report the value thereof to the
Commissioner of the General Land Ofli:e,
designating the particular legal subdivision of
land upon which the same exist, and the lands
within said reservation not heretofore entered
and patented shall be subject to disposal under
the preemption laws of the United States, or
at private entry after public offering and for j
cash only, ar.d persons entering upon or pur-
chasing said lands shall pay the appraised value
of the Government improvements that may
appear to exist on their respective claims at
the date of proving up or of purchase at pri-
vate entry.
The second section provides that all entries
which have been made on lands within the limits
of said reserve, and for which the General Land
Office may have issued patents in regular form,
not having at the time knowledge of said re-
serve, be, and the same are hereby, confirmed ;
provided, the value of the Government improve-
ments thereon have been or shall be paid for
by the persons making said entries or by their
assigns ; and provided further, that the same
shall be paid for within one year from the pas-
sage of this act; and if the same are not paid
for within the time designated the Secretary
of the Interior is hereby authorized to and shall
immediately thereafter institute judicial pro-
ceedings against any and all of the said parties
or their assigns failing to make said payment,
with the view to vacate the patents which may
have issued.
The third section provides that all entries
heretofore made on said lands and not yet pat-
ented are hereby declared, at the discretion of
the Commissioner, null and void, and directed
to be canceled by the said Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and the lands embraced
therein shall be disposed of under the pro-
visions of this act.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Minnesota how much land is going
to be taken under this act?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The quantity
will be fifteen thousand acres on each side of
the river.' The land department desire to have
this land restored to market. They are through
with it and do not need it for a military reser-
vation any longer. By the courtesy of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
it was considered by the Committee on the
Public Lands, and lias their approval.
There being no objection, the bill was read
a first, second, and third time, and passed.
ST. CROIX AND LAKE SUPERIOR RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 187) extending
the time to construct a railroad from the St.
Croix river or lake to the west end of Lake
Superior to Bayfield.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I object.
Jilts. MARGARET A. LAURIE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 270) for the relief of Mrs. Mar-
garet A. Laurie.
The bill was read for information. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay t.o Mrs.
Margaret A. Laurie, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of 52,000 for rent, for her house and premises
in the District of Columbia, used by the United
States authorities for medical and hospital pur
poses, from June GO, 1802, to June 30, 1805,
in full of all demands or claims against the
United States in connection therewith.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask that this bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims,
Mr. OltTII. I must object.
The SPEAKER. The bill will resume its
place on the Speaker's table.
OREGON VOLUNTEERS.
The next business 011 the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 53) to pay two companies of
Oregon volunteers.
Mr. ALLISON. Let it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I hope the bill
will not be referred, but will be put on its
passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest that it go
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ASPER. i object to that.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. There is no appro-
priation in the bill, and 1 hope it will pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
act of Congress entitled "An act to authorize
the Secretary of War to settle and adjust the
expenses of the Rogue river Indian war,"
approved the 17th of July, 1854, shall be ex-
tended to the two companies of Oregon volun-
teers, commanded by Captains Jesse Walker
and Nathan Olnev, called into service to sup-
press Indian hostilities iu Oregon in 1854.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. 1 hope there will
be no objection to this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I think it should go to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think it should go to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the. bill will be returned to its place on the
Speaker's table.
HEIRS 01? COLONEL tVILLtAlt GATES.
The next business on the Speaker's table was !
a bill (S. No. 272) to settle the claim of the !
heirs of the late Colonel William Gates, of
the United States Army.
Mr. ALLISON. I think that bill should go
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Let it be read. '
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay the sum of $5,567 50 to
Mrs. L. H. Gates, widow of the late Colonel
William Gates, of the United States Army, who
acted as collector of revenue and military con-
tributions during the late war with Mexico,
it being the amount of his share of the pro-
ceeds of the sale of the schooner Oregon and
cargo, seized and confiscated in April, 1847,
at the port of Tampieo.
Mr. ALLISON. I think that should go to
the Committee on the Judiciary, as it seems to
be a pretty important matter.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Such matters have gen-
erally gone to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ALLTSON. Very well: let it go to the
Committee of Claims.
The bill was accordingly read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTIES.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 319) to extend the time for pre-
senting claims for additional bounties.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
time for presenting claims for additional boun-
ties granted to soldiers by the twelfth and thir-
teenth sections of the act of July 28,1866, shall
be extended until six months after the passage
of this act, after which time all claims for such
bounties not, presented in due form shall be
void: and that the fourth section of the act
approved March 3, 1869, entitled "An act in
relation to additional bounties, and for other
purposes," shall be repealed.
Mr. DAWES. Let that bill be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
No objection being made, the bill was read a
first and second time, and accordingly referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
SALE OF CHEROKEE LANDS.
The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 89) providing for
the sale of certain lands in the State cf Kansas
ceded to the United States in trust by the
Cherokee nation of Indians.
Mr. McGREW objected, and the bill was
returned to the Speaker's table.
EXPENSES OF INDIAN DELEGATIONS.
The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 217) to pay ex-
penses of delegations of Indians visiting the
city of Washington.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides for appropriating the sum of $00,000 to
enable the Secretary of the Interior to defray
the expenses of delegations of Indians visiting
Washington, and to purchase presents for the
members thereof iu the year 1870.
Mr. PITCH. I object to the passage of this
joint resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Let it be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. FITCH. I will not object to that.
The joint resolution was accordingly read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
PENSION SURGEONS.
The nextbusiness on the Speakers table was
a bill (S. No. 839) amending an act entitled
"An act to grant pensions," approved July
14, 1862.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask that that bill may
be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Mr. PROSSER. I hope it will not be re-
ferred ; let it be passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to its passage.
Mr. PROSSER. I object to its reference.
The bill was accordingly returned to the
Speaker's table.
