4014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
As I said before, the idea to me is very pre-
posterous, very illusory, to say to the white
man whose property has been stolen or de-
stroyed by Indians that he shall have the mag-
nificent privilege of appealing to Congress for
redress and indemnification! He brings his
claim here at the next session of Congress after
the damage has been committed, and presents
it. to one or the other of the two Houses of
Congress ; and here it will remain and be under
discussion in the Indian Committees and in the
Judiciary Committees, and in no matter how
many other committees, for months and months
and years and years, until the patience and
means of the claimant are utterly exhausted,
and he goes home in despair and in poverty,
execrating the Government that has held out
to him this vain and empty privilege of asking
indemnity at the hands of Congress; and ulti-
mately, perhaps, a report will appear from some
learned committee that the tribe itself is not
in any way responsible for the wrong commit-
ted by its members, and the claimant is there-
fore turned over to the Court of Claims, or to
some other court, and never gets his pay.
Now, sir, I am opposed to all this. The sim-
ple principle is the one embodied in the old
act; it is the duty of the Indian government,
whatever it may be, to see to it that its mem-
bers, its subjects, do not commit depredations
upon innocent and peaceable people by whom
they are surrounded. It is as much the duty
of an Indian government to sea to this as it is
the duty of a civilized Government to do the
same thing and prevent its subjects from com-
mitting depredations upon their neighbors.
And here, sir, the mode of indemnity is sim-
ple. We are paying to this offending tribe of
Indians its annuity year after year; and where
its members have thus committed depredations
upon the property or the persons of our own
citizens, it is nothing but just that indemnifi-
cation should be taken out of this annuity which
is due to the tribe. It is simply making the
Indian nation responsible for the conduct of
its subjects, a principle which applies to all
other nations, whether savage or civilized; and
I would not hold out this empty and delusive
hope to a party whose property has been robbed
and carried off by the Indians, of coming to
Congress, and at the end of his own life or the
life of his remotest heir, finally obtaining the
splendid gratification of having a report of a
committee of this or the other House against
the claim which, in ninety-nine cases out of
one hundred, probably would be the result. It
is all moonshine, sir. 1 would not give one
mill upon $1,000 for as many such claims as
you could pile into a horse-cart. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I desire simply to make a sug-
gestion to the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan. I should like him, in all his experience
as a lawyer and on the frontier, where he
spent much of his life, to give one instance
where an Indian ever was known to be a plain-
tiff in court. Sir, while it is true that there is
no court among the Indian tribes to try white
men for their offenses, it is just as true that
there is nocourtamong white men for Indians
to try their cases. Not only that, but they are
debarred from your courts by statute law.
What does the honorable Senator mean when
he says that, the whites have no Indian courts
to go to? The Indians have no white courts
to go to. I challenge any lawyer on this floor
to show a case where an Indian has been plain-
tiff or defendant iu a court, from a justice's
court up. I speak of uncivilized Indians.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my honorable friend
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 understood him to say
that statute law prohibited an Indian from
bringing suits in the courts of the whites. Is
that so ?
Mr. NYE. I think SO.
Mr. THURMAN. If so, it is a very great
disgrace to the country. I hope it is not so.
Mr. NYE. I think I can find it. I will try
to give it to the honorable Senator. But., Mr.
President, it is a fact, and I know it to be so,
that there never wa3 a case tried where an
uncivilized Indian was a plaintiff in a court;
I do not speak of criminal offenses, of course.
I have had occasion to look at this matter in
all its features when Indians to the number
of twenty thousand were under my charge.
There is no remedy for them.
Now, let me tell the honorable Senator from
Michigan that the depredations are not all by
the Indians. Take the Pi-Ute tribe of Indians
in the State of Nevada, a tribe that are re-
markable for their horsemanship; almost every
one of them is the owner of a horse. To my
certain knowledge white men have made in-
cursions to steal their horses; and where is
their remedy ? Who ever heard of Congress
allowing a claim to the Indians for depreda-
tions committed by the whites ? No, Mr. Presi-
dent ; it is a case full of difficulty, and you have
got to look at this matter as regarding one
party in a sense defenseless, while the other
is strong; and in behalf of the defenseless one
I ask that some protection be thrown, around
their annuities in this way. Is it right that
where ten men out of a thousand commit a
depredation the' nine hundred and ninety
should suffer? Would my honorable friend
take the bread from the mouths of ninety-nine
hundred for the offenses of one hundred ?
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator wishes an
answer I will endeavor to give him one. Those
nine hundred ho will observe, according to the
hypothesis upon which he is proceeding, are
the members of an Indian tribe, and are the
subjects of the government of that Indian tribe.
It is the duty of that government—that is to
say, of the whole tribe—to make good the dam-
ages which are occasioned by its subjects. Is
not that the law of nations between civilized
countries? Well then, sir, if that be the duty
of the tribe 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Senator from Maine
will state his point of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask that the
fourth rule be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine rises to a question of order, and
asks that the fourth rule be read. The Sec-
retary will read the fourth rule of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator be good
enough to state his point of order?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is founded
on the fourth rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"■!. No Senator shall speak more than twice in any
one debate on the same day without leave of the
Senate, which question shall be decided without
debate."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Chair
understands the Senator from Maine to make
a point of order that the Senator from Michi-
gan has spoken twice.
Mr. HOWARD. I can only say that that
does not, as I understand it, apply to me. I
think I have committed no breach of that rule,
sir. But I beg to admonish the honorable
Senator from Maine, if he is to be thus curt
with his brethren in this body, that he will be
called to order many a time and oft hereafter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not unlikely ;
but nobody will submit with better grace.
Mr. HOWARD. I know that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The honorable
Senator will see the propriety of my inter-
position, I think, when he perceives that this
debate has become so desultory that gentle-
men occupy the floor by speaking three or four
times. If we are to make progress with this
bill we certainly have got to observe some-
thing like the rules. The Senator will hardly
suppose that I should take any particular satis-
faction in calling attention to the rule.
Mr. HOWARD. '' I beg to remark thatl was
using a portion of the time of my honorable
friend on my left, [Mr. Nye,] who put me a
question and I rose to.reply to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not advised whether the Senator from Mich-
igan has spoken twice before in this debate or
not. The Chair must leave that, not having
been in the chair all the time, to the Senator
from Michigan himself. The Chair is of opin-
ion that speaking in the wny the Senator from
Michigan now does would be within the rule,
provided he had spoken twice before, which
the Chair does not know.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course I did
notdesign to interrupt the Senator particularly,
but both the Senator from Michigan and the
Senator from Nevada had spoken twice, and
they were both up, and as 1 thought I could
kill two birds with one stone, it seemed to me
a good opportunity to have the rule read.
[Laughter.] And such birds, too ! [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. No doubt it would be a
very happy hit. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will take the
earliest opportunity to make all suitable apol-
ogies; but I extremely desire to get on with
the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
desires to go on I hope he will have the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to finish what he
was saying.
Mr. HOWARD. I had very nearly closed
the answer to the Senator from Nevada.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will ask the Senator from Michigan whether he
has spoken twice on this subject before?
Mr. HOWARD. This is the second time 1
have been on the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Chair overrules the point of order, inasmuch
as the Senator from Michigan is now speaking
only for the second time, as he says.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is the third
time; but I make no question of veracity with
the honorable Senator, of course.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, sir, if the honorable
Senator from Maine wishes to try the question
of veracity I shall be able to meet him there.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; I de-
clined to make any such question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan will proceed.
_ Mr. HOWARD. I was remarking that the
nine hundred persons to whom the honorable
Senator from Nevada alluded, according to
his hypothesis, were subjects of am Indian gov-
ernment. One hundred of them have com-
mitted depredations upon the people settled
in their vicinity; add that to his hypothesis.
It is, under the law of nations, civilized and
savage, the duty of the whole community sub-
ject to the Government to indemnify, to make
good those depredations. Now, sir, the duty
of the Indian government to furnish this in-
demnity is none the less because a portion of
the tribe may be in a starving condition. That
is their misfortune if they are in that condition.
It arises from their Indian, nomadic, savage
habits, habits which are utterly inconsistent
with those of a white man. They starve because
they will not work, as white and civilized men
do. Is there any complaint to be made in such
a case as that? I think not.
But the point which I make is that the whole
tribe is responsible for the wrongs done by its
members; and we have a right, as a separate
Government by ourselves, to insist that this
Indian nation shall indemnify our citizens for
the outrages committed upon them, and that
they shall do this by the peaceful mode of
allowing us to withhold so much of their an-
nuities as shall be sufficient to satisfy a just
indemnification.
_ Mr. RAMSEY. The reason why an indi-
vidual Indian cannot be pursued in the courts
of law is obvious. He has no individual prop-
