168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. oe1 Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Brooks.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
interior, but large exporters to the West In-
dies, to Central and South America, to China,
and to some other parts of the world. But
already, nearly all of that profitable export
trade has ceased because of the enormous
duties which we have to pay in various forms;
and if this proposed duty on hair-cloths shall be
imposed no hair-cloth covered articles can ever
go from our country, and the poorer classes of
our people at home can but ill afford furniture
covered with hair-cloth.
Ertrart, from, a letter from a house in Ncio York, deal-
ing in this article, to Hon. James Brooks, dated Feb-
ruary 23,1870.
We herewith beg to hand you a schedule of the
rates of duty ad valorem to which the proposed new
specific duty of 45 cents porsquare yard would subject
the article of hair-cloth for furniture:
Inolles.
On width  14 equal to.
On width 15 equal to.
On width  1G equal to.
On width.  17 equal to.
On width   18 equal to.
On width 19 equal to.
On width  20 equal to.
On width  21 equal to.
On width  22 equal to.
On width   23 equal to.
On width  24 equal to.
On width  25 equal to.
On width  26 equal to.
On width  27 equal to.
On width  28 equal to.
On width  29 equal to.
Per cent.
  65.37
 G5.35
 63.35
  61.77
  C0.32
  58.64
  58.00
  57.20
  51.25
 51.85
  49.02
  48.00
  47.21
  42.02
  39.80
 37.92
The most current widths aro from 14 to 26 inches;
(ho increase is therefore on tlio avorapro ovor 20 per
cent., which prohibits the importation of tho article.
The article boms perfectly plain, the value is easily
ascorlaincd.
linseed and j,ix.smoi.) oil.
My honorable friend from Ohio [Mr.
Sciiexok] has got many good things in this
bill, lie has done his duty to his constituents
in the distribution of the spoils of victory. I
will do him the justice to say that when New
Knglund demanded so much, and Pennsylva-
nia so much more, the farmers of the Dayton
district and the surrounding country have had
as much in this bill as they could well get, and
lie has looked well to their interests there. Wo
begin with the duty on linseed oil. The duty
on linseed oil is now 23 cents per gallon ; this
bill proposes to raise it to 30 cents per gallon.
The duty on the seed is 10 cents per bushel;
it is proposed to raise it to 20 cents. Now, it
seems to me that if there is a "raw material"
in this country which should cotno in free it
is linseed, because it is a raw material enter-
ing largely into manufactures of all kinds. It
is an element in putty, house, ship, and car-
riage painting, white-lead and zinc paints,
colors, oil-cloth, table-covers, oil-silk, var-
nishes, patent leather, enameled cloth, print-
ers' lithographic ink, and a great many other
articles. It seems to me that the linseed peo-
ple of Ohio and elsewhere West, with the
richest of soils, have sullieient protection in
the enormous distance of the Hasl Indies from
our Atlantic ports and the heavy freights from
the Indian ocean, around the Cape of Good
Hope, say to New York or Boston, with com-
missions, insurance, &c., amounting, itisesti-
rnated, to 45 or 50 per cent. But if that were
not enough, the transportation from New York
beyond the Alleghanies upon railroads, under
heavy railroad freight, amounting to 8 or 10
cents per gallon, is a sufficient protection in the
thus increased cost there ; and little or no lin-
seed is produced this side of the Alleghanies
as an article of commerce. But my honorable
friend has not been content with the present
enormous duty of 23 cents per gallon, but pro-
poses an increase of 7 cents a gallon more,
making 30 cents and an additional 4 cents per
bushel on the seed.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman, but I should like to say a word.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. As I owe the
floor to the courtesy of the gentleman, I yield,
of course.
Mr. SCHBNCK. The gentleman is making
his remarks just now under a misapprehension.
The increase of duty upon linseed oil, so far as
it has been considered, has been in answer to
the prayer of the linseed-oil makers of New
York. The West cares nothing about it. Bat
the only condition upon which we could get
some protection to the flax, which is the lin-
seed of the West, was that they should have
continued protection to the oil which they
manufacture out of foreign seed. I desired to
set the gentleman right upon that point.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Now, in reply,
let me show my honorable friend what a naughty
and wicked bargain a few people made for their
mutual benefit, without regard to consumers.
I ask the Clerk to read a resolve passed at a
meeting of linseed-crushers held at Pittsburg,
in which they propose this bargain, and which
has been accepted by the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Resolved, That the following rates of duties be
asked for by all the American crushers from the next
Congress at Washington: a duty on linseed of 20cents
per bushel, no drawback to bo allowed on exported
linseed cake; and that the standard of weight for a
bushel of imported seed be the same as of domestic
seed, 56 pounds; andthata duty of 30 cents per gallon
bo asked for on oil imported into the United States,
and that the weight of a gallon bo tho same as of
oil manufactured in the United States, namely, 7!
pounds."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is the
very thing our committee has reported.
Mr. SCHENCK. But the drawback being
taken off that has taken away that character of
increase upon oil to which the gentleman has
referred.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I cite the
document to show that they settled the matter
to their own satisfaction. I do not suppose that
there are two hundred of them in the country,
and yet they \vould have this enormous duty
imposed for their benefit upon all the painters,
cloth and leather manufacturers, and white-lead
consumers of the country. These men are in
my district as well as in the district of the hon-
orable gentleman from Ohio, [Mi*. Scuestck.]
I represent them as well as he does. My con-
stituents crush linseed, andhis constituents pro-
duce it; while I represent a commerce besides,
which in 1868 freighted from Calcutta 95,000
tons linseed, which at $10 50 earned $1,000,000,
and which the bill in a good degree now pro-
poses to do away with.
jute and jute butts*.
Jute and jute butts are other articles which
ray honorable friend has had given him in this
bill. Jute is a raw material for burlaps, pad-
ding, coarse canvas, carpet yarns and twines ;
and Commissioner Wells recommends itto come
in duty free, while the bill before us imposes a
duty of $15 per ton. England, says the Com-
missioner, imported in 1868 218,000,000 pounds
free of duty, the United States only about
8,000,000 pounds, and the result is, England
sends over manufactured jute, when, if the
article were free, wc could as well manufacture
all ourselves. About half of the bagging manu-
factured in this country is made from jute and
jute butts, and the bagging intei*est is a vast
interest to the cotton and grain growing sections
of our land.
My honorable friend has especially laid him-
self out on jute b'utts j the duty, now $6 per
ton on an article worth only $4 per ton, his
bill lifts up to $10, and in gold, too—twice and
a half the original costl This article is an
article of great interest in my trade, journalism,
and I mean to fight it out -with him on this line,
tooth and nail, and I call upon the craft to
help) for the cheaper the raw material for
paper the cheaper can we sell newspapers to
the people. I submit the following facts :
Office of J. C. Rogers & Co.,
No. 89 Beaver Street,
New York, February 30,1870.
Hon. James Brooks:
By your request we present for your consideration
a few statistics oil juto butts:
Bales.
Stock on hand in United States, January 1,1869, 2,960
Imported from January 1,1869, to January 1,
1870    52,858
Total supply, 18G9  55,818
Stock in importer's hands, January 1,1870  4,725
Stock in manufacturer's hands January 1,
1870  12,578
17,303
Consumption for 1866.3-8,515 bales [ now on tho way
from and loading at Calcutta for United States, 17,529
bales.
Of the 38,515 bales consumed in 1869 fully 18,000 to
20,000 bales were taken by paper manufacturers, of
which manufacturers "William Russell & Son, of
Lawrence, Massachusetts, are reported to have used
5,000 to 6,000 bales; Hamlin & Forbes, of Burnside,
Connecticut, about 3,000, and others in proportion.
We inclose alistot the manufacturers and mills using
juto butts.
We have the honor to be yours, very truly,
J. C. ROGERS & CO.
tax ox pai'ek and newspapers.
The following mills reported as using jute
butts during the past year :
O. Woodworth, New London, Connecticut; John
Robertson, New London,Connecticut: James Bing-
ham, Lisbon, Connecticut; Obemauer Paper Com-
pany, Lisbon, Connecticut; C. II. Dexter & Sons,
Windsor Locks, Connecticut; Hamlm & Forbes,
Burnside, Connecticut; Chilton Paper Company,
Clinton, Connecticut; Reed Manufacturing Com-
pany, Lisbon, Connecticut; C.W. Robertson, Mont-
ville, Connecticut: Ella Paper Company, Madison,
Connecticut; Bunce Paper Company, South Man-
chester, Connecticut; Cushman Brothers. North Am-
herst, Massachusetts; Russell Paper Company, Law-
rence, Massachusetts; William Russell & Son, Law-
rence, Massachusetts; W. II. Blauvelt & Co., Lee,
Massachusetts; Ilunter Paper Company, Glendaie,
Massachusetts; George Ripley & Co., Lowell,Massa-
chusetts; George S. Sheldon, Mill River, Massachu-
setts; Taylor Cook & Co., South Hadley, Massachu-
setts; IIolHngsworlh Whitney, Watertown, Massa-
chusetts; H. 0. Russell, Belfast, Maine; William
Russell & Son,Belfast,Maine; Ames &Clugh,Hold-
erness, New ilampshire, Sciibner, Drake & Co.,
Ilolderness, New Hampshire, Houghton & Hunt,
Bennington, Vermont; Durant & Adams, Wells
River, Vermont; West & Taggart, Watertown, New
York; Gcorgo West <fc Sons, Ballston, New York ;
Manning & Peckhain,Troy,New York: Benjamin &
Waugh, Fulton, New York; Ilowland & Co., Sandy
Hill, Now York ; Glens Falls Paper Company, Glens
Falls, New York; Olympus Mills, Trov, New York;
Nescochague Mills, Eilnoor Station,New Jersey; J.
C. Weeder Co., Lambcrtsville, New Jersey; White
<fe Passman, llobokcn, New Jersey ; William C. Mc-
Creedy,Lambertsville,New Jersey; Cleveland Paper
Company, Cleveland, Ohio; T. Magarge & Co., Phil-
adelphia, Pennsylvania; Macfarland & Brother,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; E. B. Guil, West Ches-
ter, Pennsylvania; liolyoke Manilla Company, IIol-
yoke, Massachusetts.
Another letter written to me from New York,
February 7, says:
Pounds.
The total quantity of jute butts consumed
in the United States during 1869 was ex-
actly 50,360 bales of 325 pounds each, or 16,337,000
The total quantity of cotton bagging made
during the same year was—say 6,000,000
yards, of which one half was made of ,i ute
butts—-say3,000,000yards. The New York
Bagging Company consumed 2 and 6-10
pounds of stock to one yard of bagging
made; and on this basis the 3,000,000
yards of bagging took of butts  7,800,000
Paper makers must have consumed  8,537,000
I have no doubt this estimate is substan-
tially correct.
bagging, etc.
But my honorable colleague on the commit-
tee from Ohio will tell you no matter for jour-
nalism or paper manufacturers, cloths, or bag-
ging, down East, or elsewhere, the fiax-growers
in or abouthis district must be protected. Well,
