1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
who could throw the weight of their party
power in this body either with the one branch
of our party or the other, and thus dictate the
terms of reconstruction.
It was under these circumstances that, in
caucus, I submitted a proposition to my fellow
Republican Senators that a committee of seven
be appointed to take up all the various propo-
sitions and try to reconcile them if possible,
and to agree upon a proposition, and to report
it to the caucus and finally to the Senate; and
it was adopted, and a committee composed of
the Senator from Maine, (Mr. Fessenden,)
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
the Senator from Massachusetts^ [Mr.SuMNER,]
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] the
Senator from New Jersey, (Mr. Frelinghuy-
sen,) the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,]
and myself—seven in all was formed.
These seven Senators took all the various
bills in a committee-room of this body, and
step by step they analyzed them, and agreed
on every proposition except one. The Sen-
ator from Illinois, who was a member of that
committee, will bear me witness they agreed
on every distinct proposition except one, and
that was only as to a matter of form. I remem-
ber the keen and forcible argument of the Sen-
ator from,Maine, not now here among us, (Mr.
Fessenden,) in which he contended that this
particular provision, now the subject of con-
troversy, was not at all necessary. Why ? We
Unanimously agreed that in the election of del-
egates to the convention every male citizen
should vote without, distinction of color. We
agreed that the conduct and action of the con-
vention, and the constitution itself, and the
whole proceedings should be submitted to us
for our ratification.
The Senator from Maine contended that it
was not necessary to insert in the bill a clause
requiring them to insert suffrage in their State
constitution, because, as the convention itself
was elected by universal suffrage, it would not
be possible or probable that they would exclude
from voting by the constitution a portion of
those who aided in electing the delegates to the
couvention, and as all the proceedings were to
be submitted to us, we could subsequently at a
different stage of reconstruction raise the ques-
tion as to whether the constitution was repub-
lican in form. There was the argument; and
I think I am not mistaken, I think my friend
from Massachusetts will concur with me, that
we all agreed that universal suffrage should be
the basis of reconstruction in the southern
Stales at that time* Even our Democratic
friend from Maryland (Mr. Johnson) had pro
posed it, and there certainly was no greatclaim
of merit in any Republican Senator then pro-
posing that universal suffrage should be made
the basis of reconstruction when Mr. Reverdy
Johnson had himself two days before that pro-
posed it in the Senate.
Mr. President, that was the only question
upon which there was a material difference of
opinion, and that was only as to a question of
form, because all these gentlemen believed
that the result of the proceedings there would
lead to the adoption in those States of universal
suffrage as a part of their constitutions. Some
of the Senators opposed making that a condi-
tion-precedent in the State constitutions. The
question was in dispute, and my own impres-
sion is now that the committee stood nearly
equally divided, perhaps four to three—four
against inserting this condition and three for it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there were only
two for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am quite sure the Sen-
ator is mistaken, because there were the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, the Senator from
Michigan,, and the Senator from Wisconsin
who I know were in favor of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there were but two.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is neither here nor
there. It turned not upon a question of prin-
ciple, but upon a mere question of detail as to
the best mode and manner of bringing up uni-
versal suffrage. My recollection is, though I
do not pretend to be exact about it, that in
this condition, after we had gone through the
bill word for word, analyzed it and put it to-
gether partly, I proposed myself that this con-
troversy about this condition-precedent in the
constitutions should be submitted to the cau-
cus. I know upon my request the caucus was
convened. And then I stated to the caucus 
Mr. SUMNEU. Allow me to interrupt my
friend. I can tell him  
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather not yield
now, because I want to give my recollection,
not the Senator's.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to say just what
the Senator said at that time. I remember it
perfectly.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has already
said that. He has already said that I said he
could present the question to the caucus. My
impression is, but I would not pretend to ver-
ify this with absolute certainty, that I made
the remark, that as this was the only point in
controversy between us, and we had to have a
caucus, we had better submit it to the caucus
of our fellow-Republicaus. We did so, and we
went in there. My impression is, and I have
consulted with some Senators, that I said the
committee were able to agree upon a recon-
struction bill with the single exception of one
clause, and that thereupon the Senator's col-
league [Mr. Wilson] moved thatthatparticular
clause, which was in the Blaine amendment,
and which was in several other bills then before
ns, and that werebeingconsidered by us, should
be adopted. On that motion made by him,
according to ray recollection, a vote was taken
and perhaps a majority of two was in favor
of it.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Made by whom?
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that it
was made by the Senator from Massachusetts
nearest to me, [Mr. Wilson,] but undoubtedly
the other Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] made it in committee and advocated
it. It is amazing to me that he, with all the
light that has been thrown on this subject, with
his record blazoned all over the country, should
now seek to spend time to show 
Mr. SUMNER. I beg my friend's pardon.
I did not seek it; but the Senator from Nevada
came here to day and made an assault on mc,
and I felt it my duty to make this explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, neither
the Senator from Massachusetts nor any other
Senator can claim any great merit in voting for
universal suffrage in February or March, 1867.
His record was made long before that, aud a
record of which he is now proud.
Mr. SUMNER. No, sir; the Senator is
mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not proud of it?
Mr. SUMNER. No.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed if the Sen-
ator was proud of anything he was prond of
that. He ought to be proud of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg to remind the Sen-
ator that I have done nothing bat my duty. If
I had done less I should be a recreant.
Mr. SHERMAN. A man ought to be proud
when he has done his duty. The greet Eng-
lish admiral when he went into battle inspired
the courage of his men by those memorable
words, " England expects every man to do his
duty." I think when a man does his duty he
ought to be proud of it; and therefore I speak
it in no reproach.
Mr. President, that bill was framed by a
Republican caucus. It was reported to the
Senate, and was passed here at four o'clock
of the morning of the 15th or 16th of Febru-
ary, 1867. I have given its history and the
circumstances under which it was -passed.
I do not think it is necessary to prolong this
debate. I appeal to Senators, as we have
before us a bill upon which there is no ques-
tion of controversy—as every Senator would
vote for the proposition to admit the State of
Mississippi, and the only question is whether
we shall adopt certain conditions or not—let
us, in the name of Heaven, without going into
any questions of history or any questions of
personal merits or demerits, have a vote upon
this bill, so that we may meet to-morrow and
go on with the business in charge of my hon-
orable friend from Maine, [Mr. Hamlix.1
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts said in the outset that
he did not commence controversy with any-
body. That shows how perfectly unconscious
he must be of his course in the Senate. " I
never make an attack on a Senator; I never
begin any controversy," he once before said.
The records of this Senate will not bear any
man out in such a statement. But when the
Senator from Massachusetts and myself were
on the most friendly relations, when nothing
had occurred between us to mar those relations,
and while I was advocating the admission of
: Virginia as innocently and as earnestly as pos-
sible, not thinking that I was deserting the
principles of the Republican party, the Senator
from Massachusetts used the following lan-
guage :
"Something has been said by different Senators of
plighted faith. Sir, there is a faith that is plighted;
and by that I will stand, God willing, to the end.
Let the Senator from Nevada desert; lethimjoining
the Democrats tuko the other coarse; but I stand
firm by tho plighted faith of this great Republic."
Mr. SUMNER. Read on; read the next
s6d t/0!) c6
Mr. STEWART. Oh, I beg your pardon;
I am not your reading clerk. [Laughter.]
Who made the first attack ? After he had
made that attack I referred to the fact that he
had opposed the fifteenth amendment; and I
challenged him then to say whether or not he
voted for that amendment to the Constitu-
tion. Now he gets up here and reads his
biography. Nobody questions his biography.
Nobody questions that he issued the pamphlets
that he lias read. But are they in laws?
Have they been reduced to form? The point
is not whether he has said a great many things
in behalf of equal rights, but whether he has
been practical; whether he has ever been in
favor of the bill under consideration to secure
equal rights; whether he has not dealt in
generalities, and occupied in abstractions the
time that ought to have been used in legisla-
tion ; and whether he has by that acquired a
position that authorizes him to read out of the
party me or any other Senator that is trying to
do his duty ; whether he has a right to issue a
bull of excommunication ; whether he is the
Pope of the Senate to issue his thunderbolts
of anathema! It seems that he is the only
" principle" in the Senate. I know complaint
is made of our occupying time ; but the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is our only principle;
and can we not discuss principle ? He is the
only man that lectures us on principle when
we want to legislate ; ana we may as well oc-
cupy the time of the Senate in discussing this
principle.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STEWART. No; I will not yield to
anybody.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was only going to ask
him to end a controversy. He says he never
begins one,
Mr. STEWART. Now, how much has the
Senator from Massachusetts proved of the pre-
! ci.se issue that I made, that he was not the
author of that provision? How much has he
I proved to entitle him to this high-sounding
;! pretension?
1 " Cut the Senator dwelt especially on the first ae'
!' of reconstruction, known as 'the act to provide for
the more efficient government of the rebel States.
I: and charges that I did not vote for it. This assault
to-day compels me to make a statement now wbicn
I never supposed I should be called to make, i
make it now with hesitation, but rather to sn°w n 
his course than my own. Sir, I am the author oi tno
provision in that act conferring suffrage."
He says he is i he author of the provision in
that act for conferring suffrage.
