1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3071
Mr. KERR. What statement?
Mr. PAINE. The statement the gentleman
has just read. . . , .
Mr. KERR. Yea, sir; it argues in favor of
Mr. McCranie.
Mr. PAINE. I do not understand the lan-
guage of the report when it says "another
objection to the claim of the contestee."
Mr. KERR. That is a misprint. I want to
call the attention of the House to another re-
rrarkable fact in connection with the election.
The parish of Washita is one of the largest in
the district. I believe it may be said to be the
metropolitan parish of the district. It is the
one in which the representative men, to a great
extent, reside. The Republican party had some
of its ablest representatives in that parish, and
the colored electors in it were to the white
electors as two to one. In tfcat parish there
was conducted a fair, open campaign on the
part of both parties. Yet in Washita, under
all these circumstances, where there were none
of this alleged intimidation and violence, the
Democratic party carried the parish by a clear
and honest majority of 244. _ |
No allegation of violence is made against it i
by Mr. Morey himself, or even of fraud in any ;
of its returns, and the only fraud committed
there is believed to have been in his interest.
He does not contest Mr. McCranie's right to
that parish. He does not deny that the elec-
tion there was legally held and conducted to
its close in all respects. Yet here might most
justlyhave been expected trouble if in any
part of the district.
Mr. STEVENSON. We differ abontthat.
Mr. KERR. How?
Mr. STEVENSON. The fact is this, that
according to the evidence there were disorders
there, but it was not the interest either of Mr.
McCranie or Mr. Morey to have that parish
thrown out, for if this had been done Mr. Ken-
nedy would have come in.
Mr. KERR. Does the gentleman mean to
8ngge8t that in making his report he has acted
on that view of the case?
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir; I acted on
the testimony. There was testimony, but not
enough to satisfy the committee as to these
disorders. The motive is clear enough. If
Washita had been thrown out then Mr. Ken-
nedy, who was running as an independent,
would have come in ahead of both the others.
But Mr. Kennedy was not contesting the seat
with any zeal before the committee, and con-
sequently the testimony was not brought be-
fore the committee.
Mr. KERR. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. That parish gave Mr. McCranie 1,066
votes, Mr. Morey 822, and Mr. Kennedy 27;
so that its rejection could only have affected
Mr. Morey injuriously, not Mr. McCranie at
all, for his majority would still have been
triumphant. Besides, Mr. Kennedy did prose-
cute his claim.
Mr. STEVENSON. I said not with any
zeal.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Morey did not deny that
the election in that parish was a fair, legal,
and orderly election. Neither did Mr. Ken-
nedy. Neither does the testimony show in
any part or paragraph of it that the election in
this parish was not orderly. Yet both parties
produced witnesses before the committee; and
if any other condition of things had existed in
that parish, why was it that it was not brought
to the knowledge of the committee in some
way?
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that in one par-
ticular I am at fault. I believe Mr. Kennedy
does charge, in reference to this parish, that
Mr. Morey, who now claims a seat here, did
get up some sort of intimidation and violence
in order to control the suffrages of colored
men as against both Mr. Kennedy and Mr.
McCranie. But the evidence does not sustain
his charge.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is what I say.
Mr. Kennedy abandoned his case. And it was
not in the interest of the other parties to pur-
sue that branch of the testimony.
Mr. KERR. I hope the House also will
remember that in this case the Governor, act-
ing upon the returns made to him, certifies that
Mr. McCranie, who now claims the seat, and
in whose favor I report, was legally elected to
represent the fifth congressional district of
Louisiana in this House. Mr. McCranie bears
that legal certificate to-day. He bears the
legal evidence of title to a seat in this House.
And if it had been in the power or author-
ity of Governor Warmoth or of the board of
State canvassers upon the returns which were
made to them to have brought about a different
result, it is entirely justifiable on my part to
assume, and to ask this House to assume, that
Governor Warmoth would have done so, and
would have denied this certificate to Mr. Mc-
Cranic. It is also true that before this cer-
tificate was issued by the Governor, Mr. Morey,
who now claims the seat, was allowed to be
heard by the Governor, and to enter hi3 pro-
test against its being issued, and to make such
a case as he could in order to prevent the
Governor from acting as he did.
There is some objection made to the returns
from two of the parishes—I mean the parishes
of Jackson and Franklin. Now, I want, Mr.
Speaker, to say generally in reference to the
returns, not alone from those parishes, but from
all parts of the State, that inasmuch as the
parties to these contests in this and in the
other districts have in almost all cases failed
to charge fraud or irregularity in the making
up of the returns, or dishonesty or corruption
as to any of the poll-lists, we have not felt
called upon with any care or strictness to look
into or examine all those returns in detail,
because the parties themselves have conceded
that they were generally regalar and truthful;
that they were'fair and honest, that they do
in fact show the precise result which was at-
tained by that election as regards the number
of votes that were cast. In all these parishes
it is sought to set aside the returns, for the
general reason of intimidation, violence, out-
rage, murder, and vague charges of that kind.
So it is in reference to these two parishes of
Jackson and Franklin.
There were some little irregularities in mak-
ing the returns from those parishes which,
nnder all the rules that have been established
by this House and by the highest judicial tri-
bunals of the country, were merely neglects
strictly to observe requirements of the local
statutes, which are only directory in their
character and hava never been held to inval-
idate or annul or justify the rejection of any
returns that are so made. The failure of the
officer who had to make the returns to make
them in precise accordance with the forms of
law has never been held to operate to inval-
idate the returns or to justify their rejection,
but it ia always held, both by legislative bodies
and by the courts of the country, that the
supreme object and the highest duty of every
tribunal of this kind is and always should be
to determine for whom in the particular case
the majority of the legal electors did in fact
cast their suffrages. Acting upon that rule in
reference to these parishes, in reference to all
the parishes in this district, and in reference
to the district, generally, I say that Mr. Mc-
Cranie was elected by a triumphant majority
of the registration, of the votes cast, of the
wealth, the tax-payers, the intelligence and
virtne of the district, and itis impossible, with-
out the most direct and palpable violation of
those principles of law so well and repeatedly
established in this country, to give Mr. Morey
this seat or to deny it to Mr. McCranie.
Mr. Speaker, the testimony in reference to
intimidation ahd violenoe in this district, or
in any part of it, is such as I have heretofore
had occasion to characterize when considering
other cases from this State, and I do not de-
sire now to go at length into any examination
of it; butl will say briefly thatall of the testi-
mony which bears upon these charges of intim-
idation and violence is of Jhe most shadowy,
uncertain, unreliable, and vague character that
was ever suffered to be produced before any
jifHicial or guasi-judicial body, and that most
of it is utterly unworthy either of credit or
respect. One of the most respectable witnesses
produced to prove intimidation in this par-
ticular parish was Mr. W. Jasper Blackburn, a
Republican ex-member of this House ; a man
to whose testimony I once before referred, and
who was convicted by the facts, if not by the
finding of this House, of being engaged in the
business of selling cadetships. I read a short
paragraph from his paper in the trial of one
of the other cases before the House, and I
now desire, in addition towhatlhave already
said in reference to him, and by way of indi-
cating his true character and the real value
of his evidence, to invite attention to another
extract from his paper, an issue of it pub-
lished since that from which I read before,
speaking of the same little peccadillo on his
part, the sale of cadetships—
"A11 this is true"—
Referring to general charges against Con-
gress—
"'ay,ten times true,'bat it matters not; let Con-
gress pay what is justly and equitably and accord-
ing to all former custom and precedent our duo, and
the'$1,400' of cadet 'smart-money' shall bo forth-
coming with interest; and with proof, if wanted,
that this' cadet business' amounts to about the
smallest 'irregularity'—or swindle, if you please—
ever indulged or perpetratedi in the way of govern-
mental and departmental peccadillos, at the very
pious and exceedingly incorruptible city of Wash-
ington."
I do notread that because it has any especial
value in itself, but merely as fitly character-
izing the moral standard and tone of the wit-
nesses who are relied upon to establish these
general, reckless, and sweeping charges of
intimidation, violence, and wrong against the
good people, the respectable and honorable
constituency of this district. To subject them
to such indiscriminate condemnation is alike
unjust to them and discreditable to the judi-
cial character of this House. They are suf-
fering many of the evils and misfortunes of
war, many of the retributive punishments which
wait upon civil strife and are transmitted by
it as a cruel legacy to after years. They are
also suffering the disturbing influences of dis-
rupted institutions and changed social and
political relations.
It is not in the power of humanity to rise
instantly above and superior to all such cir-
cumstances and events. The good people,
the great mass of the white population, which
forms the Democratic party in Louisiana, sin-
cerely deplore all the evils, confusion, and
wrongs which grow as inevitable incidents out
of the late events in our history. But they are
not guilty of any willful aggravation of those
evils. They have struggled in good faith to
mitigate and allay them, and to effect the
easiest and earliest practicable, adjustment of
society ta its new conditions. In those hon-
orable efforts they have been constantly inter-
fered with and thwarted by the malign influ-
ences and selfish machinations of political
adventurers, who have gone among them to
beget strife and use the ignorant and credu-
lous negroes to aid them in getting offices and
power. They have sought these results for
mean and sordid ends generally, and when
attained they have used them for plunder and
oppression. They have not in a single south-
ern State rewarded the people for their ill-
placed confidence by giving them good laws,
good government, or civil protection, but gen-
erally by bad laws, mean and corrupt rulers,
oppressive taxes and exactions, and extrava-
gant and reckless administration. The people
of Mr. McCranie's district gave ample evidence
during the political canvass in question that
they desired to avoid and prevent any occur-
rences which could be used even as pretexts
for denying them representation here accord-
ing to their legal cnoice. They could not—
