1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2127
endeavor to show by authority that 110 distinc-
tion can be found in this regard between a
military man who holds a commission and a
military man who accepts the lot of a private.
I have said that to proceed under orders to
a State is not to go voluntarily, because to go
voluntarily one must go of his own motion and
in his own right; and X inquire whether officers
or soldiers quartered or stationed under orders
are voluntary residents at the place? The
books, old and new, have names lor such res-
idences. Such a residence is sometimes cal led
a "compulsory domicile;" again, " an invol-
untary domicile ;" again, in the continental
phrase, "a domicile of necessity and in the
illustration of such compulsory domiciles mili-
tary officers are mentioned as the clearest ex-
emplification, save only prisoners and exiles.
When England chained Napoleon in the crater
of an extinguished volcano till he died she
spoke of the lonely isle of his eaptivity as " his
residence." Courts and Governments luivo
characterized the residence of lesser captives
and_of other exiles, and have treated of the
attributes of such a residence, it does not
confer inhabitancy, and I repeat, coming in the
listo {'illustrationsafter "prisonersand exiles,"
welind " military officers " as pointed illustra-
tions of the rule that the involuntary domicile
confers no inhabitancy and destroys no former
residence.
In some of the cases married women are
mentioned as strong illustrations of the rule.
Why? Because they are not in their own right,
and therefore they can gain no residence either
by going or by oxevcisingintontion, or by both.
Tliink of the weakness in this rospcet, legally
speaking, of the case of a fema cvveH as
compared with a military officer. Why, Mr.
President, there was not on this uontinenl,
even boffin! we began to hear of women's rights,
a tribunal, legislative or judicial, clothed with
power to compel a married woman to remain
at the domicile of her husband, to return to it,
or to refrain from going anywhere. If some
person, not her husband, restrains her a court
may set her free, but she is no captive; she is
110 prisoner; she is amenable to no legal com-
mand. On tho contrary, she is " in maiden
meditation fancy free," as the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nyk] would be likely to ex-
press it.
Mr. President, meaning to be brief iu citing
authorities upon this pointi I take up a little
work, the moat compendious of which I know,
relating to this branch of tho law, a recent
work, printed in England in 181,1, and written
by Oliver S, .Round, esq., barrister at law of
Lincoln's Inn. In respect of collated learning
it deserves great praise. Many cases can bo
found in it, to one. or two of which 1 will refer,
lu England such inquiries by reason of pro-
visions iu tho revenue laws are frequent, and
sometimes important; and tho eases show—1
ask tho honorable Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howk] to observe—that it is only of the
army officers retired upon half pay that the
court has been able to find that they established
inhabitancy in the places to which they went.
Why only in the case of half-pay officers?
Because by the British statutes a man retired
upon half pay is no longer absolutely subject
to the orders of his Government; ho is notsub-
ject to constraint at all; nor is he subject to
indueementon thepartofhisGovernment, save
one. If his services are needed notice of six
months may be given him, and if at the end of
six months he does not report or consent to
servo his Government will cease to pay him
his half pay; that is all.
Now, look even in the case of half-pay re-
tired officers, confessedly free from constraint,
not liable to be court-martialed for desertion,
not bound to obey any order any more than
any other subject of the realm, and see what
has been said by the British courts. I refer now
to the ease of Brown vs. Smith, which seems to
to have been very elaborately argued. With-
out-reading the case—I shall occupy a little
time in reading another case—I will endeavor
to state it in few words.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the page?
Mr. CONKLING. In the book from which
I read page 22. This case is reported in Bea-
van's Keports at considerable length, but I
have not tho volume here. The person was a
Scotchman. He was a surgeon by profession,
and was in the service. After years of service
ho retired upon half pay. He went from his
former home. He remained away for years.
He carried his sister with him, his only rela-
tive. He removed everything of his effects,
lie died at Malta; and the court held that he
was not a resident or inhabitant anywhere
except where his residence formerly was; and
tho commentator remarks:
" This, no doubt, is a very strong caso; but it only
carries out tho principles i have ondeavored to
cvolvo, namely, that where a domicile has been
acquired and subsists ijwo facto, until another is
acquired, such domicile of acquirement or origin is
not losl, nl though it may bo apparently abandoned."
Again, he says :
"This case, therefore, was docidod on tho inton-
iion as constituting tho dotnioilo joined with ten
years' residence," c:,
I turn to read, with more particularity, to the
caso of Oockriill vs. Cockrell, a leading case
which members of tho Senate will remember.
1 ask the attention of tho Senate to the con-
densation of it by the author I have named.
" Jint it is a mistake to say that tho Crown had the
power to make tho party change his domicile."
That is in tho caso of half-pay officers, as I
liavo explained:
" 'I'Hv order to return might luivo been issued, but,
according to the regulations atleeting half pay, the
only eoiisoqiuinoo ot Ins relusnl to obe'y would have
been the torleitoi'Ouf his hillf pay, (mil.Cockerell vi.
Uockcioil, 4 W. it., 7.JU,) so that in no sense of tho
term could it tic said that iho residence abroad was
dependent on anything bul his own will, though it
was likelv enough that that will might liavo been
materially iiilltieneed byhis recall, Itwasgenorally
umloisiood Him officers in the latter predicament
unl no! acquire a legal domicile in tho quarters to
winch they might bo sent, and in wlueh they re-
mained in the performance of their duty; but tho
principle of tho exception was not that the Crowu
ttnd the power to recall them, but the more import-
nut consideration that it had tho power to sond
them-thero, and that I hey presumably were there
onlv in obedicni'o In llutl power.
"'the iulcrenee drawn thence was supposed to be,
that however loin,' their mere corporal residence
might be m tiny particular place, too residence is to
be ascribed not to any anuiiun of theirs, hut to tho
ot their nujiiary superiors, to which, so long
as they continued in tho profession, they wore bound
to yield obedience. There was consequently in such
a caso a complete separation between tho moro da
Jttcio residence in a particular locality and thoanmiM
ot betaking themselves to that locality and contin-
uing in it, wlueh last was indispensable to tho exist-
ence ot a domicile in the legal souse of tho term; but
analogy naturally failed iu the most essontial par-
ticular when it was at tempted to be applied to officers
on hall pay. I ho Crown had no power to determine
. ntestate, leaving ail his piopeity situate"
in that country with the exception of a small debt
duo to him trom the war office iu lSngland. Ilis widow
took mtt letters of administration lu India, and after
PHViUtf his debts, ivc., invested tho rest of tho estate in
India m her own mimo for her own benefit, and that
lit the next ot km. She afterward took out adminis-
tration rnhngland for the purposo of getting the debt
due trom thowarollice, TheOrown then claimed leg-
acy duty oil nil the property of tho intestate in Eng-
land and India, mid it was held that as the deceased
was on duty in India m her Majesty's service ho did
not acquire a domicile in that country, and that the
whole ot his property, though chiefly situ,ito abroad,
was liable to legacy duty. It was likewise hold that
iinoflieer m thescmceof the East IndiaCompany did
thereby acquire adomicilo in India. Thiscase, tliere-
toro, is a continuation; (it1 any veio wanting:) of tho
observations made by Lord b'ullerton and Lord Rob-
ertson m tho case immediately preceding, and the
principles upou which they both proceed are too plain
to need explanation. Ibo following cases may like-
wise bo referred to on the same points: Logan vs.
l1 fii11io. 1 AIvl. ify {..t*.. .">9 • .Tji•> «~t_ ^
Arnold vs. Arnold. ^ Myl. & Cr„ 2d!i,
Mr. COLE. I suppose that question arose
out ot the local law in relation to descents
and the distribution of properly.
Mr, CONKLING. Not quite that. I will
state to tho honorable Senator tho prolific
source of these cases. Under the British rev-
enue system the place of inhabitancy determ-
ines the question whether property is or is not
subject to duty. In the case of persons belong-
ing to the East India Company it has been
held, as has been stated, that they acquired a
domieileat Calculttaor in India, for the reason
that there, although in the employ of the Gov-
ernment, they were, whenever they chose, in
their own right, subject to their own disposal,
whereas when in military service it is not the
aniums of the individual in the language of the
books, but the animus of the superior power
which controls the whereabouts, and moves
and halts the individual without consulting his
volition.
I think the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] suggests, if I hear him aright, that the
British Government made money out of these
decisions. I thank him for the suggestion. I
meet the comment the more willingly because
since yesterday I have run over some of the
great names which bear up these decisions ;
and if the honorable Senator will look at those
who held thepositionofmasteroftherolls, who
presided in the court of exchequer, in the
king's bench, and at others who gave opinions
in such cases, I think he will hardly attempt to
damn them by saying that the Government
made money out of the law they enunciated.
Sir, the Government of the United States
makes money out of decisions which condemn
goods seized under revenue laws; but I hope
the honorable Senator and myself will not be
driven to the extremity, the desperate extrem-
ity, of declaring that the law interpreted and
published by tho courts is not law because in
it inheres vice gendered by the fact that the
Government prolits be the decisions one way,
and lose3 be they the other. Take the un-
broken current of authority, rolling through
centuries in England, take it cum grano, de-
tract from it all that should be detracted, be-
cause in a nation which conceived and nurtured
the common law, and which has made judges
as independent as life tenures could make them,
the royal revenue may be swollen by a pitiful
percentage of a dead man's goods, if the court
shall so decide.
Mr. President, these cases go much further
than tho committee has gone. The committee
has not suggested that a military officer may
not put an end to his residence in one place
and gain a residence in another. Although
the English courts have intimated, if not de-
cided that, to argue it in this case would be to
travel far from tho record. There is no such
question in the case. Tho committee holds,
however, that to establish a new residence, a
military officer must do some act independent
of the mere circumstance that the locality of
his existence, under orders, is in one place or
in another. If he remains where he is sent
as a military officer, the committee holds that
although he remain till eternity, grows gray
ttnd hobbles on the crutches of time, the mere
fact that he stays will never put an end to his
former residence or gain him a new one.
What act independent of proceeding to Mis-
sissippi, and there remaining as in duty bound,
was done in this case? Here must be the act:
"I even made arrangements, almost final and
permanent, with a person to manage property
I intended to buy."
"Property I intended to buy;" not even a
house, a dwelling, a home, for that would not
be the subject of management by some other
person, but an intended investment in prop-
erty, which in fact was never bought. What
a? u rePeat>'s 'here in this case, independent f
or the presence of the claimant in his military
cnaracter, which established a new residence
or put an end to the old one? But we are told
that we can dispense with the fact and estab-
lish a residence by intention. Let us suppose
that we have tho fact and need only the settled
intention of fixing a permanent abode in Mis-
sissippi, can we find it? The committee was
more than fair in stating the intention. The
report is unjust to the facts.
