4960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
copy of tho report of tho arbitrators at least sixty
days before the close of its session Congress may at
ifsnextsession tnakesuoh election andap'propriation.
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted, Tliat all tolls
and revenues dcriv.ed froia tho improvements made
or acquired under the provisions of this act, after
providing for the ourrent expanses of operating and
keeping the same in repair* sba.ll be paid into tho
Treasury of the United States; and whenever the
United btates shall be reimbursed for all sums ad-
vanced for the same,with interest thereon, then the
tolls aforesaid shall be reduced to the least sum
which, together with other revenues properly appli-
cable thereto, if any, shall be sufficient to operate,
and keep the inprovemenls in repair.
Sec. 5, And be it fui ther enacted, That tho Secre-
tary of War shall annually report to Congress the
progress made in the completion of said improve-
ments, the amount expended thereon, the amount,
if any, required for the succeeding fiscal year, and.
the amount of revenue derived therefrom.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
The bill was passed over.
qkrvacio nolan.
The next business on the Speaker's labia was
a bill (S. No. 843) to confirm ihe title of the
heirs of Gervacio Nolan, deceased, to certain
lands in the Territory of Colorado.
Mr. PAINE. I object.
The bill was passed over.
ItAlbROAD LAND ORANT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 438) granting lands to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in the
State of Florida.
Mr. McCOllMICK, of Missouri. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. I think we have now gone
far enough with the business on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER. The House ordered, unan-
imous consent being given, that the whole list
should be gone through. The calling of the
bills, therefoie, cannot be interrupted until the
whole are gone through.
moneys expended by kansas.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 87-1) to reimburse the State of
Kansas for moneys expended for the United
States in enrolling, equipping, and provision-
ing militia forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion.
Mr. DICKEY, f object.
lucas and dickinson' counties, iowa.
The next business on the Sneaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 760) for the relief of Lucas,
Dickinson, and other counties iti the State of
Iowa.
Mr. OKTII. J object.
alameda iuhd.
The next bnsinesi on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 002) to grant the right of way
for the Alameda road through certain lands
in California.
Mr. ARNELL. ,1 object.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman objects
to the passage of the bill, I ask to have it re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
sii5r:ia ihon company.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No, 480) to grant land to the Sierra
Iron Company.
Mr. ORTIL I objeef.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 ask to have it referred
to fhe Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. MOOlili, of Illinois. I object.
land orant to kansas.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 539) to amend au act entitled
" An act for a grant of land to the State of
Kansas in alternate seclions to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads and telegraphs in
said State."
Mr. CULLOM. I object.,
Mr. LOGAN. I move to refer the bill to
tho Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
accordingly read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
LASD GKA.NT TO ALABAMA.
The next business cm the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 987) to renew a certain grant
of lands to the State of Alabama.
Objection was made.
CYNTIIIA A. 51IZELL.
Tho next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. .No. 1000) granting a pension to
Cynthia A. Mizell.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
accordingly read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
CIIANG10 OF NAME OF A BASK.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint rsolution (S. R. No. 218) author-
izing the First National Bank of Fort Smith,
Arkansas, to change its location and name.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I beg to say that
this is in precisely the same terms as those of
other joint resolutions by which other banks
have been permitted to change their name and
location.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was read a first, second, and third time,
and passed.
LEVANT W. BAKNIIAUT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a jointresolution (S. R. No. 229) authorizing the
President to strike from the rolls of the Anny
the name of Levant W. Barn hart.
Mr. LOG A N. That is all right.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think it had belter be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
No objection being made, the jointresolution
was accordingly read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
STB Ail VAC (IT FANNY.
The nex>t business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 230) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to change the
name of the steam yacht Fanny.
The jointresolution, which was read, author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to grant,
under the name of William M. Tweed, an
enrollment and license to the steam yacht
Fanny, now owned by Charles IT. Mallory, of
Mystic, Connecticut, the said vessel being a
pleasure yacht and not engaged in commercial
or other business.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was read a first, second, and third time,
and passed.
JODiCIAL l'OWERS Of CONSULS, ETC.
Mr. COOK. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Kelsey] withdraws his objection to the
Senate bill No. G32, now on tho Speaker's
table. The title of the bill is, a bill to amend
an act entitled ''An act to carry into effect
provisions of the treaties between the United
States, China, Japan, Siaui, Persia, and other
countries, giving certain judicial powers to
ministers and consuls and other functionaries
of the United Stag's m those countries, and
for other purposes,'' approved June 22, 1860.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the act of Congress entitled '"An
act to carry into effect provisions of the treaties
between the UnitedStafes, China, Japan, Siam,
Persia, and other countries, giving certain
judicial powers to ministers anu consuls, or
other functionaries of the United States in
those countries, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June "22. 1800, so far as the same is in
conformity with the stipulations of the treaty
with Madagascar, is thereby extended to that
country, and it shall be executed in conformity
with the provisions of the treaty and the usages
of Christian nations in such cases; and the act
shall in the same manner expend to any coun-
try of like character with which the United
States may hereafter enter into treaty relations.
The second section provides that the superior
judicial authority conferred on the cous.il gen-
eral or consul residing at the capital of any
country mentioned in such act, or herein pro-
vided for, including the power to make decrees
and regulations, is hereby vested in the Sec-
retary of State for the time being.
The third section provides that when any
final judgment of the minister to China, or to
Japan, is given in the exercise of original or
of appellate criminal jurisdiction, the person
charged with the crime or offense, if he con-
siders the judgment erroneous in point of law,
may appeal therefrom to the circuit court tor
thedistrict of California ; butsuch appeal shall
not operate as a stay of proceedings, unless
the minister shall certify that there is proba-
ble cause to grant the same, where the stay
shall be such as the interests of justice may
require.
'fhe fourth section provides that on any final
judgment in a consular court of China- or
Japan where the matter in dispute exceeds $-500
and does not exceed $2,500, exclusive of costs,
ail appeal shall bo allowed to the minister in
such country, as the case may be; provided
that the appellant complies with the conditions
established by general regulations; and the
ministers are hereby authorized and required
to receive, hear, and determine such appeals.
The filth section provides that where the
matter in dispute, exclusive of costs, exceeds
the sum of $2,500, an appeal shall be allowed
to the circuit court for the district of California;
and upon such appeal a transcript of tho libel,
bill, answer, depositions, aud all other pro-
ceedings in the cause shall be transmitted to the
circuit court; and nu new evidence shall be
received on the hearing of the appeal; and the
appeals shall be subject to the rules, regula-
tions, and restrictions prescribed in law for
wiits of error from district courts of the Uni-
ted States.
The sixth section provides that on any final
judgment of the minister to China, or to
Japan, given in the exercise of oiiginal juris-
diction, where the matter in dispute, exclusive
of costs, exceeds $2,500, an appeal shall be
allowed to the circuit court, as provided in the
last section.
The seventh section provides that the cir-
cuit court of California is hereby authorized
and required to receive, hear, and determine,
the appeals provided for 111 this act, and the
decisions of s,uch court shall be final.
The eighth section provides that the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to allow in the adjust-
ment of the accounts of the consul general at
Shanghai, the actual expense of the rent of a
suitable building, to be used as a prison for
American convicts in China, not to exceed
ยง1,500 a year; and also the wages of the keep-
ers of the same, and for the caie of offenders,
not to exceed $5,000 a year -, and to allow in
the adjustment of the accounts of the consuls
at other ports in China the actual expense of
the hire of constables and the care of offend-
ers, not to exceed in all $5,000 a year.
The ninth section provides that the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to allow in the ad-
justment of the accounts of the consul at
Kanagawa, the actual expense of the rent of
a suitable building, to be used as a prison tor
American convicts in Japan, not to exceed
i y750 a year; and also the wages of the keep-
! ers of the same, and for the care of offenders,
j not to exceed ^2,500 a year; and to allow in
: the adjustment of the consuls at other ports
; in Japan the actual expense of the hire of cou-
| stables and the case of offenders, nor to exceed
j in all $2,500 a year.
j No further objection being made, the bill was
readafirst, second, and third time, and passed.
I TEXAS PACIFIC ItASLROAD.
I The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 047) to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, to aid in the con-
struction ot its road, and for o her puipuses.
Mr. HOLMAN objected, and the bill was
returned to ihe Speaker's table.
