1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
from Massachusetts did not vote for them. I
do not purpose to go into that. I should not
at this time deem it necessary again to correct
this series of errors if I did not find by the news-
papers that these statements are really believed
by the public or some of the public.
I hold in my hands a newspaper which
states:
" His [Mr. Sumnkb's] rejoinder to Mr. Tbumbcli,'s
aspersion of his record on the suffrage question was
crushing."
Now hear how it was "crushing
" First, he showed that he was the author of the
very provision which Trumbull taunted him with
not having voted for."
Well, he asserted that he was the author of
it; but the Senator from Nevada proves by the
record that another was the author of it.
"And, second, he showed that this provision con-
ferring suffrage on the blacks was only adopted
after encountering Trumbull's persistent opposi-
tion."
He asserted it. Did he show it ? Will he
find within the lids of all the congressional
records my opposition ? Sir, I will not bandy
words. The Senator from Ohio has borne his
testimony here to-day, and stated that that
committee, of which he speaks where the
record does not speak, was unanimously in
favor of conferring suffrage on the colored
people of the South, and it was only a ques-
tion as to the most practicable and best way
of doing it. All were for it, as he has testified
to-day.
But, sir, I do not propose to go oatside into
any meetings that were held where there was
no record, and to put my word against the
word of the Senator from Massachusetts.
I hold up the record with my vote showing
that I voted for the bill, against the Senator
from Massachusetts, who declares that I was
its "persistent opponent." Let them stand
before the country.
Again, sir, on that oec&sion I showed, in
Teply to an assault upon me, that I, as a mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee, had refused
to hear certain parties how the fact was; and,
in reply to another assault, in consequence of
my understanding of an agreement to come to
a vote at a certain time on the Virginia bill,
•in which* I had been denounced as setting up
a pretension that was absurd, and when it was
said that I -was alone and had a monopoly of
it, I showed that I was sustained by others in
the Senate, that I was sustained in my under-
standing of that agreement; and what did the
Senator frtfm Massachusetts do after I had
shown Ivim this? Why, sir, he rose in his
place, and, in reply to what I said, he used this
language:
" Sir, the very testimony that he cited the Sen-
ator"—
Referring to myself—
" is condemned. He appealed to two honorable Sen-
ators, one the Senator from New York, the other the
Senator from Wisconsin, to sustain him. I submit
that neither of them sustained him, but both most
satisfactorily famished evidence against him."
I will not say whether this is so or not; let
thetn answer for themselves. Here is what the
Senator from.New York [Mr. Conkling] said:
" I had no doubt whatever at the time that the
understanding was as the honorable'Senator from
Illinois has declared he supposed it to be."
Notwithstanding the Senator from. New York
said that, the Senator from Massachusetts rises
and says that he did not sustain me at all,
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator omits.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will come to it; and
that omission is a worse condemnation than
what I have read; far worse upon the Senator
from Massachusetts, because he pressed the
Senator from New York at that time to see if
he could not get him to vary the statement.
What does he say? In reply to me the Senator
from Massachusetts said, after quoting a por-
tion of what the Senator from New York had
said in regard to offering the House bill as an
amendment to the Senate bill, the Senator from
New York saying that he supposed it would
take th&t coarse, that it would be offered that
way 
Mr. SUMNER. That is the true way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the true way,
says the Senator from Massachusetts. Ah 1 I
will follow him right to that place. He fol-
lowed the Senator from New York there, and
he sought to get the Senator from New York
to say that on the night before, and here was
his language:
" Tho Senator's own testimony is against his con-
clusion"—
He is replying now to the Senator from New
York.
" He says he imagined it' would be moved as a
substitute. It was perfeotlyin order to move it as
a substitute. There is no question about that."
Now, sir, what does the Senator from New
i York say ?
" Mr. Conklinq. I am amasod again at the Sen-
i ator from Massachusetts. I understood the arraDge-
!i ment to cover the House as well as the Senate bill;
!: and my own preferonoe as to tho parliamentary mode
of getting at it was to offer it as asubstitute, and not
; to lay'aside the other bill.
" Mr. Pombbot. That was my understanding.
" Mr. Conkling. But that the understanding oov-
1 ered the whole suhject of the admission of Vir-
! ginia, no matter how the bills were numbered and
i no matter whence they came originally, I believed
to be the clear accord and meaning of the whole body
of the Senate."
When the Senator from Massachusetts had
pressed the Senator from New York to get him
to say that he did not understand it covered the
House bill, but to be offered as an amendment,
the Senator from New York expressed his
amazement at the Senator from Massachusetts.
Would you believe, Mr. President, after that,
that the Senator the next day, in reply to me,
rose in his seat and said:
" On the very testimony that he cited the Senator
is condemned?"
Would you have believed it possible ? There
might have been a misunderstanding if the
Senator from Massachusetts had not put the
very question to the Senator from New York;
but he put it, and when he got the answer, the
next day he comes in and says that I am alone
and not sustained, and the testimony of the
Senator from New York condemns me, al-
though the Senator from New York said he
understood it as 1 did in words, and when
pressed to see if he could not be made to ex-
plain it differently expressed his astonishment
at the effort.
Mr. President, there is a great deal in that
reply of the Senatorfrom Massachusetts which
will not bear the test of scrutiny any better
than the two matters to which I have referred.
But I did not rise to reply to the Senator's
speech. I was willing, after the record I had
exhibited to the country, to stand upon it and
let it go. It was but a repetition of what he
had said before. I thought I had corrected it :
then. But when it is thrice read over again to
go upon your records, I have risen simply to
put in a caveat against the truthfulness of these
statements.
Sir, if I were to take up that speech of the
Senator from Massachusetts, I could show that
in other respects it is equally at fault; but I
do not propose to go over this debate again.
I know it is tiresome to the Senate. I rose
now because I did not think the statement
should be suffered to be repeated thrice to the
Senate without correcting it. And now it is
possible that the momentI sit down—I cannot
conceive what will be said—that the Senator
from Massachusetts may repeat it again. I
should not wonder if he did, becanse I cannot
wonder at anything when a statement can be
made that I was the persistent opponent of the
measure which the record shows I voted for.
The Senator brought in here the Louisiana
matter again. I do not wish to discuss that
question now. The Louisiana bill was a favorite
measure with the late President of the United
States, Mr. Lincoln. I was in favor of that
bill; and I believe now it would have been
a ereat measure to have organized the State
of Louisiana during the war on our side; to
have got a State organization there. Mr. Lin-
coln thought so. That measure was opposed
in this body by talking against time, by moving
to adjourn, Sc. I have the record here, and
it wilt be seen that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts on that Louisiana bill was acting in
alliance with the Democrats of the Senate,°the
whole of them not constituting ten votes in thin
body, making motions to adjourn and repeat-
ing them, and delaying the action of the Sen-
ate. I thought then it was a mistake on their
part; I believe so now, and I am prepared to
justify the action that was taken upon that
occasion. But, sir, that was not my object
to-night.
In accordance with the promise 1 gave to
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] I now
surrender the floor to him to make his motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator to allow
me one minute only.
Mr. THURMAN. I gave my friend from
Illinois five minutes, and he took much longer.
Mr. SUMNER. And then I will make the
motion if the Senator desires.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do not let us adjourn
until we pass the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I only ask one minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have only
one remark to make. The Senator from Illi-
nois reminds me of a sick man moving on au
uneasy bed. I there let him lie.
And now, sir, I turn to the Senator from
Missouri, who made a remark of ageneral char-
acter applicable to this debate. He will par-
don me. I ask him if he intended by that
remark any allusion to me ?
Mr. DRAKE. I simply reply that the re-
mark that I made was not intended to have a
distinct personal application to any gentleman
on this floor. I was speaking of the thing,
this personal discussion which has been carried
on here this afternoon in the Senate. I feel
whenever such a discussion comes up that it
degrades the Senate of the United States before
the eountry to have Senators engage in it at
all. I did not intend in the remark that I
made to do anything but to speak of the thing,
not with any personal application to any Sen-
ator on this floor.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe I am entitled
to the floor, and I must insist upon it.'
Several Senators. Let us finish the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield to the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson?]
Mr. THURMAN. I eannot yield anymore.
I move that the Senate do bow adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope not. Let us finish
this bill.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-eight,
noes not counted; and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 10, 1870.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G-. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LINE OP AMERICAN STEAMSHIPS TO INDIA, BTC.
Mr. ROOTS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1178) to encourage the
establishment of aline of steamships under the
flag of the Union, for the conveyance of the
mails of the United States to European ports
and ports of India and China, and reducing the
rates of ocean postage, and for promoting immi-
gration from Europe to the southern States or
the Union; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the special Committee on the
