4016
THE'. CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
June 2,
change. We ought to do it patiently; we ought
to do it in the spirit of philanthropy, of hu-
manity; we ought to do it from a sense of the
superior power of.the white man.over the
fallen, prostrate, fading Indian ; we oughtto
do-it in the sense that should be impressed
upon us, that this was his country; we came
to it, and against him, and all his efforts, from
the landing of the European upon it to the pres-
ent time, we have gradually encroached upon
his country until we have almost wholly taken
it from him. As an apology for this violence
upon the Indian we profess to teach him the
arts of civilized life, to teach him agriculture
and the useful arts of life, and all the higher
comfort and cultivation that result from civil-
ized life; but the way in which we are perform-
ing this duty to him, in which we are perform-
ing this profession that we make to the Indian
before the world is a cheat and a mockery, and
a disgrace to our Government and people ; and
among these features of mockery and disgrace
is the law under consideration, which honor-
able Senators, who represent the frontier peo-
ple of the United States want to execute with
a rigor that might be expected to come from
the grim Pluto himself.
Sir, I protest against this law. I protest
against its execution. I see glimpses of its
terrible execution as they appear from appeals
made by the Indians to Congress. I trust that
before this debate closes, or at any rate before
the close of this session, some of the horrid,
revolting, and extensive cases of fraud, plun-
der, and oppression by which our intercourse
with the Indians is characterized will be laid
before the Senate in plain and unexaggerated
terms of truth; and if they are, they will be
such as will shock the moral sentiment of the
world, even of our own country, and of the
better portion of the frontier population.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
The question being put, the amendment was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. TIIAYER. I rose to learn what the
amendment was. It is so long since we heard
it that 1 do not know what it is.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think it was under-
stood.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska was on the floor when the
Chair was putting the question, but the Chair
did not know that he desired to speak or be
heard upon it. The Chair will therefore put
the question again.
Mr. TIIAYER. I ask to have the amend-
ment reported.
The PliESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment, as amended, will be reported, and the
vote will be again taken upon it.
The Chief Clerk. The question is on the
amendment as amended, which is to insert the
following as an additional section:
And be it further enactcd, That no part of tho
moneys appropriated by this aci., or which may here-
after bo appropriated in any general act or deficiency
bill making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, to pay
annuities due to or to be used and expended for the
care and benefit of any tribe or tribes of Indians
named herein, shall be applied to the payment of
any claim lor depredations that may have been or
maybe committed by such tribe or tribes, or any
member or members thereof; and no claims for
Indian depredations shall hereafter be paid until
Congress shall make special appropriation thorefor;
and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent herewith
are hereby repealed.
Mr. HOWARD. That is an amendment, I
believe, to the original bill.
The PRESlDENT^jro tempore. It is.
Mr. HOWARD. The question is .whether
we shall adopt that amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Avoteagainst
it leaves the old law stand as it is, and a vote
for it changes the law.
Mr. COLE. I would suggest an amendment •
to the chairman of the committee, my friend
from Maine, to insert the words, "unless to
carry out treaty stipulations." There can be
no objection to that I think. I ask the chair-
man of the committee if that will be agreeable
to him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose this
whole business is based on the law of 1834. I
do not presume there are any treaty stipula-
tions in regard to it.
Mr. COLE. Then the insertion of these
words will do no harm. I understand there
are such treaty stipulations. I will not press
the suggestion if the chairman objects.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no very
distinct impression about it.
Mr. COLE. Then I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word " there-
of." in the sixth line, the words "unless such
payment shall be required by treaty stipula-
tion."
Mr. HAMLIN. What becomes of the
amendment upon which the vote was just
taken ? Was it not declared carried?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was
declared carried; but the Senator from Ne-
braska had risen before the Chair put the ques-
tion.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then that question is before
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Before that question is put an
amendment to the amendment is in order.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; it is not in order,
because the section is an amendment to the
other amendment, andyou cannotcarryainend-
ments beyond that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California does not propose to
amend an amendment to an amendment; but
the text of the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations, which is in
order. The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from California to the amendment.
Mr. EDMCJNDS. I hope that will not be
agreed to. Half these treaty stipulations, as
they are called, provide for the adjustment of
claims, but we have never paid the money
under the treaties, as everybody says; and as
the evil which the Senator from Maine and the
Senator from Kentucky have pointed out is so
great, I do not think we ought to provide in
this appropriation bill for paying a treaty stip-
ulation out of this fund. When we find that a
treaty stipulation requires us to pay a particu-
lar claim, when we have a fund out of which it
can be paid, it will be time enough to do it.
This will defeat the object of the whole amend-
ment, in my opinion.
Mr. COLE. It is not a payment by us in
pursuance of a treaty stipulation. It is a pay-
ment by the Indians on their part.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it; and they pay
it out of our funds.
Mr. COLE. No; I beg the Senator's par-
don. Out of funds that belong to them.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like about half a
minute to explain the difficulty that the de-
partment is laboring under now. There are
Arapahoes, Cheyennes, Apaches, Iviowas, and
Comanches now collected around Port Cobb
in the Indian territory. They are notoriously
hostile Indians. The object of the Govern-
ment has been to collect them in from the plains
and feed them, appropriate money from year
to year for the purpose of feeding them. The
bill provides for an appropriation of some
thousand of dollars to feed them for the com-
ing year. Nov/, it is notorious to everybody
that you may prove up against these Indians
depredation claims amounting to millions.
You make an appropriation in this bill, and in
less than sixty days' time after the bill becomes
a lav/ there will be enough depredation claims
proved up to absorb every dollar, and the
department will not have a single dollar with
which to feed these Indians and keep them
where they now are. The result will be that
they will scatter again on the plains and com-
mit other depredations. We are striving to
meet this difficulty. I admit that it is a very
difficult question to meet; but there is no other
way of doing it that the committee is aware of
than to require these claimants to prove up
their claims in the department, let the depart-
ment report them to Congress, and let appro-
priations be made for their payment to the
extent Congress may think to be just.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the honorable
Senator one question. Is he willing that such
depredations committed by Indians, subjects
of Indian tribes, should be paid for out of the
Treasury of the United States and saddled
upon the people as a tax for the benefit of the
offending Indians?
Mr. HARLAN. This amendment does not
propose to change the source of means with
which to meet these claims. It merely pro-
vides that they shall not be paid until an ap-
propriation shall be made for that purpose.
Congress can provide by law that it shall be
taken out of the Indians' money.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well, then, the annui-
ties are paid regularly year after year without
paying any regard to these claims of indemnity.
Mr. HARLAN. It would require action of
Congress.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it is too round-
about a way to get at it.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator can find
some other way to meet the difficulty 
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know that I can.
I think the old way is sufficient now.
Mr. HARLAN". Look at another case; the
various tribes of Sioux that have been at war
for a series of years and are now collected on
the upper Missouri. We appropriated last
year $2,000,000 for the purpose of feeding
them. There would be no difficulty in proving
claims against the Sioux Indians for depreda-
tions amounting to lens of millions of dollars.
If those claimants can come in and prove up
claims to the amount of one or two million
dollars they absorb the whole amount of money
appropriated to the Department with which to
feed the Sioux; and of course when they are
no longer fed they will scatter on the plains
again, and the whole object of Congress in
collecting them on these reservations will be
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Nebraska some time ago asked, as
I understood him, whether I would not desire
to present a claim before the Department to
take money from the Indians, due to them under
treaty stipulations, for depredations committed
by them on my constituents. I say to him that
I would not. I never yet presented such a
claim from my State to the Department, to
have money taken from the funds due to In-
dians under treaty stipulations in satisfaction
of such claims. I thiuk it is entirely wrong,
audi never have given encouragement to such,
claims. I never have collected one ; I never
have presented one to Congress or to the De-
partments. I have always referred them back
to the parties, and told them.there was no
hope. If you encourage such claims you will
constantly have them presented, and men will
place themselves in a position to have their
property taken that they may present these
claims. We see now that claims are presented
wherever an inducement is held out for them.
Noiv, this law does not seem to have pro-
tected Nebraska, where, as the Senator from
that State says, blood is flowing under the
present system. It does not appear to protect
those settlers there now. Why not change it
and try another system ?
The State which I have the honor in part to
represent Ipresume contains as many Indians
as any other State in the Union. We have no
troubles of that kind there, because we have
presented no claims of that kind. We have
had Indian wars, it is true; we have conquered
the 1 ndians ; we have put them on reservations,
and we are feeding them therewith a very small
appropriation. A small amount of money is
required to do it. Where they are not gathered
on reservations in the Indian country, and
people are traveling through that country who
really have no right to be there, and they com-
mit depredations on the Indians and the Indians
