1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4017
retaliate, the consequence is that they have
their property destroyed.
If they can present claims to the Govern-
ment here for that property it will be very
easy for them to prove up claims against the
Indians. They can get people to testify that
they did lose that property there. We have
had cases here where cattle were purchased in
Texas under contracts with the Government to
deliver them in New Mexico for as much as
forty dollars a head. They were purchased in
Texas for live dollars a head, and driven
through the Indian country. The Indians ran
off or stole a portion of the stock. The par-
ties delivered a portion of it and got their pay
for it at a high price, and then presented claims
to the Department for the stock taken by the
Indians, when they themselves ran the risk of
going through the Indian country. Yet they
held the Government responsible for the full
price of the cattle. It seems to me that when
they drive their cattle through the Indian coun-
try they should take the risk of it. Now,
there are droves of cattle from Texas going
through the Indian country to California, is
the Government going to be the insurer for all
those cattle driven through the Indian country ?
Are those persons rightfully in the Indian
country with the cattle under the law of 1831?
And yet the Department has decided to pay
some of these claims, and has paid them. We
have had such claims before us and examined
them. We thought the parties had already
received a sufficient amount of money for those
cattle, and some of those very cases are here
now awaiting the passage of this appropriation
bill for the purpose of taking all the appro-
priations made for those Indians.
Now, sir, we propose to make this an appro-
priation for those Indians according to treaty
stipulations. If these claims are just, let them
be px-esented to Congress and examined, and
let Congress decide upon them. If you are
going to insure all the property that goes into
the Indian country and through it, you will
take all the Indian appropriations, and you
will never have peace on the frontier as long
as you pursue that policy. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the amendment proposed by the
Senator from California to the amendment, on
which a division has been called.
Mr. VICKERS. What is that amendment?
Mr. WARNER. Will the Chair please state'
the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
reported again.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment is, after the word "thereof," at
the end of the sixth line, to insert "unless such
payment shall be required by treaty stipula-
tion."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I ask the Senator
from California to be good enough to withdraw
that amendment and not divide the Senate.
This is a bread bill, not a money bill.
Mr. COLE. I think there is no occasion for
withdrawing it. I think it will be voted down
from the indications.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope it will be.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not understand from
the amendment whether the payment is to be
according to existing treaties, or whether it is
to be determined by subsequent treaties.
Mr. COLE. Existing treaties, of course.
Mr. CORBETT. Then it will be provided
for in the regular appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. We are to make no more Indian
treaties I understand. It refers to existing
treaties of course.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes six, noes not counted.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. THAYER. That is upon agreeing to
section five; and upon that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 252.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to say to my friend
from Vermont that this is a question whether
the lives of the settlers on the frontier shall be
protected or not. This is not a bread bill.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to have the
section reported as it now stands before the
question is taken.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
amended, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That no part of the moneys
appropriated by this act, or which may hereafter be
appropriated in any gonoral act or deficiency bill
making appropriations for tho current and contin-
gent expenses of tho Indian department, to pay
annuities duo to or to bo used and expended for tho
care and benefit of any tribe or tribes of Indians
named horem, shall be applied to tho payment of
any claim for depredations that may have been or
may be committed by such tribo or tribes, or any
member or members thereof; and no claims for In-
dian dopredalionsshali hereafter bo paid until Con-
gress shall make special appropriation therefor; and
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent herewith are
hereby repealed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham. Corbctt, Davis, Edmunds, Fowler, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Ilowo, Howell,
McCroory, Morrill ot Maine, Vratt, Sprague, Sum-
ner, Thurman, Viekers, and Warner—21.
NAYS — Messrs. Chandler, Colo, Hamilton of
Texas, Howard, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Iticc, Ross,
Spencer, Slewnrt, Thayer, and Tipton—17.
ABSENT—Mossrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cameron. Carpenter, Casserly, Cattell, Conklins,
Oragin, Drake, denton, Ferry, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Harris, Johnslon, Lewis, Morton, Norton, Patterson,
fool, Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz,
Scott, Sherman, Stockton. Trumbull, Willey, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—3-1.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire if the honorable
Senator from Maine is through with the amend-
ments of the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. J believe all the
amendments that were reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have been acted
upon; but I have one or two other amend-
ments to offer. On page 3, line forty, on the
recommendation of the department, I move to
increase the appropriation $1,500. The clause
now reads, "for contingencies, including
traveling, incidental, current, and contingent
expenses of superintendents and agents, and
of their offices, $36,500." I propose to make
that 538,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I haveone other
amendment to offer. It is to amend the fourth
section, on page 70, by adding thereto the fol-
lowing words:
And the commission of citizens serving without
pay, appointed by tho President under tho fourth
section of the act of April 1(1,18(r\ is hereby continued
so long as the appropriations heretofore made lor
their expenses shall last.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, (at five minutes to ten o'clock
p. m.) I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Probably we may
make some further progress if we stay a little
longer.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us go on for awhile.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senatorfrom Indi-
ana, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to—-ayes ten,
noes not counted.
Mr. IiARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to offer several
amendments to the bill, which are printed. I
will send them to the Secretary and ask that
they be read in the order in which they stand
as printed. The first is to insert on page 4,
after line seventy-one, the following:
For improvement of farms on which the Apaches,
Kiowas, and Comanches are located in the Indian
country, and for the supportof schools among thein,
and other benelicient purposes, to be expended
under the direction of tho Secretary of the Interior,
$20,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have the chairman of the committee explain
that amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. The explanation is very
short. The Friends, as it is known to the Sen-
ate, are in charge of these Indians as well as the °
other Indians in the central superintendency.
They say they need a few thousand dollars more
than is provided for by treaty stipulations for
the purpose of improving their farms, buying
seeds and agricultural implements and animals
for use on their little farms, for the purpose
of fencing in some more ground, breaking up
some more prairie.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is an appro-
priation of $20,000.
Mr. HARLAN. Twenty thousand dollars.
They ask for more than this ; but on consult-
ation with the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
it was ascertained that he would be able out
of some balances of appropriations to eke out
the residue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I believe at the
instance of the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs an amendment was made on
page 2 of the bill, in line thirteen, so as to
make the clause read " for pay of sixty-four
interpreters." I am inclined to think that
was an error.
Mr. HARLAN. I will agree to have that
rescinded. I think I was in error.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I ask that
by unanimous consent that, be corrected, and
the clause be allowed to stand as it came from
the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection that amendment will be con-
sidered as reconsidered and rejected. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. After the amendment just
adopted on my motion, on page 4, after line
seventy-one, I move to insert the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may -bo
necessary, for tlio subsistence of the Arapahoe, Chey-
enne, Apache, lviowa, and Comancho Indians, who
liavo been collected and located upon tho reserva-
tions set apart for their uso and occupation by tho
treaties made with them in 1867, $220,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire of the
Senator from Iowa whether that is a part of
the sum recommended by the Secretary of the
Interior—a part of the §250,000?
Mr. HARLAN. Ye3, it is a part of the sum
recommended by the Secretary of the Interior
on account ofthere having been an entire omis-
sion in the treaty of any provision for the sub-
sistence of these Indians. There is not a dollar
in this bill, or provided for in any treaty, for
the subsistence of these Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If that i3 tho
particular item, I am satisfied with it.
Mr. THURMAN. I discover that there are
sixteen pages of amendments to ,be offered
by the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and we see the importance of them
by this item of $220,000 for which there is no
provision of law and no treaty. I do not know
that I sh?ll be opposed to it at all; but I do
think that at this time of the night we had bet-
ter not begin the consideration of amendments
so important as that, but had better adjourn. I
therefore move thatthe Senate donowadjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 12, noes 21.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate refuses to adjourn,; but there is no quorum
voting.
Mr. SUMNER. If there is not a quorum,
we must adjourn.
Mr.EDMUNDS. No; we must not. There
is a quorum here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 20; as follows.:
YEAS—Messrs, Davis, Hamilton of Maryland,
Ilamlin, McCrccry, Pratt, Ramsey, Ross, burnnor,
Thayer, Thurman, Vickers, and Warner—1-. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham. Chandler, Corbett, Edmunds. Ila.miltonot
Texas, ilarian, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Mori ill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, loi.i-
eroy, Rice, Sprague, and Stewart 4).
ABSENT—Messrs, Abbott, Bayard. Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cattell, 0ok, Ooak-
