1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
searched for arms, and other passengers were
obliged to undergo a similar imposition. The
fact that a man is an American is deemed to
be, by those vigilant British detectives, suffi-
cient ground upon which to predicate suspicion
of treason against that Government.
If this is the usage in cases of American
natives, it cannot be surprising that men who
are Irish by birth, but who have inhaled the
free principles of this Republic, are especially
the objects of hatred and oppression. A hasty
expression, or an intemperate word, uttered
probably in the warmth of a friebdly greeting,
or in the enthusiasm for American institutions,
is sufficient^ to cause arrest, and sometimes
months of imprisonment. It cannot be for-
gotten that in some of the trials of such pris-
oners held two years ago, the prosecutors gave
in evidence language spoken in NevbYork as
proof against the prisoners, and thOTgh this
ground was at last abandoned, yet it was for
some time maintained by Irish magistrates,
and I fear is still practiced by Irish officials,
causing arrest and detention preliminary to
examination. Those under arrest and deten-
tion now may be such cases 1 At any rate, the
mere possibility of it is enough tojustify the
passage of this resolution by the Hou«e, and
indeed, of the original resolution, which is
imperative in its demands for release, offered
by my colleague, [Mr. Cox.] The assertion,
therefore, that the Irish-American political
prisoners now in English jails are there because
of their violation of English laws, is a mere
belief without any foundation whatever. Every
reasonable conclusion, judging by the past, is
to the contrary. They are there simply because
they are Americans who, having imbibed the
spirit of true liberty on this side of the Atlantic,
are necessarily the objects of British suspicion,
surveillance, and hatred. And that this Gov-
ernment should hesitate to demand their imme-
diate release is a marvel and a shame.
But the gentleman fears giving offense to
England. Does England fear giving offense
to us? Have we not suffered enough from
England ? Is not our history, from the Ameri-
can Revolution down, full of insults and out-
rages upon our honor and rights by that arro-
gant Power? From the war of the Revolution
down to the war of 1812, a period of over a
quarter of a century, she refused to acknowl-
edge our independence on the seas, though
she had been compelled to do so on the land,
only consenting when forced to do so by arms.
From that period until our late war within our-
selves she lay a silent but jealous observer of
our growing power, "afraid to strike and too
proud to concede." But in that internal con-
flict, at a moment of danger to our nationality,
when the destinies of this great Republic were
held by a hair, she stealthily, meanly, and cow-
ardly intervened, so as to throw the chances
of fate against us. What was her course then ?
In the Trent affair, when neither the integrity
of her soil nor the liberty of her citizens was
at stake, she promptly rebuked our interfer-
ence, and demanded the immediate return of
the prisoners taken from that ship. These per-
sons, Mason and Slidell, had violated Ameri-
can laws, and yet England threw over them the
mantle of British protection, quite ready to
fight the United States, at that particular time,
if we refused to release them.
Nor was this the extent of theanimns evinced.
In every way, during that war, she aided and
abetted the insurgents of the southern States.
Privateers were fitted out in her ports; in-
trigues, to effect our ruin, even plotted in her
cabinet; millionsof gold were proffered to the
South hy her capitalists, and promises of mate-
rial aid were pledged by her Government. She
did not hesitate to do all she could, short of
war, to divide our Union, and at a time, too,
when we were made helpless by internal war.
If it be true, as alleged by the gentleman from
Vermont, that thepoor prisoners no win English
prisons are there in consequence of an attempt
to divide the kingdom of England, their con-
duct is not unlike that of England herself in
our own case, but with this difference, that the
conduct of England, under the-circumstances,
was stealthy and cowardly, while that of the
poor Irish-Americans is open and manly. And
what redress does Great Britain offer us?
None at all. She seeks to palliate the wrongs
inflicted, by dining our embassadors; by send-
ing home the body of an American philan-
thropist in state; and by sending us a prince
of the realm. We have asked for redress, and
they give us courtesy and evasion. We have
negotiated and treated, but thus far are with-
out the remedy and the recompense which our
wounded honor and pecuniary losses require
in return for the insults and outrages we have
endured. I think, therefore, the gentleman
from Vermont is not justified in speaking of
England as a friendly nation; nor is he j ustified
in attributing the arrests recently made of
American citizens in Ireland to their attempt
to divide that kingdom, nor to the violation of
British laws. Nor is there just cause for his
complaint that this is an unusual proceeding.
The last Congress passed several resolutions of
a like character, and in one or two instances, of
a far more decided character.
On the 7th March, 1867, the House of Rep-
resentatives unanimously passed the following
resolution:
" Betolved, That the President of the United States
is hereby requested to communicate to this House
all correspondence, documents, and proceedings in
possession of the Departments relating to the arrest,
imprisonment, and treatment of American citizens
in jGhreat Britain or its provinces within two years
last past."
On the 18th March another resolution yet
more positive in its terms was passed, as fol-
lows :
" Betolved, That the President of the U nited States
be requested, if not incompatible with the public
interest, to communicate to this House such inform-
ation as he may have of the results of the late trials
of citizens of the United States under the charge of
complicity in the so-called Fenian invasion of that
province.
On the 20th of Siarch, 1867, the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr, Shanks] introduced the fol-
lowing resolution; which was unanimously
adopted by the House:
"Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be, and they arc hereby, instructed to investigate
the cause of and any facts connected with the
imprisonment for life in Canada of Rev. John
McMahon, a citizen of Anderson, Indiana, and pas-
tor of the Catholic church at that place, and what
means, if any, should be taken for his relief, and for
such purposes have power to send for persons and
papers, and that said committee report their invest-
igations to this House as etrly as practicable."
On the 18th of July, 1867, the following res-
olution was adopted:
"Betolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be requested to report immediately whether any
American citizens nave been arrested, tried, con-
victed, or sentenoed in Great Britain or Ireland for
words or acts spoken or done in the United States."
On January 6, 1868, the House adopted
another resolution, giving instructions to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, as follows:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affair*
be requested to investigate the matter of the arrest
and imprisonmen t of David Fitzgerald, an American
citizen, by the British authorities, and the arrest and
imprisonment or other maltreatment by said authori-
ties of any other American citizen whose case shall
come to the knowledge of said committee; and that
the committee report by bill or otherwise with all
convenient speed."
On June 11, 18G8, the following resolution
was adopted by the House:
"Whereas it appears from the Kingston (Canada
West) Daily News and other Canadian daily papers
that Rev. John McMahon, a Catholic priest, and a
citizen of the State of Indiana, who was convicted
and sentenced to imprisonment in the penitentiary
for the period of fifteen years for having exercised
his sacerdotal duties toward the Fenian dead and
wounded in the Fenian invasion of 1866, has been
flogged in the Kingston penitentiary for having in
his possession a copy of the Irish-American news-
paper published in New York, and because he w<rald
not reveal the name of the party whose charity fav- i
oredhimwiththisgliinpseoftheouterworld: There- :
fore,
*Be 11 retolved. That the Committee on Foreign
Affairs make inquiry as to the facts of the case, and
if it be found that suoh brutal outrage has been in-
flicted as above stated, that the committee report to
this House what steps should be tak"en in the matter •
and the committee further inquire if such acts of1
brutality upon American citizens, if not the penal
servitude for a politioal offense in itself, be not an
outrage upon the honor and sovereignty of the U nited
States; and the committee shall have authority to
report at any time."
On the 25th Jane, 1868, the House adopted
the following resolution:
"Retolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform this House whether any
American citizens have been arrested, tried, con-
victed, or imprisoned in Great Britain for words
spoken and acts done in this country; whether any
American citizens have been by Great Britain denied
their rights as such, or otherwise treated as English
subjects; whether Amerioan citizens have been de-
nied the privilege of mixed juries; whether Ameri-
can citizens thus treated are now confined in English
prisons; and what he has done to secure the release
of any such persons, and why they have not been
released."
A joint resolution passed by both Houses of
Congress on the same day, the 9th of January,
1868, requested the President to intercede for
the release of American citizens imprisoned
in Great Britain and Ireland on insufficient
grounds. The joint resolution is in the follow-
ing terms:
"Beitresolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the President be requested to intercede
with her Majesty, the queen of Great Britain and
Ineland, to effect the immediate release of Colonel
John Warren, William J. Nagle, and any other
American citizens who have been arrested in Ireland
or elsewhere, and are now imprisoned without suffi-
cient grounds to charge them with the commission
of any offense against the laws of Great Britain."
Another joint resolution passed on the same
day, and having reference to the case of Robert
Lynch, is in the following terms:
" Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the President of the United States be
requested to intercede with her Majesty, the queen
of Gaeat Britain, for the purpose of securing the
speedy release of Robert Lynch, of Wisconsin, now
imprisoned in the province of Canada,"
Finally, in July, 1868, an act was passed
declaratory of the principles upon which this
Government should act with reference to such
cases, and requiring the President to make
demands on any foreign Power who should
without just cause imprison an American
citizen for political offenses. This law is so
important that I present it entire :
"An act concerning the rights of Amerioan citizens
in foreign States.
" Whereas the right of expatriation is a natural
and inherent right of all people, indispensable to the
enjoyment of the rights of life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness; and whereas in the reoognition
of this principle this Government has freely received
emigrants from all nations, and invested them with
the rights of citizenship; and whereas it is claimed
that such American citizens, with their descendants,
are subjects of foreign States, owing allegiance to
the Governments thereof; and whereas it is neces-
sary to the maintenance of public peace that this
claim of foreign allegiance should be promptly and
finally disavowed: Therefore,
_ " Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That any declaration, instruction, opinion,
order, or decision of any officer of this Government
which denies, restricts, impairs, or questions the
right of expatriation is hereby declared inconsistent
with the fundamental principles of this Government.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That all natural-
ised citizens of the United States while in foreign
States shall be entitled to and shall receive from
this Government the same protection of persons and
property that is accorded to native-born oitizens in
like situations and circumstances.
"Skc. 3. And be it further enacted. That whenever
itsliallbe made known to the President that any citi-
zen of the United States has been unjustly deprived
of his liberty by or under the authority of any for-
eign Government it shall be the duty of the Presi-
dent forthwith to demand of that Government the
reasons for such imprisonment, and if it appears to
be wrongful and in violation of the rights of Ameri-
can citizenship the President shall forthwith demand
the release of such citizen, and if the release so
demanded is unreasonably delayed or refused it shall
be the duty of the President to use such means, not
amounting to acts of war, as he may think necessary
and proper to obtain or effectuate such release, ana
all the facts and proceedings relative thereto shall
as soon as practicable he communicated by the Pres-
ident to Congress."
This act, Mr. Speaker, which is now the law,
was approved July 27, 1868. Therefore, sir,
we have a law on the statute-book expressly
provided to meet the cases like that which we
know now to exist. It is here made the duty
