2130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 22,
this. There must be some means by which he
can exercise this right of citizenship. The
only question here is whether General Ames
has exercised the right in harmony with the
laws of the country. If the right is conceded
the only question remaining is whether he has
exercised the right properly. Now let us look
at his case.
There is one point that is not in the report
which was before the committee, and that was
that General Ames established that he had
abandoned any intention of returning to Maine
many years ago. That fact left him without a
home, we may say, without any residence or
citizenship anywhere; his home was in the
Army for the time being. Having no fixed
place of abode, he had a right to fix his citi-
zenship somewhere; he had a right to claim
the privilege of voting somewhere; he had a
right to vote, and he had a right to fix the
location in order that he might go to the polls
and vote when election day came. The par-
ticular time when he should exercise that right
no one could control except himself. The
occasion on which he sought to exercise that
right is the very question before us. I do not
contend that his residence in Mississippi be-
fore the day he fixed his intention to become
a citizen of that State gave him any citizenship
whatever there. I do not claim that the fact
of his being ordered to Mississippi of itself
gave him any right to citizenship there, nor
does it even raise a presumption in his favor.
But he, being in Mississippi, having been there
for two years, liavinglooked overall theground,
being legally and properly there, had a right to
make up his mind whether m the future Mis-
sissippi should be his home, or whether he
would wait until a future day and fix it some-
where else.
If he ever had the right, he had it on the
day when he exercised it. Why not that day
as wellas any other ? Why not for the reasons
that he had in his own mind, as well as for
other reasons ? He had deliberated for weeks,
and I believe fov months, on the point whether
he would abandon military life and take up
Mississippi as his future home. For public
and private reasons he says he decided to do
so. He decided that he would make that
State his future home. What else had he to
do; what other thing had he to perform?
There was his actual presence; there was his
actual intention. No one disputes that that
was his intention ; no one disputes that he had
in good faith made up his mind to become a
citizen, except the qualification stated here by
the Senator from New York, which I think he
misunderstands, or else I do. Here was the
way the matter came up as to the doubt ex-
pressed whether he would have remained in
Mississippi. He stated that his hesitation was
to become a citizen of Mississippi, but that he
publicly expressed the intention to become
such to various persons; that he had determ-
ined upon that, absolutely and certainly.
After having made that statement he was
asked thequestion, " Would you have remained
in Mississippi and made that your home if
you had not been elected to the Senate?" Ilis
answer was that it was doubtful; and he an-
swered that further right then, showing that
he was not doubtful at the time, that ho had
made up his mind ; not that he had any doubts
then, for he says he did not have any doubts
then about it, because he was certain of his
election and no doubt entered his mind. But
allowing that he had a doubt, coming down to
close questions of reasoning, if it did depend
on whether he was elected Senator or not, the
very moment that he was elected that very
moment the doubt was resolved, and they were
concurrent acts ; and at the time of his election
he was a citizen of the State. That would be
tin; result even if there was a doubt in his
mind; and he says there was not; but I will
presume that it was doubtful ; I will presume
that although he had no doubt at the lime, yet
after the election was over if he had been de-
feated he might have changed his mind; but
he did not have any doubt as to the result.
There were affidavits of witnesses before the
committee who swore that they talked with
him and that he expressed himself absolutely
as having become a citizen of the State, and
resolved to make that his future home, that he
had cast his lot with the people of Mississippi
and was going to remain there.
Mr. HOWARD. I should be very glad if
the Senator could produce any of those affi-
davits to which he alludes.
Mr. RICE. There were two affidavits : one
from the district attorney of the northern dis-
trict of Mississippi, and one from his adjutant
general.
Mr. HOWARD. Has the Senator got them ?
Mr. RICE. No, sir; they are with the com-
mittee. Those affidavits make no qualifica-
tion ; they are absolute as to his intent and
understanding at the time.
The constitution of the State of Mississippi,
in article one of the bill of rights, declares
"all persons resident in this State, citizens of
the United States, are hereby declared citizens
of the State of Mississippi." I contend that
under that clause of the constitution of Missis-
sippi, he being actually presentonthe ground,
whenever he made up his mind in good
faith to become a citizen of Mississippi he
became not only an inhabitant but a citizen
of that State. The particular acts that he did
as evidences of it are immaterial. It is not the
acts that followed that make the citizenship ;
the acts arc only evidence of the intent; it is
the intent coupled with an actual presence in
the State that makes citizenship. The proof
is that he had that intent and that he was
actually present, and he acted upon that in-
tent ; he became a candidate for the Senate.
He did all that a single man could do. He
could not do any acts merely for the purpose
of showing to the world that he was a citizen.
Those acts would have been mere subterfuges ;
they would not have been any evidence in his
favor. He did just what he would have done
under the same circumstances had he been a
native there. What more would a single man
have done ten days before the election than
simply to attend to his business as a candi-
date for the Senate?
What more could he have done? He was
not obliged to buy a house unless he wanted
one, nor a horse, nor a cow. These could not
be the only evidences. If the bona fide intent
to become a citizen of the State existed, he
needed no such evidence. There is no mem-
ber of the committee who heard General Ames
make his statement of his intent but was well
satisfied and is now well satisfied that he in
good faith intended to reside in Mississippi.
It was manifest from the frank, fair manner in
which he expressed himself. He did, it is
true, additional acts which were wholly unne-
cessary, but they were evidence. He went on
to make arrangements for the coming year for
farming purposes, and had nearly completed
them. I suppose the excitement of the con-
test before him prevented his completing the
arrangement, but that is wholly immaterial.
The question simply resolves itself down to
whether that intent was in good faith absolute
and made with a view of carrying it out in the
future.
I do not propose to look at this question in
a political sense, but I propose to look at it in
a legal sense only. I will take the case in this
form : 1 will suppose that the day before Gen-
eral Ames left Mississippi to come here a cit-
izen of the State of Maine bad sued him in the
circuit court of the United Statesforthat State,
alleging, in order to give jurisdiction, that he,
the plaintiff, wasacitizen of the State of Maine
ar.d that General Ames was a citizen of the
State of Mississippi. General Ames employs
as his attorney, we will say, the Senator fro'm
New York, to attend to his case. The Senator
preparesa plea to the jurisdiction, alleging that
General Ames is not, and was not at the iusti
tution of that suit, a citizen of the State of
Mississippi. He goes to General Ames with
that plea and tells him, " It is necessary for you
to swear to this plea before I file it." General
Ames reads it and says to him, " I cannot swear
to that; after consideration for weeks I came
to the determination to make Mississippi my
home; I expressed my determination to become
a citizen of Mississippi, and I have so regarded
myself ever since ; I have expressed this de-
termination to my neighbors; I have acted
upon this determination; it was made in good
faith; I have no residence anywhere else, and
this I regard as my residence." Would the
Senator from New York on that statement
have said to him, "That makes no difference ;
you can truthfully swear to this plea, notwith-
standing all that; you can with all propriety
swear to this plea; there is nothing in what you
have said about your intention to be a citizen
of Mississippi in conflict with that?" I do not
think he would have done so. Or if he had so
advised him, and the general had sworn to that
plea, I do not think any court in Mississippi
or the United States or any jury would have
found in his favor upon it. I think you can
try that case on such a plea before the Senate,
or before a court or jury, and every time the
finding will be that General Ames was a citizen
of Mississippi, not of any other place. The
doctrine has been settled as to what it takes to
make a citizen of a man. It was first settled
in this country, I believe, in the case of Cooper
vs. Galbraith, 3 Washington's Circuit Court
Reports. The court say:
"If a citizen of one State shall think proper to
change his domicile and remove himself and iamily,
if he have one, into another State, with a bona fide
intention of abandoning his former place of resi-
dence and to become an inhabitant or resident of
the State to which he removes, he becomcs imme-
diately upon such removal, accompanied with such
intention, a resident or citizen of that State, and may
maintain an action in the circuit court of the State
which he has abandoned, or any other State."
All that is required, this court says, is an
actual removal to the State, accompanied with
the intention of remaining there. The bona
fide intention governs ; acts are proof of that
intention. The court in that or another ease
say that the statements of a party are not as
strong in his favor as acts are, because state-
ments may not be true; but if they are true,
if he has removed in good faith, then it is imma-
terial what acts accompany that removal more
than the removal itself.
In Reed vs. Bartram, 4 Washington's Cir-
cuit Court Reports, the court say:
"Judicial citizenship, or that species of citizen-
ship intended by the Constitution and law of Con-
gress in reference to the jurisdiction of the circuit
court of the United States, is nothing more nor less
than residence or domicile in a particular State, the
person claiming to be, a citizen of such State being
at the same time a citizen of the United States."
_ This doctrine is affirmed in all the cases
since. It was affirmed by the Supreme Court
of the United States in a case reported in 6
Howard ; and it is the settled doctrine of the
country that it is the single fact of actual pres-
ence, with a determination in good faith to
make that the place of a man's future home,
which settles the question of inhabitancy.
Taking that view of the case, I had no hesita-
tion in coming to the conclusion which I did,
that General Ames was not only an inhabitant
of the State of Mississippi, but that he was at
the time of his election a bona fide citizen of
that State.
It was said by the Senator from New York
that a person cannot acquire a residence for a
particular purpose or for some particular rea-
son. That doctrine I think is not sustained by
the authorities. It has been settled by the
Supreme Court that a man having a claim
against his neighbor may remove out of his
State into another State for the sole purpose
of suing upon that claim in the United States
circuit court; that if his change of domicile is
in good faith and without the intention of re-
turning the motive that induced it has nothing
lo do with it, and his right to sue in the United
