172
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 21,
Ho. os Beps.
Sisters of Our Lady of Mercy—Mr. Bowen.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Sir, many years ago, without reference to
the war, without regard to any particular inter-
est, with nothing to subserve but "God and
humanity" in its broadest and most catholic
sense, a baud of noblewomen separatedthem-
selves from the world and all its pleasures and
ambitions, and, under the celestial name of
"The Sisters of our Lady of Mercy," devoted
themselves and their lives to the cause of reliev-
ing the miseries and sufferings ofmankind. They
established themselves at the city of Charles-
ton, in South Carolina, and dispensed their
charities to all alike, without regard to creed,
nationality, or caste; to be in need was the only
passport required to share their affections and
their charities. By thrift, economy, industry,
and the gifts of the well-disposed and grateful
people of the city and neighborhood of Charles-
ton, these angelic women erected a large and
valuable edifice in furtherance of their misson,
which was used as an orphan asylum and
seminary of learning for the pooraud destitute,
which was presided over by Sister Xavier, the
principal of the order.
The religious faith of these devoted women is,
as I am informed, the Roman Catholic. While,
sir, I am not myself a member of that denom-
ination, and while lam aware that the major-
ity of the members of this House are of the
Protestant faith, it gives me heartfelt pleasure
to state upon this floor, as an act of simple jus-
tice, that there is not a religious sect in this
country that has done more in the cause of
charity and mercy than the Roman Catholic
denomination. Ever the pioneers of our front-
iers, they carry the blessings of Christianity in
advance of the march of civilization, and min-
ister to the spiritual and physical wants of the
savage on the distant plains and in the mount-
ains with the same free hand and pious heart
that they perform the same duties to their own
people. .But, Mr. Speaker, the order of the
Sisters of Mercy, for whom relief is asked by
this bill, represents no sect. Their religion is
too broad, too far-reaching, too comprehensive
and penetrating to be classified. It is catholic
in the mostgeneral sense of that term, embrac-
ing as it does the whole human family and
lesting upon the foundations of utter self-abne-
gation and devotion to the alleviation of suffer-
ing, wherever it is to be found, without other
reward than the approval of conscience and a
hope of heaven.
I liuve said this much, Mr. Speaker, on the
subject of the religion of the members of this
order and the general character of their work
in order to dispel from the mind of any mem-
ber of this House any prejudice that might
rest there against the Roman Catholic church,
and that the action of this House on this bill
may be like that of the Sisters of Mercy,
moved solely by a desire to do what is just and
right; and having once placed this House in
that attitude I have little fear of the result
when I shall have narrated before it the ser-
vices that this holy order have performed for
the United States Government in ministering
to its bleeding, starving, and dying soldiers in
the darkest and most trying hour of the Re-
public, and the losses it has sustained at the
hands of that Government.
Sir, after the erection of this seminary and
orphan asylum in the city of Charleston these
good Sisters continued to minister to the wants
of the suffering; stopping not to inquire whether
they were from Maine or South Carolina, from
Massachusetts or Georgia ; whether they were
Catholic or Protestant. Many, Mr. Speaker,
is the unfortunate orphan they have snatched
from a career of crime and degradation and
reared into an educated and respected citizen.
Thousands are the cases where their timely aid
has preserved lives that would otherwise have
been sacrificed to disease and want. These
services, Mr. Speaker, alone would entitle them
to the love and respect of this House, even if
they did not induce it to award them material
aid.
But, sir, when the civil war broke out, and
these good Sisters found themselves in the front
of the great conflict, located at a point where
centered the most bitter feeling, where raged
the fiercest struggle, did they falter or fly?
No, Mr. Speaker, that cannot be said; they
saw but an enlarged field of duty in the mighty
conflict; they organized for the work; they
knew no section. Located in the heart of the
South, their boundless love and charity em
braced the whole North. They took sides with
none; but as the Saviour taught mercy and char-
ity they practiced them. The war progressed;
■ Charleston became a depot for Federal pris-
oners ; all the prison-houses were filled to
overflowing; the race-course was converted
into a prison-pen and crowded with suffering
Union prisoners, and the horrors of Ander-
sonville were being repeated. During this
time these Sisters were unremitting in their
care of and attention to these suffering soldiers
of the United States. They were, in fact, the
outy ones who could or did administer to the
wants of those who, in the midst of their ene-
mies, distant from home, in a beleaguered city,
were hopelessly cut off from succor. In this
trying hour could be seen these holy women
smoothing the pillows of the sick, feeding the
hungry, clothing the naked, and affording con-
solation to the dying and despairing. No case
of suffering or sickness was allowed to escape
them; to the very limit of their means and
endurance were they faithful to their work.
As the bombardment of the city progressed
the shot and shell of the Union armies and
ships battered down their house. Their lender
flock was again without a fold, and the labor
of a life lay at their feet a mass of shapeless
ruins, and this inflicted by the forces whose
sick and wounded prisoners they were nursing
with motherly and sisterly affection and ten-
derness. Did they repine, did they desert their
charge, did they even entertain a harsh thought
toward the authors of their loss ? Far from it,
sir. Their work went on with redoubled vigor
and increased fidelity. About this time that
dreadful scourge, the yellow fever, broke out
in the camp of the prisoners and added con-
sternation and terror to the catalogue of mis-
eries they were enduring. Strong men fled,
physicians deserted their posts, and men were
left to die with none but a sick comrade to
render them what poor assistance the prison-
pen afforded. During all this period of panic
and sickness these devoted Sisters were as faith-
ful to their vows as the needle to the pole.
Throughout the whole progress of the war
their fortitude and self-denial showed forth
with preeminent luster. Their own privations
were, indeed, in many respects severe, but the
suffering was endured. The sick and wounded
Federal prisoners were upheld by that kind of
holy fortitude which enabled the Christian
martyrs to smile amid the flames and to tri-
umph even in the agonies of death. Never
did wife or mother minister to the wants of
husband or son with more affection or fidelity
than did they to the Union prisoners.
* Sir, I speak from the best evidence when I
say that to their efforts alone is due the lives
of thousands of Union soldiers which would
otherwise have been sacrificed by sickness and
want. I hold in my hand, sir, the petition of
these Sisters of Mercy to this Congress, for an
appropriation of $20,000 to enable them to
rebuild their asylum. It is signed by twenty
senators and fifty representatives of the South
Carolina Legislature, to which is attached a
joint resolution of the Legislature of that State
praying Congress to make the appropriation.
The petition and resolution setforth the facts,
in a brief manner, which I have related in the
presentation of this matter to the House. Ac-
companying these documents are numerous
letters from various prominent persons and
officials of the country to Sister Xavier and
others, advocating and recommending the
granting by Congress of the relief asked by
this bill. Among these letters are the most
touching expressions of gratitude from Union
officers and soldiers to this much-beloved Sis-
ter for the manifold acts of kindness bestowed
by her and her coworkers when they were suf-
fering in the prisons and hospitals of Charles-
ton. These sentiments come from men of all
rank, from general to private, and are distrib-
uted over the States of the whole Union far and
wide. They tell but one story—that of unre-
mitting kindness and love to them when in
prison and in want.
Mr. Speaker, I feel in my heart that could
this House hear them all read no member
whose heart beats with humanity could for a
moment resist their influence, but each would
hasten to record his vote in support of this
measure. But as my time is too limited for
the reading of lengthy papers I will content
myself by making a few extracts for your
consideration and in support of what I have
already said.
Captain JohnE. Micheuer, ofthe eighty-fifth
Pennsylvania infantry, writes to Sister Xavier,
underdate of April 6, 1869, amongolher things,
as follows :
" On my arrival at Charleston, South Carolina,
during the summer and fall of 186-1, with the ' immor-
tal ' six hundred who were placed under lire of the
Union guns on Morris Island, I met you and your
noble Sisters in the hospitals and prisons administer-
ing to the wants and comforts of my fellow-prisoners
by furnishing them not only with proper food, nour-
ishment, <fee., but even clothing to those who were
destitute. I also witnessed the noble sacrifice you
made in nursing our sick during those days when the
yellow fever was carrying off our best officers and
men, and when confederate officials wero too much
alarmed to even furnish water for the sick and dying;
and I know full well thatbutfor your untiring devo-
tion to our helple&3 officers and soldiers thousands
to-day would have been sleeping the sleep that
knows no waking."
Brevet Brigadier General John B. Dennis
writes to Sister Xavier:
" I venture to say that if any person, sect, or soci-
ety in any of the States recently in rebellion are enti-
tled to the consideration of the United States Gov-
ernment, most certainly it is the society ofthe Sisters
of Mercy of Charleston, South Carolina, for their
untiring dovotion to the unfortunates whose lot it
was to be prisoners of war in that city. Hundreds
of officers of the United States Army and thousands
of enlisted men (of the Army) can and will be glad
to testify to the uniform kindness and devotion to the
wants of allwho came within their reach while starv-
ing in tho jails and at the race course in that city,
or languishing in tho hospitals ofthe same.
" I for ono would be willing to bear my own ex-
penses to Washington to testify before any commit-
tee that may be appointed to consider tho subject."
His Excellency, Robert R. Scott, Governor
of South Carolina, under date of January 20,
1869, says:
" I earnestly recommend to the kind consideration
and good offices of our Senators and Representatives
in Congress Sister Xavier, of the religious order of
Our Lady of Mercy, who visitsWashington city with
a view of procuring an appropriation from Congress
forrebuildingher orphan asylumin Charleston, which
was destroyed during the bombardment of that city.
I was personally cognizant during my imprisonment
in Charleston, and subsequently while I was stationed
in that city, of the active and unceasing benevolence
of the Sisters of Mercy, their charitable offices being
freely dealt out to all who needed them without ref-
erence to class, condition, or nationality; and I
know of many of my friends and acquaintances in
the Federal Army who were the recipients of their
beneficial and kind attentions. Many a sick and
wounded Federal prisoner was indebted to them for
nourishment and attention, and frequently their
dying pillows were soothed and comforted by the
pious consolations of the Sisters. I earnestly hope
they may succeed in their petition to Congress."
Lieutenant Colonel T. S. Payne, ofthe one
hundredth New York volunteers, writes to the
President of the United States on this subject,
and after detailing his capture and imprison-
ment in Charleston, in speaking of a hospital
in which were many wounded Union soldiers,
says:
" This hospital was assigned exclusively to and for
our wounded prisoners, and all citizens were for-
