4018
THE' .CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
June 2,
- ling, Cragin, Drake, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Fow-
ler, Gilbert, Harris, Howard, Howell, Johnston,
lewis, Morton, Norton, Patterson, Pool, Kevels,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schure, Scott, Sher-
man, Spencer, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull, Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—40.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate refuses to adjourn; but there is no quorum
voting.
Mr. HAMLIN.- We are now'in the Senate.
The Senator from Iowa, as we are told, has a
very large number of amendments. If we
were in committee, and the action of the com-
mittee 
Mr. EDMUNDS. You are not in order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be directed to notify absent Senators
and request their attendance, and upon that
motion I will say what I have to say.
If we were in committee and could have an-
other vote upon what might be done now by a
less numberthan a quorum, I should certainly
be in favor of staying here; but we are not in
committee; we are in the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand we are in
committee. The bill has not been reported.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
has not been reported to the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I thought it was in the Sen-
ate, and I have acted upon that idea, suppos-
ing that there would be no other vote taken
upon any proposition upon' which we might
vote this evening.
Mt. MORRILL, of Maine. I think we might
devote another half hour to the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I voted to adjourn under
the apprehension that the votes taken to-night
were conclusive on our action. Now I find I
was mistaken, and I am willing to stay here
another halfbour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] moves that
the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to request the
attendance of absent Senators.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. MORRILL, of
Maine. We have not done any business sine'e
the last motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the motion to adjourn is in order.
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sorry for it.
The motion was agreed to; there being oil a
division—ayes 18, noes 16; and the Senate, at
eight minutes past ten o' clock p. m., adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 2, 1870.
TheHousernetateleveno'clocka. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D^ D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
SOLDIERS' MONUMENT, l'OUGIIKEEPSIE.
Mr. KETCHAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (II. R. No. 802)
donating condemned ordnance for a soldiers'
monument at Poughkeepsie, New York; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of War to deliver to the municipal authorities
of the city of Poughkeejisie, New York, three
condemned iron cannon, two condemned brass
cannon, and two hundred round shot, to be
used in the erection of a soldiers' monument
at that place.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
* Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
ami also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Tha latter motion was agreed to.
ASSESSMENT OF TAXES IN •WASHINGTON.
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2100) to amend the
laws regulating the assessment Of taxes in the
city of Washington; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee for. the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
grant of lands to a railroad. '
Mr'. CHAVES. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill granting lands to the Ral-
ston City and Gila River Railroad Company,
of New Mexico, for reference to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands. •
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. HOLMAN said: I shall not object, if
it is understood that the bill is referred, not
to be brought hack by motion to reconsider.
Mr. CHAVES. I agree to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. CHAVES then, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2107) granting
lands to the Ralston City and Gila River Rail-
road Company of New Mexico ; which .was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CHAVES moved to reconsider the res-
olution by which the bill was referred ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
■WESTERN JUDICIAL DISTRICT PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary a
bill (II. R. No. 2108) relating to certain coun-
ties of the western judicial district of Penn-
sylvania ; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. MERCUR. I ask to have the bill put
on its passage at the present time.
The bill was read. It provides, in its first
section, that all process in all actions and pros-
ecutions, and all judicial proceedings at law
or in equity, which shall hereafter arise, and
in which the defendant or defendants shall
reside in any of the following counties of the
western district of Pennsylvania, namely,
Wyoming, Union, Northumberland, Montour,
Columbia, Sullivan, Bradford, Tioga, Lycom-
ing, Snyder, Centre, Clearfield, Clinton, Cam-
eron, Susquehanna, and Potter, shall be issued
from and returnable to the courts of said dis-
trict, to be holder, at Williamsport, and,
together with all suits, prosecutions, or busi-
ness heretofore begun, pending and undeterm-
ined, arising from any of the said counties,
shall be heard or tried there only ; unless with
the consent of parties the court shall direct
the same to be heard or tried at the courts to
be holden at Pittsburg or Eric, in said district.
The second section proposes to transfer to
the eastern district of Pennsylvania the county
of Luzerne, now attached to the western dis-
trict of said State, to form a part of the said
eastern district for all judicial purposes, in the
same manner and with the same effect as be-
longs to the eastern counties of said district.
It further provides that all judicial processes,
both at law and in equity, issued in said county,
shall be served, returned, and proceeded with
as in the other counties of said district; pro-
vided that nothing in this section shall affect
suits and proceedings now pending in the west-
ern district of Pennsylvania; and provided fur-
ther, that nothing in this act shall affect any
proceeding in regard to the taking of the pend-
ing census. .
Mr. HOLMAN. I beg to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether this
bill makes any provision with reference to the
clerks and officers of the court ?
Mr. MERCUR. There is already a court
established there, and the bill merely provides
that the business from several counties most
contiguous to it shall be there determined.
Mr. HOLMAN. It does not provide for
another clerk or marshal ?
Mr. MERCUR. It creates no new judges,
clerks, marshals, or other officers.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I have no objection
to the bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by
striking out the word "Cameron."
Mr. MERCUR. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then'ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
cruelty to animals.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, by unanimous eon-
sent, reported back from the Committee on
Agriculture a bill (H. R. No'. 2018) to prevent
cruelty to animals while in transit by railroad
or other means of transportation within the
United States; which was recommitted to the
same committee, and ordered to be printed.
joseph o. m'nutt.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
a bill (H. R. No. 2109) to authorize a settle-
ment of the accounts of Joseph G. McNutt;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to have the bill put
upon its passage. After it is read I will state
the facts of the case, and I think there will be
no objection to it.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department, in the settlement of the accounts
of Joseph G. McNutt, late captain and assist-
ant quartermaster, to allow him credit for all
disbursements which he shall prove by proper
vouchers to have been made in good faith and
for the benefit of the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that there is
a report accompanying the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I can state the facts in a
single moment. The money was expended in
building barracks for the Government, but
under the order of the commanding officer, and
not of the Quartermaster General. The vouch-
ers accompany the bill; but because there was
not an order from the Quartermaster General
the accounts could not be passed. This is to
give the Government authority to settle the
accounts. The money was expended properly,
and ought to be paid.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I rise, not to object, but
to inquire what has become of the general bill
on this subject.
Mr. LOGAN. The general bill passed this
IIousc. The Senate passed a bill just like it,
with the addition of a single word. That bill
is now lying on the Speaker's table ; but I do
not know whether it covers such cases as this,
because here there was no order from the
Quartermaster General. I think after the ex-
planation I have given there can be no objec-
tion in the world to this bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
assistant united states treasurer.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent .to report from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with a view to put
it upon its passage, a bill to provide for the
appointment of an Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at Baltimore.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. ARCHER. I hope the gentleman will
