4962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
will not become a law before to morrow. I
therefore ask to submit a joint resolution (II.
II. No. o54) providing for the retention of
those female temporary clerks in the Internal
Revenue Bureau.
Thejoint resolution, which was read, provides
that the Secretary of the Treasury be author-
ized to continue in employment the female
temporary clerks now employed in the Internal
Revenue Bureau for fifteen days from the 30th
of Jane, unless provision shall be made sooner
by law.
Mr. BIRD. Are these clerks needed there?
Mr. DAWES. They are; and it would pro-
duce confusion iu the office if they were turned
out.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw his objection. Both
Houses have already agreed to a provision for
the retention of these female clerks. This is
no new provision of law ; but as the bill in
which the provision is contained will not be-
come a law before the 30th of June, and as
these female temporary clerks are needed, it
is necessary that this joint resolution should
be passed. Both Houses have agreed to their
employment, and there is no new legislation
proposed. If that legislation could take effect
to-morrow, this would not be necessary. If
we do not make this provision the Secretary
nf the Treasury says that they must leave, as
he has no authority to keep them after to-night.
I hope the gentleman from Ohio will withdraw
his objection.
Mr, MUNGEN. My principal objection is
to the gentleman from Massachusetts occupy-
ing the floor all the time. I withdraw my
objection for salutary reasons.
Mr. DAWES. I thank the gentleman.
The joint resolution was received, read a
first and second time, and ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that tho motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest switzler vs. dyer.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I am directed by the
Committee of Elections to submit a report in
the case of Swiuler vs. Dyer, from the ninth
congressional district of Missouri, concluding
with the following resolutions:
Jiesolvctl, That David I'. Dyer is not entitled to a
scat in this House as a Representative ill the Forty-
First Congress from tho ninth congressional district
ol Missouii.
Hczulved, That "William P. Switzler is entitled to a
in this Houbtj as a Representative in the forty-
First Congress of the United States from the ninth
congressional district of Missouri.
The report was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CESSNA, from the same committee,
submitted the views of the minority; which
were also laid upon the table, an$ ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CHURCHILL. 1 desire to give notice
that I will call this report up for action on
Thursday next, after the morning houi\
crippled soldiers.
Mr. COBURN. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. LoOax] to offer a resolution.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
ltenolved,^ That the Dooikc-eper bo instructed to
return in his service during the vacation of Congress
eripuled soldiers now in his employ, and that they
be paid out of the contingent fund.
henry a. x5adiia.m.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask leave
to report from the select Committee on Recon-
struction, and to have put on its passage at this
time, the bill (S. No. 996) to relieve Henry A.
Badham from the legal and political disabili-
ties imposed by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States. I will
merely state that the bill is intended to correct
an error in the copying of a bill which has
already been passed.
There was no objection.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave 01? absence.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa. My colleague, Mr.
McCrary*, desires to be excused from attend-
ance at the House to-day, on account of sick-
ness.
There was no objection; and Mr. McCrary
was excused.
national currency.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana is entitled to the lloor for twenty-two
minutes.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, I hope that
the report from the committee of conference
will not be agreed to. It seems to me that the
committee have, according to their own rep-
resentations, mistaken the effect of this bill.
We have heard an explanation irom the mem-
bers of the committee as to its effects and the
position taken by the Senate. Unless I am
very greatly mistaken, this matter has been
settled upon an entirely erroneous basis and
upon a misapprehension of the facts.
What I say must be more or less necessarily
personal, because it will relate to what has
been stated by the members of this commit-
tee, and to the position which these gentlemen
have taken upon this floor in relation to the
question. The chairman of the committee, in
addressing the House yesterday, stated that
he was in favor of a contraction of the cur-
rency. Perhaps I had better quote the lan-
guage used by the gentleman. He said :
''Although I was and am personally opposed to
such inuruaso, I nevertheless felt it my duty as a
representative of the House, to the fullest extent of
my ability, to impress upon the conferees on theuart
of the Senate the de-iru of tho House to increase the
amouiit of issue to $05,000,OUU."
Again the gentleman said :
"While I have tried to do my whole duty as a
member of the conference committee, I must express
my gratification with tho prospeetthat this Congress
will not plunge any deeper into the sea of paper
money."
Therefore, we have the chairman of the com-
mittee on the part of the House, who is him-
self diametrically opposed to this bill, this
$95,000,000 bill, saying that he labored to the
extent of his ability to have this bill of the
House adopted by the conference committee.
Well, if a blind man would say that he could
see, or a man without limbs would say that he
could walk, then it seems to me that the chair-
man of the committee might say that he did
efficient work in order to secure a bill which
he believes unduly expands the currency. So
much for the gentleman from Ohio.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Jones]
says that he favored this measure because there
was ledistribution in it, and because there was
expansion m it. It would seem that nothing
could be a greater mistake than that. Redis-
tribution in this bill! What redistribution is
there? Where is the §25,000,000 which the
gentleman from Kentucky says he is going to !
get, in the distribution of which his people will
have a share? The bill provides that there
shall be $25,000,000 of redistribution ; but in
the same section there is a proviso that no por-
tion of that amount shall be withdrawn under
the provisions ot that section until after the
$45,000,000 granted in the first section shall
have been taken up. How, then, can it be said
that we in any form receive that $"25,000,000?
Where is the possibility of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Jones] getting one dime of dis-
tribution under this bill? Here are $45,000,000
to be issued in place of §45,000,000 of three
per cent, certificates. Now, that $45,000,000
must all be taken by the States that are defi-
cient in this circulation before a dime can be
redistributed. How long a time will be re-
quired for that §45,000,000 to be taken up
by the States that have not an excess of cir-
culation? What does the bill provide? It
provides:
That if applications for the circulation herein ;
authorized shall not bo made, within one year after
the passage of this act, by hanking associations
organized or to bo organised in States having less
than their proportion, ifc shall bo lawful for the
Comptroller of tho Currency to issue such circula-
tion to banking associations applying for the same
in other States or Territories having less than their
proportion, giving tho preference to such as have the
greatest deficiency.
It will be an entire year before this matter
can begin to be reached; and then, after the
expiration of a year, and they begin to exhaust
the untaken portion of the $45,000,000—there
is no certainty when that work will be com-
pleted and the whole amount absorbed—there
is no limitation to the time in which that dis-
tribution is to go on. Let me call the atten-
tion of the House to the particular facts of the
case. These $45,000,000 are to be distributed
through the western and southern States, in-
cluding California, Oregon, and Nevada. Now,
we all know very well that not one dime of this
national bank currency founded upon the green-
back circulation will be taken in the three
Pacific States. And whatever banking is done
there under this bill, if it passes, will be done
under the gold-note clauses. You can, there-
fore, see that it is absolutely certain that not
one solitary dime of this paper money will be
taken in California, Oregon, and Nevada.
Those States want gold and gold notes, and
nothing else.
Then a whole year will have expired before
the §45,000,000 will be taken. At the end of
the year there will be left to go to the other
States that which California, Oregon, and Ne-
vada, and other States unable to do so, would
not take; and there is no means of telling how
long the other States will be in taking it up.
A year from now—when will that be? The
next session will have met and adjourned by
that time; and the question will still be open
and indefinite as to when this $45,000,000 will
be all absorbed. I tell the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Jones] that he is getting an
empty bauble in his hand—a thing not worth
having or talking about. He is acting under
a misapprehension of the facts when he says
that his people in Kentucky will get a part
of this redistribution within any reasonable
time.
Sir, we had better put off this bill until the
next Congress, and then pass a general meas-
ure of redistribution, as we ought to have done
early in this session. We had better do that
than to adopt this measure of contraction,
which tends directly to bring ruin and disaster
upon the country.
What did we do in 18G8? Wre passed a bill
preventing the contraction of the currency then
going on. There was a clamor all over the
land that the Secretary of the Treasury should
no longer have authority to contract the cur-
rency at the rate of $4,000,000 a month, as he
was then doing. He had already contracted
the legal-tender currency some $44,000,000,
and some of the other promises of the Gov-
ernment had also been taken up. And now
we have a bill here the only effect of which
can be contraction, and contraction to an
extent, so far as I can see, not one dime less
than $18,000,000. We are called upon to
swallow the bait of redistribution in order to
get this measure of contraction through, which
will plunge us into a gulf of bankruptcy and
ruin. I say that we had better a thousand
times let the law stand as it is now, until we
can get some reasonable measure through, and
not submit, like whipped children, to the behest
of a body that has obtained the command of
