1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1TB
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Polygamy in Utah—Mr. Hooper.
Ho. 03? Reps.
bidden permission to visit the hospital. But the
Sisters of Mercy, after much opposition, succeeded in
obtainingpcrmissionto visit thehospital tor tho pur-
pose of dispensing their truly Christian charity and
relieving the sufferings of the wounded and dying.
" I need not particularize, but will state that the
attention of these angels of mercy to our wounded
soldiers were at this time incessant and unceasing,
never failing to call daily, and some one or more of
them (of whom there seemed to bo many) calling
oftener and administering to the severer cases. In
the supplies of palatable food and changes of cloth-
ing furnished by tho Sisters to thoso destitute and
in all their ministrations they made no distinction
between rank, color, or oreed, but their efforts of
relief were directed to all alike."
General Gillmore, who carried on tho opera-
tions before Charleston, adds his testimony to
the meritorious character of this application.
He says:
"I most cheerfully add my name to this appeal in
behalf of tho 'Sisters of our Lady ot Mercy,' ol
Charleston, having in view the reconstruction of
their buildings destroyed by tho bombardment from
Morris Island. Tho aid rendered by tho Sisters' to
ourUnion prisonersduringthc war was unremitting,
and I havo no doubt that many valuable lives wore
saved to the Union cause thereby. I most earnestly
commend the cause ol the socioty to my friends and
others in Congress, and hope that an appropriation
for the object in view will be made."
Mr. Speaker, I could multiply evidence of
the merits of this bill to an extent that would
be wearisome to this House. There is but one
voice upon the subject from those whose mis-
fortunes made them the recipients of tho good
offices of these holy women, and that voice is
heard in an anthem of praise and gratitude for
their kindness and tender care. There is
scarcely a member of this House some one or
more of whose constituents are not indebted to
these Sisters for life or health. Could they be
gathered to-day about the Halls of this Capitol
such a shout would ascend to Heaven in testi-
mony of the love they bear these good Sisters
that the nation, through its Representatives on
this floor, would hasten to record its voice in
harmony with theirs.
Sir, it may be urged that should this bill be
passed it would form a precedent for paying
for private property destroyed during the war.
This objection might be raised did the Sisters
of Mercy, whose property was destroyed, make
any claim by way of compensation for the loss ;
but they do not. So delicate is their sense
of duty that they expressly decline not only to
make a claim l'or their services rendered or
property destroyed, but would be compelled to
refuse compensation for the same were the
Government to offer it to them in that form.
Their attitude, Mr. Speaker, is this: when these
services were rendered they were given in char-
ity and to God. Not to men, but to God, did
they look for their reward.
When their property was destroyed they
looked upon it as a dispensation of Heaven, into
the cause of which they were not to inquire,
but to which they were to humbly bow and kiss
the chastening hand without murmur or com-
plaint. To these holy women tile acceptance
of payment for what they have done would in
their estimation be sacrilegious. Sir, they
seek only the means of doing good. They had
by long and laborious efforts supplied them-
selves with the means of being useful to suffer-
ing humanity. By the fortunes of war they
find themselves bereft of these facilities. Their
only desire is to continue in the line of duty
which they have marked out for themselves.
Whether this great Government accedes to
their request or not will make no difference in
their course ; they will struggle on, dispensing
their blessings with the same angelic spirit,
but in a more limited sphere. By a denial of
their petition the Government simply circum-
scribes the limits of their charities, but will not
in any degree dampen their ardor or lessen
their efforts in the grand and holy cause in
which they have enlisted for eternity.
In order, Mr. Speaker, that no misappre-
hension may exist as to the shape in which
this application comes before Congress, I will
quote an extract from a letter of Sister Xavier
in response to one from Senator Sawyer, of
South Carolina, in which he suggested the pre-
sentation of a claim for services rendered.
She says:
" I have pondered over your suggestion of yester-
day, regarding our petition, but could not come to
the conclusion of making it out in tho shape of a
claim, which it certainly would be were I to have a
calculation drawn out of the money expended for
the relief of Union prisoners.
"I assure you, Mr. Senator, that I had rather let
tho unsightly ruins of our orphan asylum remain as
a monument of the late war than present a bill of
charges for services which were voluntarily rendered
to thoso poor fellows who sacrificed their blood and
liberty for the maintenance of tho Union. TheSen-
ators are aware that our petition has been gotten up
by the men who were the recipients of our attentions
during their illness in the prisons and hospitals of
Charleston, and seconded by their general odicers.
" Therefore dowedeclinemakingout a claim. They
ask it as a gratuity for services renderod the Govern-
ment. Moreover, Mr. Senator, money could not re-
pay our labors during the whole of tho \var, but tho
generosity of tho Government can compensato our
losses by granting tho prayers of thoso who sorved
their country in tho hour of peril."
It will be seen from this that so far from
any claim being made by these good Sisters for
services rendered or property destroyed they
expressly decline to do either. The petition
emanates from the men who have been the
recipients of their merciful care and attention,
and is inspired solely by their gratitude.
Can this Congress hesitate to grant the peti-
tion of men whose valor saved the nation when
they simply ask the expenditure of a few dol-
lars as an act of justice, and in support of one
of the grandest charities of the age? Mr.
Speaker, X trust not. I know of no applica-
tion that has ever been presented to Congress
that appeals so strongly to the patriotism of
its members as the one 1 now advocate. Grati-
tude in individuals has always been esteemed a
God-like attribute. Let it not be said that this
great nation is insensible to its demands. Let
us pass this bill; it will carry joy to the hearts
of thousands of the brave men who served in
the armies of the United States, and inspire
these good women with new ardor in the great
work, and if the nation should ever need their
services again they will respond with that
readiness which has ever characterized their
order.
Feeling, Mr. Speaker, that I have done my
duty so far as my humble ability would admit
in presenting this case to this House, all that
now remains for me is to record my vote in the
affirmative, which last duty I am now ready to
perform.
Polygamy in Utah.
SPEECH OF HON. W. H. HOOPER,
OF UTAH,
In the House of Representatives,
March 22 and 23, 1870.
The House having under consideration the bill
(II It. No. 1089) reported from tho Committee on the
Territories in aid of the execution of the laws in tho
Territory of Utah, and for other purposes-
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, said:
Mr. Speaker: I wish to make a few remarks
concerning the extraordinary bill now under
consideration. While so doing I crave the
attention of the House ; for I am here not alone
as one of the people sought to be cruelly op-
pressed, not only as the Delegate representing
Utah, but as an American citizen, to utter my
solemn protest against the passage of a bill
that aims to violate our dearest rights and is
fraught with evil to the Republic itself.
I do not propose to occupy the time of the
House by dwelling at length upon the vast con-
tributions of the people of Utah to the wealth
of the nation. There is no member of this
House who does not recollect in his school-
boy days the vast regions west of the Rocky
mountains characterized in the geographies as
the "great American desert." "There," said
those veracious text-books, '' was a vast region
wherein no man could live. There were springs
and streams upon the banks of which could be
seen the bleaching bones of animals and of
men, poisoned from drinking of the deadly
waters." Around the borders of this vast
desert, and in its few habitable parts, roamed
the painted savages, only less cruel and re-
morseless than the desert itself.
In the midst of this inhospitable waste to-
day dwell an agricultural, pastoral, and self-
sustaining people, numbering one hundred and
twenty thousand souls. Everywhere can be
seen the fruits of energetic and persistent
industry. The surrounding mining Territories
of Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and
Nevada in their infancy were fed and fostered
from the surplus stores of the Mormon people.
The development ol the resources of these
mining Territories was alone rendered possi-
ble by the existence at their very doors of an
agricultural people who supplied them with
the chief necessaries of life at a price scarcely
above that demanded in the old and populous
States.1 Tho early emigrants to California
paused on their weary journey in the redeemed
wastes of Utah to recruit their strength and
that of their animals, and California is to-day
richer by thousands of lives and millions of
treasure for the existence of this half-way
house to El Dorado.
To the people of Utah, therefore, is to bo
attributed no inconsiderable part in the pro-
duction of the vast mineral wealth which has
poured into the coffers of tho nation from our
mining States and Territories.
This, however, is but a tithe of our contri-
butions to the nation's wealth. By actual ex-
periment we have demonstrated the practica-
bility of redeeming these desert wastes. When
the Pacific slope and its boundless resources
shall havo been developed ; when beyond the
Rocky mountains forty million people shall do
homage to our flag, the millions of dwellers
in Arizona, Nevada, Idaho, Colorado, and
Montana, enriched by the products of their
redeemed and fertilized deserts, shall point to
the valley of Great Salt Lake as their exem-
plar, and accord to the sturdy toilers of that
land due honor, in that they inaugurated the
system and demonstrated its possible results.
These results are the offering of Utah to the
nation.
When Robert Fulton's first steamboat moved
from New York to Albany, so far as concerned
the value of the vessel, he had made scarce a
perceptible addition to our merchant marine;
but the principle, the practicability of which
he then demonstrated, was priceless, and en-
riched the nation more than if she had received
the gift of the vessel, built from and loaded
with solid gold.
I will not, Mr. Speaker, trespass upon the
time of the House by more than thus briefly
adverting to the claims of Utah to the grati-
tude and fostering care of the American people.
For the first time in the history of the Uni-
ted States, by the introduction of the bill under
consideration, a well-defined and positive effort
is made to turn tho great law-making power
of the nation into a moral channel, and to legis-
late for the consciences of the people.
Here, for the first time, is a proposition to
punish a citizen for his religious belief or un-
belief. We have before us a statute-book des-
ignating crimes. To restrain criminal acts,
and to punish the offender, has heretofore
been the province of the law, and in it we
have the support of the accused himself. No
man comes to the bar for trial with the_ plea
that the charge upon which he is arraigned
constitutes no offense. His plea is, Not
guilty." He cannot pass beyond and behind
the established conclusions of humanity. Eut
