1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3075
the pending paragraph as it has been amended
by the Committee of the Whole.
The Clerk read as follow*:
On railway splice bars, side ^Lr
finger bar?, punched or unpunished, _ 1* JJf
pound; on wrought-iron railway chairs, frogs, fro*
point?. 2 cents per pound.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
upon an amendment moved by the gentleman
fW>m Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,] which the
Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the paragraph the following:
t.hi railroad iron, made to pattern and fitted to be
laid down, 60 cents per 100 pounds.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pend-
ing amendment has been exhausted.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move to
amend by striking out" 60" and inserting " 55.''
Mr. Chairman, in the discussion had upon this
item, one of the most important in the bill,
it has been assumed that the tariff upon rail-
road iron is left the same as iu the existing
law. This is a mistake. While railroad iron
is not named specifically in the bill, yet if gen-
tlemen will turn to line three hundred and
uiuety-one, they will find a paragraph reading
•s follows :
On iron of any sue or description not included,
embraced, or enumerated in tuis act, 1 cent per
pound.
Now, there is no doubt that railroad iron
will be included in this paragraph, and, there-
fore. the duty raised to 1 cent per pound.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am sorry to take away
the foundation of the gentleman's argument;
but 1 desire to say to him that in the paragraph
which has just been read there was a mistake
in the drafting of the bill, which the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means long ago decided to
correct; and I am instructed to offer, at the
proper time, an amendment, striking out the
words "included, embraced, or enumerated in
this act" and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "otherwise provided for." This will
leave this class of iron to pay the duty pro-
vided in the present law, 70 cents per hundred
weight.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I am glad to
hear the gentleman's statement; for we had
reason to fear that two of the paragraphs in
this bill were intended to raise the present
tariff upon railroad iron.
As was stated the other day by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Isgebsoll,] there is
a propriety in a reduction on this article.
There is a propriety in maintaining the har-
mony of this bill. We started with a reduction
on pig iron, reducing the present duty 55 per
cent. The committee proposed to reduce 22
per cent. We have followed it up by corre-
sponding reductions on various articles made
from pig iron; and now when we come to rail-
road iron, which is embraced in the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Besjamik,] we should, I submit, make a reduc-
tion. We have reduced the tariff upon the
material fiom which it is made, and it is only
fair to all parties interested that a correspond-
ing reduction should be made in this manu-
factured article. My amendment only pro-
poses a reduction upon present duty of 19 per
cent.
This is a matter in which we of the Westare
particularly interested. We are building rail-
roads, and we have but very little capital. It
is important that we should save money where
ever itmay be possible, and especially upon
this article of vital necessity for extending our
railroad system. I could not see the logic of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
wakd,] when he claimed that the tariff upon
iron would assist in extending and promoting
the railroads of the West. 1 cannot by any
process of reasoning perceive how increasing
the cost of material can benefit our roads. The
West all agree that we must make every possi
ble reduction on all articles entering into the
construction of railroads, both that we may
build more of them, and that when bnilt they
may represent a less capital, and thus be
enabled to transport our crops to market at a
lower rate.
In some general remarks which I made here-
tofore I stated that according to the estimate
of one road the cost of transporting grain from
the center of my State to Lake Michigan is
increased 4 cents a bushel by the tariff upon
iron alone. It will be found all over the coun-
try that nothing operates more injuriously upon
the interests of the agricultural population than
the excessive cost of transportation, and the
largest increase in this is occasioned by the
high duties on iron.
[Here the hammer fell.3
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman from Min-
nesota will withdraw his amendment I will
renew it.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Very well.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no objec-
tion, the amendmeut is withdrawn by the gen-
tieman from Minnesota, and renewed by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I feel a very
great interest, as do, I presume, most of the
members of this House, in reference to this
particular item of railroad iron. I hope that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
let] will not consider me as ' 'running amuck"
against everything that comes up because I
advocate that which I think is right. I give
the gentleman notice that if I am "ruuning
a muck" by opposing every proposition which
bears oppressively upon my constituents I shall
"run amuck" as the people of the East Indies
do, until death comes. Nor am I actuated by
any disposition to antagonize any political party.
In my section of the country this is not regard-
ed as a party question, and I desire that it shall
not be so regarded in this House. When gen-
tlemen intimate that 1 am antagonizing the
party to which I belong by opposing these high
duties which are calculated to oppress my
constituents, I repeat that in my section of the
country there is scarcely any difference of
opinion among political parties iu reference to
these questions.
Now, sir, why do we desire a reduction on
railroad iron? For the reason that we want
the same reduction upon railroad iron that we
desire upon every sort of iron. We want gen-
erally a reduction of the tariff as it now exists.
The people consider that the rate of duty at
the present time on railroad iron is too high.
, I am willing—and I speak, I believe, the sen-
timents of my constituents—that the Commit-
| tee of Ways and Means shall report a bill to
i abolish the internal revenue tax on all articles
I excepting some three or four, and on them to
] reduce the tax to such a degree that the peo-
I pie can live in more comfort than they now
J do. Then we can afford to agree to a little
! higher tariff than otherwise. But we do pro-
test when we are taxed on every interest,
when blood is not only extracted from the
largo reins of the body-politic, but when it is
bound hand and foot and covered all over with
gallinippers who are allowed to suck blood from
every vein, both large and small. Such is the
system at present, and it is a system justly
odious in the eyes of the people.
This high tariff upon railroad iron is particu-
larly offensive to the western people. They
are largely engaged in the construction of rail-
roads for the purpose of fully developing not
only their fruitful soil, but their vast mineral
resources. Immigrants from other countries
are fast settling down in their midst. The
great drawback is in the cost of transportation,
and this great cost of transportation depends
in a very great measure on the high cost of
railroad iron. I speak in the interest of the
agriculturists, the men who are the bone and
sinew of the land; and in my judgment 50 cents
per 100 pounds is a fair tariff on this rail-
road iron. I think it is ample. It is plenty,
and iron manufacturers should not ask for any
greater protection. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] said that 390,000 tons
of railroad iron were imported last year under
the tariff of 70 cents per 100 pounds. If
that be so, I ask what it proves ? It certainly
does not sustain the proposition of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. On the contrary, it
proves incontestably that we are not able in
the United States, with all onr iron manufac-
turing establishments, to furnish sufficient iron
to meet the demands of our people who are
engaged in the building of railroads. Hence
you should afford every facility to those inter-
ested in the railroad system of this country to
procure the supply of railroad iron which they
need. For that reason, if I cannot get a lower
tariff I shall support the amendment of the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wilson] to
reduce the rate of duty on railroad iron to 55
cents per 100 pounds.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Chairman, I do not know
that it will be of any use to repeat the argu-
ment, often enough made before, and which
gentlemen constantly ignore but never an-
swer, that it is not the object of these duties
by any means to increase prices; that they do
not always occasion that increase.
In the discussion had here last night on this
subject it appeared there were still large im-
portations of railroad iron. That importation
has been rapidly and largely increasing ; and
I submit to the committee it is the very best
evidence which could be given here that the
tariff is right as it stands. If we wish to pro-
tect American industries and at the same time
prevent the increase of price we need to bring
about just that state of things when the im-
portations shall be considerable and the man-
ufacture shall be large, so that the two claim-
ants for the American markets, the foreign
manufacturer and the home producer, shall
be meeting constantly in this country; and
when this is the case we may rely on it the
article will be selling as low as possible ; that
the article will be produced and sold as cheaply
as it can be in our markets. This has been
said often enough, and our experience proves
its truth.
But, sir, I wish particularly to refer to the
remark of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan,] which 1 have heard him make before,
that if we should take off the internal tax so as
to relieve the people he is willing we shall have
a satisfactory tariff and to raise revenue in that
way. I wish to say to the gentleman that I
oppose constantly any very great redaction of
the tariff as it now stands, because I wish to
preserve the revenue from the tariff so that
when we come to the tax bill we shall be able
to take off the tax there. I tell gentlemen, and
they must see as they examine it, that every
dollar they take from the revenue to be raised
by the tariff is a dollar they will be obliged to
lay on the people in the internal revenue tax,
and that every dollar they put on here they
will be able to take off when they come to the
tax bill.
That is my theory. I want to abolish the
internal revenue tax as rapidly as possible.
And because I wish to do that I wish to pre-
serve the revenue derived from the tariff. The
tariff affords the easiest, the fairest, the most
natural way of raising the revenue which is
required for the public service of the country,
ana that being the case, I endeavor to sustain
it all the while. In the remarks which I had
occasion some time ago to submit to the Com-
mittee of the Whole I said that this was my
object, that I wished to preserve the revenue
from the tariff for the purpose of reducing the
internal revenue. My object is still the same,
and I ask the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] not to be in such hot haste, but to leave
the tariff in such a state that we shall mainly
derive our revenue from it. And then when
I meet him on the internal revenue tax bill I
will be willing to cut out every dollar that can
possibly be spared.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
