1870.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
of the President of the United States to do
what? To demand of the British Government
the immediate release ol'any American citizens
held by that Government as political prisoners.
Sir, it may be said that we are without offi-
cial knowledge as to whether the President has
discharged the duty imposed upon him by this
law. 1 say that we have reason to believe no
demand has been made by the President upon
the British Government for the release of the
American citizens, ten or twelve in number,
now held by them as prisoners. It is for the
purpose of getting at that fact that we desire
this information. We desire to know whether
the President has, in view of the information
contained in the records of the State Depart-
ment either negotiated or attempted to nego-
tiate, in order to effect the discharge of these
men. I hold it to be one of the highest duties
of this Congress and this Government to the
nation to protect American citizens. It is a
matter of higher import than any ordinary
questions of legislation. It is a sacred, obli-
gatory duty, resting upon every member of
Congress and every member of the Govern-
ment, to see that that law is executed—to see
that it is enforced even if it should be neces-
sary to enforce it at the cannon's mouth.
The President has not seen proper to enforce
this law. American citizens are now held as
political prisoners in English prisons, and, so
far as we know, no steps have been taken to
effect their release. In his message to Con-
gress he had words of kindness for struggling
patriotism in other lands, and they were but
words, but nothing with reference to the insults
and outrages continually perpetrated on his
own countrymen by Great Britain. Words are
cheap and may be freely used, especially when
the utterer is insincere and has no intention to
indorse them by action. So far from being
imbued by the pervading sentiment of the
American people, the President, judging by
his official conduct, possesses none of it. The
Alabama outrage remains unattoned, nor has
any positive progress been made toward a re-
newal of negotiations looking to that end. On
the Cuban question the power of our Govern-
ment has been given to the tyrant, Spain, in its
efforts to crush out the spirit of independence
in that island. Not only has he failed to observe
the laws of nations, and respect the popular
opinion and wish of the American people in a
recognition of the insurgents there as entitled
to belligerent rights, but he has gone very far
in the other direction, by throwing the whole
weight of this Government into the scale of
opposition to them. He has allowed Spain to
fit out vessels of war intended to be used against
the Cubans, and to man and arm them in our
ports; thus violating not only the spirit of the
laws which precludes such action, but the
practices of all civilized nations under like
circumstances as well.
Whether, under these circumstances, the
American citizens now held as political pris-
oners in England can find any relief from the
President or his party is very doubtful. Judg-
ing by the conduct of our foreign affairs so far
we can have no reasonable expectation of it.
Nevertheless, let this House do its duty. Let
us get the official intelligence of the records of
the State Department on this subject, and then
it may be that Congress, and if not Congress
the American people themselves, will demand
the release of our countrymen from British
prisons. Let us first negotiate through the
proper department of the Government in order
to accomplish this. If that fails, let us demand
it ; and if that fails, let us appeal to the God
of battles, that high umpire which, though a
dreadful arbiter, is sometimes the most eco-
nomical, most wjsej and most judicious. The
President has evinced no disposition to do his
duty in this matter. His raind is on other
subjects. He seeks to strengthen his own polit-
lc&i position by enlarging the area of negro
dominion. With the colored men he has an
eularged sympathy; for the Irish people and
their struggles he has none. The former is a
useful, pliant partisan, while the latter exer-
cises the true rights of an American by judging
for himself on all political questions. It is this
design that influences the President to acquire
San Domingo, a negro West India island, and
to add it to our territory and into our Republic
as one of the States of the Union, lie has
made this proposition one of the principal
features of hisadministration. Already, before
the consideration of the subject by Congress,
he raises the American flag in that island and
disburses the public money without authority
to maintain it. I am not opposed to the proper
augmentation of our territory, if the territory
and the people are really and in fact a desir-
able acquisi'.ion to possess; but in this instance
the population of San Domingo, whom it is
designed to add to our own, will add nothing
to our respectability as a nation, nor become
suitable elements of our political family.
I am opposed to this San Domingo annexa-
tion, not only because it would be an improper
expenditure of a large sum of money at this
time, but also because it is another step in the
attempted demoralization of the American
people. What will posterity say of the pro-
ceedings of these times? What will be the
verdict of impartial history upon the policy
and practices of the present day ? It will
record of us how a great people sought to
degrade themselves ; how a nation possessing
all the attributes of superiority over other
nations, not content with this supremacy,
willingly adulterated its own blood, demoral-
ized its own elevation, and by negro amalga-
mation contaminated its own purity of race ;
for this is what we are now doing by the infusion
of negro social equality and by the incorpora-
tion of San Domingo aud Hay ti into our polit-
ical system and territory. As wicked as is the
attempt to compel the fusion of two such oppo-
site races existing among ourselves, it would
be far more suicidal and criminal to add the
people of San Domingo also.
Certainly those who advocate the acquisition
of that island and the recognition of its people
as a portion of ourselves cannot be aware of
what they propose to do. 1 can conceive of
no people so depressed in the scale of human-
ity as those of San Domingo. They are the
product of the lower order of Spaniard with
the negro in a semi-barbarous condition, a
cross between he African savage and the
more debased descendant of the blood-thirsty
West Indian Creole. The former, but a little
while from his native Africa, with none of the
advantages of the example which his race in
the United States has possessed for two cen-
turies, has been reduced to ayet lower standard
of degradation by his associations. Here his
imitative instincts has had an opportunity to
acquire a certain degree of human intelli-
gence, which has comparatively elevated his
understanding, while in San Domingo the
Spanish example has produced opposite re-
sults. It has retarded progress toward civ-
ilization and kept active and encouraged the
native brutality of his original instincts; and
the Spaniard, as seen on that island, is if
possible yet more depressed in the scale of
humanity. Indeed, he cannot with truth be
called a Spaniard at all. He is the type of
a peculiar people, neither black nor white,
neither infidel nor Christian, neither American,
European, nor African, being of no distinctive
type or character.
Such, in a few words, are the inhabitants of
San Domingo, whom it is proposed to incor-
porate into our political system and recognize
as men and brethren. I am opposed to it.
Every consideration of self-respect, of the pres-
ervation of our institutions, of the mainte-
nance of our national superiority and advancing
progress, and of the principles of self-govern-
ment, forbid it. Let no presumed advantage
nor partisan motive force the Government into
so great an error, the effects of which even our
posterity will deplore.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of the adoption of this resolution. We require
the information asked for. There can be no
reasonable objection to its ])ass«ige. It calls for
information necessary to possess. Whatever
differences may exist among ourselves upon
local questions, let us unite in maintaining
firmly the rights of our people everywhere, and
the honor of our flag and the dignity of our
character in foreign lands and among foreign
potentates. When we have done this, then
indeed shall we have become a great Power-
but until then we shall have no true American-
ism at home nor proper appreciation abroad.
I yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Knott.]
Mr. KNOTT. I rise for the purpose of ask-
ing the consent of the House that my colleague,
[Mr. Winchester,J who is absent from the
House, may have some remarks on the pend-
ing resolution printed in the Globe.
There was no objection; and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. WOOD. 1 yield for a few minutes to
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Haight.]
Mr. HAIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I am aware
of the fact that in the time at my disposal I
cannot enter as freely into the discussion of
this subject as I should like to. I understood
that more time would be allowed me, and
under the circumstances I should probably
have made no remarks whatever upon the
resolution now before the House for its con-
sideration if it was not for the fact that my
attention has been called this morning to cases
similar to those which have been referred to
during the progress of the debate upon the
resolution reported from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. I am not sure that adopted
citizens of the State of New Jersey, and per-
haps of my own district, in which there are a
large number of naturalized citizens, men of
worth and integrity, are not at this moment
confined in the prisons of Great Britain, under-
going hardships and suffering from indignities
and cruel treatment, not for the violation of
any law or the commission of any crime in
Great Britain, but for acts done and words
spoken in the. United States.
It is not my intention or purpose to refer to
the alleged treatment of these political pris-
oners in the cases to which my attention has
been particularly directed; they are similar to
those stated by gentlemen who have taken part
in this debate ; but it is, sir, for the purpose
of expressing as well as I can, in the short time
allowed me by the courtesy of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] for which I am
certainly grateful, in no doubtful or equivocal
language, my convictions upon the question
brought to the attention of the House by the
resolution from the committee. I will say,
however, that if the manner in which these
political prisoners have been and are being
treated and the grounds for their arrest have
been correctly stated, the action of Great Brit-
ain is without excuse and outrageous, and
prompt and decided action should be taken by
this Government in their behalf. The ques-
tion now presented to the House is a pure and
simple one; it does not involve the doctrine of
expatriation, the law of nations, or the ques-
tion of intervention, but is of such a charac-
ter and nature as should receive unanimous
approval. The resolution reported by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Swann,] from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and to which
the attention of the House is directed, reads
as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That the
President of the United States be requested to com-
municate to this House, if not incompatible with the
public interest, any information "which may have
come to his knowledge concerning American citizens,
whether native or naturalized, who may be at this
time confined in the jails or prisons of Great Britain
for political offenses, and any facts in relation to the
treatment of such prisoners which he may feel at lib-
erty to communicate."
I desire to state, in the first pluce, that I am
in favor of that resolution, and will support any
