1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4019
withdraw his objection; only $1,000 is to be
expended.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is too large a bill
to get through by unanimous consent.
bridge across tub arkansas river.
Mr. ROOTS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2110) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river at Little Rock; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Railways and Canals, and ordered to be
printed.
public property in galveston.
Sir. CLARK, of Texas, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No.
303) authorizing the donation of certain prop-
erty of the United States in the city of Galves-
ton, State of Texas, to said city; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
election contest grafton vs. conner.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House testimony in the contested-
election case of Grafton vs. Conner, from the
State of Texas; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
reconsideration.
Mr. SCOPIELD moved to reconsider the
several votes by which bills, &c., had been
referred and recommitted ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I now move that the reg-
ular order, the tax bill, be informally laid
aside for one hour, and no longer, to be occu-
pied by the business of the morning hour from
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. CULLOM. I thought that was the
understanding of the House.
The SPEAKER. It requires action by the
House, because the Journal must show it. The
gentleman from Ohio says, "for one hour and
no longer." Is it to be the understanding that
the previous question shall not operate to ex-
tend the hour? The Chair asks the gentleman
from Ohio, because a misunderstanding ensued
the other day.
Mr. SCHENCK. One hour and no longer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 shall object unless
we can have an understanding. Is it the under-
standing that the morning hour is to be cut
off every day until the tax bill is disposed of,
except one hour to-day for the Committee of
Elections? If so. I shall object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am yielding now to
facilitate business. I can cut off the morning
hour to-day, and I will go oil with the tax bill
now if you say so.
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the
tax bill must go on unless it is postponed by a
majority vote of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to its post-
ponement. Let us dispose of the bill so that
the committees may be called. Half the com-
mittees have not been called this session.
Mr. SCHENCK. My purpose is to accom-
modate that very condition of things. It is for
that reason that I propose to give the morning
hour. I move that the consideration of the
special order be postponed for one hour and
no longer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to offer an
amendment to that motion, that the special
order be postponed every day until after the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. That amendment is not
in order, and cannot be entertained.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I heard it
suggested that the Committee of Elections was
to occupy the morning hour, if we are to lay
aside the business of the morning hour we
might as well go on with the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Elec-
tions is the first committee to be called during
the morning hour.
The question was taken on Mr. Schenck's
motion, to postpone the special order for one
hour ; and it was agreed to
The SPEAKER. The morning hour begins
at twenty-live minutes past eleven, and reports
are in order from the Committee of Elections.
claim oi? a contestant.
Mr. PAINE1. The memorial of Joseph
Powell, of Tennessee, praying to be allowed
his necessary expenses in contesting a seat in
the Fortieth Congress as a member from the
first district of Tennessee, has been referred to
the Committee of Elections. I am instructed
to report it back to the House with the sugges-
tion that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims. It seems that this is not a proper
charge against the contingent fund of the House
of the Forty-First Congress, and it is quite as
easy for the Committee of Claims to investigate
the case as the present Committee of Elec-
tions. as they would have to refer to precisely the
same documents to which the present Commit-
tee of Elections would refer. 1 therefore move
that the Committee of Elections be discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial,
and that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
pay oi'' claimants to sevts.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution, upon
which he moved the previous question : •
Jiciolved, 'I'tin t tlioro be out of the contingent
fuml of the House to Caleb S. Uunt the turn e-f &2.000;
to J. II. Syphei\ thofumof $ 1,01)0; to Louis St.Mar-
tin, the sum of $4 000: to George W. McC'Mnic, the
sum of RCOO; to Frank Moiey. the sum ot ^3,000. and
to Michael Hyan the sum ot $3.5'J0, in lull for time
spoilt and expenses incurred in prosecuting each his
claim to a seat m this House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ORTH and Mr. WILLARD called for
the yeas and nays on the adoption of the reso-
lution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided"
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 07, not voting
80; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Biggs,
Bingham, Bird, Booker, George M, Brooks, iiur-
dott, Burr, William T. Clark, Cleveland, Cox, Crebs
Dickinson, Box, Fldndge, Finkelnburg. Fox, (Jetz,
Ilaight,Hale, Hambleton, Itamiii, Harris, Hawkins,
Heflra, Jloar, Johnson, Judd, Kellov, Kerr, Knott,
Lewis, Marshall, Maybnin, McCormiek, McCrnry,
MeKee,McKeiuie,McN'eely, Morgan, Daniel J. Mor-
rcll, Mornssey, Myers, jNcwsham, Niblnck, O'Neill,
Bailie, Pel ce, Peten-, Potter, Pi osser, Randal I, Reeves,
Schumaker. Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, John A. Smith,
Joseph S. Smith, William Smyth, Slevenson, Stiles,
Stone, Rrradcr, Swann, Sweeney, Ta.tfe, Trimble, Van
Auken,Voorhees, Wells,Wheeler, Wlntmore, Eugene
M. Wilson, Witeher, anil Wood—77.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arnell,
Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Bcatnan,
Bealty. Blair, Bufftnton, Burchard, Amasa Cobb,
Cook, Conger, Cowles, Ciillom. Davis, Donley, Duval,
Fariisworth, Ferriss, Fisher, Fitch, Hamilton, llaw-
ley, Hay, (till, Holman, Ketchnm, Knapp, Laflin,
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, McCarthy, McGrew,
Meieur, Eliakun U. iMoore, William Moore, Samuel
P.Monill, Oith, Packard, Packer. Phelps, Pomeroy,
Sargent, Sawyer, Rcotield^ Worthiiiglon 0. Smitll,
Starkweather, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Tan-
ner, Taylor, Tyner, Ward. William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wllkinson. Willard, William*,, Jolm T. Wil-
son, and Winans—G7.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Ayer, Bar-
nuni, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Boles,
Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley. Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick It. Butler. Cake, Calkin,
Cessna, Churchill. Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Gobi),
Coburn, Conner, Covode, Dawes, Degener, Dickey,
Dixon. Dockery, Dyer. Ela, Ferry, Garfield, Gibson,
Gillillaii, Griswold, Haidetnan, Hays, lleaton, lioge,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Lash, Lynch, Maynard, Milncs, Jesse H. Moore,
Morphis, Mungen, Negley, Palmer, Peck, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Rice, Ridgway, Rogeis, Roots, San-
ford, Sehenck, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober,
Slocum, William J. Smith, Stevens, Stokes, Tillman,
Townsend, Twichcll, Upson, Van Horn, Van Trump,
Van Wyck, Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Win-
chester, and Woodward—86.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also ; }
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
contested elections compensation.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 1957)
regulating compensation in cases of contested
elections.
The question -was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The first section of the bill provides that
whenever the right of any Representative or
. Delegate in Congress to a seat in the House of
Representatives is contested, and notice of
such contest is served in conformity to law,
no motley shall be paid as mileage or com-
pensation to either the sitting member or the
contestant while such contest is pending and
undecided ; and whenever the right to such
seat shall have been finally determined, either
by the House or by a withdrawal upon the
record from all further contest, the mileage
and compensation provided by law shall he
paid to the person only to whom the seat shall
thus be finally accorded. The second section
provides that there shall be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the House to any person, either
sitting member or contestant for a right to a
seat of Repiesentative or Delegate, to whom it
shall be finally determined, in manner provided
in the first section of this act, that such seat
did not of right belong, a sum of money not
exceeding such amount as he shall make it
appear to the Committee of Accounts of the
House of Representatives that he has actually
and necessarily expended in prosecuting or
defending such right to a seat in a contest
prosecuted or defended by him, in the opinion
of the Committee of Elections before whom it
was pending, in good faith and with reasonable
cause. The third section provides that the pro-
visions of this act shall not apply t.o contested-
election cases which now are or hereafter may
be pending in the Forty-First Congress.
Mr. PAINE. This bill, oritsequivalent, has
been pending for a long time before the Com-
mittee of Elections, having been first proposed,
I believe, by the chairman of the Committee
of Elections of the Fortieth Congress, [Mr.
Dawes.] After repeated examinations of the
bill the Committee of Elections have found it
impossible to agree upon all of its provisions.
Almost every member of the committee, I
believe, finds something to object to in some
provision of this bill. And yet we have been
unable to agree upon the precise form of any
bill to be reported to the House to which
no member of the committee would desire to
offer an amendment. We came to the conclu-
sion, therefore, to report to this House without
change the hill which was drawn by the former
chairman of the Committee of Elections, [Mr.
Dawes,] to be open to amendment on the
motion of any member of the Committee of
Elections, or any member of the House. For
one 1 am satisfied that the provisions of this bill
are on the whole better than any other that can
be devised. I can see some objections to some
of its provisions ; but-on the whole I am satis-
fied with it, and shall support it as an entirety.
The object of any bill of this kind should be,
of course, to remove so far as practicable all
unnecessary obstacles fiom the way of those
who piosecute or defend contested election
cases upon reasonable grounds, and at the same
time to remove all inducements to the prosecu-
tion or defense of such cases upon unreasonable
grounds. I believe this bill will accomplish
that object as far as any bill cau-
Before I call the previous jjuestion upon this
bill—I do not expect to do it this morning—I
shall yield the floor for amendments, and also
for debate. I hope that all amendments may
be speedily offered, and the discussion speedily
closed, so that we may remove this bill trom.
