4020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
the morning hour. The session has now reached
such a stage that there is a great pressure of
business in the morning hour, and it is desirable
to have this bill disposed of as soon as possible.
I do not wish to consume any time in the dis-
cussion of this bill, except perhaps to answer
such questions and objections as may be pre-
sented by gentlemen. I propose now to yield
to gentlemen who wish to offer amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. I move to amend
by striking out in section three, line three, the
words "or hereafter may be;" so that the sec-
tion will read, " that the provisions of this
act shall not apply to contested-election cases
which now are pending in the Forty-First Con-
gress." Without debating this proposition, I
will simply state that its design is that while the
bill shall not apply to any cases now pending, it
may apply to any case that may hereafter be
pending in this House during the present Con-
gress. I see no reason why it should not apply
to new cases which may arise in this Congress
as well as to cases arising in any future Con-
gress.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent that
all amendments which shall be offered may be
considered as pending, to be voted on in their
order after the previous question is seconded.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to that
arrangement ?
There was no objection.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, I move to amend
by striking out the first section of the bill. My
reason for moving this amendment will, I think,
be apparent to any gentleman who will take
the trouble to read the section. I can scarcely
conceive it possible that any gentleman who
will give the matter close attention will be in
favor of this section. According to my theory
of our form of government members of the
House of Representatives are equal one to
another in every respect, so far as regards the
privileges of membership; and however will-
ing I may be to declare that a contestant for a
seat not occupying such seat shall, if unsuc-
cessful, be limited in his pay to a given amount
which shall barely cover his expenses, I am
not willing to apply the same rule to a mem-
ber occupying a seat by the action of the House
pending a contest.
Let us see what would be the position of
parties on this floor if section one should bo-
come the law. A gentleman comes here as a
member, knowing that his seat is contested,
but he is sworn in to occupy the seat and to
act as a member pending the contest. Delay
occurs in the decision of the contest, as it does
in almost every case. The question remains
undetermined till perhaps the last session of
the Congress. He occupies a seat as a mem-
ber by virtue of a prima, facia right, anil con-
tinues to do so during nearly the whole Con-
gress without any negative action on the part
of the House. He casts his vote and dis-
charges his other duties as a member. Yet
under this section he could not receive a single
dollar of pay up to the time when his ease
should be finally decided, though that decision
might be rendered, as has happened in some
instances, on the very last day of the very last
session of Congress.
Take the case of some gentlemen now sitting
as members on this floor, who may be turned
out of their seats by decisions of this House
yet to be made. If this provision were now
a law those men would be receiving no pay,
but meeting their expenses from their own
private means, though exercising all the other
privileges and discharging all the duties of
members, and, so far as any decision (if the
House has been made, as much entitled to the
privileges and the pay of members as any other
gentleman on the floor. Until a final and a
favorable adjudication has been made upon the
question of his right to the seat he receives
nothing from the Treasury. This, I say, is a
hardship. It is a discrimination which ought
not to be made against a gentleman discharg-
ing the duties of a member on this floor. All
are equally members; but while one presents
his check to the Sergeant-at-Arms and receives
from time to time money to meet his expenses,
another, as fairly elected in fact, asks the same
and is told, - " You can get nothing, because
A B has served you with notice of contest.
You must work without pay and meet your
own expenses until A B withdraws his con-
test, or a tardy committee shall have decided
your case in your favor."
Why, sir, I know that in my own case it
would be a matter of absolute impossibility for
me to meet my expenses, while acting here as
a member for two years, if I received nothing
from the Treasury. Why should we cut off
the pay of a gentleman occupying a seat on this
floor because some man, it may be on a mere
technical question, serves on him a notice of
contest ? Why should this contest prevent the
Sergeant-at-Arms from making any payment
to the sitting member so long as the contest is
undetermined? I ask gentlemen of this House
if they are willing to impose that hardship upon
a sitting member? This bill does not apply to
this House, but other sessions will follow this,
other terms will have commencement and end,
other contests will arise, and other gentlemen
may occupy seats here upon whom this will be
a great hardship. There is no limit to the
right of contest. There are no preliminary affi-
davits to be filed in order that a man may
assume the position of a contestant. All he
has to do is to file a notice of contest. He may
do it without any groundwork. He may do it
without any legal foundation. He may serve
his notice of contest and let it run to the end
of the term. It may Be done from mere ill
will. It may be the emanation of personal
malice. It is, as we all know, an easy thing to
bo done. It maybe done to prevent a success-
ful competitor from receiving pay while acting
as a member of the House, although there may
be no legal reason for any contest being made.
It may be asked, suppose at the end of a
sitting member's occupancy it be decided he
was not elected at all? It seems to be hard
that a man should sit here as a sitting member,
although not having the legal right as shown
by the result of the contest, and not receive
pay for the time he has acted as a member of
the House. The fact exists that he has acted
as a member, incurred the expense and re-
sponsibilities of a member, and discharged the
duties of a member. If there be a hardship
in paying a member who has been decided not
to have a legal right to the seat, it seems to be
inevitable to the condition of things arising
out of these election contests. In order not
to do this injustice to those who have occupied
seats upon this floor, and who afterward have
had their seats taken from them by the decision
of the House, that they may not be refused
pay for the time they have served as members,
I have moved to strike out the first section of
the bill. I invoke the attention of the House
to that section, and not to vote for it because
it emanates from a worthy source. It may
work hardships hereafter which we would be
unwilling to impose when the case should come
before us. In my judgment, sir, there is no
need of legislation on this subject. No two
cases are alike. Each has its own peculiar
points, and inasmuch as the House alone,
without concurrence of the Senate, must decide
each case on its merits, it ought also on all
the facts decide the question of compensation
to the defeated party. _ One man holds a cer-
tificate of election, which he must defend when
assaulted. Another, without reason or justice,
commences a fruitless contest on mere faith in
his party friends here to give him a seat or pay
his expenses. Both are defeated; and under
this bill he who made contest without a shadow
of right receives just the same as he who was
forced, as defendant, to vindicate a right already
vested. My theory is, leave each case to its
own merits when presented to the House.
Mr. WTLLARD. I move, in line seven, sec-
tion one, to strike out " either the sittingor,"
and in-line twelve the word "only so it will
read:
That whenever the right of any Representative or
Delegate in Congress to a sent in the House of Rep-
resentatives is contested, and notice of such contest
is served in conformity to law, no money shall be
paid, as mileage or compensation, to the contestant
while such contest is pending and undecided; and
whenever the right to such seat shall have been
finally determined, either by the House or by a with-
drawal upon the record from all furthor contest, tho
mileage and compensation provided by law shall be
paid to the person to whom tho seat shall thus be
finally accorded.
Then 1 move to add to that section these
words:
And no sum of money, as mileage, compensation,
or for expenses, shall hereafter be paid to any per-
son, except tho sitting member, to whom in any con-
tested-election ease tho seat shall not be awarded.
^ I also move to strike out this section:
Sbc. 2. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be paid out of the contingent fund of the House to
any person, cither sitting member or contestant for
a right to a scat of Representative or Delegate, to
whom it shall be finally determined, in manner pro-
vided in the first section of this act, that such seat
did not of right belong, a sum of money not exceed-
ing such amount as he shall mate it appear to tbo
Committee on Accounts of the House of Represent-
atives that he has actually and necessarily expended
in prosecuting or defending such right to a seat in a
contest prosecuted or defended by him, in the opin-
ion of the Committee of Elections before whom it
was pending, in good faith and with reasonable
cause.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to say in a word what I
think is accomplished by this amendment. It
obviates the objection made by the gentleman
from Illinois [Air. Burr] to the original bill.
It provides that the member having the cer-
tificate, and who is the sitting member, as of
course he was without any law, shall draw
pay and mileage so long as he is a sitting mem-
ber. That seems to me to be entirely just,
because he comes here with a prima fade
case, takes his seat, acts as a member of the
House, and performs all the work performed
by members of Congress. I do not see why
having a prima facie case, and holding the
seat, he should not draw his pay.
It provides further that every contestant who
comes here and asks for a seat in this House,
who does not have a certificate, shall take his
chances. If he gets his seat he will be entitled
to his compensation and mileage from the coin-
men cement of the session. This is right, because
he has been elected and was entitled to a seat
from the outset, and he should not be made to
suffer because of the certificate having been
given to the wrong person. But it provides
that if he comes and contests a seat and fails
he must take the same chances as if he went
into a court and asked there to have his right
to a seat established. If he went into a court he
would be obliged to pay the expenses of the
hearing, and would be entitled to no award of
damages by reason of the expenses he had in-
curred. In other words, he would be placed
on the same footing aa a party bringing a suit
in a court. It seems,to me that that is just and
right. Some time ago tho gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, made a remark on the
floor of the House which struck me as being
possessed of a good deal of force. He said that
as a matter of money-making he would prefer
to resign his seat on the floor and go into the
business of contesting seats, which would be a
profitable business as compared with attending
to one's regular duties as a member of Con-
gress. I see no reason in the world, if a gen-
tleman wants a seat here and enters into a con-
test for it, and he fails, why he should be paid
for the expense he has incurred. I see no
reason why he should not stand precisely as
we compel a party to stand who brings a suit
in court, and be made to take the chances of
the issue of his case.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to ameud the
bill as follows:
In section one, line six, after the word "compen-
