1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
other resolution that may come from that com-
mittee or from any member of this House which |
contemplates or has for its object and purpose '
the amelioration of the condition of native or '
adopted citizens oftheUnitedStates who now are
or may be hereafter confined in the prisons of i
any foreign Power, whether>it be in Great Brit-
ain or any other nation; or, sir, any resolution
that will convey to the Executive the opinions
of the Representatives of the people upon a
question like this—a question of humanity—
in order that his attention may be called to the
facts, and for the purpose of leading to an in-
vestigation by him into the existence of abuses
and wrongs, so thai he may discharge the obli-
gations of the Government to its native and
adopted oitizens, in extending to them for
their protection the shield of the nation's power.
It is certainly disgraceful that any civilized
nation or any people influenced or controlled
by Christian principles should tolerate or suf-
fer such inhuman treatment of -prisoners con-
fined to the jail for any crime or political offense,,
as has been stated to be the case of Great Brit-
ain's treatment of American citizens held by
authority of that nation as political offenders,
These political prisoners are held for alleged
offenses that did not take place upon their soil,
but beyond its jurisdiction and control. -But
while, Mr. Bpeaker, all agree that such ill-
usage Mid barbarous acts are disgraceful to the
nation and the people who permit or suffer
them to be done, we, too, are censurable as a-
nation for allowing such outrages to be perpe-
trated on our citizens without interfering and
preventing them if possible. And I am frank to
say that I am as desirous as any gentleman
can he to avoid a conflict "with England or any-
foreign Power; but I shall have no feats that
any confiiet will grow out of any action that
maybe taken by our Government upon this
subject, or that any complications will arise
from insisting that all of the citizens of the
United States, wherever they may happen to
be, shall be protected in their legal rights, and
treated and dealt with as becomes the age in
which we live.
And perhaps I should say that as far as I
am concerned I would not stop to calculate,
as some gentlemen here think we ought to, the
cost or the result of our action upon a question
that involves the Tights and lives of our citi-
zens and the duty of the Government toward
them; for a Government is worth little and
ean never demand or receive support and deva-
tionfrom its people unless it protects them at
all times and under all circumstances in the
exercise Of their legitimate rights.
Mr. Speaker, I would have been much more
pleased if the Committee on Foreign Relations
had reported the resolution introduced in the
House by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] and referred to that committee. ' It will
be remembered that that resolution was ad
follows:
" Retolved, That the American people learn with
horror and indignation of the treatment of American
citizens now held u political prisoners under English
authority; that no language is sufficient to condemn
the usage of such prisoners, and that we urge upon
the national Executive the imperative duty of imme-
diate intervention on their behalf in such manner
as shall tend to the prompt amelioration of their
condition or their release; that the President com-
municate to this House such information as be may
have in refwance to this suhject,"
I have said that in my judgtnentthe resolution
Of/the gentleman from New York was prefer-
able to the one now before the Hotise; and,
sir, that conviction is forced upon me for sev-
eral reasons. I suppose that there is not a man
upon this floor who has the slightest doubt but
that the Executive of the United States has
conclusive information that there are Amer-
ican citizens confined in the prisons of Great
Britain andheld as political prisoners, with the
nature and extent of their offending, and the
gross manner in which they have been and are
being treated. If that assumption is correct,
the resolution of the gentleman from New York
would have been an expression of opinion on
the part of this House, and such an- expression
as would iu- all probability have caused the
Executive to act promptly 5 and if the state-
ments made here are true and the cumulative
testimony reliable, there'should be no delay
upon the part of the Government. If they are
not true, certainly no harm could come from
the adoption of the resolution.
If the House was not in the possession of
faots thatahow the treatment of theso prisoners,
the resolution would be objectionable in that
for pa, as being an expression of opinion without
a knowledge of the facts ; but it assumes that
the condition of these political prisoners is
deplorable from ill usage and bad treatment,
which the statements made here clearly estab-
lish. The declarations made upon ihis floor
are supported by direct proof. Such being the
case, who will not say that it is the imperative
duty of the national Executive to interpose at
once for their relief and demand for them a
different and more humane treatment, or insist
upon their release ?
But, sir, further than this, the adoption of
the original resolution would have said to the
people of the whole country that their Repre-
sentatives in this body at least were in earnest.
They not only propose to obtain information,
but to invoke action if required; that they in-
tend to do all in their power to bring the facts
to the attention of the country from a source
the most reliable and best informed, both in
regard to the treatment of these prisoners and
the grounds for their arrest and conviction, in
order that such adetermination may be reached
as thefacts and circumstances warrant. 1 f the
facts show that they have been arrested and
convicted for what they have said or done in
the United States, in their expressions and acts
of sympathy with Ireland and her cause, their
release ought to be demanded and the demand
enforced if there is power enough in this Gov-
ernment to do it.
Why, sir, the treatment of these American
citizens, which is complained of and which has
been so severely criticised in this discussion
and established by undoubted proof, has not
only been toward those who were tried and
convicted, but also to those who have never
been placed upon trial, and are therefore pre-
sumed to be innocent of any offense whatever.
But, Mr. Speaker, what is needed and
what should be insisted upon is immediate
and decided action; and I hope that when the
information contemplated by this resolution is
received, and it should be such as to warrant
any action on the part of the Executive, that
this question and the principles it involves
will be met boldly. It is well known to this
House and the whole country that a great deal
of time was consumed and a great deal said in
the last Congress upon this very subject with-
out accomplishing any good results or even
deciding upon a definite course of action. The
question is certainly of sufficient gravity to be
fairly considered and settled.
But, Mr. Speaker, I desire to state further
in connection with this subject, in reply to
remarks that have been made by gentlemen
during this discussion—and I recall, partic-
ularly, the remarks made by the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Willard,] in which he
said, in substance, he could readily see why
gentlemen upon the floor of this House who
were connected with the Fenian organization,
or who represented a constituency composed
largely of American citizens of foreign birth
ana extraction, should take such a bold stand
against this alleged treatment and in defense of
therights of ouradopted citizens—that there are
a large number of adopted citizens in the State
of New Jersey and in my district, and if the
gentleman had more in his State and district,
and knew more of that element in our country,
he would not in all probability have made the
allusions he did. I intended in these brief
remarks to avoid any allusion to a matter of
this kind, because I neither desired nor did I
consider it proper to give to this discussion
anything of a partisan character ; I did believe
that we would consider this question from a
very different stand-point, and be actuated by
different motives; but since ithas been referred
to I will take the occasion to say that our
adopted citizens will not be misled or deceived.
They will readily detect the motives that influ-
ence the action of Representatives upon this
floor. What they require and what thay have
a ri^ht to demand is not mere words and decla-
mation, but firm and decided action on the
part of the Government of the United States in
maintaining, supporting, and protecting them
in their rights as citizens of this country.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose nor do I con-
sider that this is the time, place, or occasion
to indulge in language of commendation of
our adopted citizens, yet I am none the less
sensible of the fact that the greatness, wealth,
and prosperity of this nation and the develop-
ment of our immense material resources is in
a great degree owing to the vast immigration
to our shores of men of foreign birth, and the
energy, zeal, and industry which our adopted
citizens have always displayed. Our great
works of internal improvement, our vast net
of railroads that encompass the whole coun-
try, would not have been completed without
this aid. But above and beyond all this, in the
hour of the nation's peril, they were as true to
the land of their adoption as the '' magnet to
the pole." In return, let us discharge our obli-
gations to them.
But, Mr. Speaker, I desire to state fur-
ther 
tIIere the hammer fell.]
Ir. WOOD. I now yield the balance of my
time to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
schumaker.]
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Mr. Speaker, the res-
olution presented by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs to this House should be more gen-
eral and should include within its scope the
cases of all American citizens imprisoned in
any foreign country. It is well known that for
many years past the grossest outrages have
been perpetrated upon American citizens, both
native and adopted, all over the world. This
body has had brought to its notice on many
occasions during the last three years the fact
that citizens of this country were confined in
English prisons for offenses charged by the
British Government as having been committed
in this country: but no attention whatever was
paid by either House of Congress to the mat-
ter. In the Spanish cities of the island of Cuba
our citizens have been shot down like dogs,
and their bodies have either been thrown into
the sea or pitched over the walls of such cities
and there left to rot beneath a tropical sun.
These outrages have been perpetrated upon
many Americans, and in many instances their
only Crime was that they were Americans.
And now, at the time I am speaking, many
such persons are serving out terms of impris-
onment for such charges in foreign prisons.
In English prisons are now three persons from
the city of Brooklyn, convicted for acts com-
mitted and words spoken in America, and on
the island of Cuba several mechanics of that
city, who have been employed upon sugar
plantations there, have either been shot or now
are confined in dungeons for no other offense
than that they spoke the English language.
Why,'Mr. Speaker, in the'pigeon-holts of the
State Department are piles of papers, covered
thick with the dust of years, containing com-
plaints of Americans confined as political pris-
oners, to whom no attention was ever paid, to
whom Buccor or relief never came, wno died
homing against hope. The angel of death was
their only deliverer, who entered their lonely
cells, struck the manacles from their limbs,
and set the captives free. It is a disgrace to
this country that this state of affairs has been
permitted so long to exist without reform.
The conduct of Great Britain has always
been despotic and barbarous toward its polit-
ical-prisoners as well as its prisoners captured
