1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2133
property in the State o f Mississippi. Therefore,
you could not require him to take a wife or
children there. You could not require him to
do that which he could not do. You could
not require him to purchase property there as
an evidence of his becoming an inhabitant of
that State. You must come back to his own
intention, and then this act which followed that
intention, the accepting a public office there.
He formed the intention of becoming a citizen
of Mississippi ten days before he was elected.
I have said that is as good as if he had formed
it ten months or ten years before. The Sen-
ator from New York lays stress on this portion
of the statement of General Ames before the
committee:
" It is doubtful if X should have become a citi7.cn
if 1 had nut, been elected; hut L feIt corlnin of being
elected. if j am nut admitted to a heat X shall still
regard Mississippi us my homo."
This is really ex post facto ; it is after the
fact. lie had previously formed an intention
of becoming a citizen of Mississippi.
Mr. CONKL1NG. As my honorable friend
asks my attention, if he wishes 1110 to state the
fact about that, the question was as to his in-
tention, and it was a particular question as to
that. lie was asked whether his intention was
such that the icsull of it would have been that
Ik; would have remained then; at all events, or
did it depend upon the election ; and in answer
lie gave a fuller statement than the Senator has
read, the substance of which was taken down
by the Senator from Vermont; but every mem-
ber of the committee who heard it knows it was
very satisfactory and to tho point, and did
honor to tho candor and frankness of tho gen-
tleman who made it.
Mr. TlJAYHlt. There is really no differ-
ence between us. He admitted ibat. it was
doubll'il whether he would have taken up his
residence there if he had not been elected.
.Mr. CON KlilMti. In other words, he could
not, say that,he formed an intention which was
tn take effect regardless of the result of the
election.
Mi. TIJAYElv. I answer the argument, of
the Senator by putting a e.ase to him. Kup-
,<nso a citizen of New York had gom- down Id
Mississippi, and wax traveling Casually through
(ho country, not wiih any intention of taking
up his residence there when lie left home, but
in passing through Mississippi he begin t to
think about making his bonus there, and a, cit-
izen of that. Statu proposes to him a partner-
ship in business und lliey commence to raise
cotton. Tin; moment be, forms that partner-
ship lie determine,t to reside, there ; it is his
intention to do il. ile has not even brought,
his family there ; but being induced by consid-
erations which are t'lvseiiti'd to him after his
arrival to contemplate :,laying then', lie forms
the determine!ion of residing t here. He coin-
mences his residence. In pui.iuauce of tli.it
determination heonl'-rs into busings. But in
two months that business pnr> es uiiforliin.il'-,
and when asked the que,-:!ion, "Would you
have gone to Mississippi if you could have
foreseen this result?" be replies, '• No, if I
could have foreseen this disaster I never would
have come to Mississippi to live." Hut thai,
nevertheless, docs not disprove his right to
form that intention and thus to commence his
residence by virtue of that intention. Things
changed after he got there. There is a new
condition of things, and he says, " This was a
mistake; 1 would not have taken up my re-u-
denee liere if f could have foreseen thisresult.1'
So it is in this case. General Ames might
fee! that if he had failed to be elected it.would
have been a question of doubt whether he
would have resigned his commission in file
Army. Bat liisstatenicntis clear and positive.
He says:
" j hesitated bee.iu^o it it ou!dnoee."sUate tho aban-
donment. of my iviioio military life. Finally, for
persona! and public reasons. I dcekicd to become &
Candidate and leave ike Army."
it the declaration of General Ames before
the committee tnat it was doubtful whether he
would have resigned his commission in the
Army if ho bad not been elected is good for
the purpose of the argument of the Senator
from New York, this declaration which I have
read is stronger still in support of my argu-
ment and cannot be disputed. His intention
was sincere. He, as I10 declared under the
sanction of his oath, formed an honest inten-
tion of residing in that State ten days before
he was elected a Senator from the State of
Mississippi.
Sir, 1 stai-ted out with the proposition that
an ollicer of tho Army must have a residence,
"a local habitation and a name" somewhere,
and he is not divested and deprived of it by
virtue of his going into the military service of
the United States.
Then I come to the second proposition, that
you must, be governed by his intention as to
where he commenced his residence and when
he commenced it. lie may give that evidence
by the purchase of property, 01- by removing
bis wife and children there, or, if I10 has 110
wife or children, by declaring publicly that
his residence is in that, State from that day.
Language must be construed according to its
evident meaning. The. clause of the Consti-
tution referred to in this case intended to set
forth this, that a man must actually live in
the State when he is elected a Senator from
that Slate. Apply this generally. Suppose
there was a law of all the States, or a na-
tional law, that ministers and magistrates
should marry only those who weie residents
of their respective Slate-:, would you require
General Ames to go back to Maine to marry?
lie bad left that State fourteen years before
and had not been back to it. His parents had
removed from il. All his relations who had
remained there were dead and buiiod. There
was not a tie to bind him to that Slate, no
associations, 110 visiting from time to tune, no
declaim ion dial that was his State; and yet
under thi-i statute, and under the construction
given by the Judiciary Committee, he must
return to Maine (o be innrri"d. Hut. suppo-ie
ho bad married a Mississippi lady; then take
the law in re^ ml to divorce, and suppose there
had been occasion for him lo seek to bo
divorced from that, lady, must he goto Maine
to obtain rediess?
Take the ease of General Grant. Suppose
he had been ill the military service continually
from the time he 1 eft West IV,int. lie went
fioni Ohio to the Military Academy, lie was
afterward found living in the State of Illinois,
although constauiy under orders. Where
would have been Ids inhabitancy? in Illinois?
Or would you have sent, him back to Ohio,
trom which Slate ho went forth thirty years
before ?
Take the ce.se of Genera! Sherman. He
Ivcauie subsequent to ihe war 11 cil . on of St.
Louis. lie itin ordered there, howver, in
the. In-st. place. Uut be of ins own choice be-
came a citizen of the State of Missouri, as he
told mi; a few minutes ago. It, only shows that
the practice is as 1 contend, that an ollicer,
although ordered to a State lo perfoim mili-
tary duties, may acquire a residence by virtue
o! his own intention and his acts subsequent
to thai intention.
t will suppose another case. Ministers of
the Methodist church are itinerated all over
the country, not of their own volition, not of
their-own choice, but by the command of their
bishops. They cannot resign except by the
permission of their bishops. And jet, under
the doctrine of the Judiciary Committee, they
have 110 habitation, no place that they can call
their home, tieeause they are in a certai user vice
mid subject to superior orders.
,Mr. President, i do not propose to continue
this argument. In conclusion, I will only refer
to the fact that the action of the Legislature of
Mississippi has something to do with the decis-
ion of this question before this body. General
Ames was chosen by an almost unprecedented
majority in that Legislature—I believe with
only five votes against him. The opinion thus
expressed by that Legislature has something
to do with the decision here. They regarded
him as an inhabitant of that State. What rea-
, son have we to dispute it? And I beg to say,
| in conclusion, that if there i3 a doubt 011 this
question, every just and honorable considera-
tion requires that doubt to be given in favor of
the claimant to a seat.
Mr. TIIURHAN. Mr. President, I have
studied this case precisely as I would have done
if 1 had been a judge on the bench and required
i in an action before me to decide upon this
i evidence whether General Ames at the time of
j his election to the Senate was an inhabitant of
I tho State of Mississippi. It is purely a legal
: question, and it oughtto bedecidedupon purely
' legal principles, and every Senator ought to
| feel that in deciding it he sits as a judge and
| not as a politician, to determine what is the
true solution of the question.
I Now, sir, much as I dislike the fact that a
! gentleman having the power that General Ames
, had in Mississippi, being the military com-
; mandcr there, under laws that enabled him to
I proclaim the whole of Mississippi under martial
i law, and to try any man in Mississippi by a
| court-martial and punish him according to the
| finding of that military tribunal; clothed with
i the power to appoint all the registrars of voters,
to supervise the entire registration, to appoint
; tho time and places of election, to appoint the
j judges of election, to appoint those who were
to count the returns, to supervise himself all
the business of the election from the very lirst
I until the very last stage of it, with the power,
! if he saw (it to exercise it, to elect whom lie
, pleased to the Legislature of that State—much
; as I dislike to see tho spectacle of that military
| ollicer, howev.or high bis character may be,
; relumed by a Legislature thus elected to the
: Senate of tho United States, yet I can say with
[ the utmost truth that I have looked at this case
: precisely as i would have done if a civilian, tho
; humblest, in Mississippi, had been elected in-
1 stead of General Ames.
The principles that underlie this case are
very simple and very well settled. Nothing
could bo better settled than tliey are. To a
I legal mind there is not one question that eau
i be started in regard to it that is not perfectly
|l well settled by repeated and consistent adjudi-
cation. Whatarethe generalprinciples? That
111 order to acquire a domicile there must be
; two things: first, an actual inhabitancy; and
i; secondly, what the lawyers call an animus ma-
i1 nendi,ttn intention to remain, not to remain
!| temporarily, not to remain transiently, but that
: ihu.t shall be the permanent home of tho man.
!: Neither one will do without the other. Inhab-
j1 itancy without thcanimus manendi will notdo.
II The animus manendi, without inhabitancy will
I not do. '1 hero must beboth. A mail continues
'! to be domiciled where he was born, if that was
;| the home of his parents, until he has changed
!| his residence in some mode known to the law,
|: or until lie has absolutely abandoned the resi-
Ij deuce of his birth and ceased to be domiciled
|| anywhere ; for such a state of case as that may
j; arise.
:: We are brought right to thequestion whether
. or not General Ames wasau actual inhabitant,
I within the meaning of the law, of the State of
| Mississippi, and whether he was so aninio
| manendi, with the intention of remaining there,
j J hat brings us to another principle equally as
,j well settled ; and that is, tliatno person who, in
,i the language of the law, is sub potestate alterius,
|j can by his own act acquire a domicile. No
j! person who is under the dominion of another
j! can acquire a domicile by his own act. Hence
j| a J<,me covcrt cannot acquire a domicile, and
I' why? Becaiisc she is sub potestata olri. A
II minoreannot, because he isunder the dominion
of his father; and so an indentured apprentice
cannot, because he is under the dominion of
his master. So an officer in actual service,
according to the gi'eat weight of authority, can-
not acquire a domicile by Ixis own action.
