1870.
mB! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
3077
injran average for the two year ;of $16 63;pBr
ton. Now, taking the average value of a ton
of American iron as before stated, namely 1 ,.
1 ton American pig iron and frelght«..-„.........$30 00
Deduct average cost of foreign iron as officially
reported in gold...... o1" rj
Add premium in gold......    - i?
Freights, insurance, exchange, &o  " w
i 1' >24 67
Amount by which the foreign can be pat in
market less than the cost ot American
5 S3
3 60
Add 12 per cent, profit on 830 00 
. Lowest amount of tariff that will proteotAmeri- i
can producers   5s "3 !
It is thus plain that the American furnaces j
must go out without protection, or the wages j
of our men come down just in proportion as i
the duties are reduced. It requires a duty of :
$5 33 per ton to place our iron on a level with
theirs, and at such rate there is not the least;
margin of profit to our producers. To invite j
capital there must be more than this, and at
$9 duty per ton there would remain a profit j
of only $3 07 per ton to cover all the invest- |
meat and all the risks of a business uncertain j
at the best, and always subject to the uncej:-.
tainties of legislation, and the sure and formid-
able assaults of the free-trade league, and much
too precarious to tempt the capital invested in
importation from its much more remunerative
employment.
Mr. INGERSOLL rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment to the amendment is exhausted.
Mr. TILLMAN. I withdraw it.
Mr. McGIlEW. I object.
The question was put on Mr. Tillman's
amendment; arid it Was disagreed to.
Mr, INGEfiSOLL. I move to amend the
amendment by making the duty $12 per ton.
Mr. Chairman, we have the spectacle pre'
sented to this committee of two great interests
antagonizing, each other. On the one hand
you have 1,000,000 people interested as pro-,
ducers of iron; on the other hand, you have
89,000,000 interested as consumers of iron.
Again, sir," you have the producers of iron
enlisted on the one side in. this contest, and
those interested in the construction of railroads
on the other. Both interests I admit.to be
important. Both are entitled tq fair consid-
eration. But if one is to be utterlv neglected
ami ignored at the. expense of,the other, I
desire to protest against,,that, And I wish to
Froceed to give my reasons for the amendment
have offered.
[Sere the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed by
order of the House fbr debate on this para-
graph is exhausted. The question ig first on
the amendmentof thegentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. IkgersolL,] which the Clerk will again
report.
The Clerk read as follows i
Btrik* out the words "60 ctrtts per lOO ponnds"
and inswt the words $12 per ton," SO that th« am end-
meat will rend: •
On railroad iron ftade to pattern and fitted td be
laid down, $12 per ton.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. IttGEftSOU.] to withdraw* his
amendment and I will renew it.
The CHAIRMAN. By order Of the House
all debate on the pending paragraph and
amendments is terminated.
The question was ptit on Mr. Ingersoll's
amendment to the amendment; and there were,
on a- divi8ion-*-ayes 37) noes 60 j no quorum
voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the iralej ordered
tellers; atidappointed Mr. ItofcBftaoLL and Mr.
Armstrong.
The committee'again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
So tbe amendment to the amendment was
aot agreed to.
• Thp question recurred <>n ml1- bmwakui's
amendment, as follows:
■ Add to the paragraph at tthe cad of line three
hundred find sixty-two the following: •
On railroad iron made to pattern and fitted to be
laid down, 60 cents per 100 founds.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move to
amend the amendment by striking ont "00"
and inserting "56."
The amendment to the amendment was disJ
agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amendtaent
by striking out " 60'* and inserting " 60."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe that was toted
on last night.
Mr. COX. Then I Withdraw It and will
vote for your amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Besjamik's
amendment.
The question was put; arid there Were, cSn a
division—ayes T2, noes 04.
Mr. STILES. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. BEJfJAto^
and Mr. ScofiEld were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 76, noes 69.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move, in
lioe three hundred an4 sixty-two, to strike out
the words " frogs, frog points of iron." This
proposes an enormous increase on tho$e arti-
cleg.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
to the gentleman that the "words 4'of iron"
have alreadv been struck out.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I move
to strike out the words "frogs, frog points."
The question was put; and there were—ayes
33, noes 50; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr- BROOKS, of
New York, and Mf. MaYNard were appointed,
The committee divided; and the teller^ report-
ed—ayes Forty! floes not counted', ,
So the amendment was rejected.'
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out,in
! line three, hundred and sixty-one the wordd
] '• and one half;" bo that it will read "on rail-
I way splice bars, side bars, fish plates, and
Auger bp.r8jpuncl)ed or unpunched, 1 cent per
pound." That will make it $22 iO.per ton. ,
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes
thirty-eight* noes nflt counted.
Mr. BROOKS, ofNeiv York. I move to,
Strike out " cents" and insert " 1J cents."
Mr. ELDRIDGE, I move to strike out
" 1}," so as tb make it 1 cent.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion has already
been made and lost.
The question was pnt on the amendment
proposed by Mr. BfioofcS, of New York; and
ft was disagreed to—ayes thirty-three, noes not
counted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now move in line
three hundred and sixty-two to strike out " 2
cents" And insert "-1} cents;" so that it will
road, "on wrought iron railway chairs, frogs,
frog points, 1J cents per pound." I believe
that is the existing rate.
The amendment was disagreed to-^ayes 81,
noes 90.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. One vote
more and 1 have done, In linelihtee hundred
and sixty-two I move to strike out " 2 cents
per pound" and insert " $40per ton."
The question was put, and there were—ayes
40, noes 72; no quorum voting-
Tellers were ordered; and Mr, Brooks, of
New York, and Mr. Maynard were appointed.
The committee divided; and,the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 70.
So tbe amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read the next paragraph of the
bill, as follows:'
On all iron wire or wire of whieh iron shall be-a
component part of chief value, including annealed,
bright, coppered, galvanized, tinned, or coated with
zinc or any other material, not l^ss than No 16. wire
gauge, cents per pound, and. in addition thereto,
15 per cent ad valorem t lewthsA No. 16, ana sat
1*8than#0. 25, wiregaoger, 4 cents ntrpostnd, and,
in addition thereto, 15 per cent, aa valorem ; less than
Wo. £6, wire gauge, 5 cents per pound, and, in addi-
tion thereto, 15 per oent. ad valorem ; Provided, That
all iron wife covered with silk, cotton, or other tex-
tile material shall pay 5 ccuts por pound in addi-
tion to the rates of duty imposed on iron wire not so
colored.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
insert in line three hundred and sixty-three
after the words "iron wire" the words "or
twisted ties ;" and I shall follow that up by
moving to strike out " twisted ties" in the next
paragraph, where they are at a higher rate of
duty, at 6 cents per pound. They ought to be
in this paragraph.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Letusunder-
stand this matter of twisted ties. Where does
the gentleman propose to insert the words ?
Mr. HOLMAN. After the words "iron
wire," in the first line of the paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCK. We had put twisted ties
in the next paragraph.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Twisted ties
now come in at 35 per cent, ad valorem. The
original proposition of the Committee of Ways
and Means was to put them at 5 cents per pound,
and now they propose to put them at 2£ cents
ger pound. I toant the committee to under-
stand that they now come in at 35 per cent, ad
valorem. Twisted ties are what farmers use for
hav bands and for bandinga great many articles
of different kinds, It is an article of far more
importance to the farming interest of the coun-
try than it is to the commercial interest. That
is all I have to say. If gentlemen who rep-
resent tbe farmer choose to vote the duty
on twisted ties from 85 per cent, ad valorem
to 2} cents per pound it is their interest, not
mine. I would add that fences of farms on the
prairies are also made of these twisted wires.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add to the words
proposed to be inserted the words " If cents
per pound " as the rate of duty to be imposed
upon these twisted ties. When the subject of
hoop iron and cotton ties was before the com-
mittee with a duty of If cents per pound I
insisted that these twisted ties should be plaaed
upon the same footing.
I wish to call the attention tof gentlemen,
especially those from the West, who are inter-
ested in the production of hay, to the faflt that
it is proposed by this paragraph, eveh as modi-
fied by the amendment just moved by tbe chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
8gSBnck<] to impoSe upon twisted ties used for
baling hay a duty of one quarter of a cent per
pound more than is imposed upon the hoop*
iron ties used in baling cotton. In Other words,
a bale of cotton* worth from $100to $125, is to
be baled with a material subjected to a lower
rate of duty than the material used for binding
a bale of hay worth only $3 or $4. And I will
call attention to another fact. It appears that
these twisted ties were placed originally in a
classification in this bill which subjected them
to a duty of 6 cents per pound. 1 understand
there are but two establishments in the United
States that manufacture this particular form
of iron. Now, I would like to have the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts oh the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Hooper,] or soma
other member of that committee, explain how
it happened that this bill contained a proposi-
tion to impose a duty of 5 bents per pound
upon a cheap article of iron wire used in
baling hay.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman says there are but two establishments
in tb# United States that manufacture this
article,' My impression is that there are fifty
such establishments. It is simply iron wire,
and has always come in before as iron wire.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why is it classified as
twisted ties if it is simply iron Wire, and
charged with a duty of 6 cents per pound?
How did that occur ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
it was entirely by accident.
