1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4965
coincided with theirs. We see as the result of
those opinions the report of the committee of
conference now before the House.
I have no particular fault to find, but I will
say that yesterday, after the first attempt to
make the report by the chairman [Mr. Gar-
field, of Ohio,] to the House, and which
failed, my colleague [Mr. Ixgersoll] had the
report reading"it. I went to him and asked to
see it, but my colleague said that the chairman
had stated he must not let any one see it until
it came regularly before the House. And, sir,
1 did not see it until next day, when it was
printed in the Globe. I had reason to look
with doubt upon a report that was withheld
from me, as 1 had been a member of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, and had
taken an active part in giving form to the bill
as it passed the House, and had a very natural
curiosity to see the fruits of the labors of the
committee of conference.
Now, Mr. Speaker, they talk about contrac-
tion and expansion. If this report of the com-
mittee be adopted yon will contract the currency
absolutely $9,000,000, and in the regular course
of banking, where reserves are kept for notes
and deposits both, the contraction would be
$18,000,000. The $42,000,000 of three pot-
een t. certificates are now held as reserves in the
banks under the law. Every man knows that
when they take out this $42,000,000 the same
amount of greenbacks must go in as reserve in
place of the certificates. So far, then, as the
question of contraction and expansion is con-
cerned this is a contraction.
But there is something further. Of the
$00,000,000 of bank notes an average of twenty
per cent, of reserve is required to be kept.
That twenty per cent., as the bankers usually
construe it, includes a reserve of twenty per
cent, to cover deposits, and taking the two
• together it does contract the cuirency from
eighteen to twenty million dollars.
I ask my friend from Ne-.v York, my col-
league on the Committee on Banking and
Currency, [Mr. Cox,] to let me take the paper
lie holds in his hand. I will read only a line
from the New York Evening Post of last even-
ing—I do not wish to steal this newspaper
thunder of my friend from New York, [Sir.
Cox]—I wish to read a line in corroboration
of the remarks I am making, that this report
of the committee of conference is an absolute,
positive contraction. Among other thinsrs the
paper says:
"But it H parrinulary offensive to all thoughtful
men who wish for stability in our markets and cur-
rency; for it threatens, first, a temporary stringency
in the money centers, to bo followed by a greater or
more prolonged period of inflated values than over."
The last part of the sentence is based upon
1 Hose sections of the bill relating to gold notes.
Can my Republican friends afford "to create
a stringency at the money centers" by this
contraction just immediately preceding the fall
business and their own elections?
I am not for an expansion that will lead to
any serious inflation : but I am now for dis-
posing finally of this question of a just dis-
tribution of tiie circulation so as to avoid that
cry and demand that will not down, lor it is
founded in justice. If in doing this some
facility should be given to the fall business no
one will be hurt. I do not think the gentle-
man from Ohio [Sir. Gaiifield] will deny that
by the withdrawal of the $45,000,000 of three
per cent, certificates, and issuing only that
amount of bank notes, there will be contrac-
tion practically of 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I totally dissent
from that statement.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman from Illinois allow me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. JUDD. Certainly.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. The idea of the
gentleman from Illinois is that this is a con-
traction. I ask him if the bill does not pro-
vide that these $45,000,000 of a new issue of
national bank notes may be distributed in the
Northwest and in the West" and South, and
if those States of which he is in part a Rep-
resentative will not get the benefit of this
$45,000,000, in addition to the $25,000,000
of excess now held in the East and North,
which is to be distributed under the provisions
of the bill in the States where there is a defi-
ciency?
Mr. JUDD. I have to thank my friend from
Kentucky for putting the question, as I might
have overlooked that point, being desirous to
consume as little time as possible in the remarks
which I am addressing to the House. In reply
to my friend from Kentucky, I would state that
by the best figures and best terms of this bill
the Northwest will be very little aided in the
way of increased circulation.
I come now to the practical question before
the House. The greenback currency of this
country in round numbers is aboutthree hun-
dred and fifty million dollars. It is scattered
all over the country, in the region from which
the gentleman from Kentucky comes, and
among my constituents, in New York and New
Orleans, and all through the United States.
If you withdraw $20,000,000 of ihat green-
back currency, and tie it up, no matter where,
you just to that extent contract the currency.
There is just so much less currency to do the
business of the country. Although it may not
be drawn from the constituents of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, it must be drawn from
the constituents of some other gentleman;
and like the action of the wave rolling back
froTnthe shore, this contraction will, in regard
to commercial transactions, react upon those
other constituencies. And I say to the gen-
tleman, that when you tie up twenty per cent,
as reserves for the circulation of these $45,-
000,000 of bank notes, to that extent is the cur-
rency, the circulating medium, diminished.
I have already occupied more tinue than I
intended in commenting upon this report of
the committee of conference. My conviction
is firm and strong, and it is based upon know-
ing the interests that Senators represent, that
the gentleman is mistaken in his belief that
the Senate will, under no circumstances, ac-
cept the House measure. If this report of the
committee is rejected and a new conference
committee is asked, a majority of the Senate
will concur substantially in the provisions
which passed the House.
And I want to state here, in reference to this
matter, that I feel it is the duty of this House
to press this home to its furthest extent, in
order to meet the wants of constituencies now
deprived of any of the benefits of the general
banking law.
I hold that it is the duty of this House to
non-concur in the report of the committee, and
place the matter in such away that a new com-
mittee of conference may try what it can do to
carry out the wishes of the House ; and my
firm conviction is that the Senate will finally
agree with us.
Mr. McNEELY. Before my colleague [Sir.
Judd] takes his seat I should like to have liitn
answer my question.
Mr. JUDD. What question?
Mr. McNEELY. I understood the gentle-
man to be in favor of inflation. So ami. Now,
I would like for him to say whether he is in
favor of having that inflation in the form of
greenbacks or in the form of national bank
currency ?
Mr. JUDD. If my colleague [Mr. McNeelt]
had listened to what I said the other day, he
would havo ascertained exactly my position.
The decision of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States has destroyed legally ail power to
, make any new issue of greenbacks or legal-
; tender currency; so that if we should pass an
S act for an increase of that currency the court
i would declare our work null and void. I now
i yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
I Armstrong] for five minutes.
ENROLLED 1SILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
A bill (S. No. 81) for the benefit of Margaret
Riddle, widow and executrix of George Read
Riddle, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 830) giving priority to certain
cases to which a State is a party in the courts
of the United States; and
AT bill (S. No. 883) granting a pension to
John W. Salyers, a soldier of the war of 1812.
CDltltENCr.
The House resumed the consideration of the
.report of the committee of conference on the
currency bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Arsistroxu] is entitled to
the floor for five minutes.
Sir. ARMSTRONG. I have no desire to
enter into this discussion at any length. But I
do desire to express my conviction that at this
time the currency of the country is by no means
inflated, and that any policy that looks to con-
traction of the currency will be injurious to
the business interests of the country. Gentle-
men will recollect that the currency of this
country reached its maximum in I860, and that
from that time to this we have been pursuing
the policy of contraction. And in that fact I
think gentlemen will find the reason for the
distraction and derangement of the business
of the country from that time to the present
day.
I do not regard the bill reported by this com-
mittee of conference as one which commends
itself to the business interests of the country at
this time. It is a well ascertained fact that
whilein New York and in the othergreat money
centers of the country money upon call can
be obtained at from four to four and a half per-
cent., yet within two or three hundred miles
of those centers it cannot be obtained for less
than from twelve to twenty per cent, per annum.
I think that one of the reasons for this state
of things is that the law as it now stands requires
those banks which are not banks of redemption
to keep large deposits in the cities for the pur-
pose of redeeming their notes. The effect of
that is, that tiie currency issued by the country
banks goes to the cities in large volumes, creat-
ing a plethora of money there, while there is a
depletion of currency in the country.
Nov/, I think a proper provision to be in-
serted in any financial system which looks to
a reformation of the present banking system
is one which will allow the country banks to
keep their currency at home and not be re-
quired to send it to the large cities, especially
when the premium of interest allowed there on
deposits tends to draw the currency from the
country banks to the city banks, so that when
there is a pressure at home they are compelled
to send to the city for a supply of currency.
I appeal especially to all members who are
acquainted with country banking to say whether
such is not the fact. I know that in my sec-
tion of the country the most unexceptionable
paper is refused discount at the banks for the
avowed leason that there is no currency with
which to make the discount. Now, sir, the
currency at the cities can, at a very small ex-
pense—not one tenth of one per cent.—be sent
to the country banks. Let the city banks
when they have country currency on hand send
that currency by express or otherwise, to be
redeemed at the counter of the bank issuing
it. This measure will draw the currency from
the great money centers and will give relief to
the country districts, by keeping the money at
home to be circulated by the banks issuing it.
The bill, as it stands, is distinctively a meas-
ure of contraction. The country banks—all
banks which aro not banks of redemption-
are required to keep on hand a reserve of iif-
