1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Folygamy in Utah—Mr. Hooper.
Ho. of Reps.
whatever quarter it may bo dorived, and let the
Bible speak for itself. Then we shall see that moro
than one wife, notwithstanding the seventh com-
mandment, was allowed by God himself, who, how-
ever others might take it, must infallibly know His
own mind, boperfeotly acquainted with Hisowh will,
and thoroughly understand His own law. If He did
not intend to allow a plurality of wives, but to pre*
vent and condemn it, either by the seventh com-
mandment or by some other law, how is it possible
that Ho should mako laws for its regulation, any
more than He should make laws for the regulation
of theft and murder? How is it conoeivablo that
lie should give the least countenance to it, or so ox-
prcss His approbation as even to work miracles in
support of it? For the making a woman fruitful who
was naturally barron must have been the cffcct of
supernatural power. He blessed, and. in a distin-
guished manner, owned the issue, and declared it
legitimate to all intents and purposes. If this be not
allowance what is ?
" As to tfao first, namely, His making laws for tho
regulation of polygamy, let us consider what is writ-
ten in Exodus xxi:10. If he (t\ c., tho husband)
take him another wife, (not in so doing that he sins
against tho seventh commandment, recorded in tho
preceding chapter,) but her food, her raiment, (i. e.
of the first wife,) and her duty of marriage, he shall
not diminish. Here God positively forbids a neg-
lect, much more tho divorcing or-putting away of
tho first wife, but charges no sin in taking the second.
"Secondly. When Jacob married Bacnel she was
barren, and so continued for many years; but God
uid not leavo this as a punishment upon her for
marrying a man who had another wifo. It is said,
(Genesis xxx: 22,) that God remembered Rachel, and
God hearkened unto her and opened her womb, and
she conceived and bare a son, and said,'God hath
taken away my reproach.' Surely, this passage of
Scripture oughtto afford a complete answer to those
who bring the words of the marriage bond as cited by
Christ, (Matthew xix: 5,) 'They twain shall be ono
llcsh,' to prove polygamy sinful, and should lead us to
construe them as, by this instance and many others,
tho Lawgiver himself appears to have doxic; that is
to say, where a woman not betrothed to another
man unites herself in personal knowledge with the
man of her choice, let that man's situation bo what it
may, thoy twain shall be ono flesh. llow, otherwise,
do wo find such a woman as llachel united to Jacob,
who had a wile then living praying to God for a
blc.-sing on lier intercouise with Jacob, and God,
hearkening to her, opening her womb, romovingr
hoi barrenness, and thus by miracle taking away her
reproach? Wc also find the oifspring legitimate,
«nd inheritors of tho land of Canaan, a plain proof
that Joseph and Benjamin were no bastards or born
out of lawful marriage.
" See a like palpable instance of God's miraculous
blessing on polygamy in the ease of Hannah. (1 Sam-
uel, i ami ii.) These instances serve also to prove
that, m God's account, tho second marriage is just as
valid as tho first, and as obligatory; and that our
making it less so is contradictory to the divine wis-
dom.
" Thirdly. God blessed and owned the issue. How
eminently this was the case with regard to Joseph,
(see Genesis lxix: 22-UG,) to Samuel, (sec 1 Samuel,
in: 35.) It was oxpressly commanded that a bastard,
or son of a woman that was with child by whoredom,
should not enter into the congregation of tho Lord,
even to his tenth generation. (Deuteronomyxiii :
2,) But wo find Samuel, the offspring of polygamy,
ministering to the Lord in the tabernacle at Siiiloh,
even in his v'ery childhood, clothed with a linen
ephod, before Lli, tho priest, See this whole his-
tory, (1 Samuel i and ii.) Who, then, can doubt of
Samuel's legitimacy, and consequently of Gods
allowance of and blessing on polygamy? If such
second nniriiago was, m God's account, null and
void, as a sin against the original law of marriage,
or the seventh commandment, or any other law of
Uod, no mark of legitimacy could have been found
on the issue ; for a null and void marriage is tanta-
mount to no marriage at all; and if nomarriage.no
legitimacy of the issuecan possibly bo. Instead of
such a blessing as Hannah obtained, we should ha vo
found her and her husband, Elkanah, charged with
adultery, dragged forth and stoned to death; for so
was adultery to be punished. All this furnishes us
with a conducive proof that the having more than
one wifo with which a man cohabited was not adul-
tery m tho sight of God; or, in other words, that it
never was reckoned by Him any sin against tho
seventh Commandment, or tho original marriage
institution, or any other iaw whatsoever.
"' Fourthly. But there is a passage (Deuteronomy
xxi;15) which is express to the point, and amounts
to a demonstration of God's allowance of plurality
ot wives: 'If a man have two wives, one beloved and
another hated, and they have borne him children,
both thobeloved and tho hated, and if the first-born
be hers that was hated, then it shall be, when ho
makcth his sons to inherit that which ho hath, that
lie may not mako tho son of the beloved iirst-born
. On the footing of
this iaw the marriage oi both women is equally law-
la!. God calls them both wives, and He cannot be
inis^ikon. If he calls them so they certainly were
so. it t 'ae second wile bore the first son, that son was
to inherit before a son born afterward of the first wife.
Here the issue is expressly deemed legitimate, and
41sx Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 12.
inheritable to the doublo portion of the first-born,
whioh could not be if the second marriage v?<?re not
deemed as lawful and valid as the first.
To say that a plurality of wives is sinful
is to. make God the author qf sin; for, not to forbid
that which is evil,, but even to countenance and pro-
mote it, is being so far the author of it and accessory
to it in the highest degree. And shall we.dare to
say, or even think, that this is chargeable upon Pim
who is of purer eyes than to behold evil, and who
cannot look on iniquity? (Habakkuk i: 13.) God
forbid.
"When God is upbraiding David, by the prophet
Nathan, for his ingratitude to his Almighty bene-
factor* (2 Samuel xii,) he does it in the following
terms, verse &: * I gave thee thy master's house, and
thy master's wives into thy bosom, and I gave thee
the house of Israel and Judah, and if thatliad been
too little I would, moreover, ha%e given thee sueh
and such things.'
'' Can we suppose God giving moro wives than ono
into D avid's bosom, who already had more than ono,
if it was sin in David to take them Y Gan we imagine
that God would thus transgress, as it were, Ilis own
commandment in ono instance and so severely re-
prove and chastise David for breaking it in another?
Is it not rather plain, from tho whole transaction,
that David committed mortal sin in taking another
liviDg man's wifo, but not in taking the widows of
th$ deceased Saul ? And thus, therefore, though the
law of God condemned the first, yet it did not condemn
tho second.
"Sixthly. When David took tho wife of Uriah ho
was severely reprimanded by tho prophet Nathan;
but after Uriah's death ho takes the same woman,
though ho had other wives before, and no fault is
found with him; nor is he charged with the least
flaw or insincerity in his repentance on that account.
The child which was the fruit of his intercourse with
Bathsheba, during her husband Uriah's life, God
struck to death -with His own hand. (2 Samuel xii:
15.) Solomon, born of the same womau, begotten by
the samo man, in a state of plurality of wives, is
acknowledged by God Himself as David's lawful is^uc,
(1 Kings v: 5.) and as such set upon his throne. Tho
law which positively excluded bastards, orthoseborn
out of lawful wedlock, from the congregation of tho
Lord, even to tho tenth generation, (Deuteronomy
xxiii: 2.) is wholly inconsistent with Solomon beinj?
employod to build God's temple, being tho mouth of
tho people to Uod in prayer, and offering sacrifices m
tho toraplo at its dedication, unless David's marriage
with Bathsheba was a lawful marriage; Solomon tho
lawful issue of that marriago; consequently aplural-
Uy of wives no sin, cither against tho primary insti-
tution of marriago or against tho seventh command-
ment. Hut so far from Solomou being under any
disqualification from tho law above mentioned, he
is appointed by Cod Himself to build tho temple. (1
Kings viii: 19.) His prayer is heard and tho house
is hallowed (chapter ix: 3) and filled with such glory
that tho priests could not stand to minister. (Chap-
ter viii: 5l.) Solomon, therefore, as well as Samuel,
stands as demonstrable proof that achild born under
tho circumstanees of a plurality of wives is no bas-
tard—God Himself being tho judge, whoso judgment
is aceoiding to truth.
"A more striking instance of God's thoughts on
tho total difference between a plurality of wives and
adultery doesnot moot us any where with more force
and clearness in any $art of tho sacred history than
in the account which is given us of David and Cath-
shoba and their issue.
" Whon David took Bathsheba she was another
man's wifo; the child which he begat by her in that
situation was begotten in adulteiy, aud tho thing
which David had dono displeased tho Lord. (2 Sam-
uel xi: 27.) And what was tho consequence? Wo are
told (2 Samuel xii:l) tho Lord sent .Nathan, the
prophet, unto David. Nathan opened his commission
with a most beautiful parable descriptive of David's
crime; this parable the prophet applies to the con-
viction of the delinquent, sets it homo upon his con-
science, brings him to repentance, and tho poor
penitent finds mercy; his life is spared. (Verse 13.)
Yet God will vindicate tho honor of His moral gov-
ernment, and that in tho most awful manner. The
murder of Uriah is to be visited upon David and his
house. 'The sword shall never depart from thine
house.' (Verse 30.) Theadultory withBathshobawas
to be retaliated in tho most aggravated inannor.
'Because thou hast despised me and bast taken tho
wifo of Uriah, the Hittite, to be thy wifo, thus saith
the Lord, I will raise up evil against thee out of
thine own house, and I will take thy wives and give
them unto thy neighbor beforo thmo eyes; and he
shall lie with thy wives in the sight of the sun; for
thou didst it secretly; but I will do this thing before
all Israel and beforo the sun.' All this was shortly
fulfilled in the rebellion and incest of Absalom.
(Chapter xi: 21, 22.) And this was done in tho way
of judgment on David for taking and defiling the
wife of Uriah, and was included in the curses threat-
ened (Deuteronomy xxxviii: 30) to the despiscrs of
God's laws.
" As to the issue of David's adulterous commerce
with Bathsheba it is written, (2 Samuel xii: 15,) the
Lord, struck tho child that Uriah's wife bare unto
David, and it was very sick. What a dreadful scourge
this was unto David, who could not but read his
crime in his punishment, the following verses de-
clare, wherein wc find David almost frantic with
grief. However, the child's sickness was unto death,
for (verse 18) on the seventh day the child died. #
"Now let us take a view of David's act in taking
a plurality of wives, when, after Uriah's death, ho
added Bathsheba to his other wives. (Verses 21,25.)
And David comforted Bathsheba, his wife, and went
in unto her and lay withhor, and she bare a son. and
he called his name Solomon, [that maketh peace and
reconciliation or recompense,] and the Lord loved
him. Again wefind Nathan, who had been sent on
tho former occasion, sent also on this, but with a
very different message. 'And He [the Lord] sent by
tho hand of Nathan, the prophet, and ho called his
name Jedediah, [dilectw Domim—beloved of tho
Lord.jbeoauso of tho Lord,' i.e., becauso of the favor
God had toward him. (Verse 2-1.)
"Let any read onward through the whole history
of Solomon; lot them consider tho instances of God's
peculiar favor toward him already mentioned, and
tho many others that are to bo found in the account wo
have of him; let them compare God's dealings with
the unhappy issue of David's adultery and this happy
offspring of Bathsheba, ono of his many wives, and
if tho allowance and approbation of the latter doth
not as clearly appear as tho condemnation and pun-
ishment of tho former, surely all distinction and dif-
ference must be at an end, and Scripture itself lose
the force of its own evidence.
"The next Scripture to bo further considered is
Matthew xix: 9: 'I say unto you, whosoover shall
put away his wifo, except it bo for fornication, and
shall marry another, committeth adultery; and
whoso marrieth her which is put away committeth
adultery/
"Christ was surrounded at this time by a groat
multitude of people, who, in principle, as living
under the law of the Old Testament, were polyga-
mists; and doubtless numbers of them were so iiv
practice. Many there must have been among this
groat multitude of Jews who had either married two
wives together, or, having one, took another to her
and cohabited with both. Had our Lord intended
to havo condemned such practices ho wouidscarcely
have made uso of words which did not describe their
situation, but of words that did. It is very plain that
he that putteth away his wifo by giving her a bill of
divorcement could havo nothing to do with tho man
who took two wives togother, or one to another, and
cohabited alike with both. But wo are apt to con-
struo Scripturo by supposing persons to whom par-
ticular things arc said wcro in the circumstances
then in which we are now; but it was far otherwise;
they had no municipal laws against plurality of
wives, as wo have. So far from it, their whole law,
as has been abundantly proved, allowed it; which
said law, and every part thereof, was. at the timo
Christ spake what is recorded in Matthew xix: 9, in
as full foroo and efficacy as at the moment after
Moses had delivered it to the people, do therefore
could no moro state a plurality of wives as adultory
by the law of Israel than I can state it as high trea-
son by tho laws of England.
" Can it bo imagined that Christ,so remarkable for
Ilis precision, so thoroughly accurato in all lie paid
on every other point, should use so little in this as
not to make Ilnnsolf understood by lbs hearers?
Nay, that lie should observe so little precision ys not
to describe an oltensc which we sire to suppose linn
to condemn ? The most llagrant msi ances, tho my^t
obvious and palpable definitions of a. plurality «-f
wives, cannot be understood fioni what lie says. ilo
that putteth away his wife by lall of divorcement
and marrieth another does not d"-cribo a man's
taking two wives together and cohabiting with both,
nor a man's having awito and taking another to her
and cohabiting with both. Sueh was tho Old Testa-
ment plurality ol wives; not the putting away ono
in order to take another.
44 Now, it a plurality of wives were unlaw fa], and of
course null and void beforo God, then wh not, Christ
legally descended oftheUouscand lineage of David,
but from a spurious issue, not only in the instances
above mentioned, but also m others which might be
mentioned. So that when Christ is supposed to con-
demn a plurality of wives as adultery, contrary to tho
institution of marriago and to the seventh command-
ment, Ho muscat tho same timo be supposed to de-
feat His own title to tho character of the Messiah,
concerning whom God had sworn to David that of
tho fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, Ho would
raise up Christ to sit on His throne. (Sec Acts ii:
30, with Psalm exxxu: 11.)
"Tho lawfulness of a plurality of wlvt-5 lmiot of
course be established, or the whole of Christianity
must fall to tho ground, and Christ not bo lie that
was to come, but wo must look for another. (Mat-
thew xi : 3.)
"In none of Si. Paul's epistles, nor in the seven
awful epistles which St. John was commanded to
wnte to the seven churches in Asia, is a plurality of
wives found among the crimes lor which they wcro
reproved. Every other species of commerce between
the sexes is distinctly and often mentioned; this not
onco, except on tho woman's side, (as Romans vii: 3.)
But had it been sinful and against the law on the
man's side, it is inconceivable that it should not
have been mentioned on both fides equally.
"Grotiusobsorvcs,'Among the paganslownatious
wero content with one wife,' and we do not find the
apostle making this any bar to church membership.
It can hardly be supposed that if a plurality of wives
were sinful, that is to say an offense against the law
of God, the great apostle should be so liberal and so
particular, in his Epistle to the Corinthians, in the
condemnation of every other species of illicit com-
merce between the sexes, and yet omit tins in the
black catalogue, (chapter vi: 9, &c.,) or that ho should
not be as zealous for tho honor of the law of marriage,
