1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2135
no change in tlie domicile of the son. Their
removal to Minnesota, therefore, did not affect
his domicile in any way whatsoever, and upon
the strict principles of the common law Gen-
eral Ames was a citizen of the State of Maine.
Mr. THAYER. Does the Senator from
Ohio believe that General Ames, if he had
returned last year to Maine, would have been
permitted to vote there ?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know whether
lie would or not,. That would depend there
probably on what the politics of the judges of
election were. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYEK. That might be in Ohio;
but in Maine they are pure.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 do not know whether
be would have been allowed to vote there or
not. One thing I am very certain of, that lie
would have had a right to vote there upon the
case which is now before the Senate.
Mr. THAYER. Although he was a minor
when he left the State?
Mr, THURMAN. That docs not alter the
case, because I have said his parents were
domiciled in Maine until after he was sui juris,
until after 3iis uinjority.
Mr. THAYER. He had never been entitled
to vote there, and had not been back to the
State of Maine since lie arrived at his majority.
Mr. T1UJIIMAN. That does not make the
slightest difference in the world. If he was a
citizen of Maine, it does not matter whether
his absence took place before he became of
age or whether it took place afterward. That
does not alter the case in the slightest degree;
that is wholly immaterial, ft does not matter
one straw whether he was a citizen of Maine
or whether lie had no citizenship at all except
as a citizen of the United States ; it does not
matter whether his domicile was in Maine or
whether he had no domicile. That is not the
(juostiou. The question is, was lie domiciled
in Mississippi; was he an inhabitant.of Missis-
sippi within the meaning of the Constitution
of the United States? ' That, is the question.
And it is 110 answer to that to say that if you
do not give him inhabitancy in Mississippi lie
has an inhabitancy nowhere, because that may
be exactly the condition of many a man, as 1
have shown.
But there is an aspect of the case wholly
apart from the question whether an officer of
the Army or Navy can acquire a residenco when
he is under actual orders, 1 should not he dis-
posed to establish a very stringent rule on that
subject. I do not know but, that I would be
willing to allow an officer of the Army or an
ollicer of the Navy, by perfectly unequivocal
acts, such as marrying and settling a family,
buying a homestead, and the like, to acquire in
the place ho was some time inhabiting, a dom-
icile, when these acts were perfectly open and
plain, showing an unconditional intention of
declaring that us his home atul his domicile. I
am not prepared to say that I would not allow
him that right, although that would bo stretch-
ing the law, according to almost every decision
J have been able to lind, a great way.
Rut grant that that is the law, grant that an
odicer of the Army, and in the very place
where he is remaining by order of bis Govern-
ment, can yet do such acts as to make him an
inhabitant there, such as marrying and settling
his wife there, or buying a homestead, with the
open unequivocal, unconditional, declaration of
intention to become a citizen of that place,
there to reside, to make that his home; admit
that that may be the case, (and certainly that isas
far as you can go if you have any respect at all
for the law,) and how far short does General
Ames's ease come of that? Did he buy a home-
stead ? No. Did he settle a family ? He had
none to settle. Did he do any act whatsoever—
I speak not of mere declaration or intention,
but any act that fastened hira to the soil of
Mississippi any more than he would have done
if he had never dreamed of leaving the Army
of the United States? Not one act;_and_£
repeat, therefore, that there is nothing in this
case to make General Ames an inhabitant of
Mississippi at the time he was elected, but his
doubtfut declared intention, his conditional,
contingent, lame, and impotent intention to
become a citizen there in case ho should be
elected a member of the United States Senate.
I have said more on this subject than I ex-
pected to say. I have no feeling whatsoever
about it. I have considered this case, as I said
before, withoutany prejudice whatsoever. There
is no reason why I should have any. I know
full well that if you maintain the supremacy
of the law, I know full well that if you uphold
the law and say that General Ames is not eli-
gible to his place hero, not a week perhaps will
pass by before his Legislature will reelect him,
for now he is eligible ; at least now he is sui
juris, now lie can become an inhabitant of
Mississippi, now he can voluntarily become
domiciled there without anybody to control his
action, and then with that voluntary inhabit-
ancy and the animus manendi, he becomes
an inhabitant of Mississippi. Therefore the
question in this ease is not with respect to the
man at all; it is simply a question, in which
there is no politics, no party, whether this
Senate will set the precedent of overruling as
well-settled principles of the law as are to be
found in the books anywhere, and not one of
which is to be found controverted in any book
whatsoever.
The question is whether this Senate, which
is seeking so much, as it says, to enforce law
and order in Mississippi ; which is crying out
against violations of law and order in the South;
which is resorting to extraordinary means.to
repress what it calls a disregard of law and
order; whetherthis Senatewillset theexample
itself of utterly disregarding law as well settled
as the Decalogue itself.
The VICE l'UUSLDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CARl'UNTKR. Mr. President 
Mr. 1IAMLIN. Will the Senator yield for
a moment? 1 suppose at this late hour there
is not much prospect of getting the final vote
to-day ; and if the Senator will allow me [ will
move an adjournment,
Mr. CARlTiNTliK. Very well.
Mr. HAMLIN, i move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 22, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock ni. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Run,eh.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
Journal of yesterday.
Mr. ALLISON moved that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
knllom-ed bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 860) to confirm the appor-
tionment and amend certain laws of the Terri-
tory of Arizona; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 53) for relief of
Francis S. McDonald.
election contest tucker vs. booker.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, from the
sub-committee of the Committecof Elections, to
whom were referred the credentials of George
W. Booker, claiming a seat from the fourth
congressional district of Virginia, and the me-
morial of George Tucker, contesting the same,
submitted a report in writing, accompanied by
the following resolution:
liesoleed. That lion. george w. bookkr is enti-
tled to retain his seal as a member of this Congress
from the lourth district o£ the State of Virginia
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I move
that the report be laid upon the table, and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I give
notice that I will call up the report on Thurs-
day, March 31.
Mr. POLAND. I offer the following reso-
lution, and give notice that I shall move it as
a substitute for the resolution reported by the
committee:
"Whereas it is proved by the evidence now before
thisiluuae that george W. bookeb, now occupying a
sent as a member of this House from the fourth dis-
trict of Virginia, prior to the late rebellion held and
exercised the office of justice of the oouuty court lor
the county of lienry in said State, the same being a
judicial office, and as such justice did take an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States; and
altcrthcsaid State of Virginia had accededfrom the
I'nion and become a member of the confederacy said
JiooKKR continued to hold and exercise said office up
to the year 1801, when ho wses uxain elected to said
office of justice of said county court, and as such
took an oath to support the constitution of said
confederacy, and held and cxerciscd oflicc under
j .ud conlodcrntc State; and whereas it lurcher ap-
pears that s:<id bookkr, as such justice, voted to raise
a tax of $10,000 to arm the militia of said county
of ilenry, in opposition to the eiFoitsofthe United
States Government to suppress the rebellion, and
said bookkr was by said court appointed an agent
to vihit the rebel army to asceitam the needs ot the
soldiers 1 rn in that county, and supply such wants ;
and said booki:u accepted such appointment and
did visit said rebel army, and submitted a written
report to said couit, in which he made various rcc-
Mimnendations in reference to supplying the said
troops; and as such justice, and as agent appointed
by said court, the said booker gave active, efficient
and willing support to tUo rebellion. By means of
all which said bookrii is disqualified, under the
fourteenth amendment, from folding a seat in this
House, and when he took the oath proscribed by law
on his admission to this House was guilty of false
swearing: Therefore,
Hnolncd, That oeorge w. booker is disqualified
from holding a seat as a member of this Houso.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts obejet to the resolution being
admitted as an amendment?
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I object.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House.
Mr. POLAND. I submit that it is my right
to offer it as a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. Under what rale does the
gentleman claim it?
Mr. POLAND. Upon the ground that it
affects the right of a member to a seat upon
this floor.
The SPEAKER. The case has been passed
upon by one of the regular committees of the
llouse, authorized to leport at any time ; but
the privilege conferred upon the Committee of
Elections does not pertain to members gen-
erally.
Mr. POLAND. I give notice, then, that I
shall move that resolution as a substitute for
the resolution reported by the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the order to print
include the testimony?
The SPEAKER. It includes whatever is
reported by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Brooks,]
Mr. RANDALL. I want to know if the
evidence is included.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I have
stated the substance of what the gentleman
from Yermont [Mr. Polaxd] sets forth in his
amendment in my report.
Mr. POLAND. I only desire to have an
opportunity to submit my resolution as a sub-
stitute for the resolution of the committee. I
do not understand the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Brooks] to object to my offer-
ing it as a substitute for the House to vote upon.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I think
the whole matter will come up when the queis-
tion is before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly sub-
mitted the question whether the gentleman from
Massachusetts objected, and understood him to
object. It required unanimous consent to allow
the gentleman to introduce the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question in reference to the print-
ing of the evidence in this case?
