1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3079
hundred and sixty-four after the word "drawn"
to insert the following:
Provided, That rolled iron  hall not be classified
£swir6 when over one nmurter of an inch indi&meter.
That would dispose of the difficulty raised by
the gentleman as to the difference between wire
and iron rods. There is a difference—a differ-
ence in cost and a difference in the process of
manufacture.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me to interrupt him, I will
remark that I think he will find there is no
difference.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I am entirely familiar
with the principle on which the wire gauge is
Tated, and 1 propose this amendment in good
faith. There are common uses to which rolled
iron over the size specified in my amendment
is put for which wire is not necessary. It is
the cheaper article, and 1 claim that rolled iron
over aquarter of an inch in diameter shall come
in as iron rods and not as wire.
Mr. ALLISON. Under the present law
round iron less than three quarters of an inch
indiameteris rated at 1J cents per pound. Now,
by the gentleman's amendment, if it is under
one quarter of an inch it will be treated as
wire, and as such will be rated at. 2 cents, one
ball'cent more than the present law. That is
the objection I have to the gentleman's amend-
ment. The chairman has stated that rolled
iron is not classed as wire.
Mr. CLEVELAND. But in this bill the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
has classed wire up to one half inch in diam-
eter, whether rolled or drawn ; of an inch
amounts nearly to half an inch.
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to make an inquiry,
and request the attention of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. Round
iron now, less than three fourths of an inch in
diameter, under the existing law which in this
respect is not changed by this bill, pays 1£
cents per pound. This includes all round iron
under three fourths of an inch in diameter,
whether it be one eighth of an inch, or what-
ever it may be. Now, we are providing that
iron wire, rolled or drawn, shall pay so much;
an amount higher than that rate.
Mr CLEVELAND. Before the gentleman
proceeds further, I would like him to explain
what he means by "wire."
Mr. ALLISON. That is precisely what I
wish some gentleman to inform me. I desire
to know what is the distinction between rolled
iron and wire.
Mr. CLEVELAND. As the matter stands
in the bill, it is a muddle for which I am not
inclined to vote. If the paragraph passes in'
its present shape, the two articles will come in
conflict. You will not find an examiner in the"
custom-house who will be able to interpret this
part of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not a'manufacturer
of this article, and I have to depend upon the
information brought to the Committee of Ways
and Means with regard to it. According to
that information it appears that they are mak-
ing wire, and quite fine wire, by rolling instead
of by drawing.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Even piano wire is so
made.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes; and it is none the
less wire and none the more wire, that instead
of the old process of drawing entirely—that is,
cutting wire into lengths from ingots and pro-
ducing it to the required fineness—they now
make it by rolling. But whether it be wire,
or whether it shall be called rod, depends upon
its diameter; and there are known methods in
the trade of determining when it ceases to be
wire and begins to be rod, or when the rod is
fine enough to be called wire.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Yes; and there is
plenty of iron rolled down to a point finer than
the highest point of the wire gauge, which is
luift of an inch, nearly half an inch.
ilr SCHENCK. Precisely; and then it is
wire.
Mr. CLEVELAND. By your Classification
rolled iron nearly half an inch in diameter ie
classified as wire.
Mr. SCHENCK. If those who make rods
do not understand their own tables, or have
made their tables inaccurately,'that is no fault
of mine. I was not engaged in establishing
their rules a3 to the difference between rods
and wire.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New Jersey if he will allow to be reported
for information the amendment I have drawn?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not within the
province of the gentleman from New Jersey to
prevent it.
Mr. HOAR. Then I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment, which I send to the
desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Begin line three hundred and sixty-three with the
following words. "On all iron not more than one
fourth of an inch diameter or square, aud," so that
the paragraph will read:
On all iron not more than one fourth of an inch
diameter or square, and on all iron wire or wire
of«which iron shall be & component part of chief
value, &c.
Mr. HOAR. The point which the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Cleveland] makes is
undoubtedly correct, and that is that the ques-
tion whether an article is wire or rod does not
depend upon its size, but upon whether it is
drawn or rolled. A piece of iron rolled round
is a rod, and apiece of iron drawn cold through
a plate, round, is wire. That is the distinction.
Now, the committee by their amendment have
introduced the term "rolled wire," and there
is no such thing as rolled wire. It leaves it,
therefore, to be a matter of cnstom-house
construction. The amendment of the gentle-
man from New Jersey, if I understand it, does
not obviate the difficulty which he points out
in the amendment of the committee, because
it provides that nothing shall be construed to
be wire that is above a certain size. He does
not say whether or not it shall be construed to
be wire if it is rod below that size, and it still
leaves a question of custom-house construction
and not of legislative enactment. Now, the
proposition which I ask him to substitute for
his is simply that iron not more than a quarter
of an inch in diameter or square shall be
classified as wire, whether it be rolled or drawn.
As I understand it, by a recent process invented
in England, and now in the course of intro-
duction into this country, iron rods are rolled
to the size which I hold in my hand.
Mr. CLEVELAND. And smaller.
Mr. HOAR. And still smaller. This arti-
cle comes into competition with all that class
of wire where smoothness and perfect round-
ness are not essential, and it is very important,
therefore, that whatever protection you propose
to give to that wire shall be so given as to afford
it against the competing article, whatever the
process by which it is made. That is the point.
Allow me to add one word if my time has not
expired. This is a matter which is interesting
to a large portion of the country. They man-
ufacture thiB wire not only in Massachusetts
and Connecticut; there is a very large manu-
factory established in Cincinnati, turning out
five or six tons a day of this precise kind ; there
is also a new establishment at St. Louis, and
one at Cleveland.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. CLEVELAND. I would like to explain
this point first. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts proposes that all iron, whether square
or round, above a quarter of an inch shall be
classified not as wire. Now, there are sizes
of wire above that size properly classified as
wire, and which should come in as wire. I
claim, therefore, that his amendment is not a
proper amendment, and that mine is a proper
amendment. It would allow all wire which is
properly wire to come in classified as wire,
which is right. But rolled iron, which would
come in under the amendment of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means as wire, is not wire,
but rolled iron.
Mr. HOAR. Allow me one word. It seems
to me that this is a mere question of phrase-
ology. We are all agreed as to the result to be
accomplished. I think both amendments had
better be withdrawn, and one can be drawn
up to which we can both agree.
Mr. CLEVELAND. While I am upon the
floor I will explain this matter a little further.
These iron rods are used for manufacturing
purposes, by stove makers to put together their
stoves. There is & great difference between
wire and iron rods. But by the amendment
introduced here by the Committee of Ways
and Means they are mixed together, so mixed
that an examiner in the custom-house, who
will be the party making the decision, will not
be able to separate them. By the present
habit of manufacturers they might be able to
distinguish them by the manner in which they
are put np in coils and by the length of the
rods. But rolled iron nearly half an inch in
diameter under the arrangement of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would come in as
wire when it ought to come in as rolled iron
at a less duty; It is of less value, and is used
for different purposes. It is softer, unless it is
annealed. It is an entirely different manufac-
ture, and should come in at a different duty as
it always has done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I move to strike out the
entire paragraph. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to one very strange
feature in this proposition.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a point of order.
The C HA 1RM AN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. HOAR. Is it in order to move to strike
out a paragraph to which amendments are
pending ?
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strike
out is in order; but the question upon striking
out will not be taken until all the amendments
are disposed of.
Mr. LOGAN. Under the law as it now
stands there is & duty imposed on wire of 1£
cents per pound. In the pending paragraph,
which I have moved to strike out, no rate of
duty on wire is mentioned less than 2 cents
per pound. Another thing: these twisted ties
which have been mentioned are rated in this
bill, in another paragraph, at a duty of 6 cents
per pound, or 12o per cent, ad valorem. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Schenck] has moved to insert twisted
ties in this paragraph at a duty of 2} cents per
pound, which is over 60 per cent, ad valorem.
Even according to this proposition of theCom-
mittee of Ways and Means the duty of the
present law is nearly doubled.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to one fact.
I do not know whether his constituents are
interested in iron wire or not. But I do know
that the prairie country is interested in it. The
great portion of the fencing of our prairie
country is made of iron wire. Our people,
therefore, are deeply interested in this matter.
Now, I ask where is the necessity for this
increase of duty? The duty imposed by the
present law was considered by our people to
be high, and is still so considered by them.
And instead of leaving the duty on this article
where it now is the Committee of Ways and
Means proposed, first, to increase it from 35
per cent, ad valorem to 125 per cent, and now
they propose to make it over 60 per cent.
Where is the necessity for that increase, or fflr
any increase? I have, therefore, moved to
strike out this entire paragraph, so as to let
the duty on iron wire stand as it has existed
for some years past. We consider that that
