4968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
allowance whatever forthe reserves on deposits
for the new banks authorized under the bill.
The House struck out the sections reported by
the committee providing for. banking on a gold
basis. In what form does the bill come back
from the Senate? It proposes a reduction of
$50,000,000upon the $95,000,000 embraced in
the House bill, reducing the increase to only
§45,000,000. The redistribution clause is re-
tained ; but the sections relative to banking
upon a gold basis, which the House emphat-
ically struck out, are restored. The committee
of conference on the part of the House must
have consented to restoring that which the
House had struck out of the bill.
The bill was recommitted to the Committee
on Banking and Currency, after the sense of
the House was taken on the question of gold
banks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No vote was
taken on that question, and in that regard the
gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. Perhapsl am mistaken ;
but the discussion of the proposition made it
apparent in the House that the House was
opposed to it, and henee the committee struck
it out. However, we find the clause in the
bill as it comes back to us in this conference
report.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the conference report
doesthis. Itgives $45,000,000of national bank
note currency; but it retires the 345,000,000
of three per cent, certificates. And in addition
it takes out of the pockets of the people
$9,000,000 of "greenbacks" and locks them
up as a reserve. There is a direct contraction
of $9,000,000; and that man certainly violates
every trust reposed in him by his constituency
if he comes from the South, the Southwest, or
the Northwest if he votes for a measure which
takes even one dollar out of the pockets of the
people by way of contraction.
1 wish to call the attention of the House to
this gold-banking provision. I do not believe
any banks will be organized under it. I believe
it is a sop thrown to the Pacific and the south-
ern States to induce them to vole for this bill.
Do you expect to organize hanks on a gold
basis while all the other banks are organized
on the basis of paper money ? Do you expect
to maintain specie payments while specie con-
tinues at a premium of twelve to fifteen per
cent. ? Of course, you cannot expect to accom-
plish any such thing. As I have said, it is a
mere sop thrown out to the people of the Pacific
and southern States in order to induce their
Representatives here to vote for the adoption
of this conference report.
I wish to show you what will bo its possible
effects if it ever goes into operation. A bank
may organize with $100,000 of capital, and
supposing it is all paid up, it may then deposit
one third of the amount of the capital in bonds
with the Treasurer of the United States, receiv-
ing from him eighty per cent, of currency.
One third of the $100,000 is §33,000 in round
numbers. You propose that the banks shall
reserve twenty-five per cent, in gold with which
to redeem circulation. One quarter of thirty-
three is eight and a fraction, $8,000. To
organize a gold bank under this bill with
$100,000 of capital you must have $33,000 of
bonds and $8,000 of gold. Now, suppose a
thousand such banks organize under this bill,
you will have $100,000,000 of capital. You
will have $80,000,000 of circulation, and you
will have but $20,000,000 of gold coin to re-
deem with, and you will have to trust the
officers of the banks as to whether it is there
or not..
Now, suppose a '-run" is made on the
banks for the coin: suspension must follow,
and then, by the bill, the Government must
redeem the $80,000,000 of bank circulation in
gold coin. You tell us that the Government
has the bonds of the banks to secure that cir-
culation ; but we are forced to put the bonds on
the market to raise $80,000,000 in gold. What
then will be the result? Depreciation of our
credit, which troubles some gentlemen here so
much, general distress, and widespread ruin.
This is the feast to which we are invited!
I tell you, Mr. Speaker, that the best thing
this House can do is to non-concur in this con-
ference report and have a new committee of
conference, with a view to bring forward a bill
which will answer the demands of the people.
I say let the gold-banking scheme alone. It
will be time enough to organize banks on a
gold basis when we shall have resumed specie
payments, and then we ought not to do it, at
any rate while we are a debtor nation. It is
unwise in us and most impolitic at this time to
anticipate the resumption of specie payments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Townsund.]
Mr. TOWNSEND. I am opposed to this
bill for entirely different reasons from those
urged by my colleague from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Abmstroxg") or the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Ingebsoll.] I oppose the bill because
1 look upon it as a measure practically of great
expansion. It is very well understood by every-
body who has studied the question of the cur-
rency, as has been very well explained by the
learned chairman of the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency in opening this debate some
days ago, that the deposits of the banks have
a great deal to do in the business of the coun-
try, and that they act in all respects with the
same effcct as the circulating notes of the Gov-
ernment or of the national banks, especially in
the cities, and that they play the same part in
doing the business of the country as those notes
perform.
Now, the bill as it stands before us to-day
provides for $45,000,000 of national bank cur-
rency, to be issued in the place of the three
per cent, certificates. And there is to come
out of that, by way of reserve, an amount, if
we take it at twenty per cent., of $9,000,000.
There would lie a contraction of the circula-
tion of the notes of the country to that amount.
But as we all know that the deposits in the
banks amount to more than their capital, we
may very rationally presume that when the
banks have been established with a circulation
of $15,000,000, there will be in those batiks,
collected from the littlo savings of the people
in the neighborhood around, an amount at
least equal to the capital of the banks, so that
there will be that much added to the means
by which the banks may discount and give
their credit out to the people, to enable iiiem
to carry on their business transactions. There
is to come out of that $45,000,000 of deposits
twenty per cent., or $9,000,000, by way of re-
serve. This will leave $36,000,000 of deposits.
And the whole amount of the expansion in the
case which I have stated will be the amount
of the deposits, whatever that may be, less the
twenty per cent., or $9,000,000, upon the cur-
rency, and the twenty per cent., whatever that
may be, on the deposits. In other words, if
there he $45,000,000 of deposits, then there
will be $18,000,000 to be deducted out of the
$45,000,000, leaving $27,000,000 of inflation
for aiding the. business of the country. That,
I contend, will be the tuie and practical oper-
ation and work of such a system as is provided
for in this bill.
Let me now speak of the gold banks, for
which provision has been made in this bill.
They will be strong and efficient means whereby
this inflation of the currency may be extended.
In California and all those States where gold
is the ruling medium of currency there will be
added to the currency the whole amount that
they can float of these gold notes. And in the
eastern States, while there is no resumption of
specie payments, they will become in the be-
ginning banks of deposit. They will attract
to themselves the deposits that, may be lying
around loose; the little odds and ends, the
means of farmers and laboring men and busi-
ness men laid away and not now in the banks.
They will attract to themselves as banks of
deposit a large amount, probably equal to the
amount of their capital, and that amount de-
posited in the banks will be a means whereby
an extension of business operations will be
sustained; and as these deposits will be pay-
able on demand, they will be loaned on call
loans to brokers and others, being the most
mischievous kind of loans. And still further
on, when you come down to the time when
specie payments may be resumed, in addition
to the extension of the bank credit there will
be the notes which they will be able to float—
perhaps eighty per cent, upon their capital; so
that by reason of this gold bank operation the
means of the banks to inflate the business
of the country and the currency of the coun-
try will probably be doubled, to the perfect
derangement of the legitimate business of the
nation.
Besides this, we must remember that when
the Government passed the national banking
law and drove the circulation of the State
banks out of existence it reassumed its con-
stitutional duty of establishing a uniform cur-
rency. But by the free banking provisions of
that bill it again surrenders to all who may
choose to deposit United States bonds the
power of inflating the currency.
It is the constitutional duty of Congress to
provide a uniform currency and a standard of
weights and measures. The currency of the
country is the measure by which the property
of the country is measured. It is the great
financial yard-stick, and has been established
for the present at $700,000,000. But if we per-
mit, as this bill provides, associations of men
to deposit bonds and issue currency, we sur-
render our right to keep the financial yard-
stick of a certain length, and allow those asso-
ciations the right to shorten or lengthen the
financial yard- stick accordingly, as they may in-
flate or contract the currency. We give them
the control of the size of the weights and-meas-
ures of the nation instead of keeping it where
it belongs, in the hands of Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield for
five minutes to the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Bentox.]
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, I have no
idea in the few minutes allowed to me of enter-
ing into any elaborate argument upon this great
question. But I seek the opportunity of join-
ing other gentlemen in raising my voice in favor
of this bill. I am more in favor of this meas-
ure than I have been in favor of any measure
of the kind that has been discussed in this
House since I have been a member of it. For
I regard it as a most important measure, not
only calculated to relieve the people for the
time being, but to establish the credit of the
Government upon a firmer basis.
I have been more amused, since I have been
here, at the position of individuals upon ques-
tions of banking and currency than upon most
any other question that has been discussed in
this House. I remember something about the
division of parties years ago upon financial
questions. 1 recollect that before I was old
enough to vote, the Democratic doctrine was
that hard money, the gold shiners, were the
only Democratic money. I remember when
the Democratic stump speakers went about
the country and carried the masses of the peo-
ple by saying that they did not believe in this
trash of a rag currency, that they wanted the
gold, the mint drops, that which was recog-
nized as money everywhere.
Now gentlemen stand up here and talk about
greenbacks as the only money. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Inoersoll] has in his speech
just declared that the greenbacks were the peo-
ple's money, and that all that was wanted wa3
more of it. especially out West. Now, why is
it that the people out West have not as many
greenbacks as they want ? They have enough in
New York, and money can be got there for
three or four pp." cent.; and yet they are talking
