2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I will
hear the question.
Mr. RANDALL. I would inquire of thegen-
tleman whether his report includes the testi-
mony in this case and provides for its printing?
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. It includes
the printing of all testimony such as that set
forth in the resolution of the gentleman from
V ermont, [Mr. Poland.] But the report does
not include the printing of the whole of the
testimony.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to have the
whole of the evidence in this case printed. It
is usual in all election cases, and 1 have never
known it to be varied from.
Mr. BROCKS, of Massachusetts. The whole
of the evidence is contained in Miscellaneous
Document No. 44, which document is alluded
to in the report of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. ALLISON. And that document is
printed?
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. It is.
message fkom this senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gobham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment bills of the follow-
ing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1133) amendatory of the
charter of the Mutual Fire Insurance Com-
pany of the District of Columbia;
An act for the relief of William Mont Storm;
and
An act (II. R. No. 14S9) to enable John
Thompson, doeeasgd, to make application for
the extension of letters-patent for an improved
machine for folding papers.
Tlie message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (II. R. No. 1491) for
the relief of Tobias J. Ivindleberger, with an
amendment, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 009) providing for the dis-
tribution of arms to certain States ; and
An act (S. No. C84) to change the time for
holding the circuit and district court of the
United States for the district of Wisconsin.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendment of the House
to the hill (S. No. 425) to extend the time for
the completion of the lateral branch of the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad authorized
by the act approved February 5, 18G7, and to
change the location in the city of Washington
along the bank of the canal
sotiio tunnel.
Mr. ALLTSON. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the morning hour will now
commence, at ten minutes past twelve o'clock.
Tlu first business in order during the morning
hour to-day is the consideration of the bill
(H. II. No. 1179) explanatory of the act of
July 25,1800, relating to the Sutro tunnel, upon
which the Committee on Mines and Mining
made an adverse report. Upon this question
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
is entitled to the floor for fifty-two minutes
remaining of his hour.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield for forty minutes
to the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch.]
Mr. FITCH. I ask that the bill be read.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the third section of an act entitled
''An act granting to A. Sutro the right of
way, and granting other privileges to aid in
tiie construction of a (framing and exploring
tunnel to the Comstock lode in the State of
Nevada,'' passed July 25, 1860, shall not be
so construed as to impose an obligation upon
any person, company, or corporation owning
claims or mines upon said Comstock lode to
contribute or pay to the owners of said tun-
nel any charges except in accordance with the
terms of such agreements as have been or
may be made between said person, company,
or corporation and the owners of said tunnel,
nor shall it be so construed as to relieve the
owners of said tunnel from the performance
of any of the conditions in said agreements
covenanted therein to be performed on the
part of the owners of said tunnel, nor from
any of the consequences legally attaching to
a failure to perform such conditions. The
second section provides that it shall not be
necessary to express any condition in any
grant which may hereafter be obtained from
the United States by the owners of said mines,
but all persons, corporations, or companies
obtaining grants or patents shall be bound by
the terms of all contracts made with the owners
of said tunnel by them, or their predecessors
in interest.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, if those mem-
bers of this House from the Pacific coast who
favor the passage of this bill shall fail to satisfy
the House that it ought to pass, then they are
here to very little purpose. I do not claim
that any gentleman upon this floor should sur-
render his judgment to mine even upon ques-
tions local to Nevada. But I do claim that we
who have passed the best part of our lives in
that country are entitled to be largely consulted
with respect to all measures of legislation pecu-
liarly affecting our constituents.
I have nothing to say against the Sutro tun-
nel as a project, and have no unkind sentiments
to express toward its projector. If there be
those who are inclined to think that the tunnel
projector is almost as great a bore as the tun-
nel projected, I am not of that number. I
admire the persistency and intensity with which
he pushes his interests and explains his plans.
He is possessed byan hallucination to theeffect
that the president and directors and stock-
holders and agents of the Bank of California
have passed their entire time for years in devis-
ing plans to rob him of a supposititious inherit-
ance in the Comstock lode. But aside from
this madness, which has acertain method in it,
as I will presently explain, he is a man of some
cleverness and great ingenuity and tenacity.
By the exercise of those qualities Mr. Sutro
succeeded, in I860, in inducing Congress to en-
act alaw, a cunningly-worded section of which
creates a monstrous monopoly and imposes an
unjust and unnecessary tax upon the greatest
silver-producing lode in the world. I do not
believe that the Congress of 1800 intended to
bestow thisenormousfranchise upon Mr. Sutro,
or to intlict this unwarranted oppression upon
the companies mining upon the Comstock lode.
I believe that the third section of the act of
July 25, 1800, which it is now proposed to
modify, or amend, or explain, was the result
of accident or negligence, so far as Congress
is concerned. I ask the House now to pass the
bill reported by the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sargent,] and undo the wrong inadvert-
ently perpetrated by its predecessor, and I beg
the attention of gentlemen to a statement,
brief in its character, of the facts and circum-
stances under which the act of I860 was per-
mitted to become a law.
The mines upon the Comstock lode are
worked by means of perpendicular shafts, from
which at different levels drifts are run along the
lode which contains the silver-bearing quartz.
The ore when excavated is placed in small
cars running upon tracks at the bottom of the
drifts and taken to the main shaft, where it is
hoisted to the surface ; from thence it is trans-
ported to mills, where the silver is extracted.
These mills are situated at different distances
from the mines, from a hundred yards to fifteen
miles away. The mills at a distance are in the
vicinity of forests where wood can be cheaply
obtained. These mills are generally situated
upon streams which furnish without expense
water for the various uses for which water is
needed in a quartz-mill. The mills situated
near the mines are obliged to pay a high price
for water and to bring wood at a great cost from
a distance of from ten to twenty miles. The
expense of hauling the quartz rock in one case
is about the same as the expense of hauling
wood and purchasing water in the other. Thus,
whether the mill be near the mine or a dozen
miles away, the expense of reducing the ore is
about equal.
Now, in 1865 the various shafts upon the
Comstock lode were down about five hundred
feet. The companies were j>ut to a great ex-
pense to pump thB water out of the mines, which
water increased in quantity as the shafts de-
scended ; and in consequence of a want of
communication between the shafts by driftg
under ground the miners suffered to some
extent from want of ventilation. At this junc-
ture Mr. Adolph Sutro proposed to construct
a tunnel which should be commenced near the
Carson river, two thousand feet below the
mines and about seven miles distant, which
tunnel should run in a direct course under the
mountain and cut the ledge at a depth of
eighteen hundred feet, from which point the
tunnel should be extended, or another tunnel
constructed, north and south along the front of
the ledge. The alleged advantages of the tun-
nel were that the mines would be drained by it,
and the great expense ofpumping and pumping-
machinery avoided; that the air would enter
the tunnel and find its way to the surface through
the various shafts as through chimneys, thus
ventilating the mines and saving the cost of
ventilating-tubes and machinery; that the mines
could be worked through this tunnel more
advantageously than from the surface, because
the ore could be tumbled into the tunnel, there
placed upon cars and transported at small
expense to the Carson river at the mouth of
the tunnel, where mills could be erected; and
that by mean s of this tunnel it would be demon-
strated at small expense to the companies
mining upon the Comstock lode whether the
silver-bearing quartz of that ledge extended
to a depth of eighteen hundred feet, as was
very generally supposed.
Sir, the magnitude of the project appealed
to the adventurous spirit of our people; its
practicability and advantages were plausibly
urged by its projector. A charter was obtained
from the Legislature of Nevada granting the
right of way and some other privileges to Mr.
Sutro and his associates, and by that persist-
ence and that way of stating his case, which are
his distinguishing characteristics, Mr. Sutro
succeeded in inducing the companies mining
upon the Comstock lode to enter into contracts
with him for the construction of the tunnel, on
the faith of which contracts he claimed to be
able to procure the capital requisite to con-
struct the tunnel. I have one of these original
contracts, which I send to the Clerk's desk,
and I ask that articles one and three, and the
part of article four marked with black lines, be
read.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Does the gentleman
propose to pass judicially on these contracts?
Mr. FITCH. No, sir. I will explain to
the gentleman if he will be patient exactly what
I want.
The Clerk read as follows:
"AbticlbI. The parties of the first part,in eonsid-
cration 01 the premises, and in consideration of the
covenants and agreements hereinafter mentioned,
to be kept and performed by the party of the second
pari, covenant and agree to and with the party of
the second part, that the parties of the first part
will, on or before the 1st day of August, 1&G7, com-
mence and witii reasonable energy and vigor, and at
their own expense, ran, excavate, and complete the
tunnel and lateral drifts hereinafter mentioned, and
put the same in condition for use, in accordance with
Ju oPP31?.1!? Hct the Legislature of
tne fetate 01 .Nevada, and with the covenants in this
agreement contained, for the purpose of draining the
mines on the said Comstock lode, and furnishing
i}07 conveiliyi*ce3 for working the same."
I* ?ke parties of the first part covenant and
agree that the work shall be commenced at the time
specified, by running the tunnel from the foot hills
01 Carson valley; and also by simultaneously sink-
ing at least three shafts of sufficient capacity on the
line of the tunnel, and when the shaits have reached
the depth required for the level of the tunnel, then
to drift ;in both directions from, tho bottom of eaoh
shaft* so tha? there shall boat least seven places of
