m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2H;
Ho. of Reps.
Polygamy in Utah—Mr. Hooper.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
or of theseventh commandment, ivhich was evidently
to maintain it, as Ezra was for that positive law of
Deuteronomy (vii:3) against the marrying with
heathens. Ezra made the Jews put away the wives
which they had illegally taken, and even the very
children which they had by them. How is it that
Paul, if a plurality of wives was sinful, did not mako
the Gentile and the Jewish converts put away every
wile but the first and annul overy other contract ?
"No man could have a fairer opportunity to bear
his testimony against a national sin than the Bap-
tist had: for it is said, (Matthew iii: 5,) 'Then went
out to him Jerusalem and all Judea, and all the
region round about Jordan,' and among the number
who were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their
sins (verse 6) there were many harlots. (Chapter
xxi: 32.) So that it is evident he did not spare to in-
veigh most sharply against tho sin of fleshly unclean-
lincss. Had a plurality of wives been of this kind he
doubtless would have preached against it: which, if
he had, some trace would most probably have been
left of it, as there is of his preaching against the sin
of whoredom, by tho harlots being said to have be-
lieved on him; which they certainly wouldnothave
done any more than the Scribes and Pharisees, (Mat-
thew xxi: 32,) if the preacher had not awakened them
to a deep and real sense of their guilt by setting
forth the heinousness of their sin, He exerted his
eloquence also against public oggriovances, such as
the extortion of tho public officers of the revenue,
the publicans, tax-gatherers; likewise against the
oppressive methods used by the soldiery, who made
it a custom cither to take people's goods by violence
or to defraud them of their property by extorting it
under tho terror of false accusation.
" Theso were public grievances, againstwhich the
Baptist bore such open testimony, that the soldiers
and publicans camo to him, saying, 'What shall wo
do This being tho case, is it conceivablo that a
man of tho baptist's character, who was so zoalous
for tho honor of the law as to lcprove even a king
to his face for adultery, should suffer, if a plurality
of wives be adultery, a wholo nation, as it were, of
public adulterers, to stand before him, and not bear
the last testimony against them? I do not say this
is a conclusive, but is surely a strong presumptive
argument, that in the Baptist's views of tho matter,
a plurality of wives, whoredom, and adultery wcie
by no moans the same thing.
"While this system of a plurality of wives was
reverenced and observed, wo read of no adultery,
whoiedom, and common prostitution of women
among the daughters of Israel; no brothels, street-
walking, venereal diseases; no child-murder, and
those other appendages of female ruin which are too
horrid to particularize. Nor were theso things pos-
sible which, sinco the revocation of the divino sys-
tem and the establishment of human systems are
Ih'cuiho inevitable. Thcsupposing our blessed Sav-
iour camo to destroy the divine law, or alter it with
i cspect to marriage, is to suppose Himlaying a found-
ation tor the misery and destruction of tho weaker
sex."
llcv. Messrs. Conybearc and llowson, cler-
gymen of the Church of England, joint au-
thors of the Life and Epistles of St. Paul,
published near the middle of the present cen-
tury, in their commentary upon the passage in
tlic Epistle to Timothy relative to the one wife
of a bishop, say:
"In the corrupt facility of divorce allowed both
by tho Greek and llomau law it was very common
lor man and wife to separate and marry other par-
tics during tho life of ono another. Thus a man
might have thrco or four living wives: or rather
women who had all successively been his wives."
"A similar code is [now] unhappily
to lie found in Mauritius; there" * * r
"it is not uncommon to meet in society three or four
women who have all been tho wives of thesameman."
" We beliove it is this kind of suc-
cessive polygamy, rather than simultaneous polyg-
amy, which is here spoken of as disqualifying for the
l'resbytorato. So Beza."
Rev. David A. Allen, D. 1)., a Congregation-
alist and a missionary of the American Board
of Commissioners for Foreign Missions, after a
professional residence of twenty-five years in
Hindostan, published a work in 1856, entitled
India, Ancient and Modern, in which lie says,
pages 651—43;
" Polygamy is practiced in India among tho Hin-
doos, the Mohammedans, the Zoroastrians, and the
J ews. It is allowed and recognized by the Institutes
of Menu, by the Koran, by tho Zendavesfa, and tho
Jews believe by their Scriptures, the Old Testament.
It is recognized by all the courts in India, native and
English, lhe laws of tho British Parliament recog-
nize polygamy among all these classes when the mar-
riage. connection has been formed according to tho
principles of their religion and to their established
torms and usages. The marriage of a Hindoo or a
Mohammedan with bis second or third wife is just
as valid and as legally binding on all parties as his
marriage with his first wife; just as valid as the mar-
riage of iiiii Christian in the Church of England.
-his man cannot divorce any
lid, and it would be gieat in-
of lib wives if lie wnuiu, ana it would be gieat in-
justice and li'ueUy to I hem and their children if he
should." * * * * His having become
a Christian and embraced a purer faith will not re-
leasehimfrom those obligations in view ofthe English
Government and courts or ofthe native population.
Should he put them away, or all but one, they will
still be legally his wives, and cannot be married to
another man. And further, they have done nothing
to deserve such unkindness, cruelty, and disgrace at
hishands." * * * * "Sofarfromview-
ingpolygamy asmorally wrong they not unfrequently
take a second or a third wife with muoh reluctance,
and from a painful sense of duty to perpetuate their
name, thoir family, and their inheritance."
In an appendix to this work Dr. Allen in-
forms the world that the subject of polygamy
had been brought before the Calcutta Mission-
ary Conference, a body composed of the mis-
sionaries ofthe various missionary societies of
Great Britain and America, and including Bap-
tists, Congregationalists, Episcopalians, Meth-
odists, Presbyterians, and others, in conse-
quence of the application of Christian converts
who having several wives each to whom they
had been legally married now desired admit-
tance into the Christian churches. After fre-
quent consultations and much consideration
the conference, says Dr. Allen, came unani-
mously to the following conclusion:
"If n, convert before becoming a Christian has
married more wives than ono, in accordance with
the practice of the Jewish and primitive Christian
churches, he shall be permitted to keep them all;
but such a person is not eligible to any office in the
church."
These facts, as Dr. Allen asserts them, have
a direct, and an important bearing upon this
bill and the accompanying report. They prove
that one of its main charges, that polygamy is
abhorrent to every Christian nation, is false;
for the British empire is a Christian nation,
and Hindostan is an integral part of that
empire, as much so as its American provinces
are or as Ireland is. Hindostan is a civilized
country, with schools and colleges and facto-
ries and railroads and tele'graphs and news-
papers. Yet tho great mass of the people,
comprising more than eighty millions, are
polygamists, and as such they are recognized
and protected by the laws of the British Par-
liament and the courts of the queen's bench;
and the English and American missionaries of
the Gospel who reside there, and have resided
there many years, and who know the practical
working of polygamy, have assembled together
in solemn conference, and unanimously pro-
nounced it to be right, and in accordance with
the practice of the primitive Christian churches;
and the French, the Spanish, the Dutch, the
Portuguese, and other Christian nations are
known to pursue a similar policy, and to allow
the different peoples under their Governments
the free and unmolested enjoyment of their
own religions and their own marriage system,
whether they are monogamous or polygamous.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that I have not wearied
your patience by this citation of learned author-
ities upon the antiquity and universality of the
polygamic doctrines. My object in this part
of my argument is not to prove that polygamy
is right or wrong, but simply to illustrate that
a doctrine the practice of which has repeatedly
been commanded by the Almighty ; which was
the rule of life with the Jews at the time they
were tho chosen people of God, and were in
all things governed by His dictation ; which
has among its supporters many of the most
eminent writers of the Christian church of
all ages, and which is now sanctioned by law
and usage in many of the Christianized prov-
inces of the British empire, is not wrong in
itself. It is a doctrine the practice of which,
from the precedents cited, is clearly not incon-
sistent with the highest purity of character
and the most exemplary Christain life. My
opponents may argue that it is unsaited to the
civilization of the age, or is the offspring of a
religious delusion; but if so its remedy is to
be sought througfc persuasion and not by the
exercise of force; it is the field for the mission-
ary and not for tho jurist or soldier. It is a
noble and a Christian work to purify and en-
lighten a benighted soul; to lift up those who
are fallen and ready to perish; but from ali
the pulpits of the land comes up the cry that
the fields are white for the harvest, while the
laborers are few. So soon, however, as the
Luthers, the Melancthons, the Whitfields of
to-d^y have wiped out the immorality, licen-
tiousness, and crime ofthe older communities,
and have made their average morality equal to
that of the city of Salt Lake, let them transfer
their field of labor to the wilds of Utah, and
may God forever prosper the right.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that men abler and
more learned in the law than I will discuss the
legal monstrosities of this bill, fraught wiih
evil, as it is, not only to the citizen of Utah,
but to the nation at large; but I must be par-
doned for calling special attention to the sev-
enth section, which gives to a single officer,
the United States marshal, with the clerk of
the court, the absolute right of selecting a jury;
and further, to the tenth section, which pro-
vides that persons entertaining an objectionable
religious theory, not those who have been
guilty of the practicc of polygamy, but who
have simply a belief in the abstract theory of
plural marriage, shall be disqualified as jurors.
To see what a fearful blow this is at the very
foundation of our liberties, what a disastrous
precedent for future tyranny, let us recall for
a moment the history of the trial by jury,
something with which all are as familiar as
with tho decalogue, but which, like the ten
commandments, may occasionally be recalled
with profit. Jury trial was first known as a
trial per pais—by the country ; and the theory
was that when a ciime had been committed
the whole community came together and sat
in judgment upon the offender. This process
becoming cumbersome as population increased,
"twelve men were drawn by lot from the coun-
try, thus securing, as was supposed, a repre-
sentation of the average public sentiment of
the whole country, and which was further
secured by requiring the finding of the jury to
be unanimous.
A fair trial by jury by our Anglo-Saxon
ancestors was regarded as so precious that
in Magna Charta it is more than once insisted
on as the principal bulwark of English liberty.
Blackstone says of it:
" It is the glory of the English law. It is tho most
transcendent privilege which any subject, can enjoy
or wish for, that he cannot be affected either in his
property, his liberty or his person bu't by the unani-
mous consont of twelve of bisneighbors and equals;
a provision which has, under Providence, secured
tho just liberties of this nation for a long succession
of ages."
Our own people have been no whit behind
the English in their high appreciation of the
trial by jury. In the original Federal Consti-
tution it was provided simply that the "trial
of all crimes, except in cases of impeachment,
shall be byjury." The framers ofthe Consti-
tution considered that the meaning of "trial
byjury" was sufficiently settled by long es-
tablished usage and legal precedent, and that
the provision just cited was sufficient. But such
was not the view of the people. One of the
most serious objections to tho adoptio'n of the
Constitution by the States was its lack of clear-
ness upon this most vital point, and Alexander
Hamilton, in one of the ablest and most care-
fully considered numbers of the Federalist,
endeavored to explain away this objection.
The Constitution was adopted, but the nation
was not satisfied; and one of the earliest amend-
ments to that instrument further provided that
"no person shall be held to answer for a cap-
ital or otherwise infamous crime unless on a
presentment or indictment of a grand jury,"
and that "in all criminal prosecutions the ac-
cused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and pub-
lic trial by an impartial jury of the State and
district wherein the crime shall have been com-
