3080
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
April 28,
l*w has borqe very heavily upoa u ; bat) an
willing to take it iu preference to what is pro*
pofed here.
This whole thing is in Each a muddle that
the gentlemen of the Committee of Ways and
Means themselves do not understand it, and
cannot understand it. The House does not
understand it. Oue half tho men hero do not
know anything about it5 it ia a hard matter to
understand. I know I did not understand it
1 know some of the members of the Committee
of Ways iu id Means did not understand it, be-
cause the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoopun] Mud I talked about the matter yester-
day, and he certainly did not understand it, nor
does lie understand it much better to-day.
[Here tho hammer fell.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I did
understand it perfectly, but the gentleman did
not understand it until I explained it to hiui
[L-.ughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I explained it to you, and
you went into your committee and got this
cha g« made after 1 had explained it to you.
That is the fact about tb.
Mr. SCHENCK. If one who does not un-
derstand anything about this matter at all
may be permitted to reply to One who knows
all about everything oa the iao* of the earth,
[laughter] 
Mr. LOGAN. If I did I would learn yon
something, certain t for I am sure yon do not
know anything how.
Mr. 8CHENCK. That may Ue true? bot
the difference between the gentleman and me
is that I have never pretended to know a great
deal. Thegentlemah is mistaken, or I am, in
regard to this article of twisted ties. They are
not mentioned aa such in the pfesent tariff
law. In some eases they have beeh held to
be iron wire, according to their sizes, in other
cases as malleable iron, artd in other eases as
non-enumerated articles; and the daty on them
has been charged at different rates. But.they
have been held usually to rank as wire. -Now,
what is the daty upon wite under the pfesent
tariff? I will read the classification Of the
existing law:
" Iron Wire, bright, 4ot>pered,or tian«£, drfcWh alM
flaisbtd, not more (ban one foarth iacb ia dianeter
nor less tlu'n No. 1G wire gauge, 2 cents per pound
and 13 per cent, ad vglorem.
" Iron Wire us above. Over 16 and hot orfcr Wire
ganM. Si cantaper poind and 16 percent: «d aa/oreta.
"Iron wire over 25 wire gouge 4 cents per pound
and 15 per cent, advalorim,"
Now we have struck out the ad valorem part
of the daty and retained the specific. Instead
of being an increase upon iron wire, this is a
reduction. Then the question arises, what shall
be done with twisted ties? If they were to
come in as iron wire, they would under the
present law pay a duty, according to size, from
2 cents per pound ana 15 per cent, ad valorem,
to 4 cents per pound and 15 per cent, ad va-
lorem. We do not think this a proper rate of
duty; hence we have defined them by Dame
and have put them with the cheapest class of
iron wire. Tbey are classified in this bill with
iron wire paying the lowest rate of duty, that
duty being regulated by the size; but as they
are made of a larger wire they would fad within
the first class, and, under the bill as amended,
would pay a duty of 2 cents per pound. If
tbey came in as wire the lowest rate at which
they could be . imported would be 2 cents
per pound and lo per cent, ad valorem, and
the highest rate 4 cents per pound and 15 per
cent, ad valorem. I admit there has beeu
difficulty at the custom-house, and they have
been admitted at different rates,because they
were not specifically mentioned in the existing
tariff. In reply to tpegentleman from Illinois,
[.Mr. Logajt,] all I desire to be understood as
claiming is that when we are trying as best
we can to inform ourselves,.and then, so far
as possible, to inform the House iu regard to
these matters, it is not pleasant, whether we
are right or wrong, to be continually taunted
with the statement ti nt the gentlemati knows
.all about everything and that we do not know
anything and cannot Answer questions when
we are asked.
Mr. LOGAN. I think it fair to myself to
say that I have never insinuated that I knew
everything, or that the gentleman did not know
anything. The gentleman takes occasion all
the time to "pitch into " me, because I have
occasionally offered amendments to the bill.
I said iu reference to this particular paragraph
that as it stood yesterday the Committee of
Ways and Means did not Understand the effect
of it, and I say so again, because they have told
me so themselves.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not tell the gentle-
man so.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoofer] and the gentleman from
Iowa [ilr. Aluson] did,
Mr. HOAR. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I also withdraw my
amendment.
Mr, GAliFIELt), of Ohio. I move to amend
by inserting at the beginning of the paragraph
the following:
On round iron not less than three quarters of an
inoh nor more than two inches in diameter, and*on
squares not less than three fourths of an inch nor
more than two inches square. 820 per ton: on round
iron less than three quarters of ah itich or More
then two inohek in diameter, and squares less than
three quarters of an inch nr more than two inchos
square, 822 40 per ton; and, &o.
I have no doubt the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will admit that it
was id consequence of an oversight that this
was not ibserted in ft former paragraph. If
gentlemen of the committee will turn back tt>
pages 14 and 15, they will see that there are
two elasses of bar iron, on one of which the
Committee of Ways and Means reported a
duty of 1 cent a pound, and on the other 1£
cents. The Committee of the Whole have
reduced ono to $20 per toft and the other to
$22 40 per ton. The existing law embraces
these same two classifications of bar iron, bat
in each there are three specifications: first,
flat iron; second, round iron; third square
! iron. Io the bill before us, only one of these
; classes is reported, namely, the flat,
i Therefore^ having put down tho duty en the
two classes reported here, they leave rounds
and squares where they are ia the law and put
down Hats one fourth of a Cant on one class
aad nearly one fourth on the other. The
amendment I propose is to put rounds and
squares into the same classification with flats,
and put them at the same rate, so that they
will be iu a parallel situation, as tbey are in
the law now. If we do not make this amend-
ment we will reduce the duty on flat iron and
leave round and square iron .where they are.
I take it no one will think it proper to take
one description of this iron and reduce the
duty without at the same time reducing the
duty on the others. I do not know, but I hope
this was an oversight on the part of the com-
mittee, and I trust there will be no objection
to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman has his
own reason for moving this amendment which
he has given at the close of his remarks. The
Committee of the Whole having differed from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reduced
the duty on flats. He wishes to reduce the
duty on round and square iron to make it cor-
respond. That is all proper etiough, but when
he claims that it is an oversight he ia mis-
taken.
Mr. GARFlfitD, of Ohioi I said I hoped
it was, an oversight.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not see any reason
for his hoping it was an oversight, We do not
find any reason for changing the duty on round
and squaro iron, but leave them in the law as
they are. We leave them to their proper class,
ification and to the present rate of duty, All
I desire is this matter shall be brought dis-
tinctly before the Cohamittee of the Whole, so
they may know what is proposed. The Com-
fnittee of Ways hnd Means think there is nb
reason for interfering with tho present, class-
ification and arrangement of round and square
iron. The Committee of the Whole having
dealt with flat Iron by reduction beyond tho
!| rate wo proposed and with tho elassilieat,ioa
! presented by the Committee of Ways and
Means, then there may be some reason for the
gentleman's proposition.
In accordance with my promise, as it is now
five o'clock, I move the committee rise.
The committee accordingly rose: and the
Speaker having taken the chair, Mr. Wheeler
reported that tlte Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, according to the order
of the House, had had under consideration the
state of the Union generally, and particularly
the bill (II. 11. No. 1008) to amend existing
laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
LEAVE 01' ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Dockep.y for two weeks from
and after to-morrow, and to Mr. Haight for
to-morrow.
kalutoad in arkansas.
Mr. ROOTS. I ask unanimous consent to
• take from the Speaker's table a bill from the
Senate which was unanimously passed by the
proper committee of the Senate, was cousid-
'I ereu, and after discussion was unanimously
il passed by the Senate, has beeu considered by
i the Committeeon Public Lands, and after due
and full consideration, eight of the nine mem*
bers of the committee being present, it 1ms
been unanimously agreed to by the committee,
who all urge its passage as an act of justice.
It is simply a resolution explaining or extend-
ing for a very short period the time limitation'!
of a usual land grant to aid in the construction
of a railroad iu Arkansas. The entire dele-
gation from the State ask thi3; and although
its legal force will bejost as binding a week or
a month hence, yet it ia Very desirable that it
be done this day.
Objections were mode.
And then, on motion, of Mr. COX, (at five
o'clock and ten minutes p. tn.,) the Houso
adjourned.
I'KftTIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees;
By Mr. AMBLEBt A memorial from the
First National Bank of Mount Pleasant, Ohio,
ii protesting against the provisions of the eighth
4 section ot the funding bill as it passed the Sen-
ate, as likely, if it becomes a law, to Compel a
large number of the national bni)ks to close,
and thus destroy the efficiency of the national
banking system, to the injury of tile business
interests of the country.
By Mr. CULLOM : A petition of citizens of
McLean county, Illinois, asking Congress to
repeal the national banking law and provide
that greenbacks shall take the place of the
national bank currency.
By Mr. LOGAN: A petition of members of
the Grand Army of the ttepublic for cannon for
a soldiers' monument in Delaware.
By Mr. MOilGAN^ The petition of Mrs.
Nancy Moore, widow of W. H. Moore, sergeant
in Wayne's army.
By Mr. POlilER: The petition of Benson
M. Wright, of Caroline county, Virginia, for
the removal of his disabilities under the four-
teenth article of the constitutional amend-
ment.
By Mr. STRICKLAND: Th9 memorial of
Hon. J. K. Lockwood, of Alpena, Michigan,
and 190 others, opposing any repeal of the
duties on lumber.
By Mr. SWANN : Thememoria of William
Wilkins and Herman W. Grace, partners in
the lirm of W. Wilkins & Co., in the citjr ol
