4024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
In my district the number of income tax-
payers is now thirteen hundred and sixty-eight,
most of them men of small means, aifd by the
proposed raising of the exemption it will be
reduced to three hundred, and yet who will pay
four fifths of the tax and make no complaint
about it. As this tax is annoying and irritating,
it is unwise to tax so many individuals where so
lit'i? is to be reaped from it, considered either
Si sespects single districts or the whole nation.
If we go still further and reduce the rate, as I
trust we will, to three per cent., then, if the
national revenues should be as much this year
as last year, we would have remaining an in-
come from this source of §12,717,620, or nearly
half the whole income tax collected last year.
This redaction of rate would relieve the com-
plaining classes nearly one half, and as many
of them would pay no taxes otherwise they
ought to be content.
From the remarks of the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] yesterday, it appears
that the Administration anticipates a surplus
of $102,000,000 this year, which can be applied
to the reduction of the debt. My impression
is that the balance will be larger in our favor.
We have already paid $42,000,000 since Janu-
ary 1, and if we pay as much this June as we did
last, ($10,000,000,) it will make $58,000,000,
or at tho rate of $116,000,000 per annum. To
this should be added the premium paid, say
twelve and a half per cent, on an average, and
•which does not appear in the monthly state-
ments, and we will have drawn from the people
about one hundred and thirty million dollars per
annum toward the payment of the debt. This
is too heavy a drain upon the x-esources of the
people. Fifty million dollars per annum is
abundantly sufficient, and with that amount,
and the released interest from canceled bonds,
we can pay off the whole of our indebtedness
in the present century. Why should we pay
faster? Why should we exhaust the people to
pay rapidly a debt which can be just as well
spread over a greater length of time, leaving
free a large amount of capital to be invested
in the great enterprises and internal improve-
ments of the day, whereby the wealth of the
nation will be rapidly enhanced, and its ultimate
ability to discharge our indebtedness speedily
increased? The policy of the present rapid
payment is burdensome, unwise, and should
be discontinued.
Mr. JUDD. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Amend section thirty-five by striking out in the
third lino the word " profits," and by striking out
all of tho section after tho word '' provided " in tho
seventh lino.
Amend scction thirty-six by striking out after tho
word . coupons," in tho ninth lino, down to and in-
cluding the words " United States" in the twelfth
lino.
_   . ., —1 by striking
out after the word estimated," in lino twonty-ono,
down to and including tho word "whatever " in tho
twenty-seventh lino.
The object and purpose of this amendment
is to confine the income tax to realized or in-
vested capital, and to exempt wages, salaries,
and current industries from that tax. In no
proper sense of the word "property," as used
in connection with the assessment of taxes, can
the subject-matters that I propose to strike out
be included. Wages and salaries cannot be
called property, andthetax levied upon the
income of the trader is charged over to his cus-
tomer in the way of additional profit, so that as
a finality this tax is paid by the consumer. Such
a tax has been borne while the necessities of
the country, and I may say its existence de-
manded it. But now that the time has arrived,
as admitted on all hands, that, more of the
burdens of the people may be removed, these
levies upon the industries of the country should
be removed. But as I have tho floor to offer
this amendment by the courtesy of tho gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Hill,] I am not
permitted to discuss the proposition, butmerely
to state to the House the effect of the amend-
ment which I have offered. I have endeavored,
by striking out the portions of the section indi-
cated, to leave subject to taxation the invested
or realized capital of the country. That is
property, and should bear its proportion of the
burdens of the debt created to save it and make
it valuable.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like the gentleman
to state what he means by invested capital.
Mr. JUDD. I will read, as an answer to the
gentleman's question, a part of section thirty-
six, as it now stands in this bill:
That in estimating the gains, profits, and income
of any person, there shall be included all income
derived from any kind of property, rents, interest
received or accrued upon all notes, bonds, and mort-
gages, or other forms of indebtedness bearing interest,
whetberpaid ornot, if good and collectable, interest
upon notes, bonds, or other securities of the United
States, and the amount of all premium on gold and
coupons.
The committee has prepared this definition
in the section now under consideration.
I then move to strike outimmediately follow-
ing the part above quoted these words-
The gains, profits, andincomo of any business, pro-
fession, trade, employment, office, or vocation; in-
cluding any amount received as salary or pay for
services in the civil, military, naval, or other service
of the United Statc3.
I then propose that the next portion of the
section shall remain, amending it only by strik-
ing outthe word "partnerships" and inserting
the word "incorporated" before the word
"companies;" so that it will read as follows :
The share of any person of the gains and profits,
whether divided or not, of all incorporated com-
panies, but not including the amount received from
any corporations whose officers, as authorized by
law, withhold and pay as taxes a per cent, of tho div-
idends ma de, and of interest or coupons paid by such
corporations; profits realised within the year from
sales of real estate purchased within two years pre-
vious to the year for which income is estimated.
Then I propose to strike out the following;
The amount of sales of live stock, sugar, wool,
buttor, cheese, pork, beef, mutton, or other meats,
hay and grain, fruits, vegetables, or ofhor produc-
tions, boing tho growth or produce of tho estato of
such person, but not including any part thereof con-
sumed directly by tho family; and all other gains,
profits, and incomodrawnfromanysourcewhatever.
There are some other verbal amendments
necessary to perfect several other sections and
make them conform to the proposition now
under consideration. The full effect of the
amendment is given to the House by the por-
tions of the section which I have read.
I leave the section in full force as to the
property of the country that should be taxed
on account of income derived from it. To
levy a tax upon the hands and brains of the man
of industry, the worker in this world's affairs,
the producer of prosperity, and call it property,
can never be justified except in the case of
absolute national necessity. The State, county,
and municipal governments give nearly all the
protection to persons and to property. For
this purpose, and to this end, all these indus-
tries are taxed, and taxed high enough, with-
out the General Government imposing addi-
tional burdens. The cultivator of the soil,
whose products I propose to exempt from the
operation of this tax, contributes to the bur-
dens of the State for the support of his local
government, and in my own State no farm
escapesfrom taxation. I desire tliatthis section
shall be put in such a form that this tax shall
fall upon capital and not embarrass the cur-
rent business of the country. Income! what
is it? Something fixed, determined, certain,
and reliable, and is ordinarily used as contra-
distinguished from earnings, wages, and profits
of business, always uncertain and fluctuating.
The profits of the current month or year may
be needed to tide over the reverses of the next,
and it is not just, if such reverses occur, to
find that the tax-gatherer has taken away the
means for the support of the family, it maybe.
The man with invested capital pays from his
surplus. It may be a burden, but I doubt
whether he would change places with the mer-
chant who risks all in the conduct of his busi-
ness, even if that change should result in
relieving him from taxation. And I have no
doubt that the men of wages and salaries
would willingly change places with the owner
of realized wealth and take the chances upon
this income tax proposed to be levied.
Iseemyfriend from New Jersey [Mr. Hill]
is standing looking a little impatient at my con-
sumption of his time, and I will close by thank-
ing him for his courtesy..
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, when the income
tax was first imposed it was in time of war, at
a time and under circumstances that called for
immediate help to meet the expenses of the
Government, and the citizens of our country
responded cheerfully to the call made upon
them by this tax ; but the great necessity for
the continuation of the tax has passed away,
and the continued drain on the people by tax-
ation, as far as the income tax is concerned, is
not now called for. The people have been
willing to pay liberally for the support of the
Government and the reduction of the debt.
They now ask to be relieved of these heavy
taxes, especially the income tax, and ask that
the next generation help to bear some of the
burdens of taxation. The country is growing
rapidly, its resources are fast being developed,
and in twenty-five or thirty years, with an
increased population and general prosperity,
which wc have every reason to anticipate, the
burdens will bear lightly, and our debt, can be
much more easily paid than at the present
time. A large portion of the people are un-
willing to endure this unequal and burden-
some tax. We see no reason why the income
tax should be continued. At any rate, if it
must longer exist, let it be reduced to three
per cent., and the exemption increased to
twenty-five hundred or three thousand dollars.
This would be much more equitable and less
burdensome than the law now in force. As
it now stands, it bears directly and indirectly
very hard on the workingman and the me-
chanic, skilled or unskilled, engineers, clerks,
book-keepers, doctors, teachers, professors,
lawyers, and clergymen, and a vast number
of men of moderate means whose income de-
pends on bodily and mental labor. It is unfair
that they should be taxed like those whose
income is derived from invested wealth. With
the former class death and sickness cuts off the
income, leaving the family dependent, while
with the latter it continues after death for the
benefit of the family.
_ A reduction to three per cent, and an exemp-
tion of $8,000, or perhaps $2,500, would re-
lieve the former; to them especially the tax
as now imposed in the present law is very
odious. _ This class of citizens has much to do
in shaping public opinion, and their views and
feelings ought to be considered. I am satisfied
if they could be heard nearly all would favor
the entire abrogation of the income tax. The
cry comes up from all quarters, "Fund the
debt; reduce,taxation; give rest for awhile
from the great strain made upon the people
through taxation." During the year past it is
estimated every man, woman, and child has
been taxed at the rate of five dollars a head
for the reduction of the debt alone. Wo saw
it stated not long since that the special fund
created by the purchase of bonds now amounts
to $80,586,200, and the sinking fund to
$33,852,900, showing a total of $114,429,100,
or that the public debt has absolutely been
reduced that amount by the present Adminis-
tration. This is, indeed, to the credit of the
Administration ; but can we, Mr. Speaker, be
justified in permitting in a single year such a
large absorption of the industry of the country?
I can see no reason for such hot haste in paying
off the debt. We can safely reduce our taxes
!p50,000,000. The revenue returns for the last
year show that by honest collections thesources
from which our taxes come are reliable, and
with the great growth of our country must in-
