1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GILQBEt
3081
Baltimore, pitting fiw increase of tenoenta
per pound oft the duty on French prepared
bristles and bristlesof a similar kind in assorted
sizes ready for use.
■ - "■■■ -
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 29, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read ntid
approved.
PORTRAIT OP MAJOR CUSNltRAtj THOSIAS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a concurrent resolution from the House
of Representatives. This is a concurrent res-
olution emanating from the joint Committee
on the Library, reported to the House and sent
to the Senate for concurrence; It will be read.
The Secretary read the concurrent resolu-
tion, as follows:
Retolvtd by the Hont* of lieprttentativet, (the Sen-
ate concurring therein,) That the joint Committee
on the Library be Authorised and directed to pro-
cure a portrait of the late Major General George H.
Thomas, to bo placed in a conspicuous position in
the Capitol, as a memorial of his great services to his
country and his distinguished worth as a soldier and
citiien; and that the oost of such portrait, not ex-
ceeding 82,000, be paid in equal proportions out of
the contingent funds of the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. Has that resolution been
reported ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was reported
from the joint Committee on the Library to
the House of Representatives, concurred in
by that body, and sent, to this body for concur-
rence.
Mr. StJMNER. Should it not go to our
committee now? Is it not in order to mov$
ifo rutiiTOnPA?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is la order to
move to refer or to doncur.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think it had better go to
the committee.
Mr. HOWE. I do not see any advantage in
sending the resolution back to the committee.
The joint Committee on the Library has once
acted upon it. I must say I rather regret the
action of the committee, not that I am less am-
bitious of doing honor to the memory of Gen-
eral Thomas than any other man, for among
the public men who have been bfctught into
notice during the late war I do not know of a
single one for whom 1 have a higher regard
than for General Thomas. But it occurred tb
me ihat we were hardly in a situation to com-
mence now the purchase of these portraits. I
hardly know where we can take care of tli^m.
But it was the opinion of the committee that
this purchase should be made. Thfey have
reported the resolution. The report was made
to the other House, to be sure, but of course
if the resolution were to be sent back to them
they would make the same report here, and so
1 think the Senator from Massachusetts had
better not press that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts insist on his motion ?
Mr. SUMNER. No, I will not, if the chair-
man of the committee is against it.
Mr. ANTHONY, Is not this a Concurrent
resoldtion 'I
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is,
Mr. ANTHONY. Must not the fofm of it
be changed, as it appropriates money ?
ill*' < ICE PRESIDEN 1'. It appropriates
money out of the contingent fund of both
Houses, aud therefore cornea within the rule
of a concurrent resolution. The money is to
be paid out of the contingent fund of each
House> The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts to refer the reso-
lution to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw that motion. I
will not press it against the wishes of the chair-
man of the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think this resolution
ought to be passed.
Mr. PQMKROY. I think it had better be
placed on theCalendar, where it«ian be CeMjhed
in its order.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe I have the floor.
There was no commander in the late Army
whom I appreciated higher than the late General i
Thomas. It was my fortune to know him be-
fore the war. I think he was one of the first
military men, one of the most spot less patriots,
and one of the noblest her6es that came up
during the whole cooflict. But I object to this
resolution because of thfe precedent. It will be
introducing a line of precedents that will have
no end. I think it ought not to pass, because
it will give rise to the introduction in the course
of time of hundreds of other applications of the
same kind. With' the purest reverence and
respect for the virtues, for the noble military
capacity and qualities, and for the preeminent
services of General George H. Thomas, I de-
sire that this resolution shall not pass; and I
know if he were here himself he would concur
in this sentiment.
The VICE PRESIDENT?. By.the twenty-
sixth rule resolutions Which grata money out
of the contingent fund milst be treated in the
same manner with bills. This concurrent resor-
ption will therefore be regarded as having
been read the first and second time, and it is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ho^e it will be referred
to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose the Senator from
Ohio did not understand what I said. I stated
that the committee had &lr6ady acted upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let it lie on tli6
table for the present.
Mr. HOWARD. I mdve that it lie on the
table.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion. I think every time a
man like General Thomas dies we can afford
to buy a portrait of him.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw my moti<Mi for
the present as I wish to say a word. , There
is no officer of the Army to whose memory I
would render this honor any sooner than to
General Thomas. His military career was most
brilliant and of inestimable value to the coun-
try. and he .is deserving of all the lionor the
United States can confer upon him. Tlie peo-
ple of the United States wiUnotbe slow to
render honor to so great a man. They .will n'ot
be slow to recognize his great and important
services to the country. No picture of him that
Congress can purchase and pay for will con-
tribute to the perpetuation of his. great fame.
Thomas will be known in his, achievements
and recorded upon the page of history—the
most important page the world has ever seen.
But while 1 say this in behalf of Thomas, I
cannot forget, nor will other Senators forget,
that there are other distinguished generals in
the land who Iiave rendered important and
inestimable service to the great cause which
 e have recently achieved; and I would not
by singling out one, by singling out even
Thomas, furhieh the slightest occasion tb create
rivalries and envies between the great-ttea to
whom the country owes so mnch; attd I tori-
cur entirely irith the Senator from Kentucky
in his opinion that if thfct distinguished gen-
eral were still alive and could speak tb us he
would be the first to remonstrate against the
step which is now proposed. I hops the res-
olution will be laid on the table*
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Evidently this
resolution is to challenge Borne dissent™ I
concur ih the suggestion of the Senator froth
Ohio that it had better go tb the Committee on
the Librbry. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine moves that the feSoliition be re-
ferred to the joint Committee on the Library.
Mr. HOWARD. Vefy well.
The motion Was agroed to.
courts in wisconsin.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Sfltmtfl.ihe Amendment of this House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 084) to change
the time for holding the circuit arid district
courts of. the United States for the district of
Wisconsin. .
The amendment was read.
Mr. HOWE* I do tlot see the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary in his seat,
and I hope that matter will lie on the table for
the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill and
amendtnentwill'lie on the table for the present.
ventilation of tub iialls.
The joint resolution (H. II. No. 271) making
*n appropriation for the purpose of making
experiments in the ventilation of the Halls of
the Capitol, waB read twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we had better
pass that now. The chairman of the select
Committee on Ventilation is not in his seat,
but I ask-that the resolution be acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lntibn emanated from the joint select Commit-
tee on- Ventilation. It was reported to the
House .of Representatives by that committee
and wis passed by that body and Bent to the
Senbte for concurrence.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall concur.
Mr. SHERMAN* It appropriates money,
and I think it ought to go to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. ANTHONY. It Is money for-expert*
ments in ventilating tlie Capitol, to carry out
the orders of the two Houses in appointing the
Seleot Committee on Vefltilatioh.
' Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection.
■ The joint resolution was referred to the Gom*
mittee on Appropriations.
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
The bill (H. R, No. 1328) to establish the
department of justice was read twice by its
title.
Mr, PATTERSON. That bill originated
with the joint select Comtnittee on Retrench-
ment, and was long and thoroughly considered
by that committee in the vary fort® in which
•it comes from the House of Representatives!.
X therefore m«ve that it be put upon tlie Cal-
endar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill will be
placed Qpon the Calendar as favorably reported
by.tjie. joint Committee on lietrenchuent, if
there be qo objection. The Chair hears no
objection, aad it is'so ordered.'
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHlSRXlAN presented resolutions of
(lie Legislature of Ohio, requesting the Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress from
that State to use their influence to secure the
Immediate intervention of this Government ifi
behalf of American citizens now.confined in
British dungeons; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Onio, requesting the aid of Congress
relative to the center water-line of the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal; which were referred to
.the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
,, Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Allen
Wood and .others, praying the enacteietnt of a
law to abolish the manufacture and sale of nil
spirituous and malt liquors mid stomach bit-
Urs, except for medicinal and mechanical pur-
poses ; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of CoUmbkL
Mr* ROBERTSON presented the petitions
-of Hugh Aikins. Minyard M. Sanders, Cicero
C. Thompson, and John Siiupkins, Jackson
county, Georgia; of W. Loflin, Troup county,
Georgia, audolC. F. Beit, Burkecounty, Geor-
gia, praying the removal ot their political dis-
abiliues; which were referred to the Beieet
