4970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29"
that is not a usual motion with reference to
the report of a committee of conference. The
ordinary form of action on such a report is to
agree or disagree.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let us take the vote in
the regular way.
Mr. COX. i understand that if the House
agrees to the report, that passes the bill.
The SPEAKER. It does; and if the House
disagrees to the report, that kills the bill in that
form. But if the House should non-concur in
the report, as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Jiidd] indicated his purpose to move the ap-
pointment of a new conference committee, the
Chair will recognize hi in for that purpose.
The question was on agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference, which is as
follows:
The committcc of conferencc on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho amendment of the
House to tho bill tS. No. 878) to provide a national
currency of coin notes, and to equalize the distribu-
tion of (ureuiating notes, having met, after full and
free conference, have agreed to recommend, and do
reeoumicud, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate rcccde from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to tho Senate bill, and
agree to the same, with the following amendments •
Page 1, hue one, strike out "ninety-five" and
insert in lieu thereof "forty-five." Page 1, line
cish teen, after tho word ,l coin" inserHhe following:
** but a new apportionment of the increased circula-
tion Uoiein provided for shall be made as soou as
practicable, miserl upon the census of 1870." After
section — add tho following sections :
Kkc,—. And he xt jurther enacted, That upon the
deposit of any United States bonds, bearing interest
payable in sold, with the Treasurer of tho United
(States in the manner prescribed m the nineteenth
and twentieth sections of tho national cunency act,
>t !>h nil be lawful for ihe Comptroller of the Currency
to issue to the association making the same circu-
lating notes of dliferent denominations not less than
live dollar, not exceeding in amount eighty percent,
of the par value of the bonds deposited, winch notes
shall bear upon their face the promise of the ar-so-
cialion to winch they «uo issued to pay them upon
pios-onijtion at the ofiiee of the association hi gold
com oi the United States, and shall be redeemable
upon such presentation in such coin: Provided,'?hat
no banking association organized under this section
fell sill have a circulation in excess of $1,000,000.
sec. —. And be it further enacted, That every
national banking association formed under the pj o-
visi< ns of the preceding section of this act shall at
all times keep on hand not Jess than twenty-five
per cent, of ils outstanding circulation in gold or
silver coin of tho United States, and shall receive at
par in the payment of debts the gold notes of every
other such banking association which at the time of
such payments shall be jedeeining i's circulating
notes m gold eoin of the United State*.
Sec.—. And be if further enacted. That every asso-
ciation organized lor the purpose oi issuing gold
notes, as provided in this section, shall be subject to
all the requirements and provisions of tiie national
currency act, cxcept the first clause oi section twen-
ty-two, which limit-) llio circulation of national bank-
ing associations to f o!)(),000,000 ; tho first clause of
section thirty-two, which, taken in connection with
the preceding section, would require national bank-
ing associations organized in tnc city of San Vran-
cisco to redeem their ciiculatnuj notes at par in the
city of New York; and the last clause of section
thirty-two, which requires every national banking
ju-sfaochitioii to receive m payment of debts the notes
of every other national banking association at par:
Provided, That in applying the provisions and re-
quirements of said act to the banking associations
herein provided for tho terms "lawful money," and
4 lawful money of the United States," shall be held
and construed to mean gold or silver coin of the Uni-
ted States.
^ That section three be jmended as follows : page -1,
lino throe, after the word "withdrawing," insert
"one third of.''
Same page, line five, striko out (he word "three"
and mscrtinhen thercoftho word "two."
That the House agree to the said amendments.
JAMES A.CSAIIFIELD.
TiiOS. L .JO\f«,
Ij. A. SHELDON,
Manager* on the part of the Tfjuac.
.101 in sherman,
wil^ak/d warner,
w. spiiague,
Managers on the part of ihe Senate.
Mr. JUDDandMr.INGEIlSOLLdemanded
the yeas and nays on agreeing to the report.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative-—yeas 58, nays 127, not voting
49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Asper, Ayer, Bailey, Ben-
ton, JJjair, Boles. Bo wen, Buckley, llodcriek il. I>ut-
ler, (Jiiurelail, lackey, Eia, i'orrisi, Emkelnburg,
l< itca, (*arfie!d, Hale, Harris, Hefliri, Hill, Thomas L.
Jones, xvelsey, knapp, Laflin, Lash, Mercur, Ehakim
11. Mooie, Palmer, Perce, PoLmd, Pomcrov, Roots,
feargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scoheid, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Porter Sheldon, Shober, John A.Smith, Worth-
ington c. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Stokes,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Upson, Wallace, Ward,
Willard, and Winans—53.
NAYS—-Messrvs. Adams, Allison, Ambler. Arm-
strong, Atwood, Banks, Barnum, Boatty, Beck, Ben-
inmin, Bennett, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, George M.
Brooks,.James BrooKS, Butfinton, Burchard, Burr,
Benjamin 1?\ Butler, Calkin, Cessna, William T.
Clark, Sidney Ciaike, Cleveland, A masa Cobb, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cox, Crebs,
Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Degencr, Dickinson, Dixon,
Dockcry, Box, Dyer, Eldridgc, Farnsworth, Kerry,
Fisher, Getz, Griswold, llambleton, Ilamill, Haw-
kins. Ilawlcy, Ilay, Hoar, Holman, Hooper, Ingcr-
f<oll, Johnson, J udd, lvelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Keteham,
Knott, Lawrence, LowK Loughridge, Marshall,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, McGrew, McICec,
McNeely. Milncs, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore,
Morgan, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell .Mungen, Myers,
Negley, Ntblack. O'Neill. Orth, Packer, Paine, Peck,
Phelps, Porter, Prosser, Reeves, Rice, Rogers. San-
ford, Schumaker, Shanks, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevenson. Stiles, fcStono, Stoughton,
Strader, Strickland, Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe,
Townsend.Twichell, Tyner, Van Aukcu, Van Horn,
Van Wyck. Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Whitmore,
"Wilkinson. Williams. Kugcne M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—127.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Aicher, Arnell, Axtell,
Barry, Beaman, Booker, Boyd, Buck, Burdctt, Cake,
Conner, Covodc, Cowles, Donley, Duval, Fox, Gib-
son, Gilfilian, Ilaight, llaldeman, Hamilton, Hays,
Hoge, llotchkiss, Jenckcs, Alexander • H. Jones,
Julian. Logan, Lvnch. Mayham, McCrary.McKenzie,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Newsham, Packard,
Peters, Piatt, Potter, Randall, Ridgway, Sheirod,
William J. Smith, Trimble, Van Trump, Voorhees,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
and Witcher—i9.
So the report of the committee of conference
was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BOOKER said : I am paired on this
question with my colleague, Mr. McKenzie.
If he were here he would vote " no," and I
would vote " ay.'7
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. J UDD. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J UDD. I now move that the House
further insist upon its amendments to the bill
of the Senate, and ask for another committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
Mi. COX. On that I demand the yeas and
nays.
Several Members. Let there be a division
first..
The question was put; and on a division
there were—ayes one hundred and twenty-
three, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. JUDD moved to reconsider the vote
just, taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. SAllGENT. I call for the regular
order, which, I believe, is the Indian appro-
priation bill.
^ Mr. SGHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to offer a resolution to which I am
sure there will be no objection.
Mr. SARGENT. I will yield for a time to
gentlemen who have matters they desire to
bring before the House, if they give rise to no
debate.
pay of late hon. david heaton.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit, for consideration at this time, the
following:
Resolved, That tho Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be authorized and directed to pa.y. out of
the contingent fund of the House, to Mrs. Heaton,
widow of David Heaton, deceased, late a Represent-
ative in Congress from the second district of North
Carolina, a sum equal to his salary Irom the date of
his decease until the end of the present session.
No objection was made ; and the resolution
was unanimously adopted.
ENUOLLEI) BILLS SIGNKD.
ill'. NEGLEY, from ihe Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of tho following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (JUL. 11. No. 1895) for the relief of
Charles Cooper, Goshorn A. Sones, Jerome
Howley, William Hannegan. and John Hanne-
gan ;
An act (H. R. No. 2111) to amend an act
entitled "An act amendatory of the organic
law of Colorado Territory, and for other pur-
poses," approved May 4. 1870;
An act (H. R. No. 2848) granting the right
of way to the Carthage, Watertown, and Sack-
ett's Harbor Railroad Company; and
An act (S. No. 722) to establish the western
judicial district of Wisconsin.
business of committee op elections.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to assign one or two days of next
week for the consideration of the business of
the Committee of Elections. There are a large
number of election cases yet to be acted upon
by the House. The special committees of
elections have been busily at work during the
entire session, and a large number of eases
are now ready to be reported upon, and they
must be disposed of at this session. We shall
ask only a short time for the consideration of
eaeh case; and if one or two days of next
week can be assigned for the purpose we can
dispose of them, or the most of them. I there-
fore asli unanimous consent of the House that
Tuesday and Wednesday of next week, after
the hour of half past twelve o'clock, may be
given to the Committee of Elections for the
purpose I have indicated.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to couple with that
unanimous consent for the Committee on the
J udiciary to have Thursday of next week after
the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. Each committee must sub-
mit a request for itself. Is there objection to
the request made on behalf of the Committee
of Elections?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I will not
object if it is made to apply after the morning
hour.
Mr. PAINE. I put it at half past twelve
o'clock, thinking that would leave a morning
hour. If I should say " after the morning hour
business," and the previous question should be
called just before the closeofthe morninghour,
we might be deprived of an hour of our time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must object unless the
Committee on the Judiciary is allowed a day
to make reports of a public nature.
Mr. BANKS. And I ask the same privilege
for the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. PAINE. We have not pressed our busi-
ness upon the attention of the House to any
great extent during this entire session. We
have some twenty-five contested-election cases
which the House must decide. The special
committees have examined them and have re-
ported or are ready to report upon them and
the House must decide them.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. Cannot -the Com-
mittee of Elections report at any time?
Mr. PAINE. My proposition was made
simply for the purpose of saving the time of
the House. We liave the right, under the rules,
to report election cases at any time as questions
of privilege. But members are aware that that
might involve the necessity of consuminga large
part of a day on a single case. Now, what we
propose to do is to dispose of ten, or fifteen, or
perhaps of twenty of these cases in two days,
and if my proposition shall receive the consent
of the House, I hope we shall be able to do
so. If the House shall refuse to grant this
request., nothing will be left to us but to avail
ourselves of our parliamentary righi to repoit
at any time; and we shall do so.
llic SPEAKER. The gentleman would
have no right to occupy the attention of the
House with even a contested-election case
unless the House allowed him to proceed.
Tho question of consideration could be raised.
Mi. PAINE. I understand that.
