1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
aid of the military force. That is the argument,
as I understand it. Bat as the war is now
ended, as profound peace reigns, this force,
which so successfully defended the Capitol in
time of war, has become unnecessary and may
be withdrawn.
The bill provides for a force of twenty men.
Now, in this Capitol there are three floors to
be looked after. There cannot be more than
seven men on duty at any one time. There are
three floors to be guarded, and we all know
the extent of this building. The result is that
there cannot be at one time more than two
policemen upon each floor to look after the
Capitol, from this end to the end of the Senate
wing, including all the rooms and approaches
to the Capitol on that floor. Now, it this force
is designed to guard the Capitol against depre-
dations of persons who have permission to
enter it at any time, the force is entirely too
small. If the force is not expected to do that,
then it is not needed at all. The committee
has decided that a larger force is not necessary.
If a larger force is not necessary, then the
force provided for in the bill is needless, and
we can save $32,000 by abolishing the force
entirely.
Besides, sir, the bill provides for a captain
at a large salary, and a lieutenant at a pretty
food salary, to command these twenty men.
apprehend that in the Army, even in the
enemy's country, no captain would be needed
to command twenty men; they could be com-
manded by a lieutenant. A lieutenant is the
highest officer that the Army regulations per-
mit in such a case. But here it would seem
we must have both a captain and a lieutenant
to command these twenty men. In my judg-
ment the employment of any more than one
officer is unnecessary.
I would like to test the sincerity of gentle-
men who have argued in favor of dispensing
with a portion of the force now employed, on
the ground that it is unnecessary. The argu-
ment of those gentlemen has been that this
force has nothing to do now. I wish to put
those gentlemen to the test by a vote upon the
proposition to strike out entirely tile provision
for this force. I .am not sure that any force is
needed here at all for this purpose. I am not
certain that we need any police force about
this Capitol. If not, then certainly this ex-
penditure may as well be saved.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts says
that this appropriation is for the next year,
whea we shall have a session of but three
months. But does not the Capitol need a police
force as much diiringthe recess as at any other
time? When Congress is not in session, are
not the Capitol and the grounds surrounding it
subjected to as much risk of depredation as
when Congress is in session? It strikes me
such is the fact* Bat, sir, if the Capitol needs
no guarding during nine of the twelve months
for which this appropriation is made, that is an
argument in favor of-striking out this appropri-
ation. I trust it will be done.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, is it in
order to move an amendment to the pending
clause before the vote is taken on striking it
out?
The CHAIRMAN.. Such an amendment
would be in order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend by
adding to thepending paragraph the following:
Provided, That no disabled soldier shall be dis-
charged by reason of this act.
Mr. Chairman, I suppose that no discussion
of this amendment is necessary, provided the
committee understand it. It merely provides
that no disabled soldier shall be discharged
from this force by reason of the passage of this
act.,
Mr. DAWES. .■ I, do not think any member
will object to that.
Mr. KANDALL. I suggest the same amend-
ment indicated by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts shall be put in here, '1 except from
misconduct."
Mr. STEVENSON. This covers that.
Mr. RANDALL. I did not hear it.
Mr. STEVENSON. It gays that he shall
not be discharged by reason of the passage of
this act.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Benjamin as amended.
The committee divided: and there were—
ayes twelve, noes not counted.
So the amendment as amended was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out the following:
For one captain, $1,800; one lieutenant( $1,500;
twenty privates, at $1,080 each, $21,600; and eight
watchmen, at $900 each, $7.200; making in all $32.100;
one half to be paid into the contingent fund of the
House of Representatives and the other half to be
paid into the contingent fund of the Senate;
And in lieu thereof to insert the following;
For one captain, $2,000; one lieutenant, $1,800;
twenty privates, at $1,500 each, $30,000; and eight
watchmen, at $1,000 each, $8,000; making in all
$41,800.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is nearly
substantial with one already offered and voted
down, so far as this pay is concerned. I can
see no reason why, if this force is to be reduced
and additional duties imposed upon the officers
who may be retained, we should make any
reduction in the pay of the number which we
retain. There may be some argument why,
when their duties are increased, they should
have more, but there certainly can be no argu-
ment why we should reduce the pay of our
officers at the same rate as we propose to
increase their duties.
Mr. DAWES. The committee propose to
give this captain of police the same pay as a
fourth-class clerk, a position requiring the
highest clerical qualities. We propose to
pay the police here the same that is paid to
the Metropolitan police. My colleague pro-
poses to pay them more. He proposes to give
the watchmen in this Capitol $1,000 a year,
when our watchmen in the Treasury Depart-
ment, the Interior Department, and every-
where else, receive only $720. Why should
we give one $1,000 and another $720 for doing
precisely the same character of service ?
I do not apprehend it is necessary to deal
longer with that amendment. I do not know
why a captain of police should have more than
a fourth-class clerk, or why a watchman here
should have more than a watchman in the
Treasury Department. The bill gives the
watchmen here $200 more than the watchmen
in the Treasury Department receive; but for
myself I do not think that it is right we should
do so.
The amendment of Mr. Brooks, of Massa-
chusetts, was disagreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to strike ont
the words, " One captain at $1,800."
Mr. Chairman, what use there is for a cap-
tain and lieutenant to command twenty men I
am unable to see. It seems that these men
have nothing to do, and nothing to do it with;
but still it seems necessary that they must have
a captain at $l,800and one lieutenant at $1,500
in order to command them when doing nothing.
In my judgment it is all a ridiculous, foolish
thing. We know that in the Army that number
of men would not be considered as requiring
a captain and a lieutenant in order to command
them. I trust we will at least dispense with the
services of this captain and save $1,800 to the
Government.
Mr. SARGENT. It is obvious there must
be some police force to guard this Capitol, and
it is as perfectly obvious that no men can be
here for twenty-four hours of service to be fol-
lowed by another twenty-four hours, or in other
words to do perpetual duty. There must be
one man who should have charge of the force
and another to relieve him, and in case of sick-
ness to assume his responsibility.
The gentleman from Missouri has not seemed
to understand the difference between that which
is reasonable and that which is extreme ; and
the amendment he has submitted, instead of
being made in the interest of economy, appears
to me to be made for the purpose of breaking
down the section as it stands. If the gentle-
man can cut out first the captain, then the
lieutenant, and then the force entirely, he
hopes the Senate maj; then put back into it
the odious features which the committee have
taken out. Believing that to be the motive of
the gentleman from Missouri, I. oppose hii
amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Benjamin was dis-
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For compensation and mileage of members of the
House of Representatives and Delegates from Terri-
tories, $1,500,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to reduce that appropriation by $500,000. I
move to strike out in the eighty-seventh line
the words "five hundred thousand dollars,"
and to add the words " all mileage to members
being hereby abolished." I hope that amend-
ment will be acceptable to the gentlemen
around me.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a point of order.
The last part of the gentlemen's amendment
is not in order. It proposes to change exist-
ing laws, which is not in order in an appropri-
ation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Has not
the House suspended the rules of order in
regard to this bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The rules are merely
suspended in regard to the items contained in
the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts. I withdraw
that part of the amendment. As gentlemen
appear desirous of going to the country on the
question of economy, I wish to give them some-
thing practical to vote-upon. It is an easy
thing to vote upon the question whether we
shall save $800 out of the bones and muscles
of the reporters in front of the Speaker's desk,
or upon the question whether we shall save
something out of what we pay to some dis-
abled soldier who watches our Capitol. We
can grow very eloquent on questions like those,
but here is a question which affects ourselves,
a question whether by adopting my amend-
ment we shall vote half a million dollars
into the Treasury. Since mileage was estab-
lished the means of conveyance has vastly
extended, and the cheapness of conveyance
has been more than quadrupled.
One of my predecessors, when he first came to
Congress, used to drive here from Salem, Mas-
sachusetts, with his own horses and carriage,
which was the only means he had of reaching
Washington, and it took him weeks of travel;
whereas now I can leave this city and be at
my home within twenty-four hours. ,A major-
ity of* the members of this House can reach
their homes in that time.
But I say that this mileage is unequal and
unjust, for all inequalities of compensation
are unjust. The gentlemen who live in the
immediate vicinity of the capital get no mile-
age, whereas we who live at a distance get a
mileage which is very much greater than the
actual expense. This being so, there is an
injustice which operates in favor of those of
us who live at a distance.
I desire, therefore, to bring the House to a
vote to see whether or not in this attempt to
secure economy we are willing to pinch our-
selves. And I may say I am in a situation
Eeculiarly favorable for making this motion,
ecause 1 live about the average distance from
the capital, about five hundred miles, and the
change would affect me as it would the aver-
age of members.
Mr. FITCH obtained the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman frott
Massachusetts permit me to ask him it n
