1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4Q2T
too much for the business interests of the coun-
try to endure. Some part of it ought to betefc
to a "grateful posterityand some part, I My
in all seriousness, should be left until those
States that plunged us into civil war and piled
up this mountain of debt upon us, shall so far
have recovered from the desolations of the war
as to be able and be compelled to contribute to
its payment, in a much greater proportion than
is possible in their present circumstances. It
is not right, it is not fair that the loyal men
of to-day should bear all this burden.
Fifty million dollars annually applied to the
reduction of the principal of the debt is quite
as much as this generation ought to endure.
That will enable you to reduce the present tax-
ation to the extent of $75,000,000 annually.
The whole income tax can be abolished, in
addition to the reduction of $28,000,000 on
other taxes proposed by the committee; and a
margin will still be left sufficient to cover your
proposed reduction of the tariff', which all con-
cede is not likely to take effect this year. Why
not give relief to the people now, especially to
those in moderate circumstances, whose chief
means of support consist of their salaries or
annual earnings? The chairman of the com-
mittee gave us a statement a few weeks since,
procured from the Internal Revenue Bureau
at his request, showing the amount of reduction
of income tax to be about nine millions by the
increase of the exemption to $2,000. I sup-
posed that he would at least concede that
measure of relief in his report; but it comes
to the House with a mockery only of relief to
the extent of $500 more exemption, while the
full burden, with this exception, of the old law
is retained in the bill. I was glad that in this
debate the first blows at his report upon the
income tax were given so effectually by mem-
bers of his own committee.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have some difficulty in
my own mind upon this question of an income
tax. There are many plausible points to hang
an argument upon both for and against it. I
voted, upon a proposition which was before the
House some time since, for the collection of
that tax during the present year. This tax
had been already assessed under existing laws,
and I thought it entirely fair to enforce its col-
lection. In so voting, however, I did not in-
tend to commit myself to the policy of per-
petuating this tax beyond the present year. _
I am in favor, and have been from the begin-
ning of our present tax system, of requiring
the surplus capital or the invested and accu-
mulated capital of the country to pay a liberal
share of our taxes in some shape or other.
Prom the first, too, I have advocated the pro-
priety of taxing in some way the bonds of the
Government so as to make them yield a rev-
enue as a. part of the surplus or invested capital
of the country. I am still anxious to so shape
our legislation as to derive an increased rev-
enue from those who hold our bonds, either on
speculation or as an investment. But I am
opposed to continuing this income tax upon
gains and profits derived from the business of
the country; I cannot, for one, vote to perpet-
uate any such tax, unless wh«n absolutely ne-
cessary to sustain our credit. The amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Jcdd,]
as far as F have been able to understand.it
from his explanation of it and from a hurried
reading of it, meets my views in regard to this
subject of an income tax very fully, and I shall
cheerfully vote for it if on further examination
1 tind I am correctly informed as to its scope
and effect. But if the question shall be squarely
presented for my vote whether as a whole we
shall perpetuate this income tax as proposed
i)V this bill, or whether we shall abolish it
altogether, I for one, although in this I shall
perhaps differ from my colleagues on this side
of the House, shall vote to abolish the income
tax altogether. _ .
It has been said that by means of this income
tax we make gentlemen account for what they
receive as interest on United States bonds
which are not otherwise taxable. That is a
mere pittance, however; and desirable as it may
be to get some revenue from these bonds, I am
unwilling to tax the whole bmsmess of the coun-
try and cause every large and small dealer to
make every year an inventory of his business,
to explain all his business transactions, his
losses and his gains, and to annually expose his
weakness or his strength, merely for the sake
of receiving the little amount of revenue which
is derived from the incomes upon capital in-
vested in the bonds of the Government. The
amount we collect now as an income tax from
the interest received on these bonds is com-
paratively very small, and not, in my judgment,
sufficient to justify us in keeping up so much
official machinery to collect it. 1 prefer to get
at these bonds in some more direct and less
expensive way.
Sir, this income tax is not only an unequal,
but an inquisitorial and in many respects an
obnoxious one. We can collect taxes enough
to sustain our credit and to support the Gov-
ernment by less irritating and less provoking
means. We are assured that we may safely
reduce our taxes. If so, I know of nothing we
can with greater propriety take off than this
income tax on men's earnings in business
merely. When we tax the enterprising mer-
chant, farmer, or mechanic we do not neces-
sarily thereby tax only the rich man. In this
we only tax the man of marked energy and
industry. The wealthiest men often escape,
because their means are so invested as not to
yield much revenue for the current year.
Hence I say this tax is often unequal.
It is a very plausible argument to say that
the income tax affects the rich men only; but,
sir, according to my observation, such is not the
fact. Every tax which we impose upon the
business of the country is paid at last by the
laborers and the consumers of the country,
constituting, as they do, the great mass of our
people. Men regulate their charges, their
profits, by the amount of taxes which they are
obliged to pay. Every merchant in fixing the
price of his goods takes into the account the
taxes he has to pay. So of every other busi-
ness. Hence my anxiety to see our enterpris-
ing business men of all classes relieved of this
hea,vy tax on their earnings. If 'this can be
done I shall not object to other more favored
interests paying a very liberal income tax if no
less expensive or more simple method of taxing
them cannot be devised.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. 11aW-
ley] by substituting "$2,000" for "$2,500"
as the amount of exemption. Of course, Mr.
Speaker, 1 go with everybody else for reducing
taxes; but while general expressions to that
effect are being uttered, I ask the attention of
the House to the fact that the taxes collected
by the Internal Revenue Bureau have already
been decreased from $310,90t>,9S-l in 18(Hi to
$160,0159,344 in 18G9. The people as well as
Congress should bear in mind that more than
one hundred and fifty million dollars of taxa-
tion have already been lifted from the country
in this bureau alone. So far so good. I do
not believe that the reduction ought to stop
here. We should go still further. But the
question, "where shall taxes be taken off.'" is
as important as the other question, "whether
or not we shall take them off
In the previous stages of this bill I voted for
removing the vexatious and annoying tax im-
posed by small stamps, except where they are
used in banksandin banking business, as finally
agreed to by the House. I also voted to remove
the harassing and vexatious tax on matches,
for I believed we could afford to do that. I
did not follow the course of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. KelleyJ and others, who,
while voting deliberately against every proposi-
tion to take ol! taxes from the people, insisted
that we must maintain .the creditof the Govern-
ment aud keep up a respectable amount ol
revenue, saved their force till they came to the
income tax, and now ask that this be taken off
entirely. I believe such a measure, would be
injudicious.
The amount of exemption proposed 111 my
amendment—$2,000—seems to me fair and
equitable. It will exempt from the operation
ot the tax professional men who labor hard
in the smaller towns and gain but a limited
income, who live upon what they earn aud
save nothing. In this way the moderately pros-
perous portion of the lawyers and the doctors
will be relieved from the tax. This exemp-
tion will also relieve the clergymen, except
those who are settled over wealthy parishes
and who in some degree emulate the luxury
of their parishioners. It will exempt almost
all clerks receiving salaries j it will exempt all
or almost all the teachers in our schools and
academies, a class who generally save nothing,
although they labor faithfully. It will exempt
the professors in the smaller colleges, who are
subject to the same experience with the teach-
ers. It will exempt the master mechanics,
men receiving perhaps from five to six dollars
a day, scarcely ever more than $2,000 a year.
It will exempt a large portion of the men living
upon salaries, and all these will be taken out
by my amendment, in addition to the laboring
mechanics and farmers, who will pay nothing
under it. The class who will pay this tax will
be those who are not only above want, but
above the pinch of anything besides fancieS
necessity. If we adopt this exemption of
$2,000, I see no wit in reducing the rate from
live per cent, to three per cent. As a rule, the
incomes above this amount are received by men
who either have a certain and assured income,
putting them above the necessity of a narrow
rule of living, or by those who from trade or
business derive large profits, enabling them to
live luxuriously. Let us cut off the tax, if at
all, at its lower stages, and retain it on the
higher.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, I have refrained
from taking any part in the debates which have
grown out of the financial questions which the
Committee of Ways and Means have presented
through their tariff bill and the bill now before
the House. I have preferred to listen to what
gentlemen might say who are more able to
address the House on this subject than 1 pre
tend to be. Sir, to my dull apprehension it is
not, apparent what great evil there is to grow
out of the continuance of this income tax. It
seems to niethat the opposition to the contin-
uance of this tax springs from a very small
portion of the people—less than three hundred
thousand—so much so that it has become a
special interest, and we all know how liable
we all are to be controlled by special interests
to the exclusion of the great mass of the peo-
ple. Special interests get hold of the news-
papers. Special interests besiege our commit-
tee-rooms a<id besiege us as >ve come to our
seats daily, follow us to our rooms, and press
their special claims upon us; and we are apt to
forget in the midst of all this the interest of the
great mass of the people pursuing their peace-
ful avocations at home, who require 11s to rep-
resent them as well as these special interests.
Now, sir, in taking into consideration the
question of taxation we should lal;e a com-
prehensive view of the whole question, State
and national. We have two systems of taxa-
tion in this country very much independent of
each other, and caeli almost absolute 111 its
power. Now, look over the State tax, which
is the main tax affecting the people ot^ the
country. Where do you collect your State
and municipal taxes? You collect them from
the land, from the agricultural interest. xoa
collect them from the men who have an in-
terest in the soil, because the soil i& apparent
and the tax-gatherer can reach it. I ui'somil
property escapes taxation in the States a.iuqoi,
entirely; this species of properly, perhaps,
can be taxed belter Uiau twy other, } 11 ve an
| know ifc is not included in Slate Uix^s to any
