1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr, Morgan.
Ho. OF RBPS.
burdens, no principle of justice;orsoundpolitical
economy will j ustify any discrimination against
him. But it is argued by some that a protective
tariff will exclude foreign articles and leave to
the domestic manufacturer the whole field of
trade, thereby increase their sales and enable
them to sell upon smaller profits, and in that
manner bring the article to the consumer as
cheap as it can be without a high tariff.
To this argument there appears to my mind
to be two perfectly conclusive answers:
1. The disposition and right of every man
to avail himself of the highest possible price;
and
2. The loss which such a result will inflict
upon the revenue of the Government and the
shipping interest of the country.
]f the protectionists really believed that this
tariff would not enable them to sell their com-
modity for a higher price than could be ob-
tained without the tariff, the clamor for a pro-
tective tariff would at once cease. There
can be no other motive for protection than
that of enhancing the price of the domestic
products. Any other pretense is unfounded in
fact, and is but little else than false pretense.
This proposition is so palpable as not to require
argument.
But if the effect of a protective tariff is to
exclude imports, and thereby increase the sale
of domestic manufactures, then, instead ofpro-
ducing a revenue for the support of the Gov-
ernment the tariff will be a tax upon the con-
sumer for the benefit of the manufacturer, and
will fail entirely of accomplishing the only
object for which Congress can impose a tariff—
the collection of revenue. This will necessitate
the resort by the Government to some other
method of taxation for revenue; and the con-
sumers and property of the country will be
taxed first to support the wealthy manufacturers
of the country, and next the Government of
the United States. Taxation for the former
object will be justly odious to the people, while
that for the latter object will be, as it ever has
been, cheerfully submitted to.
But there is another aspect in which a tariff
cither in part or whole prohibitory is objection-
able. There is much said about the decline of
American shipping ; and the President of the
United States has called attention to that fact
in a special message, earnestly invoking the
attention of Congress to that subject.
Sir, when international commerce languishes
shipping mustcease to be profitable; and when
it is not profitable, no amount of legislation,
unless it is in the unjust and unequal method
of granting subsidies, can keep our ships afloat.
The effect of this tariff is to strike a deadly
blow at almost all international commerce, and
paralyze and sweep from the ocean more effect-
ually than storm or shipwreck all American
vessels once so justly the pride and boast of
the American waters. To remedy this the Presi-
dent advises money subsidies, or a sort of poor
fund upon which our impoverished ship inter-
est may subsist as paupers. Sir, our seamen
have been accustomed to earn an honest living
by the pursuit of their noble calling, and they
demand no bounty, no poor fund for their sup-
port, but in their own emphatic language they
do demand " free trade and sailors' rights."
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, allow me to say
that this whole system of protection is but
one continued system of subsidies, pensioning
each business that is sought to be protected,
upon the whole people; restricting trade, par-
alyzing commerce, and grinding the face of
ihe poor for the benefit of the rich. Profess-
ing to raise revenue on imports it stifles com-
merce, prohibits importation, and lessens the
amount of duty collected. Professing to be
in the interest of labor, it imposes onerous
taxation upon the laborer for the benefit of the
wealthy manufacturer. Professing to build up
American industry, it paralyzes commerce and
sweeps American vessels from the ocean. On
the whole, I can only regard it as an ingen-
iously devised plan to cheat the millions of
consumers for the benefit of the few manufac-
turers, and to pervert that constitutional pro-
vision of duties for revenue only into a most
gigantic instrument of oppression and fraud.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. G-. W. MORGAN,
01' ohio,
In the House or Representatives,
March 24, 1870.
Tho House being in the Committee of the Whole,
and having under consideration the bill (II. K. No.
10S8) to amend existing laws relating to the duties on
imports, and for other purposes-
Mr. MORGAN, said :
Mr. Chairman: I do not rise with the inten-
tion of discussing the general theories involved
in the subject of the tariff, but for the purpose
of illustrating, by a single example, the great
injustice that is done to the agricultural States
by the monopolies located in the East. In the
remarks which I shall submit, I do not desire
to do injustice to our friends of the eastern
States in the aggregate, nor to those interests
to which I may find it necessary specially to
refer.
The truth is, Mr. Chairman, that from the
very foundation of our Government the eastern
States, or rather certain interests in the eastern
States, gained an ascendency in the affairs of
the country, and have maintained it from that
time until the present. No one, sir, appre-
ciates more than myself the fine qualities of the
people of the States of New England; their
energy, their intelligence, their enterprise, ay,
sir, and the virtue which is sometimes denied
them, but most unjustly, their high courage
when courage is truly needed. The misfortune
is, sir, that this intelligence of theirs is used to
their own aggrandizement at our cost, to their
inordinate wealth gained from our toil.
There are certain gifts of Providence, sir,
which in their relation to mankind may be
said to be universal; they are obtained with-
out labor, they are given without cost. Among
these are the light and warmth of the sun,
the air we breathe, which fills our lungs and
invigorates our blood, and the water we drink.
These have never been held to be subjects of
taxation, because they are absolutely neces-
sary to the existence of man, and without
them the race would become extinct. Next
to these, sir, comes the article of salt as a
necessity to human existence and well-being.
For after light, and heat, and air, and water,
salt is most needful to man. The great oceans
which surround the earth upon which we live,
are liquid bodies of salt, and the earth's sur-
face is covered with salt mountains and lakes
and springs and mines. In Africa and Asia
there are vast ranges covered with masses of
rock salt, and in the kingdom of Tunis there
is said to be a superb mountain composed of
red and violet crystals of the same material.
In Spain there is a single pyramid of blue and
white salt, 500 feet in height and several miles
in circumference at its base. In the Tyrol are
ranges of salt mountains worked by means of
shafts and galleries, while in ancient Libya, as
is the ease to-day in Arabia, and amid the vast
mines of Poland, beautiful houses and churches
are built of salt rocks; and along the beautiful
shores of the Mediterranean rock salt is pro-
duced in vast quantities by simply overflowing
the neighboring shores and allowing the water
to settle in vats, when solar evaporation does the
rest. And in many places, as at Turk's Island
and on the shores of the Gulf of California, great
bodies of salt are formed without any human
agency; and in Louisiana there are salt mines
which will probably prove as inexhaustible as
are the Austrian mines of Salzburg.
And this, sir, brings me to consider the ques-
tion of the tribute money which the shrewd-
ness of New England politicians extorts from
the people of the agricultural States for the
benefit of certain eastern monopolies; and
which has been paid almost without a murmur
for more than_fifty years. A tribute, in its
general sense, is a sum of money paid by one
prince, or by one people to another in token
of submission, or in consideration of protec-
tion. And so well established is the dominion
of New England over the people of the other
States that they humbly bow their necks to the
yoke and meekly pay the tribute demanded.
It is not my intention to consider the millions
of tribute paid to the manufacturers of New
England, but to examine the legislation of
Congress on the subject of salt, and show how
unjustly it operates against the grain-growing
and stock-raising regions of our country. The
first salt tax was imposed by the act of 1789,
and with the tax fishing bounties were created
on the pretext of recompensing the curers of
fish, by way of drawback on the amount ex-
ported. The first bounty was only 5 cents
a quintal on dried, and 5 cents a barrel on
pickled fish, and these bounties continued
until 1799, when on the ground of coming war
with France the bounties and the salt tax were
both increased, and both continued unabated
until 1807, when they were abolished under
the administration of Mr. Jefferson.
The people had murmured at the tribute
they had been compelled to pay, but New
England grudgingly yielded the bounties she
had received, and upon the approach of war
with Great Britain in 1832 a heavier salt tax
and larger bounties were imposed upon the
people. It is well known, sir, that the authori-
ties of New England, and especially those of
Massachusetts, were opposed to the war against
Great Britain, and this odious tribute was
again paid as one of the means of trying to
induce them not to take part against our coun-
try in favor of the enemy; and from that hour
until the present time bounties have been paid
to the exporters of salted fish, while similar
bounties, or bounties of any kind, have been
refused the far greater interests—the pork,
beef, and butter packers and exporters of the
West.
Now, sir, I ask upon what principle of right,
upon what principle of justice, are millions
given as bounties to the fish-exporters of New
England, while not one cent is given to the
packers and exporters of butter, beef, and pork
of New York, Ohio, and the States of the
great West? It cannot be because the fish-
ing interest is so vast, for it appears from tho
report of the Deputy Special Commissioner of
Internal Revenue that in 1888 the value of
beef, pork, and butter, which were exported,
amounted to $12,025,406, while the total value
of the fish exported during the same year was
only $1,499,848, showing an excess in favor
of beef, pork, and butter over the fish exported,
of $10,523,558. How comes it, then, Mr.
Chairman, that heavy bounties are paid to the
fish-exporters of Massachusetts and Maine,
while no bounties, however small, are paid to
the exporters of beef, pork, and butter of the
other States?
One reason, sir, why I was reluctant to speak
to-night was in consequence of the small num-
ber of the Representatives from New England
on the floor, as I desired to submit the few
remarks I have to make upon this subject in
their presence, that they might have an oppor-
tunity of replying to any of my statements, or
questioning me upon any point while I was
upon the floor.
