1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3083
State of Nebraska, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 601) to incorporate the Kansas,
Indian Territory, and Gulf Railway Company,
and to enable the Missouri River, Fort Scott,
and Gulf, and the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and
Galveston Railroad Companies to unite upon
and construct a single track through the Indian
territory and to reach the Gulf, have instructed
me to report it back, and ask to be discharged
from its further consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill just reported by
the Senator from Michigan, from which he
asked that the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road be discharged, was reported from that
committee some time ago, and the committee
was then discharged from its consideration,
and it was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. It is now before that committee.
Mr. HOWARD. But it was recommitted
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. No; the bill has been
before the Committee on Public Lands for
some weeks, and was considered this morning
by that committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have the billin my hand.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I withdraw my re-
port. I understood it had been recommitted
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
861) providing a mode for the selection of
cadets to the Military and Naval Academies;
which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 862) to provide for the settlement of ac-
counts between southern railroad corporations
and the United States Government, and col-
lection of balances due from said corporations;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 863)
to allow the school trustees in the State of
Arkansas to enter land for school purposes
under the homestead law; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 864)
to authorize the settlement of the claims of the
State of Kansas for services of the troops called
out by the Governor of that State, upon the
requisition of Major General Curtis, to repel
the invasion of General Price; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 182) in rela-
tion to Indian reservations selected by the
peace commissioners; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 183) for the relief of
Edward B. Woodbury, Lucius K. Woodbury,
and Sylvia M. Mclntyre; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr, NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 185) placing the name of Com-
mander James H. Ward, United States Navy,
as captain on the retired list, June 27, 1861;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
M r. W A RNE R asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce $ joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 186) in aid of the manufacture
of American cotton into yarn for export.; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to bf^nrinted.
CLAIM OF POTTAWATOMIE INDIANS.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent:
Retolved. That theCommittco on Indian Affairs bo
requested to report to the Senate what action, if any,
has been taken upon the report made on tho 18th d:ty
of January, 1869, to tho Secretary of the Interior by
the commissioners appointed by the President, under
the Senate amendment to the tenth articlo of the
treaty with tho Pottawatomie Indians of August 7.
18(58, which report ascertains the principal sum duo
those Indians from the United States to have been in
the year 1862 8178,953 43; and whataction, if any, has
been taken upon the supplementary report of Sitid
commissioners, made on thu'J-d d:iy of January, 1809,
ascertaining theinterestduennsaid priuc'pal sumar.
the latter date to be ยง18,897 95; and that said com-
mittee report whether, in their opinion, the results
at which said coiumissioncis arrived arc corroot, and
what reasons exist, if any, why the sum so found due
said Indians shall not be paid.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
consideration of the resolution now, or to its
reference to the Committee on Indian Affairs;
but I would state for the information of t.he
honorable Senator from Indiana that this is
an old claim which has been examined by the
Indian Committee and rejected by the Senate
several times, and the committee at this ses-
sion have agreed to report it back adversely
again; but this resolution probably will require
a written report, and perhaps a written report
will be desirable. I have no objection to the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. PRATT. I inquire of the Senator from
Iowa whether any action has ever been taken
on the reports of these commissioners, made
on the 18th and 22d days of January, 1869.
Mr. HARLAN. I think no action has been
taken on the subject in that specific form; but
during the last Congress the same claim was
before the committee and reported adversely.
It has been submitted to the Senate again and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
That committee has agreed to report adversely,
but the report has not yet been made. I have
no objection to the adoption of the resolution,
and the committee will of course, in compli-
ance with its terms, report in writing this time.
Mr. PRATT. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. The matter to which the
Senator from Indiana refers has been called
to my attention by letters from my State. These
Indians live in the State of Kansas, and they
are very anxious to have the claim considered.
They think it is very just. It has been reported
upon by a commission appointed by the Presi-
dent, and the payment of a certain sum has
been recommended; and yet it is so old a claim,
and it is made up of so many parts, that the
Committee on Indian Affairs have never yet
regarded it favorably. I hope they will now,
because the intelligent, educated Indians who
are living in my State, members of the Potta-
watomie tribe, think it is just, and they feel
very anxious, as I know from letters I receive
from them, that it should be acted on favor-
ably.
Mr. PRATT. My introduction of this reso-
lution is iu consequence of being called upon
by a citizen of my own State who is largely
interested in this claim. I have before me the
tenth article of the treaty with the Pottawato-
mies of August 7, 1868, or rather the Senate
amendment to the tenth article of the treaty,
which reads as follows :
"It is further agreed that the claims of the Potta-
watomies, heretofore reported on by the Secretary
of the Interior, nnder the act of Congress of March
2,1861, shall be submitted to two commissioners, to
be namedby the President of the United States, ior
examination; and said commissioners, after being
sworn impartially to decide on said claims, shall
make report of their judgment in the premises, with
the evidence taken, to the Secretary of the Interior,
and the same shall be communicated to Congress at
it* next session."
These commissioners made a very elaborate
report. They examined the treaty stipulations
between this tribe of Indians and the United
States, and found them contained in nineteen
different treaties, from 1795 down to the year
1846. In their recapitulation they find that
under eleven of these treaties the balances
due to theso Indians amount to $178,953 43 ;
and in their supplementary report they find
that interest upon these balances is due to the
Indians to the amount of $48,897 95. These
commissioners were appointed, it seems, in
pursuance of the Senate amendment to this
treaty, appointed under the provisions of the
treaty, and they made a laborious and elabor-
ate examination, and have ascertained these
balances to be due to the Indians from the
United States. I should hope the Committee
on Indian Affairs would be furnished with some
very good reasons, after this report, why the
sum so found due should not be paid.
Mr. HA ULAN. I will only make this ad-
ditional remark. I know of no way of dispos-
ing definitely and finally of any claim against
the Government but to pay it. This is a case
directly in point. It has been examined over
and over again, and always reported adversely ;
but of course the claimants think it just and
they continue to present it, and I suppose the
only way finally to get rid of it is to pay il.
The resolution was agreed to.
POSTAL AND TELEGRAPH COMMITTEE.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion :
.ffcgoioeci.That there be appointed a standing com-
mittee of theSenate, to be designated the Committee
on Foreign Postal and Telegraphic Communication.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to that.
Mr. COLE. Let it go on the Calendar of
resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will go ou the Calendar of resolutions.
MILITARY BUILDINGS AT NEW YORK.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent
to call up a little joint resolution of the House
which it is important should be passed to-day,
because it ought to go into operation by the
1st of May. It is a joint resolution in relation
to buildings used in the city of New York for
military purposes. The Secretary of War says
he thinks he can save $14,000 in a small ex-
penditure if the joint resolution can be passed
so that he can have it in operation by the 1st
of May. It will take but a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint res.
olution (H. R. No. 69) relating to buildings
used for military purposes in the city of New
York will be read, subject to objection.
The resolution was read. It authorizes the
Secretary of War to contract for the purchase
or lease of a suitable building or buildings in
the city of New York, for the use of the sev-
eral staff departments of the Army, as offices
and store-rooms, if by so doing he can effect
a saving of expense to the Government.
Mr. FOWLER. I object, unless I know-
something about that. It is very indefinite.
I do not know what the cost to the Govern-
ment at the present time is in New York for
this purpose. I do not know what it will cost
under this joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON. We are expending thirty-
five or forty thousand dollars a year for head-
quarters and buildings for military purposes
in New York city. The House passed this
resolution some weeks ago. The Committee
on Military Affairs had doubts whether we
should save anything by it, although the reso-
lution provides that it shall be done if ex-
penses can be saved. The Secretary of War
now says that he can save in this expenditure
of less than forty thousand dollars a year, if
this resolution passes, $14,000. It is necessary
to be acted upon before the 1st day of May,
as the 1st day of May is renting time.
Mr. FOWLER. What is the reason he can-
not make the same arrangement at the present
time without this joint resolution? In other
words, I do not see any power this gives him
over what he has at the present time. It seems
he has power to make arrangements for these
