8084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
same buildings now. What additional power
does this give liim ?
M r. W1L5 0 N. Let the resolut ion be read, u; id
the Senator will see precisely what it provides. I
Mr. FO WLF.ll. 1 hoard it.
Mr. DRAKE. Let. it be read again.
The Secretary read the joint resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. It authorizes the pur-
chase of buildings.
Mr. WILSON. This gives him power to
purchase if he can save by it, instead of rent-
ing wholly and entirely. The Secretary of War
stated a day or two ago to the committee his
desire to have it passed, and he believed he
could save uearly fourteen thousand dollars a
year, which is nearly one half what we now
pay. more than a third, by having power to
make the purchase.
Mr. FOWLEli. I understand it costs the
Government now thirty-five or forty thousand
dollars, and is it understood that the purchase
of the buildings will not cost more than thirty-
five or forty thousand dollars?
Mr. WILSON. It may cost more; but the
simplequestion is whether the Government will
save money.
Mr. POMEROY. They mean the interest
of i lie purchase will be that much less.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 shall not object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I shall have to
object to giving power to purchase buildings
in the city of New York. It is very indefinite.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the joint resolution cannot be now con-
sidered.
COMMERCE WITH BRITISH AMERICA.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 184) respecting commerce
between the United States and British North
America; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. FENTON. If there be no objection, as
I presume there will be none, I should be glad
to have the resolution put on its passage.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should like to hear it.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read,
subject to objection.
The Secretary read the joint resolution,
which proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause an inquiry to be made
for the information of Congress relative to the
extent and state of trade between the United
States and the several dependencies of Great
Britain in North America, and for this pur-
pose to designate a suitable person to make
such inquiry.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committeeof the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. Why is it necessary to
have a joint resolution to do that? Why would
not a single resolution do that?
Mr. FENTON. I think a joint resolution is
better, so as to get the sanction of both Houses.
I believe it was under the administration of
the Treasury Department by Mr. Chase that
authority equivalent to that conferred by this
resolution was given; and a gentleman every
way well qualified was appointed. I am not cer-
tain but that the authority still exists. I know
that the information was important and val-
uable which was then elicited. I believe it is of
great public interest now to have the inquiry
made.
Mr. SUMNER. I would remind the Senator
that there is no appropriation in the resolution
for the expense of the inquiry. Such a person
as the Senator has in view woijld not labor for
nothing.
Mr. FENTON. There is no requirement in
the resolution. It is simply authority con-
ferred ; and the Secretary, I suppose, will
exercise his discretion in the matter.
Mr. SUMNER. How can he find his man?
That is the point.
Mr. FENTON. That is a matter entirely
for him.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit whether it. would
not be advisable to add words of appropriation:
'•And a sufficient sum is hereby appropriated
to defray the expense thereof."
Mr. FEN TON. As I have already remarked,
the authority contained in this resolution was
conferred npon the Secretary of the Treasury
in 1862 or 1863. It has been a continuing
authority, and a Mr. Hatch, of New York, was
designated to make the inquiry; but for some
reason he has been discontinued. I am not
certain but that the Secretary of the Treasury
now has the authority under existing laws to
appoint an agent. I do not know out of what
fund lie could be paid. I have not cared to
raise that question. I desired simply to renew
the authority to the Secretary of the Treasury,
if necessary, to designate an agent in his dis-
cretion. If it shall be found necessary here-
after that a sum of money be appropriated, the
Secretary will advise Congress of that fact,
and I shall then ask Congress to act npon that
matter.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from New
York explain what powers he proposes to
clothe this agent with that the Secretary of the
Treasury is not already clothed with, or what
information that agent will be able to lay before
the country that the Treasury Department
cannot lay before the country at any time? ;
Mr. FENTON. I am not certain, as I re-
marked, that this resolution will give to the
Secretary of the Treasury any additional au-
thority. Under the authority of law a gentle-
man was designated to perform the duty indi-
cated in this resolution some years ago, and
was continued for several years, making his
reports to the Secretary from year to year.
I desire simply to renew the investigation. It
could be done without this resolution by some
agent of the Treasury Department. It could
be done by calling on the various collectors
of customs along the northern frontier. But
as that is not so direct and certain a method
of collecting this information, I have thought it
was better to renew the authority to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, if need be, to designate
some suitable person to collect this informa-
tion which is referred to in the resolution.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator thinks it im-
portant that there should be such an office
created I shall not oppose it; but I mu6t unite
with the Senator from Massachusetts in urging
the expediency of making an appropriation
and limiting the cost to be incurred. An un-
limited authority to spend money in this invest-
igation 1 should hardly be willing to authorize.
Mr. FENTON. It there is any doubt in
the mind3 of Senators in regard to the pro-
• priety of passing this resolution I am entirely
I willing that it shall be referred to the Conlmit-
tee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
STENOGRAPH011 FOR DISTRICTSUPREMECOURT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is exhausted, and the morning hour
has nearly expired. The Chair will regard
the morning hour as expired, unless there be
objection, and the Senate will resume the con-
sideration of the Calendar, and the Secretary
will resume the reading of the bill (H. R. No.
1427) to provide for the creation of corpora-
tions in the District of Columbia. When the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of exec-
utive business yesterday the Secretary had read
thirty-six pages of the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Before the Calendar of
business is commenced I wish to enter a motion
} to reconsider the vote on the passage of the
bill (S. No. 481) to provide for the appoint-
ment of a stenographer to the supreme court
of the District of Columbia. I do it with some
reluctance; but I feel as if it were worth my
while to make one effort to save the country
' from what seems to me the inauguration of a
very wasteful and improper system.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
ii reconsider will be entered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the bill bo recon-
sidered and put on the Calendar.
Mr. CASSIfiRLY. I move that the bill be
reconsidered and placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there bo no
objection the motion to reconsider will be
regarded as agreed to, and the bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
VKJiTlLATION OP TUB IIALLS.
Mr. NYE. I understand that a joint reso-
lution making an appropriation for the purpose
of making some experiments in ventilation,
upon which committee I have the honor to be,
has come over from the House and has been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
If that committee have no objection I should
like to have it acted upou now, as we are very
anxious to proceed with some experiments.
The House resolution appropriates $3,001) for
the purpose of making those experiments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I made the motion to
refer; but if the appropriation is only for the
amount of $3,000 for the purpose of making
some experiments I have no objection to the
passage of the resolution. _ 1 thought it would
require a large appropriation.
Mr. NYE. Not at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint res-
olntiou has gone to the Secretary's otlice.
Mr. NYE. It can be brought back in a
moment, I presume. I should like to pass it
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider the reference of the resolution will
be regarded as agreed to, and the Senator can
call it up hereafter.
Mr. NYE. The Secretary now has the joint
resolution, and I ask that it may be consid-
ered at the present time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. It. No. 271)
making an appropriation for the purpose of
making experiments in the ventilation of the
Halls of the Capitol. It appropriates $8,000
for the purpose of making experiments in the
ventilation of the Hails of the Capitol, to be
drawn by the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives and to be expeuded by the joint
committee of the two Houses on the subject
! of ventilation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
! the joint resolution, but we have been experi-
! meriting ever since 1 have been in the Senate
| to improve the ventilation of these Halls. We
■ have had various committees on that subject.
I recollect that when Mr. Buckalew represented
the State of Pennsylvania here he paid a great
deal of attention to this subject. In my judg-
ment we never can have proper ventilation in
these Halls until we can get to the exterior of
the building. I think this will be money thrown
away. I have been ready myself for the last
ten years, ever since We found out the condi-
tion of these Halls, to make the necessary ap-
propriation and give the direction to have the
, Halls opehed in some way to the exterior. It
[ is the only way it ever can be done, and that is
i the way it ought to be. These grounds around
! the Capitol, these beautiful parks—and I hope
! they are to be improved some time on the
north and south ends of the Capitol as well
as on the east and west—are shut ont from
; us. Members come here and are shut up in
the interior of this great building without an
i opportunity of looking out upon tne parks that
■ will surround the Capitol, and of having the
i benefit of them or having the benefit of fresh
| air or any air except that which is forced into
the room. The ventilation of these Halls, in
my jiidgment, is a perfect failure. Although I
; do not object to this appropriation of $8,000,
1 I have no expectation that any good will cotnG
; of it. I should be glad to unite in a proposi-
tion to have the Halls rearranged in some way
j so that they can be extended to the exterior
of the building.
' Mr. POMEROY. I have noticed that then
