4972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
made to be correct. I take the report from
the Chronicle of this city.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Secretary Cox then referred to the treaty of 1867
as the one they were to go by. This he read to them.
" Red Cloud could not understand it. The map
was then sent for.nnd the Sioux reservation pointed
out to him. Ho studied it with great interest and
declared that it was all new to him. lie appealed to
the other chiefs, and as the treaty and map wero
explained to them with great clearness by Secretary
Cox, they all declared with much vehemence that it
was a fraud and a lie; that it never was explained to
them before. Secretary Cox said that Generals Slier-
man, Harney, Sandborn, Tappan, and others, who
drew up this treaty in 1867, were all honorable men.
They said that might bo; but if so the interpreters
did not explain it to them at the tinio they signed.
Now that they understood they utterly repudiated it.
" Printed copies of the treaty of 1867 were then sent
for by Commissioner Parker and given to the inter-
preter, John Richards, for the chiefs to take home,
and with his help to study.
"Red Cloud said it was useless to take it homo; it
was a swindle; and he never meant to sign an^such
paper. He said he told General Sherman that it tho
JForts Phil. Kearny, Reno, and Smith were removed
and tho road in their country closed, that they would
let them build tho Union Pacific railroad and make
peace. General Sherman removed those forts and
closed tho Montana road, and when ho eatno in they
told him what ho signed (tho treaty of 1S67, now in
dispute) was only for peace and nothing else.
" The wholo delegation appeared much disturbed
at this revelation about the treaty, and, at tho sug-
gestion of Secretary Cox, adjourned the meeting to
consider further what should be done. They will
toon mectazain."
Mr. SARGENT. It is evident from the
reading of this extract, or from the incidents
of that interview, that the difficulty lies a great
deal deeper than the mere amount of money
to be appropriated, and how that money shall
be expended. In the interviews between these
Indians and the Secretary of tho Interior, in
which each seemed to speak very freely, no
complaint was made that the specific goods
required to be furnished wero not furnished.
It was not complained that the amount of
money which the Government agreed to ex-
pend for their benefit was not expended. Such
a complaint would have been idle, because the
$2,000,000 which wero placed in the hands of
the Government to bo used among these tribes
were nearly the amount which the treaties
authorized to be expended for that purpose.
And I have no doubt that in consequence of
the more honest expenditure of that money
than has been the custom in the Indian service
that amount went so much further that the
Indians thought they were being more liberally
supplied with goods than usually.
But the trouble lies deeper than that; it
relates to the question of territory. The In-
dians themselves demand that they shall be
allowed to follow the buffalo to its haunts across
the route of the Pacific railroad. Now, that
cannot be permitted, wherever the responsi-
bility may lie. It may be that knavish inter-
preters or others may have deceived the Indians
and by means of these treaties induced them
to give up their rights.
Mr. TAFFE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. TAFFE. I would ask the gentleman
if according to the terms of these treaties the
Indians have not the right to hunt buffalo on
tho Republican?
Mr. SARGENT. I am inclined to think
that by a fair construction of the treaty they
are entitled to hunt buffalo over a part of the
ground in question.
Mr. TAFFE. Of course I do not support
the treaty. In the first place, 1 do not believe
it was intended that such a treaty should be
made. And under the law of 1SG7, which
provided for the commission, I think the House
as well as the Senate had to approve of that
treaty before it became in force. But I think
the treaty in express terms allowed them to
hunt buffalo on the Republican.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe myself that no
treaty calling for the appropriation of money
should be ratified without the consent of the
House of Representatives. But I also believe
that, by a fair reading of those treaties, the In-
dians are entitled to the use of part of these
lands which they claim for the purpose of
hunting. But I also say that, wherever the
responsibility may lie, that portion of these
treaties cannot be carried out.
Now, that is ihe foundation of the whole
trouble. By allowing these Indians, their war-
riors and their hunting-parties, to roam over
these regions we will be giving them ready ac-
cess to those large trains of men, women, and
children that are continually passing^ over
that great thoroughfare across the continent.
Imagine the scene of horror that would take
place some night, with a train moving twenty-
five or thirty miles an hoar filled with men,
women, and children, should these Indians
remove a rail on some bridge over one of the
deep chasms spanned by this road, causing all
its living freight to be plunged down to almost
certain death, any who might escape destruc-
tion in that way being a mark for the Indian
arrow or bullet. It is evident that the long
route traversed by these trains cannot be pro-
tected in such an event, unless you should put
a lino of pickets along it, as you did along the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad during the war
of the rebellion, at an expense which I do
not think the Government is ready to incur.
This has been realized by the General of the
Army and by the Administration; and they
have restrained these Indians from wandering
over these regions, and that is the cause of
offense to these Indians. But this IIousc has
never done anything to prevent these Indians
going wherever by treaty stipulations they
wouid be allowed to go ; and this bill does
not do so.
But there is another consideration connected
with this matter. Unquestionably the Indians
need to travel over these regions in search of
game ; otherwise they must starve. It is un-
doubtedly necessary that they should pnrsnethe
buffalo or we must furnish them with the means
of subsistence. As we have pushed westward
our railroads and our settlements, as towns
have grown up where discoveries of mineral
' wealth have been made, as population has ex-
tended more and more, we have circumscribed
the Indians' means of living ; and consequently
year after year, almost insensibly, the expenses
of our Indian service have increased.
In view ot this fact, and of the fact that for
the safety of travel upon those routes, for
the protection of frontier communities, wo
must restrain the Indians upon smaller reser-
vation? and within smaller limits, we need to
increase the amount of the appropriations
which we make to feed the Indians and induce
them to resort to agriculture as a means of
livelihood. Acting upon this idea, I think
it wouid be well that the House, if tho com-
mittee of conference should recommend it,
authorize larger appropriations than we made
early in the session. At the same time I would
reject the treaties which provide for the ex-
penditure of this money in a certain way. I
would do this for the several reasons that I have
given. Those reasons have already influenced
the mind of the House in rejecting those trea-
ties ; and there is another of the strongest char-
acter. We cannot in any well-considered pol-
icy recognize tho Indians as independent na-
tions within our own midst. The inconven-
ience of a policy so recognizing them has been
shown by the attempt of the Indians under
treaty stipulations to avoid taxation upon to-
bacco, spirits, and other articles manufactured
in the Indian country and largely exported into
the States, giving rise to questions which have
caused recently serious trouble to the internal
revenue department.
If whisky can be manufactured by great dis-
tilleries just south of Kansas free of all internal
taxation, and be sent into Missouri and all the
other States to come into competition with the
lax-paying liquor, of course there is an end of
all distilling except in the Indian territory, for
the product can be increased to the extent of
the demand. Yet the right to tax such busi-
ness in the Indian country is denied under the
treaties made with the tribes inhabiting that
territory. Viewed in any light, the treaty sys-
tem is incongruous and inconvenient.
This House has no purpose to treat tho In-
dians with injustice or to bring on a war with
them. If we knew just what course would
redeem the Indians from barbarism we would
adopt it. If the expenditure of money merely
would reclaim them we would give it freely.
But something more than that is needed, and
that something I believe the Administration is
endeavoring to supply. For many of the tribes
different religious bodies now select the agents,
and are responsible for their conduct; and the
result is a real advance by these_hitherto miser-
able beings. The new Army bill prohibits the
employment of military men in any civil posi-
tions, and I understand that it is the purpose
of the President to enlarge the system I have
adverted to, and to supply the place of the
military officers by agents selected by religious
associations, and for whose conduct the guar-
antee of those bodies willbe required. By this
means the certainty will be acquired that the
goods which we send will be equitably distrib-
uted ; and if the gentlemen composing the
Indian commission will do what the law organ-
izing that body intended, supervise purchases,
and be allowed freely so to do by the_ Depart-
ment, we may enlarge our appropriations with
the confidence that the money is not stolen or
squandered.
If we circumscribe the Indians in tho man-
ner I have indicated we must feed them or
fight them, and perhaps both at present, though
1 hope not. It is not unreasonable on their
part for them to ask us the means of livelihood
when we take away their buffalo. On the res-
ervations to which we confine them there is
little game; and only patient husbandry, to
which they are not accustomed, will bring from
the soil the means of subsistence. But there
is no encouragement, even to a civilized man,
to labor on or improve lands which he does
not own, and which he maysoon be compelled
ti> vacate. Constantly, as our population has
advanced, we have compelled the Indians to
remove from their lands. In many cases they
have been obliged to part with highly improved
lands, where they were becoming rapidly civ-
ilized, and where they might have become,
after awhile, absorbed into our populations,
and thus, so far as they were concerned, have
solved the Indian question. But we compelled
them to " move on," like the wandering Jew,
without rest or home, save in the grave.
We were able to do this because their lands
were the property of the tribe instead of indi-
viduals, and a negotiation with the chiefs was
easy, where envious neighbors crowded the
Indian domain, and the glitter of gold and
silver annuities secured a bargain that brought
in tho end misery and destruction to tho In-
dians. The system has been going on for over
half a century, and was last exemplified in the
treaty of the Indian peace commission, except
that then the tribes were wild and dangerous,
and the considerations were food and clothes.
I think the only solution of the Indian ques-
tion is by allotments to tho Indians of land in
severalty, without power of alienation until the
possessor is capable of full citizenship. With
his piece of land each Indian should receive
instruction and assistance in cultivating it,
seeds and agricultural implements, and sub-
sistence until he is self-sustaining. White men
should be severely punished for molesting him.
On this, his homo, his family will live, and tho
Indian community will have their schools,
dress as white men do, break up tribal rela-
tions, and drop the barbarous habits of their
race.
1 understand this to be the plan which the
Quakers are pursuing, and that the results are
surprisingly beneficial. This system is being
puisued on the very edge of the region now
under the control of the warlike tribes; and
it has attracted numbers of savages to join the
