4028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
great extent. When we come to look at the
national taxes, how do wo find them? We
find the principal tax which affects personal
property under our internal revenue system is
this tax on incomes. It is about the only tax
which reaches to any extent the large amount
of personal property in this country. If you
abolish this tax, then you abolish about the
only remaining tax on personal property, ex-
cept the tax on bank deposits and circulation.
What else do yon do ? You abolish the only
tax which reaches the income of the bond-
holder. While I have never been in favor of
taxing the bonds absolutely, as we have not
the legal power so to do, cannot do so in good
faith, I have always felt that the incomes
from those bonds should be made to contribute
its proportion in defraying the great expenses
which the national debt has imposed upon the
people. But we are told that this tax is inquisi-
torial. So it is ; all taxes are ; they pry into
a man's affairs and seek to reach his hidden
means. An honest man will not be troubled
with this, as he will make his fair return to the
assessor and pay his tax ; but the rogue needs
all the machinery of this law to make him dis-
close what he tries to hide. It is said, as a
reason for not continuing this tax, that many
dishonest men pay no income tax and shirk
it, while the honest men have to pay it. That
is true of all taxation, more or less true of all
obligations and duties that men owe to society,
to their country, and their Creator. Good men
perform them; bad men seek to, and do in the
main, evade them. Would you because of that
abolish all taxes and do away with the per-
formance of all obligations and duties that the
interests of society and the welfare of the State
demand ?
As poorly as this income tax is collected the
Government realizes more than thirty million
doliarsannually out of it. This,as weall know,
comes mainly from the rich, from the men who
live in palaces and have their thousands and
millions of income. A. T. Stewart's income
is §3,000,000 a year, upon which he pays
$150,000a year income tax. Shall we take this
tax off of him and distribute it around among
the farmers of the country and mechanics, who
have all they can do to support their families
and pay their taxes now? Some one must raise
the money. Is it not better that the rich should
pay it oat of their abundance rather than the
poor out of their poverty ? But we are told
that this tax operates seriously on those who
live on salaries and have nothing else to depend
upon. This bill, you will observe, Mr. Speaker,
now exempts $1,500, $500 more than the old
law. This change is just, but I am in favor of
no greater exemption. I think the man who
gets more than that amount of salary can bet-
ter afford to pay an income tax on the excess
than the small landholder or business man who
is already overburdened with his load of State
and muncipal taxation.
But, sir, as a general principle I am in favor
of a reduction of taxation. We now collect
in excess of the needs of the Government
$100,000,000 a year. That is more than is
necessary; sixty or seventy million dollars are
enough. Let us reduce thirty or forty million
dollars, butletnot that reduction comefrom the
luxuries, such as tobacco and liquor; let it not
come from the few who have large incomes and
plethoric purses, but let it reach the business
of the masses, as this bill proposes. Strikeout
your petty taxes, your licenses on trades and
occupations, amend your tariff, take off your
duty on coal, reduce it on sugar, tea, coffee,
molasses, and salt. Some of these articles
come from abroad and are not produced in this
country. _ The principle of protection to home
industry is not seriously infringed in these
reductions. These articles enter into the con-
sumption of every family in the land. How
would honorable gentlemen appear to their
honest, hardworking constituents, to take the
income tax of $200 a year off of their own
congressional salaries and leave the present
heavy tax upon these necessaries of life? For
one, sir, I most earnestly protest against that
policy which protects the few at the expense
of the many.
Mr. MYERS. The question before the
House is whether we stall reeuact the iucome
tax law. It has. expired by limitation. It is
dead. Shall we bury it or shall we resurrect
and galvanize it into new life? I am opposed
to its reenactment, and will do all I can to
prevent it. If the question of redaction is
forced upon us first I will vote to reduce it to
three per cent, and increase the exemptions,
but I shall then vote to strike out the section.
I hope the motion to strike the tax from the
bill will be the first submitted to the House.
I find by the public debt statement just
issued that we decreased our debt in May
$14,301,902 37; and since March 1, 1870,
$31,766,105 39. We are reducing our debt at
the rate of $125,000,000 a year, but in doing
so we are draining the resources of our people
until at last the cry comes up for a still greater
reduction of taxation. Congress is heeding
that appeal. This bill already proposes to take
$3-1,000.000 from the people's burdens, and
the question is whether we cannot also do away
with a tax which seems to be more unpopular
than any other. In Philadelphia the sentiment
for the total abolition of an income tax is almost
unanimous, pervading especially the business
and working classes of the community. Let us
see if it cannot be safely done.
The Secretary of the Treasury estimates our receipts
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1871, under ex-
isting laws, at S393.UOO.OOO
Our expenses at  291,000,000
Excess of receipts  102,000,000
This bill proposes to reduce $34,000,000
Add income tax, less expenses
of collection and exemptions
increased by tho bill  18,000,000
  52,000,000
Still leaving an excess of receipts of  $50,000,000
This will allow us to admit free of duty such
articles as we do not produce in this country,
amounting to $20,000,000 in value, to pay
$20,000,000 more annually to the sinking fund,
and will leave a large surplus still toward less-
ening the debt. Never before did any country
in the world paralyze itself by attempting to
cancel its debt in one generation. The nation
which does so, in the hope of saving its poster-
ity, must be careful lest it die and leave no
heir.
But who are the two hundred and seventy-
four thousand persons who pay this tax? One
hundred and seven thousand nine hundred
and ninety-seven of them pay twenty dollars
and less. 'They most certainly cannot be classed
as rich, for the impositions of the law are equally
onerous upon them. We have very few drones
in the American hive. First, of those who do
not labor many are widowed and old, who can
illy afford the loss. Next, " the employed," who
pay a large portion of this tax, live chiefly upon
salaries, and, as tho chairman [Mr. Schenck]
admitted the other day, it is most oppressive
and unfair to them, as it is toward those work -
ingmen whose industry and thrift enables them
to earn more than a thousand dollars a year.
The balance are the employers, merchants, man-
ufacturers, business men.
When we took off the five percent, tax from
manufactures it was not in the interest of the
wealthy, but to revive industry; and it accom-
plished that result. I know one factory in my
district which raised wages and nearly doubled
its men when wo passed that measure, and
generally the employers were enabled by it to
keep their employ6s—men, women, and chil-
dren—at work, and at good wages. In this
country the interests of employer and em-
ployed are identical. Industry, trade, and
labor will be benefited by taking off this tax.
My colleague from the Chester district [Mr.
Townsexd] says this cry has not reached the
country. Of course not. The fanners pay
very little of this tax. Their living comes out
of the land, and, after deducting allowances,
tl#y seldom make more than the $1,000 which
are exempt. In the towns the people cannot
deduct the cost of living. The large cities
contribute the great portion of the tax. The
States of New York, Pennsylvania, and Mas-
sachusetts pay half of it.
New York IS,198,494 55
Pennsylvania     
Massachusetts 2,013,123 17
Pennsylvania pays more income tax than
Illinois, "Michigan, Indiana, Iowa, and New
Hampshire combined, and I will add Minne-
sota, one of whose members [Mr-Wilson] has
just declared for the tax. The Representatives
from those States should bear this fact in mind
before they vote to place it again on the stat-
ute-book. This revenue was first demanded
as a necessary measure arising from the war.
Then, in 1864, we added a special income tax
of five per cent., for oueyear only, to raise the
twenty million for bounties under the enroll-
ment. In the same year we increased the original
income tax from three to five per cent, and de-
clared it should last until 1870 " and no longer."
When tho war closed we continued it from year
to year with the same notice of the time of
its expiration ; and it is fair to assume even
this would not have been done except to meet
the extra bounties we gave in 1866, most of
which are now paid. The reason for the law
has ceased. We can dispense with thisrevenue.
as I have shown. Let us then lift the burdens
from the people. „
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to amend
on page 78, line fourteen, after the word " fam-
ily," to insert the words, "not to exceed
$500," so the sentence will read, "the amount
paid for the rent, of the house or premises occu-
pied as a residence for himself or his family,
not to exceed $500." As the law now stands,
and as the bill proposes to continue it, the
entire house rent which a man pays, no matter
how extravagant it may be, is deducted and he
pays no tax on that portion of his income. I
believe that to be against every just principle
of taxation. If a man desires to live in a pala-
tial residence, and to pay an enormous rent
for such a residence, he devotes that portion
of his income to the enjoyment of a luxury on
which he ought to be taxed just as much as
upon every other expenditure. House exemp-
tions, or rather house-rent exemptions, should
be in some proportion to money exemptions.
In other words, exemption should be limited
to the amount which will procure a modest
home for a man of small means. What is above
that is a luxury, and ought to be taxed. I pro-
pose in my amendment to make the limit §500.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to the income tax in
general I desire to say that while I am in favor
of its modification I entirely protest against
its total abolition. It has been alleged upon
this floor that all the Representatives from the
large cities are in favor of the total abolition
of the income tax. That is not so in my case ;
and I believe I can safely aver that the majority
of the citizens of St. Louis, of which I have the
honor to be in part the Representative on this
floor, white they desire a reduction of this tax,
a modification of it, do not insist or demand
that it should be entirely abolished. At all
events, among all the petitions and numberless
letters and communications which I have re-
ceived during this session of Congress I do not
remember receiving a single one making such
a demand. While we have a war debt pressing
upon us we must necessarily levy onerous wax*
taxes, and among them this is the only one
upon our statute-book which does not trench
upon the necessities of life. Whatever its
defects may be, if is certainly true that it is the
only tax which in some measure compels people
to contribute vei'y nearly in proportion to their
pecuniary ability. It is a tax which does not
enter the door of tho needy, and it is a tax
which in some measure balances the burdens
of the tariff, which taxes everything a man
