1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4973
peaceful Indian communities. When this sys-
tem becomes generally prevalent it will cease
to be expensive, for the Indians will have
become self-supporting.
I think it is one of the best auguries of the
times that the religious world is taking an
interest in this Indian question. It is strange,
it is a pity, that the sympathy now awakened
has so long slept. I believe, however, it has
been awaiting its opportunity, and that the
first opportunity has just been given by those
in power. If there is any reproach it is that
an opportunity has not been before demanded
in tones not to be disregarded. "With some
exceptions, also, the press have demanded that
justice and mercy be extended to the Indians.
The day is past when the public will believe
that all the wrong is by the Indian in the fre-
quent conflicts and brawls on the border. I
know the Indian is sometimes cruel and sav-
age ; that he sometimes in wantonness, and
sometimes in anger, does deeds of deviltry
that sting the ears to hear. In Arizona he has
nearly taken possession of the Territory by
cruel and relentless war. I know that he is
an uncomfortable neighbor in his savage state,
and that even among the partially civilized his
passions or his tastes are apt to crop out in
deeds of blood and perhaps of treachery. But
yet civilization ejects from its bosom many
men who take to the border, who are a terror
alike to the decent pioneer and a scourge to the
Indian ; devils of crimes as malicious and cruel
as ever Indian committed, who make of every
Indian, friend or foe, a target, and give occa-
sion for many of the outbreaks that bring re-
proach and vengeance on the Indian. If one
Indian does a wrong, another or several other
innocent ones are killed for it!
Then, in some cases our military have taken
the false witness of worthless knaves against
Indians, and they have massacred whole vil-
lages of men, women, and children for a lie.
The Indians revolt against our military posts,
and allege that they only lead to quarrels, the
debauching of their women, the drunkenness
of their braves, the demoralization and oppres-
sion of their people. There must be some
truth in these constant complaints. Then, con-
sider the hard bargains we have constantly
driven with these Indians; our purchase of
their lands in the most fertile spots of Amer-
ica for a song; the payment to them so often
in rotten goods of the pittance promised; their
banishment to sterile lands, where their only
resource is the hunt for disappearing game;
and finally our refusal, necessitated by the
highest call for self-preservation, to allow them
the use of their best hunting grounds.
As a people we have been hard and selfish
with these barbarous neighbors ever since we
seized their continent. Much of our dealings
with them has arisen from the necessity of the
case or from thoughtlessness, but the result
has been the same as if premeditated—the
murder of a people. They have resisted at
many steps of the progress, sometimes with
the energy of despair, sometimes with the
malice ot revenge. Some of them still fight
ns with such weapons of cunning or force as
are left to them. It is a hopeless fight, and
they know it; but who goes to the wall without
a struggle? I believe that if the Indians had
the means of subsistence, and knew that they
could rely on the good faith of our Govern-
ment and be safe from injury and insult of
base white men, there would never ho another
Indian war on the continent, and the cases of
Indian crime would be rare. I may, perhaps,
except Arizona, where the Indian expects to
expel the white man, and has never been
taught his'power, numbers, and resources.
1 do not believe that the way to keep peace
with the Indians is to ratify the absurd treaties
of the summer of 1867. The real way is to
provide l'or their present wants with decent
liberality, and induce them, if possible, to
change their nomadic habits into more settled
ones, giving them the means so to do. That
is less expensive than war by far, and it is
just, honorable, and humane. But do not let
us throw away money on so-called treaties that
the Indians reject as frauds, and which are not
only^ unsatisfactory to them, but absurd and
irrational.
With the details of the Senate amendments
I propose to deal under the five-minutes de-
bate. Some ofthetn are provided for in the
miscellaneous bill which we passed yesterday,
and may be stricken from this bill. I think
the Indian service of the next fiscal year can
be amply provided for, and yet from one to
two millions be saved from the Senate bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The lime allowed for gen-
eral debate has expired.
Mx-. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. ROOTS. Oil, no ; lot us finish this bill
to-night.
coinage.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 trust the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] will waive for one
moment his motion to adjourn, that I may offer
for reference to the Committee on Printing the
following resolution:
Besolved, That five hundred copies of the letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury of the 25th instant,
transmitting a report of the Deputy Comptroller of
the Currency, with accompanying correspondence,
relative to the Mint coinage of the United States, bo
printed for the uso of the Treasury Department.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received ; and was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
message ek05i tug president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Horace Poktek,
one of his Secretaries, notifying the House that
he had approved and signed bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles :
An act (II. 11. No. 572) to amend an act
incorporating the National Junction Railway
Company;
An act (H. It. No. 20-14) declaring the bridge
between Camden and Philadelphia a post route;
An act (II. B. No. 2221) making the 1st day
of January, the 25th day of December, the
4th of July, and Thanksgiving day holidays
within the District Of Columbia ;
A joint resolution (H. 11. No. 8G) concern-
ing the Southern Paeilic railroad of California ;
A joint resolution (II. 11. No. 302) donating
condemned ordnance for a soldiers' monument
at Poughkeepsie, New York ; and
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 306) to amend
act of July 28, 18G0.
iiussaom i'lum tii:; fesatc.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Simpson", one of its clerks, notifying tho
House that that body had passed a bill (H. It.
No. 22-11) for the relief of the heirs of William
Eddy, deceased, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate agreed to the conference asked for on
the part of the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. 11. No. 1G0-1)
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending Juno 30, 1871, and for other
purposes, and had appointed as managers of
said conference on its part Mr. Moruiiu, of
Maine, Mr. Sumner, and Mr. Cole.
It further announced that the Senate agreed
to the conference asked for on the part of the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. It. No. 1714) to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
to patents and copyrights, and had appointed
as managers of said conference on its part Mr.
Willey, Mr. CAKrEXTER, and Mr. Hamilton
of Maryland.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed an act (S. No. 930) for the
relief of Joseph S. Finch & Co., of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
leave ou absence.
Mr. BOWEN obtained leave of absence for
ten days.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. TANNER obtained leave to withdraw
from the files of the House, for reference to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, the peti-
tion of Emily McClure.
Mr. STOKES obtained leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers of Mrs.
Jane A. Jackson, for reference to the Court of
Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN obtained leave to withdraw
from the Committee of Claims the papers of
Thomas P. Bowler.
The motion of Mr. Benjamin was then
agreed to; and (at four o'clock and fifty min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: A petition of
citizens of Louisiana and Texas, for an appro-
priation to remove obstructions to navigation
on lied river.
By Mr. FERRISS: The petition of B. Maille-
fert, of New York, asking payment for services
rendered iu deepening the channel of East
river at Hell Gate.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A memorial of mates
in tho United States Navy, asking that they
may have the same pay as boatswains and gun-
ners.
By Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana: The peti-
tion of Governor Warmoth and 1,000 others,
citizens of Louisiana and Texas, praying for
an appropriation for the improvement of the
Red river in Louisiana and Texas.
By Mr. SWANN : The petition of James
Simons, surgeon and brevet colonel United
States Army, praying compensation for prop-
erty taken by the Army.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 29, 1870.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of the city of
Cincinnati, urging with very strong reason and
som ewhat at length the appropriation of the full
amount asked for by General Weitzellto com-
plete the work at the Louisville falls. I earn-
estly beg the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce to the facts stated in
this memorial in regard to the Louisville canal.
1 move its reference to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present the memorial
of the International Ocean Telegraph Com-
pany, in answer to certain charges preferred
in the memorial of theFlorida Telegraph Com-
pany presented here on the 24th of this month,
praying to be allowed the privilege of laying
a submarine cable from the coast of Florida
to the Wrest Iudia islands. It is quite full iu
respect to those charges, and as that memo-
rial was ordered to be printed by the Senate,
I move that this memorial be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Louis Sonntag, late a private in the third New
J ersey cavalry, praying to be allowed bounty;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
