1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1197
mittee on Mileage, on which I have the honor
to sit. That committee has not much to do,
and I think it will find time to make a serious
and substantial report upon this question. I
hope to present to this House from that com-
mittee a bill either for the abolition or for
the reform of the mileage system, and gentle-
men will then have an opportunity to give a
clear and unmistakable vote when the yeas and
nays are called upon this proposition. In my
judgment, this is a reform which is needed. I
hold in my hand a list of the payments for
mileage to the members of the present House.
The mileage paid to members ranges from
twenty-eight dollars to over seventeen hundred
dollars. There is something wrong here which
ought to be remedied, but I do not think that
the consideration of this bill affords a proper
place or a proper occasion to remedy it. I
shall be happy, however, to see any indication
of some sentiment on the part of this House
upon this question.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentleman
from Illinois X^r. Ingersoll] for three min-
utes, and to the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] the rest of the five minutes, and I
will then desire the committee to rise, with a
view to closing the debate on the pending
paragraph.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr.Chairman, Idesireto
have my own position understood with regard to
this question. Very early in the session a prop-
osition was introduced to abolish the franking
privilege. For what purpose ? That the ex-
penses of the Government might be reduced.
It was an economical measure, and over one
hundred members, I believe, voted for it. So
far so good. Now we come to the appropria-
tion bill, and we are told by the committee
that they propose to reduce the expenses of
this Government.
The people are demanding a reduction of
the expenses of administration of this Govern-
ment. Very well; in carrying out that idea
Congress commences in this appropriation bill
with cutting down the amounts allowed to the
officers who receive small salaries. They are
beginning, I would suggest, at the wrong end.
If we are to bring about an economical admin-
istration of affairs, is it not more manly to begin
at the other end—to begin with the body in
which the power is vested to regulate the sal-
aries of all the officers of the Government?
This is no small matter, as some of the gen-
tlemen who have spoken to-day would try to
make it appear. It is a question of $500,000
a year, and we have debated, day in and day
out, propositions which do not involve $25,000
a year, as if they were measures of great, im-
portance in connection with a reform in the
financial administration of the Government.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I decline to yield. In
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, in the year 1866, as
has been stated by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks,] a proposition was made
with regard to an increase of the salaries of the
members of Congress, and the result was that
there was an increase made of $2,000. That in-
crease was warranted by the condition of the
country at that time. There was no such scarcity
of'money then as now; no such thing as charging
fifteen and twenty per cent, interest per annum
on money all over the country then as now. And
it was recognized by the people as being a just
act on the part of Congress. I believe no man
was defeated subsequently at the polls because
he voted for an increase of salary in 1866.
But now we propose to make a reform in this
respect. And why ? Because the necessities
of the country demand it. If you want to show
an honest, manly disposition to economize, cut
down your own pay first.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. BECK. I desire the Clerk to read the
seventeenth section of the law, which I send to
the desk, to show that we cannot, without vio-
lating existing law, stop the payment of mile-
age.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Sec. 17. And be it further enacted. That the com-
pensation of each Senator,Representative, and Dele-
gate in Congress shall bo S5,000 per annum, to be com-
puted from the first day of the present Congress, and
in addition thereto mileage lit the rate of twenty
cents per mile, to be estimated by the nearest routo
usually traveled in .going to and returning from each
regular session."
Mr. BECK. That is the law as it now
stands, and this is an attempt to set aside an
existing law which you cannot do in this mode.
If you wish to change the law you must intro-
duce a bill for that purpose into the House for
consideration. I ask the gentlemen on the
other side, who voted yesterday evening without
objection for the appropriation for the pay and
mileage of Senators, why they did not think of
this then ? Are Senators more entitled to mile-
| age than Representatives?
i Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I know
j the gentleman does not wish to do me injus-
] tice. I was not here when that was passed,
j Mr. BECK. I spoke of gentlemen on the
j other side. I did not allude to any one in
particular. But you did yesterday pass with-
out objection the provision for the mileage of
; Senators. You have not asked to have the
i law which allows mileage repealed, and so long
as that law remains unrepealed the Committee
on Appropriations'is bound to make the appro-
priation in accordance with existing law. That
is all they have done, and all this clamor to
gain a cheap reputation for economy comes in
at the wrong time, for gentlemen are presumed
to know what the law is.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I renew the amendment. I
regret to see a subject that ought to be consid-
ered with seriousness because of its import-
ance turned off in the manner in which this is
attempted to be done. We are told by gen-
tlemen of the Opposition, who are filling this
Hall with denunciations of the Administration
because of its demands for public money, that
this amendment is a mere matter of "candle-
ends." Sir, this amendment will save to the
people of the United States not less than
$300,000 per annum; I mean by the abolition
of mileage only.
I am opposed to the continuation of this par
of our pay for several reasons. The first is
its gross inequality. There are members on
this floor who for mileage alone draw at each
session $1,700. What does it cost those gen-
tlemen to come to and go from this capital?
A tithe of that sum will pay every dollar of
their expenses. Why should those gentlemen
have this unequal compensation? Can any
man give a reason for it? Why should those
whp live nearer the capital be paid less than
those who live at a distance?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman asks for
a reason. Will he let me give one ?
Mr. DAVIS. I decline to be questioned.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman asked
for a reason, and I desired to give him one.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not call for a reason from
the gentleman. I call upon the whole House
to give a reason for this swindle upon the public
Treasury.
Sir, in my judgment economy, like charity,
should begin at home. The man who preaches
economy on this floor and then for the purpose
of filling his pockets with '' candle-ends'' is
willing to take this mileage ought not to face
an honest constituency without giving a more
honest reason than gentlemen have given. I
now yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Townsend.]
Mr. TOWNSEND. Mr. Chairman, it seems
to me that this is a discussion pretty much
addressed to buncombe, for I do not believe
there are a dozen men in this Hall who in their
own hearts believe that the amount of compens-
ation allotted to them is more than they fairly
earn. I teel myself that this attempt to cut
down the pay of members of Congress is not an
honest one. I feel very well satisfied that there
is not an enlightened constituency throughout
the country that will not feel well satisfied to
pay to its Representative the amount of com-
pensation that he now enjoys.
With regard to my own constituency they
have already decided that question. When I
was before them for election in the fall of 1868
that point was brought in issue all over my
district. My opponent met me upon the stump
on several different occasions, and offered to
the people of my district to come here for eight
dollars a day, saying that he thought that was
ample pay. He desired me to make the same
offer ; but I declined to come here for less than
the compensation now given to members of
Congress. My constituents declined to take
my opponent at eight dollars per day, and sent
me here by more than three thousand majority.
They have decided the question, as far as my
vote can go ; and I feel instructed by them that
my services are worth to them $5,000 a year,
and that I shall vote to give that amount to
each member of Congress, which I intend to do.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire merely to call the
attention of this committee, in the discussion
of this point, to the'proposition in reference
to salaries. I am myself in favor of voting
for the provision as it now stands in the bill,
believing, with the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] that we cannot repeal existing
law by any such proposition as has been sub-
mitted here. I am in favor of this provision
on that ground.
I am also in favor of it on another ground.
I do not believe members of Congress are now
paid more than their services are worth, even
including mileage, which is arranged according
to the distance traveled; that mileage cannot
be equalized any nearer than it is now unless we
locate the capital in the center of the country.
Now, in regard to the idea that sometimes
arises here, that we must be so economical as
to commence war upon ourselves, let me say
to my colleague [Mr. Ingersoll] and other
members here, that this constant war made
upon Congress by members of Congress is the
very thing to induce people to believe that
Congressmen are receiving more salary than
their services are worth. Why not make war
upon salaries that do amount to something ?
The people are now taxed to pay salaries that
are not justified by the services rendered the
country for them. There are salaries paid to
officers in this country who do not perform one
third of the labor we' perform, and yet who
are paid three times the salaries that are paid
to members of Congress. Why not make war
upon high salaries somewhere else, and not
confine the attack to our own alone?
We have had a warfare made here upon the
franking privilege. Members of the Repub-
lican party have voted here, in accordance with
the dictates of certain gentlemen who are in
favor of abolishing the franking privilege,
though it is the only ready means of communi-
cation we have with our constituents. The next
warfare is made upon our salaries. Why? Be-
cause we receive more than we are entitled to for
our services? No, sir; we do not receivetoo
much, because we are the direct representatives
of the people; we are the means of communica-
tion between the people and the heads of Depart-
ments here. But as the people hear from them
more often than they do from ns in regard to
some things, hence the necessity of making a
warfare upon Congress.
Sir, it becomes us to stand upon our rights,
to have dignity enough in reference to our posi-
tion to say that we are worth what is given to
us for our services. If any man thinks he is
not worth the amount he receives, then let him
take the amount that he thinks he is worth.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
