184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Holman.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
When I saw my colleague risingto propound
to me that question, Mr. Chairman, the idea
struck me how natural it is even for the willing
exile from his early home to cling to tjie mem-
ories of his youth and to comply with the de-
mands of the people from whom he sprung,
even when those demands were opposed to the
interests of the people among whom he now
lives. My colleague always seems to imagine
that he represents a district in Massachusetts
instead of an Ohio district, and I can only ac-
count for this forgetfulness of Ohio, for this
devotion to Massachusetts at the cost of Ohio,
by remembering the fact that the birthplace of
my colleague was in Massachusetts. But while
tho exile or colonist is thus devoted to the
home of his birth, how is it with the mother
country? How does she deal with tho colon-
ists, her children? While, with a yearning
heart, the exile turns to the land of his birth,
tho people he left behind, if they remember
him at all, do so with indifference, or from a
desire to make use of the exile's devotion for
tlieir own advantage.
Such was tho history of Tyro and Carthage
in olden times ; suelx was the history of the
American Colonies and Great Britain; such
is the nature of man. I thank the gentleman
for his question. I appeal to him, and I ap-
pea>l to every gentleman who comes here nom-
inally as a Representative from tha West, but
who votes New England interests against the
interests of the West, to represent in fact as
well as in name the people among whom they
live. I call upon my eloquent colleague from
Ohio to stand by mo in resisting this tribute
which is imposed upon his constituents and
upon mine for the benefit of New England
monopolists.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to
say a word ?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes; if it is not on tea or
sugar.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is not on tea
nor sugar; it is on parentage. If I could have
the place of my birth to choose now 1 sup-
pose J should choose Ohio, aud next to that I
think I should choose Massachusetts. Unfor-
tunately for my friend's eloquent passage I
am not a son of New England. 1 was born
within twenty miles of the plaeo where I now
reside, and I suppose my neighbors from the
place of my birth to the place of my present
residence could call to each other all along
the Hue. J am not, a renegade from New Eng-
land nor a carpet-bagger. I believe my friend
was bom in a pig-iron district in Pennsylva-
nia. } Laughter. J
Mr. MORGAN. I thank God 1 was. lam
proud of my native, I love my adopted State.
Mr. (i AKFIULI), of Ohio. ITe was entirely
mistaken as to my birthplace. 1 have no doubt
he fairly represents in his speech here to-night
his Democratic constituency.
Mr. MORGAN. Well, 1 am glad to be cor-
rected. It is not remarkable, however, that I
should suppose the gentleman belonged to
Massachusetts. _ I never heard so, but when 1
always found him foremost in the fray battling
lor the interests of Massachusetts, always in
the lead battling against the interests of Ohio,
( could only suppose that it was because Mas-
sachusetts had given him birth. [Laughter.]
Now, if the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoab] desires to propound a
question to me, I am at his service.
Mr. HOAR. The question I desire to ask
the gentleman relates to a portion of his speech,
which perhaps may have been forgotten by
him. I desired to ask him whether he did not
Know that it is true as a matter of history that
the legislation which it is complained has
operated tor the benefitof New England against
the rest of the country was forced upon her
against her remonstrance by the South ; that
whatever we:>ith shs has gained has been by
changing lier industries and accommodating
them to hostile legislation which other sec-
tions of the country imposed upon her? And
whether it is not true, both of her tariff advan-
tages, whatever they have been, and the bank-
ing facilities, which it is said she at present
enjoys to a larger extent than the rest of the
country, that both of those measures came
from other sections of the country, destroying
the existing institutions of New England and
compelling her to accommodate lier industries
and energies to that legislation ?
Mr. MORGAN. If, Mr. Chairman, the
South committed that mistake it was not the
only mistake she has committed. But of the
far-off past I have not time to speak. I am
talking of the actual grievances of the present.
If the South forced upon New England this
evil of which we complain by just laws the
West will aid New England in getting rid of it.
But it is a little remarkable, sir, that the Rep-
resentatives from New England should have
struggled for half a century to preserve the sys-
tem which the gentleman says was forced upon
her against her will.
Mr. HOAR. If the gentleman will pardon
rae, I think he said ten minutes ago that this
legislation had been brought about by the
shrewdness and craft of New England, out-
witting the rest of the country, and it was in
that view I asked him if he did not know that
historical fact.
Mr. MORGAN. It is of but little conse-
quence to tho country, Mr. Chairman, to dis-
cuss the question as to who originally afflicted
the people with the odious system which now
forces them to pay tribute to the Now England
monopolists. I have said, and say again, that
that and other schemes of kindred evil aro per-
petuated by the shrewdness and avarice of the
New England monopolists. Time will not per-
mit me to trace in its details the history of the
tariff contests in this country. Certain it is
that New England has been the gainer and the
West and South have been the losers by what
is known as the protective system. I eare not
to weave or unweave fanciful theories. Tho
question is a practical one, and as such it should
be dealt with. And I repeat what I have
before said, that with a vigilance which never
slumbers, with a shrewdness which never mis-
calculates, with an avarice which is never sat-
isfied, the monopolists of New England have
fastened themselves like leeches upon the heart
of the nation, and they are now drinking its
life blood.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. W. S. HOLMAN,
ov INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 23, 1870.
The IIouso being in the Committee of tha Whole,
and having under consideration the bill (II. It. No,
1003) to arnond existing laws relating to tho duty on
imports, and for other purposes-
Mr. HOLMAN said:
Mr. Chairman ; I do not propose to enter
into a general discussion of the tariff or to con-
sider those general principles which lie at the
foundation of a just revenue system. At this
time and in our country the comparative merits
of free trade and the protective policy is not
a debatable question. Considering our vast
facilities for commerce, the variety of our
climate and productions, that question might
and probably would challenge at this time, in
view of the policy of other nations, universal
attention if our people were free to choose be-
tween free trade and protection.
But, with our great national debt taxing the
energy of the nation to_its utmost capacity,
with the necessity of raising, under even an
economical administration of the Government,
near $220,000,000 annually, and with the esti
mates before us of $331,097,825 62 of expend-
iture fortlie ensuingyear, free trade isin the very
nature of things impossible; and where taxation
must be necessarily oppressive there are strong
arguments in favor of raising large portions of
the revenue of the country by the imposition
of duties upon foreign importations as against
internal taxation. The raising of revenue by
duties on imports is more economical and less
exposed to fraud and less harassing to the cit-
izen than the direct tax. He is not provoked by
the presence of the tax-gatherer, nor humiliated
by persistent inquisition into his private sjffttirs.
He may in some degree purchase or he may
not purchase the taxed commodity, and thus
the tax is not only indirect, but its payment, at
least in some degree, is voluntary. He is only
compelled to pay the tax when it is imposed
upon the actual necessaries of life; he may
refuse to pay the tax on luxuries if he chooses.
Under a fairly adjusted tariff it is certainly
possible in this country to impose the burdens
of government largely upon articles that are
not of prime necessity or of universal consump-
tion—articles of luxury if you please—articles
with which manycitizens may dispense, which
in any event they may purchase or not as their
circumstances or tastes may suggest.
Prior to the war the $50,000,000 or $60,000,-
000 required for the Government and levied
upon goods imported from abroad, and largely
imposed on luxuries, was scarcely felt. The
tariff was a matter of political science prac-
tically, and happily to the great mass of the
American people a mere abstraction. But
now, with at least $120,000,000 to be raised by
duties, with capital constantly and persistently
and cunningly seeking to make the levy of
duties subserve a still heavier tax on labor for
its own special benefit by monopoly, coupled
with oppressive internal taxation, the tariff in
ail of its details challenges the severest scrutiny
of every citizen, for the tendency in all such
legislation is to reach labor and relieve capital,
for capital and monopoly by thousands of
agents everlastingly throng your lobbies, while
labor has no combined organization vigilant for
its rights.
But while there are the arguments I have
named, and undoubtedly many others which
the writers on political economy have consid-
ered, in favor of a tariff for revenue, there is
at the same time a strong argument, apparently
an unanswerable one, against the Government
providing for its support by duties on import-
ations, especially where the duties are imposed
on the common necessaries of life; and that
is, that where the tariff is so arranged as that
the duty shall fell equally upon ail commod-
ities, as was substantially the case, I think,
under the tariff of 1846, or to fall especially
or mainly upon the necessaries of life or upon
the articles of universal consumption, as in
the present tariff, the citizen does not pay in
proportion to his wealth : does not pay a ta.v
bearing any relation to his wealth, but pays a
tax proportioned to the necessities of himself
and family in the consumption of the taxed
commodities. In this respect, sir, the tariff
is the most inequitable of all modes of taxa-
tion. Property is the legitimate and, perhaps,
the only legitimate subject of taxation. Polit-
ical society is mainly employed in protecting
the rights incident to property, and in a repub-
lic, at least, the burden of supporting the
Government should fall upon property, upon
the citizen in proportion to his wealth.
Under tho present tariff or the tariff pro-
posed by the pending bill the citizen is not
called upon to support the Government accord-
ing to his estate, or even according to his ex-
penditures in proportion to his estate, but tha
