2142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
iug the assertions of the gentleman who made
the minority report, the Committee on Mines
and Mining would report favorably upon it.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until to-morrow.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the amendment of the
House to the bill of the Senate No. 441, pre-
scribing the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury iu certain cases therein named.
The message furtherinformed theHousethat
the Senate had passed without amendment a
joint resolution of the House, No. 151, in re-
lation to the construction of the Bock Island
bridge.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had passed bills and a joint reso-
lution, in which the concurrence of the House
was request^, of the following titles:
A bill (S. No. 527) for the relief of William
F. Scott, late adjutant of the fourth Iowa
cavalry volunteers ;
A bill (S. No. 666) to compensate Mrs. Fan-
nie Kelly for important services; and
_A joint resolution (S. R. No. 154) author-
izing the Secretary of State to adjust certain
claims, and directing the payment thereof.
order of business.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker——
TheSPEAICER. The first business inorder
to-day after the morning hour is the bill in aid
of the execution of the laws in the Territory
of Utah, and for other purposes, and upon that
bill the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wakd]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask a par-
liamentary question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
_ Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order at this
time for me to move to go to business upon
the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make that
motion as soon as it may be in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will it be in order for me
now to move to suspend the rules and go into
Committee of the Whole upon the special
order?
The SPEAKER. On the 1st day of March
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cullom,] the
chairman of the Committee on the Territories,
submitted a resolution, which the Clerk will
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Mewlved, That the rules and orders of the House
be so suspended that House bill No. 1089, in aid of
the execution of the laws in the Territory of Utah,
nnd for other purposes, bo thespecial order for Tues-
day, the 15th day of March next, after the morning
hour, and from day to day until disposed of."
The SPEAKER. The resolution was sub-
sequently modified by substituting the "22d
day of March" for the "15th day of March,"
and as so modified the resolution was adopted
by unanimous consent. Members will observe
that it is not merely for a suspension of the
rules, but for the suspensiou of " the rules and
orders of the House." It, therefore, sets aside
all previous orders and all conflicting appoint-
ments of the House. Had it been merely a
suspension of the rules for the purpose of mak-
ing a special order, then, in the judgment of
the Chair, it would be competent for the House
to set it aside, the Chair recognizing some
member to make that motion. The Chair now
recognizes thegentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ward,] a member of the Committee on the
Territories, as entitled to the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot the House
postpone this special order?
The SPEAKER. It can if the gentleman
from New York shall yield for such a motion.
The Chair now is ruling only upon the question
that has come up.
Mr. INGERSOLL. But for the resolution
just read by the Clerk it would be in order for
me to move to go to business upon the Speaker's
table ?
The SPEAKER. But for that resolution
such a motion would be in order.
polygamy in utah.
The House then resumed the consideration
of a bill reported from the Committee on the
Territories (H. R. No. 1089) in aid of the execu-
tion of the laws in the Territory of Utah, and
for other purposes.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, havinghad some-
thing to do with framing this measure as a
member of the Committee on the Territories,
and as it has been assailed upon the floor of
this House, it is perhaps proper that I should
say something in its defense. Before doing
so permit me to say that the Committee on
the Territories felt that they could not ignore
the subject-matter of this bill. The condition
of affairs in the Territory of Utah, the long
neglect of the General Government to enforce
its laws, and the moral sense of the nation
demanded that the committee should take this
subject into serious consideration, and to sub-
mit, if possible, some measure for the action of
the House that would enable Congress to blot
out this Mormon iniquity, and to vindicate the
majesty of the laws of the Union. Now lam
gratified in being able to say that the Commit-
tee on the Territories have given earnest con-
sideration to this question. They have heard
parties representing all views of the question,
have deliberated carefully upon it, and have
unanimously presented the bill which is now
before the House.
We were aware that we were undertaking no
insignificant task ; that an attempt to tear down
an institution which has prospered for twenty
years in defiance of the laws of this country;
which had absorbed a large territory; which
had the control of a hundred thousand people;
which pays $1,000,000 to the so called Mor-
mon church ; which has its hoard of gold in
the Bank of England; which sends its mis-
sionaries abroad throughoutthe earth to gather
its proselytes from all the nations of the conti-
nent and from the islands of the sea; which
had stood iu the path of civilization for twenty
years past defying the progress of the times,
defying the instincts of humanity, defying the
enlightenment of the age and defying the laws
of the Republic—we were aware that an attempt
to tear down such an institution would not be
quietly submitted to.
We did not anticipate, sir, that any man
would have the hardihood to stand upon the
floor of this House, in this last half of the
nineteenth century, and have the effrontery in
the presence of a virtuous people to defend this
institution. We supposed that if the measure
should be assailed at all it would be attacked
by indirection; that people would complain
of the cost; that somebody would say the bill
was dictated by a religious enthusiasm ; that
somebody would say it would affect the Pacific
railroad ; that somebody would have constitu-
tional scruples and would say that the bill was
not constitutional; that there would be some
clap-trap or other by which the bill would be
attacked here and there, in the flank and in the
rear, everywhere except by meeting the bill
squarely. We anticipated all this; we expected
attacks in the newspapers ; we expected to
have distinguished gentlemen from all parts of
the country just happen in here to express their
views; we expected that the Pacific railroad
would take alarm ; we expected, indeed, that
the Bohemians of the press, influenced by con-
siderations which perhaps they best understand,
would attack members of the committee, as has
been done in a prominent Chicago paper. We
expected all this. Why, sir, here are a hun-
dred thousand people, with millions of treasure
placed by the dictates of religious fanaticism
in the hands of a single man, an unscrupulous
demagogue, upon whose skirts rest all the
crimes in the catalogue, from insignificant
stealing up to monstrous murder. All this
treasure and power are in the hands of this
Brigham chief; and we expected that he would
struggle desperately to maintain his empire.
We now propose to submit to the American
Congress the question whether this institution
shall longer continue; whether it shall ride
rough-shod over your laws ; whether it shall
defy yeur statutes; whether it shall continue to
increase, in violation of every law, human and
divine, or whether, in obedience to the dictates
of the age and the civilization of the times
and the common humanity of our people, you
are disposed now to take this monster by the
throat and crush it out.
We expect a vote upon that question and
we expect to put honorable gentlemen upon
the record. We do not expect that the bill is
to be killed by referring it to the Judiciary
Committee orany other committee. We expect
gentlemen to meet the question and decide
now and definitely whether polygamy is to be
sustained in the Territories of the Republic ;
because if that be so, then we must have it in
the other nine Territories, and we must make
it an initial principle in the organization of
our western States.
What is the origin of this institution ? Forty
years ago a vagabond, a drunkard, and a thief,
by the name of Joseph Smith, collected around
him in one of the towns of Seneca county, in
the western portion of the State of New York,
a crew of thirty people, and instituted what he
called the religion of the Latter-day Saints.
Those people were driven from western New
York and went to Ohio; and after establishing
there a wild-cat bank by which they swindled
innumerable people, they were driven out of
Ohio and went to Missouri. They were driven
out of Missouri and went to Illinois, where
also they were driven out. While in Illinois,
Joseph Smith and some of his elders, yielding
to their licentious and lustful natures, wgre
guilty of certain practices which were con-
demned, and in order to cover which Joseph
Smith received a revelation. That revelation
was that polygamy was lawful and proper, and
was a part of the Mormon creed. The good
people of Illinois, however, did not adopt that
theory, and these people were driven from that
State. During the operation Joseph and
Hiram Smith met a violent death. In the mean
time a young man named Brigham Young,
who had been hoeing corn and potatoes in
Livingston county, in the State of New York,
became exceedingly disgusted with that hon-
orable business, and one day threw down his
hoe with a terrible oath and swore that he
would join the Mormons. He went out and
did join them, and after the death of Joseph
Smith became their chief.
Brigham Young, being a man of excellent
virtue and high morals, fell in readily with the
proposition that polygamy was a part of the
religion of the Mormons and was received from
the high courts of heaven as a direct inspira-
tion to Joseph Smith. In order to perpetuate
this system, its votaries, after being driven out
of Illinois, went to a remote Territory, now
known as the Territory of Utah. Their history
since that time I need not relate. In 1847
there were four thousand of them. Now there
are over a hundred thousand. The Govern-
ment tampered with them; the Government
procrastinated. Away in that remote Terri-
tory they were permitted to thrive. Time wore
away and a President of the United States
whose history is linked in infamous memory
with the fugitive slave law, appointed Brigham
Young Governor of that Territory.
Brigham's conduct was such that it was seen
fit in time to remove him. In 1862 a law was
passed punishing polygamy in all the Terri-
tories. That law has never been enforced. It
could never be enforced, because it bad to be
enforced through courts and juries, and no
jury could be got in that Territory but what
was largely Mormon.
I say they increased in defiance of your law.
They broke up your courts. They murdered
