4974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
REPORTS 01' COMMITTEES.
Mr. IIOWE, from the C-omraittee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. II. No. 2250)
for the relief of John Wilson, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Claims,
to whom wag referred the memorial of H. S.
Hartogensis, of Baltimore, Maryland, praying
for the reissue of a five-twenty bond for $500,
of the issue of 1862, No. 2030, or such evidence
of the same as will enable the memorialist to
receive the interest and principal from Novem-
ber 1, 1866, have directed me to reportitback,
and ask to be discharged from its farther con-
sideration. The affidavit of the memorialist
is to the effect that a bond of the issue of 1862
for $500 was burned about the 1st of Febru-
ary, 18G6, together with the coupons attached
thereto, and he thinks it commenced with the
couponof November, 1866. Isaac Asher testi-
fies that he saw in the possession of the memo-
rialist a bond answering to the above descrip-
tion, and that the memorialist infoimed him
that the same was burned in 1806. The me-
morialist refers to gentlemen of substantial
character as to his integrity, and among them
his physician, who affirms that the memorialist
always bore a good character. On referring
the case to the Treasury Department, it is
f'outid that coupons have been paid for a bond
answering to the description which the memo-
rialist claims to have been burned with the
bond. The committee therefore beg to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
memorial, and I move that it be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 198) for the relief of Tinsley, Van Horn
& Co., Glenn, Overall & Clark, and J. N.
Henderson & Co., of Louisiana, Missouri,
reported it with an amendment.
WRITS OF EURO It IN COLORADO.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2111)
to amend an act entitled "An act amendatory
of the organic law of Colorado Territory, and
for other purposes," approved May 4, 1870,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment; and to ask for its immediate con-
sideration. It is a little bill authorizing writs
of error from the probate courts to the supreme
court of Colorado a matter which has been
unprovided for for two months, owing to an
imperfection in our legislation.
6y unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to amend the first
section of an act entitled "An act amendatory
of the organic law of Colorado Territory, and
for other purposes," approved May 4, 1870, so
that writs of error shall be allowed from any
decision of a probate court to the supreme court
of the Territory, in the same manner they were
allowed before the passage of the act to which
this is amendatory.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MINING CLAIMS.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to call up the
conference report, which was laid over yester-
day, on the bill (H. R. No. 526) to amend the
act granting the right of way to ditch and
canal owners over the public lands, and for
other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This report was
read in full yestetda,y, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been read, and we
may as well concur in it now.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the Senator from
Nevada to allow it to lie over until I can look
at it.
Mr. STEWART. Tf it is not disposed of
now, I am afraid I cannot get it up again.
Mr. DRAKE. A conference report is always
in order, and I hope the Senator from Nevada
will not insist on bringing up that matter at this
moment.
Mr. STEWART. If it is always in order I
certainly am not out of order in bringing it up
now.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not say that the Senator
is out of order ; but as a conference report has
an advantage over all other business I hope
he will not press it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that there is no rule of the Senate which
gives privilege to reports of conference com-
mittees, though they are generally received
and acted upon by common consent. There is
a rule in the other House on the subject, but
not in the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I want to dispose of it
this morning. The report is concurred in by
the committee, by all those who ever lived in
the mining regions, and there'Hs a great neces-
sity for the passage of the bill. It is a incus -
uie of the greatest importance to two hundred
thousand people.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This report was
submitted yesterday and ordered to be printed,
and notice given that it would be called up this
morning when reports of committees were
called.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will not object to acting on it now.
Mr. IIARLAN. It is a very unusual thing
in this body, when a Senator asks time to read
a bill, not to give it to him. I am surprised
at the honorable Senator from Nevada. If
his bill is right, it will go through. If anybody
thinks it is not right, lie ought to havoa.il oppor-
tunity to look into it.
Mr. STEWART. I do not know that any-
body docs think it is not right.
Mr. HARLAN. Let us have an opportunity
to read it.
Mr. STEWART. I think theSenator should
have read it before this.
Mr. DRAKE. Where is it?
Mr. STEWART. On your desk.
Mr. DRAKE. It is not on my desk.
Mr. STEWART. It ought to be. It is on
mine.
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot find it on mine.
Mr. HARLAN. It was ordered to be printed
yesterday, and according to the ordinary rou-
tine it would not be here until twelve o'clock
to-day.
Mr. STEWART. It is here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Nevada insists upon it, the report of the
conference committee is before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. The report can be read
through again at the desk, and then the Sen-
ator will understand it very easily. I do not
see the necessity for any unusual delay about
this bill. What I object to is being compelled
to be on the floor every morning about a bill
of this kind until the Senate becomes weary
with my importunities. That is the only ob-
jection I have to laying it over. If it is laid
over morning after morning, 1 shall be com-
pelled to be on the floor trying to call it up, and
then Senators will say, "You are on the floor
all the time although I get nothing done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Nevada does not insist upon it, reports
of committees are in order.
ENFOIICE3IKNT OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
additional copies of the act to enforce the rights
of citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of the Union, and for otherpur-
poses, have directed me to report it back with-
out amendment, and recommend its passage;
and I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following concurrent
resolution:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That twenty thousand extra, copies
of the act to enforce the right ot citizens ot _tber Uni-
ted States to vote in the several States ot this! union,
:incl for other purposes, be printed for the use ot tho
Senate.
The resolution was adopted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referied the joint resolution
(H. 11. No. 187) pioviding for publishing speci-
fications and drawings of the Patent Office,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment. This joint resolution is intended
to effect a very great economy in the public
printing. At the same time it is so marked p.
departure from the practice which has pre-
vailed that the coinmit.tee do not feel that they
ought to trespass on the indulgence of the Sen-
ate and ask for its present consideration, as it
will require some little explanation. There
are two or three other bills of a good deal of
consequence, some of them involving a very
considerable expenditure of money, that the
Committee on Printing have been endeavoring
to get considered for some time, and I ask the
indulgence of the Senate to set apart an hour
or two for their consideration. I think an
hour, perhaps half an hour may be enough ;
but 1 want some fixed time assigned for busi-
ness coming from the CommiLtee on Printing,
during which time I wish to dispose of this
joint resolution and some others. I will ask
for this evening, if that be satisfactory to Sen-
ators, or anv other evening; I do not caie
when it, is. I will ask that this evening be set
aside for ihat, purpose.
The VICE" PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Arkansas [Mr. McDoxald] has a resolu-
tion on the Calendar of resolutions assigning
tins evening for the consideration of the bill
I relating to the Oriental Steamship Company.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I will ask that the
beginning of the next evening whsn wo sit be
set, apart for the business of the Committee on
Pri n ting.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator h-*s very
little business from his committee, and we can
take it up in the morning hour any morning.
We always pass his resolutions without objec-
tion.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is not quite so.
The Senate are very indulgent to the Com-
mittee on Printing; but it is because the com-
mittee never presume to trespass upon the
Senate and ask for the present consideration
of any business unless it is that class of busi-
ness which will be much more expensive if
there is any delay.
Mr. POMEROY. There is never any diffi-
culty about the Senator's reports.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 will ask that we may
have this evening after the business in charge
of the Senator from Arkansas is disposed ot.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has not yet
been ordered. The resolution still lies over.
Mr. McDONALD. I ask that Ihat order be
made now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas and the Senator from Rhode Island
ask that this evening Vie set apart for the con-
sideration of the Oriental Steamship Company
bill and reports from the Committee on Print-
ing. Is there objection?
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like further to
amend that by adding the Diiluth harbor bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let us take the question
first on ill is, and then the Senator can make
his motion afterward.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have the motion
of the Senator from Arkansas amended by
adding, "and kindred bills relating to the same
subject."
i| Mr. ANTHONY. Let us take one thing at
|| a time. Let us adopt the order in regard to
l! the bill of the Senator fiom Arkansas and
reports from (he Committee on Printing. -
!| ilr. COLE. The bill of the Senator from
li Arkansas will come up first, of course.
