3086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
picked, ginned, and baled a considerable quantity
of cotton under the contract, Mr. Wagley assigned
his interest in the contract to Mr. 0. N. Cutler, the
claimant in this case, then a citizen of Hannibal,
Missouri, who thereafter prosecuted the work, and
a large amount of cotton was delivered under the
contract at Lake Providence and there divided, an
officer of the Government taking charge of the one
half belonging to the Government and assigning to
said Cutler the other half.
While this cotton was lying at Lake Providence
awaiting transportation to Memphis General Grant
required transportation for his army across the Mis-
sissippi river, below Vicksburg. To furnish this it
was necessary to run steamboats through the block-
ade at Vicksburg. To run this blockade it was ne-
cessary to so furnish the boats as to protect, as far as
possible, their machinery from destruction by the
enemy's fire; and by General Grant's order his quar-
termaster took Cutler's cotton and with it equipped
the steamer Tigress to run the blockade. The Tigress
and her equipment of cotton were lost on the voyage.
The amount of claimant's cotton so taken and used
is shown by Captain B. P. Reno, assistant quarter-
master, the officer who seized it under General
Grant's order, to have been two hundred and sixty-
eight bales.
The weight of the bales is not clearly proven. The
cl aimant states his acoount as two hundred and sixty-
eight bales, weighing one hundred and thirteen thou-
sand and nine hundred pounds, being four hundred
and twenty-five pounds to the bale, and he puts it at
twenty-five cents per pound, amounting to $62,645.
The original contractor, Wagley, was a citizen of
Illinois, employed in this enterprise under the in-
ducement held out by our authorities, and the cotton
was the price paid for his labor and risks. The claim-
ant and assignee was then a loyal citizen of Hannibal,
Missouri, took the contract off Wagley's hands, and
completed the Work.
The Government employed them to do the work,
paid them for it, and before they could remove the
proceeds of their labor and convert it it was seized
by the Government for military purposes and de-
stroyed.
It seems to your committee to be a oase of private
property taken for public use, freed from the com-
plications and questions ordinarily attending claims
for the use and destruction of property in an enemy's
country in time of war, and should be paid for.
Your committee have had some difficultyin fixing
the value of the cotton, but have agreed to report
the accompanying bill appropriating $50,000, and to
recommend its passage. .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WYOMING TERRITORIAL ACTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 616) to repeal certain acts passed by
the territorial Legislature of Wyoming.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to know what
the laws are that are to be repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill was
reported by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard.]
Mr. HARLAN. He is not in his seat just
now. I ask, therefore, that it be passed over
informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over informally.
JOSEPH ORMSBY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 762) for the relief of Joseph Ormsby;
■which was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to allow Joseph Ormsby a pension at
the rate of eight dollars per month from the
19th day of June, 1862, the date of the death
of his son, Edward J. Ormsby, to the 5th day
of March, 1869, the date of the death of his
wife, that being the period daring which the
mother of the deceased was entitled to a pen-
sion, but which she failed to make application
for under a misapprehension of the law.
Mr. HOWE. If there is a report in that
case I think it had better be read.
Mr. PRATT. I made the report myself. I
am glad the Senate's attention is called to the
report, because the circumstances are peculiar,
and I am not certain that the committee came
to a correct conclusion. I should be glad to
have the Senate's opinion after the report shall
have been read.
The Secretary read the following report sub-
mitted by Mr. Pratt, from the Committee on
Pensions, on the 6th of April:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Joseph Ormsby, praying for arrears
of pension from the date of his son's death, on June
19.18G2, to March 6,1869, snbmit the following report:
The petitioner was the father of Edward J. Ormsby,
a private in company I, sixty-ninth regiment of
Pennsylvania volunteers, who was mustered on 19th
of August, 1861, and who died at Fair Oaks .Virginia,
J une19,1862, of wounds received in action theday pre-
vious. He left surviving him his father and mother,
Susan Ormsby, and the testimony shows he was their
only support. The petitioner is old, in feeble health,
poor, and his eyesight and hearing are impaired.
He applied for a pension in 1866, but failed, for the
reason that his wife was living. On the death of his
wife, on March 5,1869, he renewed his application,
and a pension was awarded him, to oommence March
6,1869.
His first application, which failed, was made under
the twelfth section of tho act of Juno 6,1866, which
provides that the father as well as the mother of an
officer or soldier shall be entitled to pension under
certain circumstances, and he believed, and was so
advised by his attorney, that although his wife was
living at the time he was the proper person to make
the application under the wording of the law.
Ttio case he presents for special relief is grounded,
therefore, upon his misapprehension of the law.
This may constitute a title to relief if the law, upon
examination, shall seem so ambiguous as to mislead
a well-informed person, as we must presume his
attorney to have been.
By the third section of the pension law of July 14,
1862, Edward J. Ormsby having died, leaving neither
• widow nor legitimate child, but having left a mother
I dependent upon him for support, she was entitled to
j i receive the same pension as her son would have been
entitled to had he been wholly disabled, the pension
| to commenco at his death and to terminate on her
remarriage.
The fourth section of this act gave a pension to the
] orphan sister or sisters of the deceased under sixteen
years of age, where they were dependent upon him
\ I for support, and where he left surviving him neither
widow, nor child, nor mother.
II The twelfth section of the act of June 6, 1866,
I amended this fourth section so as to extend the pro-
{| visions to the orphan brother or brothers, as well as
]; sister or sisters, under sixteen- years of age, and tho
father as well as mother of a deceased officer or other
! person named in section one of the act of July 14,
1863, who were dependent upon him for support in
whole or in part.
The act of July 27,1868, construed these laws so as
to give precedence to the relatives of the deceased
soldier in the following order: first, mothers; sec-
ond, fathers; third, orphan brothers and sisters
under sixteen years of age; with a proviso that if
in any case the deceased soldier left both father and
mother dependent upon him for support, then on
the death of the mother the father became entitled
to a pension, commencing from and after the death
of the mother.
Thus it appears that young Ormsby's mother was
alone entitled to a pension during her life.
Had the petitioner's application been made within
five years after his son's death, as his original appli-
cation was, it must have failed under this legislative
construction of the law; his title to a pension was
contingent upon his surviving his wife, and the pen-
sion could then date only from her death.
Tho mother was undoubtedly entitled to one on
tho facts proved, had she applied. The law of 1862
was explicit as to her rights; but the law of 1866 did
undoubtedly breed uncertainty. This is evident from
the report of the Secretary of the Interior made to
Congress November 18, 1867, who invoked explan-
atory legislation. The following is a quotation from
his report:
"Former laws made no provision for relatives in
the ascending or collateral lines. The act of 1862
first gave a pension to the dependent mother of the
deceased soldier or officer, or if there were none, to
his orphan sisters under the age of sixteen years.
The act of J une 6,1866, so amends the fourth seotion
of the act of 1862 as to make its provisions apply
to and include the orphan brother as well as sister,
and the father as well as the mother. That section, in
its original shape, made no mention of the mother,
and it is very questionable, when the father and the
orphan sisters are the only surviving relatives,
whether the former or latter would be entitled to a
pension, or whether they would not have a joint
claim. The mother is regarded as having the exclu-
sive right when the father is also living; but I sug-
gest that the order in which the relatives should be
entitled to take precedence bo more clearly defined
by declaratory legislation."
The declaratory legislation was had in 1868.
Up to the period of his wife's death the petitioner,
except incidentally as her husband, would have de-
rived no benefit under the pension laws. But as he
was bound to support her, he would have been re-
lieved to the extent of her pension had she obtained
ono. He would also have succeedcd as her only heir,
upon her death, to any money in hand or arrearages
of pension due to her.
In view of the evident right of his wife to a pen-
sion, and the uncertainty of the law which led him
instead of her to apply for one, the committee are
of opinion that the relief prayed for ought to be
given, and accordingly report the accompanying
bill, and recommend its passage.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Indiana
tell us upon what state of case or upon what con-
dition it wa8 that the mother was entitled to a
pension under the law of 1862 ? Was it in any
other case than that of her dependence upon him |
for support?
Mr. PRATT. That was the condition upon i
which she was entitled to a pension. The
evidence shows that she was in very needy
circumgtauces and dependent upon him for
support. The construction, however, which
these old people put upon the law was that the
application must be made in the name of the
father; but in this it seems there was a mis-
take. It should have been made in the name
of the mother.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to suggest this inquiry
to the Senator: suppose the mother had applied,
with a husband then living, how could it have
been made to appear that she depended upon
her son for support rather than upon her hus-
band?
Mr. PRATT. I can only say that the evi-
dence is very fulfupon that head. If the
Senator listened to the report, it is shown that
the present petitioner, the husband, is old
and in feeble health, and poor, and his eye-
sight and hearing impaired, and asmy friend on
my right [Mr. Warner] says "of no account
at any rate." [Laughter.] He was not in a
condition, I suppose, to support his wife.
Mr. HOWE. But is it not manifest that he
did support his wife, since she lived ?
Mr. PRATT. Undoubtedly she did live; but
she died in 1869.
Mr. HOWE. And the son did not support
her?
Mr. PRATT. The son did not support her.
I cannot tell the Senator how she lived. The
evidence is very clear and conclusive 
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to make one inquiry.
The mere fact of the father or mother being
poor, as I understand the pension laws, will
not lay a foundation for a pension on account
of the services of the son. It must appear in
some form that the soldier had in some way
contributed to the support of the mother or
father who applies for a pension for the decease
of the son. Now, in this case does it appear
by the testimony in any way that the father
was supported, to any extent, by the son pre-
vious to his enlistment or after his enlistment
in the Array ?
Mr. PRATT. Without recollecting the par-
ticulars of the evidence, as it is impossible to
carry in one's memory the evidence in so many
cases that we are called to pass upon, I can
only say the Commissioner of Pensions has
found that this father was dependent upon his
son for support, and has granted the mother a
certificate of pension. He is drawing a pen-
sion now, but it dates only from March 5,
1869. Undoubtedly upon that evidence, the
evidence upon which the present pension was
granted, the application of the mother would
have been granted upon the facts shown to the
Commissioner had the application been made
in her name; but it was made iu the name of
the father, on account of a misapprehension of
the law by the attorney who made the applica-
tion. That was the sole reason why it failed.
Undoubtedly the mother would have been en ti-
tled to the pension had the application been
made in her name.
Mr. HARLAN. Then this bill is merely to
cover the intermediate period ?
Mr. PRATT. That is the whole purpose
of it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
REFINING OF BULLION.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senate to take
up for consideration Senate bill No. 17, rela-
tive to the refining of gold and silver bullion
at the Mint of the United States and branches,
which was laid over temporarily on account of
my absence.
Mr. SUMNER. There can be no objection
to that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I reported it from the
Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection. The bill has been read ;
it is before the Senate as in Committee of the
