1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2143
your officials. They defied you in every re-
spect. They sent forth throughout the earth
and gathered in the foreigner. Their place
was the resort of lewd people. Their valley
was the scene of the congregation of disorderly
characters from all parts of the earth. Their
chief was bold and unscrupulous and he has
been able by a subtlety almost wonderful, by a
perseverance worthy of ajbetter cause, to main-
tain his institutions in the heart of a civilized
land, in the midst of an enlightened Republic
until this day.
In everything I see in reference to this in-
stitution of polygamy does it become me now
and here to condemn it. It has been con-
demned by the sentiment of the century, and
it has received the condemnation of all hon-
orable and proper people. Whenever you
degrade women you degrade all. That insti-
tution which debauches the mother, which
dishonors the wife, which disgraces the daugh-
ter and sister, strikes at tho foundation of all
just government and free institutions. Say
what you may of your great licpublic, plead
as you may for its success, glorify as you may
over its stretching from ocean to ocean and
from the frozen regions of the North to the
Gulf of Mexico, reaching its influence through-
out the globe, Christianizing and beautifying
the world—say what you may, it all rests upon
home virtue. It rests upon the love, it rests
upon the integrity of the mother and wife; and
whenever you debauch the homo and house-
hold you corrupt all; and it is tho homes of
this country, North, South, Bast, and West,
where purity reigns, where virtue reigns, where
this Republic is to live, and upon that super-
structure to-day, with God's blessing, it is
permitted to stand.
I sec honorable men around mo, men coming
here intrusted by their constituency, honorable
men, notwithstanding tho slanders of men we
patronize hero and permit to have a place in
our galleries—I ask you, honorablogotitlomon,
where would you have been if your homes had
been brothels and, your mothers concubines V
How often in tho history of your lives can you
look over tho desert track of your existence and
recall the temptations that have besot your ways,
recall all that has surrounded you, and at the
same time recall the llaming sword which
seemed to stand at the gate and kept yon from
doing evil. I ask you, when you remember
this, what it was that preserved you so well V
What were more powerful than tho early influ-
ence of a mother h guidance uud tho lessons
of lovo and duty which spring up in every
virtuous household? These principles, learned
in the homes of the land, ure what have saved you
from every peril that may have beset, your path
in life. 1 remember very well ono who was
pure and beautiful, and who twenty years ago
they buried on the banks of the James. 1
remember very well whose counsel it was hung
over my childhood like an angel beam and pro-
tected me from a thousand temptations and
shielded me from a thousand harms. I pay this
tribute to her name. 1 speak of these things
because it is proper, and wc arc callcd upon m
relation to this matter to go to the root of all
government, and that is the household. Say
what you may of tho women of Utah ; say that
they acquiesce in thissystem; refer ifyou please
to their conduct in reference to this bill; but you
cannot change their uature. Six thousand years
have rolled over this earth aud still it is the
same with women. She will admit of no part-
nership in her affections. She will admit of
no division of her regards. While man is con-
trolled by schemes of ambition, which he pur-
sues over land aud sea, the woman, the true
woman, has but one great ambition, and that is
to make her home a paradise. You break down
that home, jou destroy that feeling, and you
crush her, you tend to make her a waif, you
tend to make her a debauched and dishonored
thing, you leave her at the mercy of every wind I
and tide that may assault her. And when your
legislation encourages this state of things 11
assure you, Mr. Speaker, that it strikes at the
very foundation of free institutions.
There are nameless graves in that far-off
Territory, under the shadow of its great mount-
ains, in which lie buried murdered men aud
broken-hearted women, that are lifting up their
silent voices to-day to the ear of tho God of
justice, censuring you for your guilty partici-
pation in this act. For by refusing to enforce
your laws you have committed all this, aud you
have become to a certain extent copartner in
this crime.
Why, tho gentleman from Nevada said that
we had tolerated this thing so long that it was
not wise to undertake, now that it had assumed
such formidable proportions, to overthrow it
So we are to be taunted here with our own
neglect of dutyl The statutes of limitation
arc to be thrown in our face, are they? Aud
because we have permitted this thing to goou
for twenty years we are to permit it to go on
longer ! But it is said that all this will disap-
pear before tho benign influences of civiliza-
tion. Tho Pacific railroad is now open, they
say, aud that will root out polygamy. I have
heard a great deal attributed to the Pacific
railroad. 1 knew that it was agreat institution;
that with its links of iron and its messengers
of steam it had bound the two oceans together ;
it had opened the wilderness to the track of
civilization; it had laid tribute upon the oriental
world ; it was bringiug back to us the spices of
tho Indies, the fragrance and the luxuries of
tho land of tho sun. I knew all this, but I
nevor supposed that it was to fulfill the high
oflico of a moralizer, that it was to break down
the walls' of sin, that it was to bo the little
stone cut from tho mountain that was to abol-
ish all these fabrics of crime that centuries
have reared among us. If that bo so, why,
abolish all your laws from New York city to
California! The Pacific railroad, with its
branches, stretches from oceau to ocean. Let
us abolish all laws—all laws against bigamy
especially. For we have laws on our statute
books against, bigamy in every State. Abolish
them ; abolish nil your laws against robbery
and murder anil arson, aud those other crimes
that afflict Immunity. Let the Pacific railroad
servo tho purpose of moralizing everybody.
Let it bring in the millennium. Let us have
no moro jails, or State prisons, or peniten
tiaries.
Why, docs tho gentleman remember that tho
same train that brings the hardy pioneer to
Utah with his family—with his honest wife and
with his little children—brings also tho disso-
lute aud degraded of both sexes? Does ho
remember that when you havo established, by
the refusal of Congress to take any action on
this subject, that pulj gamy is legalized ill Utah,
and henceforth to be one of the institutions of
this country, that therefore an invitation is
extondod to tho dissolute of all nations to go
there and settle, and find security and protec-
tion ? Does the gentleman not uuderstaud that
tho same Pacific railroad which carries the vir-
tuous and thegood would carry in tenfold num-
bers the dishonest and the dissipated, those who
have become outlawed from all other countries ?
It is a significant fact that since this Pacific
railroad ims been opened in Utah seventeen
gentile business firms have rcmoveJ from Salt
Luke because they could not stay there. And
I cannot hear of anybody who has gone there.
A few groceries and saloons and drinking places
have been established along the line of the
road through Utah: mid places of a more dis-
reputable character have also, I understand,
been established, but I have yet to learu that
they are the nurseries of virtue.
Now-, gentlemen forget that there are nine
other Territories besides Utah, and that honest
and virtuous men and women, in order to avoid
the persecutions incident to life in Utah, will
go anywhere else. They will settle in Cali-
fornia, ni Idaho, in Wyoming, they will settle
anywhere except in this pest-house. Where
did emigration go, I ask you, before slavery I
was abolished? Did it go south of Mason and
Dixon's line? Not much ; it went into the land
of freedom; it sought that place where the
emigrant could enjoy the full rights of a free-
man and where labor was Uonorable. Will
emigration .go to a Territory that is cursed with
an institution that degrades everybody con-
nected with it, and where unless a man sub-
mits to it he is persecuted and hounded down ?
Will emigration go to such a Territory, when
a vast empire of as beautiful land as ever the
stm shone upon is open to them elsewhere?
By no means.
Why, sir, I remember as far back as 1862,
when Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, a man whom
we all know and respect, insisted on passing
through this House a bill punishing polygamy
in the Territories. It met no opposition here,
but when it got over into the Senate two gen-
tlemen made opposition to it, and they were
the Senators from California, Messrs. Latham
and McDougall. Mr. McDougall said that how-
ever unpopular it might, be lie felt it to be his
duty to oppose this punishment of polygamy in
Territories upon the ground that it would break
up the communication between the East and
the West and still further tend to isolate the
golden State from the rest of the Union. Well,
the bill passed, and now we have gentlemen
from the Pacific coast opposing this bill for the
same reason. The gentleman from California
[Mr. Sarcext] says that he thinks it will break
up the Pacific railroad, and consequently it
ought not to be done. Tho gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Fitch] says that it will break up
the Pacific railroad, and he says a great many
other things. He makes a very beautiful speech.
He elicits the admiration of gentlemen upon
the other side, and he elicits the especial admi-
ration of the reporter for the associated press,
who reports himashavingmade agrandspeech.
Now, let us see what there was in that speech.
I have made a few extracts from it, and so that
I may not be mistaken I have written down just
what he said. He first said—
"That tho provisions of tho bill reported by the
<a> iuiuitt.ee on Territories, rigidly enforced, will put
aP, eI,, *° polygamy in Utah is intrinsically prob-
able."
So that if the bill should be enforced it would
put an end to polygamy in Utah. The next
thing he says on that subject is this:
Xbisbill, with all due respect to the Committee
on the t erritories, is as ill-considered, as worthless
tor all practicable purposes in detail, as it is generally
unwise and premature."
So that the bill will not accomplish it, and
is entirely worthless. Then he says:
That the destruction of polygamy is a wise and
laudable purpose is readily conceded/'
Then he says ;
''Tho suppression of polygamy would be purchased
at too great cost."
Ihen he says of this beautiful institution of
polygamy;
. -tyj assails no human right; it assaults no human
privilege.
And then he goes on to say:
I condcmn tho folly of tho Mormon creed; lam
lilleu with amazement and pity at tho voluntary
degradation of the Mormon women."
Then he says:
A? ^at our system of Government is
uuutto deal with a problem such as the Mormon ques-
nnriSKi; 3; our<?.overnment rests upon the virtuo
ana intelligence of the people."
^ Then he says, growing quite in love with the
institution as the glow of his speech warmed
him up he goes on to say in conclusion :
^aded sensuality does not bear the
tiuiU of thrift, industry, and temperance."
After speaking of the people of Utah as being
especially thrifty, especially temperate, and
especially industrious, he winds up with the
declaration that the tree of degraded sensuality
does not bear such fruits. I must be permitted
to say that I am afraid that our Pacific railroad
friends have got somewhat debauched by this
institution, ife is close to their borders, and I
