1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3087
Whole; and the pending question is on tie I
amendment of the Senator from California, !
[Mr. Coi.e.1 , , '
Mr. NYE. That bill will lead to a good deal
of discussion. I propose to discuss it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will simply state that
the bill lias once passed the Senate, and is
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury and
by all the agents of the Government who have
examined the subject. At the same time if
the Senator objects to its present consideration
of course I shall not insist upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to. the bill goes over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With the permission of
the Chair and of the Senate I wish to give
notice to the Committee on Appropriations of
the Senate that I shall move this bill as an
amendment to the appropriation bill, on the
ground that it tends to reduce the expenses of
the Government in connection with the coinage
of money. It is a legitimate subject to go upon
that bill. I move the reference of the bill to
the Committee on Appropriations with that
view.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That refer-
ence will be made.
WYOMING TEIUUTOIUAL LAWS.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senate now to
consider the bill (S. No. 016) to repeal certain
acts passed by the territorial Legislature of |
Wyoming, which was passed over afe w momenta '
ago on account of the absence of the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the consideration of the bill will
be resumed.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It proposes to
disapprove, repeal, and declare null and void
the following acts passed by the Legislature
of the Territory of Wyoming, to wit: an act
entitled "An act to protect railroad employes
who are injured while performing their dutif-s
also, an act entitled "An act providing for the
collection of taxes heretofore assessed and
levied in this Territory;" also, an act entitled
"An act to create and regulate corporations."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third ;
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What are those acts?
Mr. POMEROY. I want to hear what those
statutes are. Do they relate to voting out I
there? i
Mr. RAMSEY. I imagine they relate to
female suffrage. [Laughter.]
_ Mr. HOWARD. They are acts of the Ter-
ritory of Wyoming, which were passed mani-
festly with a view of obstructing the operations i
of the Union Pacific Railroad Company in that ! i
Territory, by imposing onerous taxes upon the 1
company and furnishing very unusual remedies i|
for their collection; and also an act which I 1
will read in order to show the tone and temper
of the legislation of that Territory. I desire I
the attention of Senators to it while I read it.
It is very short:
" Be it enact#! by the Council and Home of Itemacni-
altvet oj the territory of Wyominq, That any person
rn the employment of any railroad company in this
Territory who may be hilled by any locomotive, car,
or other roiling stock or property of said company,
whether in the performance of his duty or otherwise,
bis widow or heirs may have the same right of action
lor damages against such company as if said person
«> Killed was not in the employ of said company.
Any agreement he made, whether verbal or written,
to hold such company harmless or free from an action
fordamages in the event of such killingshall benull
?DP and shall not be admitted as testimony in
behalf of said company in any action for damages
which may be brought against them; and any person
in the employ of said company who may be injured
_by any locomotive, car, or other rolling stock of said
,or by other property of said company,
shall have his action for damages against said com-
pany the same as if he were not in the employ of
said company; and no agreement to the contrary
shall be admitted as testimony in behalf of said
company.
"Sec. 2. This act shall take effect from and after
its passage.
That is a most extraordinary piece of legis-
lation, it se«m8 to me. The other acts referred
to in the bill before us are too long to be read
I to the Senate. The Committee on Territories
have had them under consideration, and think
they ought, to be repealed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not <juite clear
that that act of the territorial Legislature of
Wyomingis not a proper one. There has been
a great conflict of decisions, as I understand,
in the courts as to the right of the employfe of
a railroad company to recover damages for
injuries that he sustains while in the employ
of the company, upon this principle, that he
being himself engaged in the business of the
company, in running the machinery, ought not
to be allowed to recover damages for any in-
jury he sustains, because if he could it would
induce carelessness, and the pablic good re-
quires that the employes of the company should
run the hazard of any injury they may sus-
tain in order to superinduce vigilance on their
part. That is the principle, as I understand
it, which some of the courts have held. But,
on the other hand, why ought not the employ6
of u railroad company to recover where the
injury does not result at all from his fault, just
as much as anybody else ? Suppose that the
machinery is bad; that in consequence of the
defect of a wheel to which he in no way con-
tributed, a brakeman is injured, why should
| he not recover just as well as a passenger on
the train ?
Mr. SUMNER. The old law was otherwise.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But there is a conflict
of decisions en that subject. Now, the terri-
torial Legislature of Wyoming, as I under-
stand, have passed a law authorizing these
employes to recover. Of course they cannot
recover in a case where they themselves are
gnilfy of negligence.
Mr. NYE. This act of the territorial Legis-
lature says the company shall not put that fact
in evidence. That is the trouble.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; the law does not
provide that if the injury arises from their own
negligence they shall recover.
Mr. NYE. It says tbatshall not be pleaded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Where the injury arises
from their own neglect.
Mr. HOWARD. I read the act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not so understand
it. If that is so, of course it is wrong. Will
the Senator be good enough to read mat part
of it again ? j
Mr. HOWARD. It reads as follows:
" That any person in the employment of any rail-
road company in this Territory who may be killed
by any locomotive, car, or other rolling stock or
property of said company, whether in the perform-
ance of his dnty or otherwise"—
It is plainly intended to cover every case
where injury is done to him by the machinery
of the company, whether in the performance of"
his doty or otherwise—
" his widow or heirs may havo the same right of
action for damages against such company as if said
person fo killed was not in the employ of said com-
pany. Any agreement he made, whether verbal or
written, to hold such company harmless or.free from
an action for damages in the event of such killing
shall be null and void" 
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senator from
Michigan to speak a little louder. We cannot
hear a word he says on this side of the
Chamber.
Mr. HOWARD. The second clause of this
act provides that—
"Any agreement he"—
That is, the employ^—
"made, whether verbal or written, to hold snch
company harmless or free from an action for dam-
ages in the event ofsnch killing shall be null and void,
and shall not be admitted as testimony in behalf of
said company in any action for damages which may
be brought against them; and any person in the em-
ploy of said company who may be injured by any
locomotive, car, or other rolling stock of said com-
pany, or by other property of said company, shall
bare his action for damages against said company
the same as if he were not in the employ of said com-
pany, and no agreement to the contrary shall be
admitted as testimony in behalf of said company."
Mr. TRUMBULL, It only amounts to this,
that the employ6 of the company is to be put
upon the same footing as any other person.
Now, are we prepared to say that that is not
right? Some of the courts in this country have
held that an employ6 of a company is upon the
same footing as any other person ; and I think
the Supreme Court of the united States were
equally divided in opinion as to whether the
employ^ of a company could recover damages
for an injury that he sustained which did not
arise out of any negligence of his.
Mr. NYE. That is not this case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, that is exactly this
law. Now, if the territorial Legislature of
Wyoming thinks proper to pass a law placing
the employes upon the same footing as any
other persons, 1 am not prepared to say that
that is wrong ; and that is all I understand that
law to do. It does not go any further than
that. It is a question of some very consider-
able importance.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator from Illinois
will permit me, it strikes me the law, as I heard
it read, makes a difference between the cases
he refers to and the case provided for in it.
The question presented in the cases referred to
was whether one employ^ could recover from
a railroad company when his injury was caused
by the negligence of another employ^, and in
those cases it was held that he was at the risk;
but the Legislature here, if I understand it,
gives the employ6 the right to recover notwith-
standing his injuries may have been the result
of his own negligence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No. If it did, it would
be wrong; but I do not understand it so.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator hear the
language of the first clause of the law again ?
I think he will see occasion to review his
opinion:
"That any person in the employment of any rail-
road company in this Territory who may be killed
by any locomotive, oar, or other rolling stock or
property of any railroad company, whether in the
performance of his duty or otherwise, his widow or
heirs may have the same right of action for damages
against suoli company as if said porson so killed was
not in the employ of said company."
It gives a right of action in every case where
death takes place, where the person killed is
in the employment of the company, no matter
whether he is negligent or not; that is utterly
immaterial under this first clause of the law.
In every such case the right is given to the
widow or to the heirs to bring suit against the
company and to collect damages for the death
of the decedent. It does not matter whether
he was negligent or not. The case would grow
out of the statute exclusively, for the common
law in such a case affords no remedy whatever,
as the Senator very well knows, and the stat-
ute must be carried out according to its letter
and plain intention. The statute does not
require, in order to sustain an action in such a
case, that the party himself should have been
guilty of no negligence. It is sufficient under
the statute if he is killed by any of the machin-
ery of the company, and any agreement he
may make with the company exonerating them
from that liability is held by the statute to be
void, and the company cannot plead it or pre-
sent it in evidence.
Mr. THAYER. Let me snbmit this ques-
sion to the Senator from Illinois: if the party
voluntarily relinquishes all claim for damages
in such a case ought the Legislature to interfere
and set aside that agreement which he makes?
It is part of the contract.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that would not
make any difference. It is against public pol-
icy. The public policy of the country requires
that caution should be observed and great pru-
dence upon these great thoroughfares, ana to
allow a party to enter into a contract of that
sort, so as to excuse the company and take
away the inducement to great care and caution
on these lines of communication, would be
detrimental to the public interest; and it is
doubtful, at least, whether such a contract as
that ought to be permitted to be made.
