1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4031
Surely, sir, it becomes legislators to frame laws
to encourage truth and honesty rather than to
put them at a disadvantage. We talk about
this being the best Government the world ever
saw, and yet. we fill the land with great corpor-
ations without conscience, or soul, or fear of
punishment for wrong, to corrupt and demor-
alize whom they cannot otherwise control. We
give facility for every form ofspeculation, extrav-
agance, and stock gambling, till our cities are
tilled with the young who flock there to join in
the ventures of the hour, hoping to gather
where they have not toiled; and then we tax
the consciences of men, offer premiums for
dishonesty, and hold out test-oatlis to be the
cover of fraud, and yet boast of wise govern-
ment and sound legislation. No, Mr. Speaker,
let us tax capital as we will, let us tax the rich
as we may, but let us at least take off the tax on
the conscience of men, and leave the law such
that the dishonest, the false, and the fraudu-
lent shall possess no advantage and escape no
penalties imposed upon the conscientious and
the just.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to urge further my
objection to this income tax.
Mr. FITCH. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman now addressing the Chair has
already spoken once on this question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. Sundry and divers amend-
ments have been offered, which present differ-
ent questions.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, Mr. Speaker, I urge in
the second place that the income tax isunequal,
unjust, and oppressive. Its injustice lies first
in its operation on a small portion of the peo-
ple and property of the country, to the exclu-
sion and exemption of the rest. Inequality of
taxation is always unjust. The people will
bear the heaviest burdens of necessary taxa-
tion without a murmur when their distribution
is just and equal. Mr. Lowej the English
chancellor of the exchequer, lately stated in
Parliament the true principle of taxation in
admirable form. He said:
" I will illustrate it by what is in Dr. Carpenter's
recant Voyage in tho Arctic Ocean. He mentions
that ho found the bmallest animals living and flour-
ishing at tho bottom of the sea under a pressure of
three tons to the square inch. How did they con-
trive to live? Because tho pressure was equalized.
And that is tho whole secret of taxation."
The income tax is an utter abandonment of
this principle. Its pressure is not equal, either
as to persons or property. As to the former,
out of nearly forty million people it is applied
to two hundred and seventy thousand, f hat
is, not more than one in one hundred and forty-
five of the population of the country pays any
share of the tax, and the proposed change will
largely increase this disproportion, making it
not more than one in three hundred.
As to property, the inequality is even more
glaring. The persons who are forced to bear
this tax do not hold one tenth of the accumu-
lated wealth of the country, and it is not prob-
able that one twentieth of the real estate of
the country held by individuals pays any por-
tion of this tax. If the tax were levied upon
the whole income of the property, and labor
of the country equally at the^ same rate im-
posed upon the small portion it now reaches,
it would yield more than three hundred and
fifty millions per annum. Nor is it equal m
any sense in its operation upon the class of
citizens upon whom it now falls. By far the
larger number of them are without accurou-
lated property, living in hired houses, with
growing families, on scanty salaries, hardly
equal to the necessities of life ; yet the lax-
uatlieier is sure to find and reach the surplus,
of which the nature of their income prevents
concealment. It makes no_ discrimination
between those who live in cities at thrice the
cost of rural life, and to whom the allowed
exemption is not of half its value in the country.
But the injustice of the tax isbest shown when
i we look at the exemption it allows to accumu-
' lateti wealth. A person with $30,000 safely in-
vested in bond and mortgage, and who realizes
five per cent, over and above taxes, is by the
proposed exemption to be free from the income
tax on that accumulation; he may live in idle-
ness, with his income untouched; while he who
struggles in daily,toil must bear its burdens
upon his labor if he earns a dollar for accumu-
lation beyond the exemption which his family
consumes. The former dies, but his $30,000
survives to his family. The latter dies ; his
earnings cease and his family are left to want,.
This tax thus falls in great degree upon labor
struggling for its future, and not upon the
wealth of assured accumulations.
Again, the man of $30,000 is practically
exempt. Bat the richer man of $60,000 of the
same kind of wealth must pay on the income
derived from $30,000. What is this but an
unequal imposition of taxes upon accumulated
wealth? Of $90,000 permanently invested but
one third pays anything, and that third is all
imposed oij, him who is only richer in degree.
Is the pressure of three tons to the square
inch equal upon these men ? No ; the exemp-
tion of the accumulated wealth of one makes
the imposition upon the other nothing more nor
less than confiscation. The latter bears more
than his share of the burdens of Government.
A11 that he of $00,000 pays that should be borne
by him of $30,000, whom the law exempts, is
simply confiscation of one man's property for
the benefit of another.
If all the taxes of the Government were raised
in this way the monstrous injustice ofits effects
would be palpable to every one. All unequal
and progressive taxation upon accumulated
wealth is partial confiscation. It is equality
only that prevents taxation from becoming
confiscation. The law of William and Mary ot'
1692, that imposed doable rates of taxes upon
Catholics, was nothing but the most execra-
ble confiscation. All men are now by the
Constitution of the United States equal before
the law in rights, privileges, and immunities;
and exemptions from taxation, as applicable to
accumulated wealth of the same class, are viola-
tions of that fundamental principle of equality.
And so taxes unequally imposed are none the
less such violations when they fell upon the
frugality, economy, or skill that acquire wealth
than when aimed at the labor of unsuccessful
poverty. Nor is this a contest between the
rich and the poor, fot the man with $30,000 of
invested and productive wealth is not a subject
of public charity, as tho proposed exemption
would make him. A vast majority, audi think
seven tenths, of the accumulated wealth of
this country is held by persons who have less
than thirty thousand dollars, yet this tax is so
arranged that it falls, so far as income is derived
from imperishable investments, on less than a
moiety of the property. Thus, ten men with
$80,000 each, pay nothing, while one with the
same aggregate is heavily taxed.
The law is therefore fundamentally wrong,
inasmuch as it extends any exemption to ac-
cumulated wealth in whatever form it exists.
It is wrong, also, inasmuch as it imposes any
of its burdens upon labor. Labor is not a
proper subject of taxation. There is always
gross injustice in taxing income derived from
precarious and perishable sources at the same
rate as that derived from fixed and imper-
ishable investments. Such a tax is so direct
in its consequences that its burdens are felt
with keenest severity when they fall upon the
income that trembles under the contingencies
that, wait upon labor, or skill, or capacity, in
their efforts to save something from precarious
revenues for the ever-impending future.
The distinction that this law makes in me
character of investments is also a great injus-
tice. My neighbor Jones has his $3U,000 in
bonds and mortgages. He nets live per cent,
and pays no income tax. My neighbor Smith
has the like sum in bank or railroad stock,
-which perhaps pays him but four per cent.;
yet this bill is so arranged that on every dollar
his investment earns hs must pay five per cent.
with no exemption whatever. Can this' be
justice and equality?
It is a weak answer to these facts to retort
that the income tax is popular, because it falls
only on a small part of the people. Oiv to
borrow the statesman-like idea of the ©hair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
that "all taxes are popular that somebody else
has got to pay.1' The legislator who relies on
the people to approve acts of injustice to a
minority misconceives the character of the-peo-
ple. The people love justice, and in t.hti long
run are both magnanimous and just to minor-
ities. Besides in this country every man looks
forward to the time when he shall pass the
line of any exemption and thus become him-
self the victim of an unjust law. He hates the
law which seems to curb his ambition and to
oppress them with whom he means sooner or
later to stand on an equal footing.
The law is also unpopular because of its
inquisitorial character. It pries, or constantly
threatens to pry, into the^ecrets of every mart's
business and household. No matter whether
the assessor comes or not, the dread that he
will come makes the law and the power it con-
fers alike odious. It is out of harmony with
the character and habits of a free people.
Even in France such taxes are not tolerated and
have not been since 1791, because all inquisito-
rial taxes are denounced as "violations of the
sacred liberty of the domicile" and as "par-
odies of the inquisition."
But to thoughtful men a most serious objec-
tion is found in its demoralizing effect upon
communities. A distinguished writer on polit-
ical economy, Mr. McCulloch, says: "Hence
it may be truly said to be a tax on honesty and
a bounty on perjury and frauds." The ine-
qualities I have pointed out are greatly increased
by these temptations to dishonesty. The tax
falls with severity upon the integrity of con-
scientious men, while many a millionaire of
easy virtue escapes it altogether, illustrations
of this fact may be found on every hand.
A law which leads the country into such
temptations t,o perjury and fraud works greater
injury to the people and their Government than
all the millions it may yield can possibly repay.
Honor and justice and purity are worth more
to any land than the fullest treasury. Hut
numerous as are the frauds and perjuries com-
mitted now they will be greatly increased if the
proposition of this bill succeeds. Men will feel
that our violation of good faith toward them in
some degree justifies or excuses any evasion
they can devise. I do not mean to approve,
but to condemn such a course. But I know
enough of human nature to foreseethat the
continuance of this tax will demoralize thou-
sands who have hitherto scorned to avail them-
selves of the loop-holes through which so largo
n portion of the community now escape. I pro-
test against a measure that will fill the public
mind with the idea that a great public wrong
may be rightfully met by innumerable private
wrongs ; that a class injured by bad faith owe
no debt of good faith to the violators of all
faith!
Third. The income tax is of doubtful con-
stitutionality. So far as it taxes the income
derived from lands it seems clearly to be a
direct tax within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion. That instrument determines the manner
in which direct taxes must be apportioned and
collected.
It has never been doubted that a tax upon
lands is a direct tax. How can it be shown
that a tax upon the income of lands is> not also
direct? Analogous questions have often been
decided by the Supreme Court of the Umied
States, as" when Pennsylvania attempted io #
tax the salary of a Federal officer. 1 he court,
held that inasmuch as the State-eon Id not tax
the officer, so it could not tax the income ol
the office; for that would be an indirect way
of accomplishing the same end. (bee case in
16 Peters, 435; Dobbins vs. Tne Commissioners
of Erie county.) So in Brown vs. Maryland.
