1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1199
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DAWES took the floor.
Mr. COX. Has my time expired ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has, and besides that
the gentleman's remarks were not in order,
not being germane to the question before the
House.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Kelsey.]
Mr. KELSEY. I renew the amendment,
and I do so for the purpose of saying to my
colleague from New York [Mr. Cox] that
wben he introduced his resolution yesterday
calling upon the Secretary for information as
to the unexpended balances in the Treasury
I objected. 1 did so because that information
had already been furnished to the House, not
only as regards the unexpended balances of
the Navy Department, but as regards those of
all the Departments; and the report contain-
ing the information has been in the hands of
the Public Printer for several days. For aught
I know it may now be in the document-room.
The information which the gentleman sought
for has already been furnished. It was for
that reason that I objected to his resolution,
and I so stated at the time.
I do not know that information has been fur-
nished in the precise form in which the gentle-
man calls for it; that is, a statement of the
unexpended balances at the end of each month.
It would be next to impossible to furnish it in
that way, nor could it be of any service to the
country if the balances for every month were
furnished. If the balances at the end of the
fiscal year are given all the information is
supplied that is needed to guide our legislation
here. I sought the floor merely for the pur-
pose of answering the complaint made by my
colleague. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew it. Without im-
pugning or intending to impugn the motives
which actuate any other gentleman, I would
Bay, if I were to join in this crusade against
our own pay I would feel that I was cheapen-
ing myself for a little cheap popularity.
I am, if not the onlymember, one of the few
who have served at the various grades of pay
in the House of Representatives. When I first
came into Congress the compensation was eight
dollars per day, with forty cents mileage going
and returning. That gave us—in addition to
the mileage, which was alittle more than now—
for the short session $720, and for the long
session as moch as added to the mileage made
my own compensation average about sixteen
hundred dollars a year for the eight years dur-
ing which I served. I did not think it sufficient
then, but of course it was of more intrinsic
value at that time than it would be now, for the
cost of subsistence and of every necessary of
life is very much greater now than it was then.
I do not know what it was particularly that led
Congress to feel the necessity of an increased
compensation. But when I returned to Con-
gress after a lapse of some years I found that
the compensation was placed at $3,000 per
annum. After awhile—sotae four years ago or
thereabouts—a proposition was introduced to
increase the amount to $5,000 a year, the mile-
age at the same time being cut down one half.
A number of gentlemen here will remember
the circumstances under which that proposition
was given effect to and the increase made. It
was brought in by a committee of conference
in connection with an additional bounty to be
allowed to soldiers. Gentlemen when called
upon to vote in many instances felt constrained
to explain their votes by saying that they voted
wr the increased compensation because it
accompanied the additional bounty to the sol-
diers and could not be separated, as being
equally parts of the report of a committee of
conference. They sought in this way to justify
themselves to the country. For my part, I
took occasion then to say before the House
that I voted both for the increased compensa-
tion to the members of Congress and for the
additional bounty to the soldiers because I
believed them both to be right.
For saying this I was subsequently called to
account in my district, and 1 told the people
that I had voted to increase the compensation
of members to $5,000 per annum, and that I
did not regret the vote, but was ready to repeat
it if necessary. I said I thought it no more
than sufficient, and that if my constituents
wanted a suitable Representative at a cheaper
rate they might go and.find him in the market.
Sir, it is all nonsense. If gentlemen are fit
to come here and legislate for the public, and
are to be drawn from their professions and pur-
suits in life, they are worth $5,000 a year and
worth any mileage that they get in addition.
With that view I cannot vote for any amend-
ment to the present law in this indirect way
of cutting down an appropriation.
Sir, the increased compensation was carried
by a vote of 51 to 50, as I remember ; and I
will venture to say that the fifty gentlemen
who recorded their votes against the increased
compensation wanted it more than the fifty- one
who voted for it; and if there had been any
doubt about the result we should never have
lacked one to change his vote and make a
majority, but they held back so as just to per-
mit it to pass, and nobody was better satisfied
with its passage than those who voted against
it and those who clamored against it afterward
or attempted to excuse themselves to their
constituents. That is my opinion. I may be
wrong.
Now, so far as mileage is concerned, there
is an inequality in that which perhaps it might
be well to correct in some degree if we could,
and yet, as the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] has said, there is some defense even
for this difference of mileage. Gentlemen are
drawn here from the Pacific or from other
remote States, and get twelve, fifteen, or seven-
teen hundred dollars allowance for mileage, but
they are far away from their business, far away
from their pursuits, far away from their homes,
and that always is attended with some incon-
venience and some expense which are not inci-
dent to being nearer the place of a man's ordi-
nary labors and ordinary residence. And then
there is the further consideration that gentle-
men who live nearer the capital go to their
homes frequently during the sessions of Con-
gress, either with or without leave, and many
of them pursue their professions, and keep up
those profitable occupations in which they are
engaged at home, from which others are almost
entirely if not-altogether withdrawn.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Chairman, I should not
have mingled in this debate at all if it had not
been that so much allusion has been made to
the history of this matter of the increase of the
salaries of -members of Congress from $3,000
to $5,000, and it is for the purpose of having
that history better understood than it would
be from what has already been said on the
subject that I have a word to say. Idonotsay
that any one has stated what is not true in
reference to what took place on that occasion,
but gentlemen have failed to tell the whole truth
upon that subject, and the truthhalf told is as
bad as a lie.
Now, it so happened that at the time the
salary of members of Congress was raised I
was a member of the other branch of Con-
gress. It is true that upon an appropriation
bill there was a proposition to make a new class
of bounties by which some gentlemen supposed
the soldiers were to be benefited, and I think
some other men besides the soldiers also. Upon
that appropriation bill the Senate placed an
amendment, raising the salary of members of
Congress from $3,000 to $5,000, but at the
same time they cut down the mileage from forty
cents to twenty cents a mile, which almost
equalized it.
Now, sir, I was one of those who voted in
the Senate in favor of raising it to $5,000, and
I did it openly and persistently, because I be-
lieved it to be right, as I believe it to-day to be
right. The Senate put that amendment upon
the bill, and it came over to the House, and it
is true that it was almost unanimously rejected
by a vote of this House. I believe the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck] and one or
two others had the courage to stand up ana
vote for it when it came originally from the
Senate, but substantially it was unanimously
voted down by this House, and it came back
to the Senate. And let mo say to you, Mr.
Chairman, and to those members upon this
floor who were not members of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, that the Senate of the United
States never saw such a lobby as they saw on
that day. There never was such pressure
brought to bear upon that, body, I venture to
say, since we had a Senate of the United States,
as there was then by that lobby, made up of
gentlemen that came from this end of the Cap-
itol. [Laughter.] Senators never were im-
plored by so anxious men to stand their ground
and be firm, and not allow themselves to be
driven—never. [Laughter.] And when the
bill came back from the Senate to this end of
the Capitol there never was a body of men so
willingly forced as were gentlemen upon this
floor. [Laughter.]
Mr. WELKER. I want to ask the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Poland] if any
member of the House who voted against the
increase of salaries, afterward went over to
the Senate and importuned members of that
body to insist upon the provision ?
Mr. POLAND. I should dislike very much
to be catechised too closely on that subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
does not think that question is catechising
him too closely.
Mr. POLAND. There could not have been
a very large number of members over there, if
only those went who voted in favor of the
proposition. But very many more members
were to be seen over there than those whose
names are to be found in the list of yeas and
nays among those who voted in favor of the
proposition when it was first voted upon in
the House. That is all I desire to say in
reference to that point.
I myself do not believe that the salary of
$5,000 now provided by law is any more than
a fair compensation for the services of any
man who is fit to be a member of any Congress.
I do not think any gentleman upon this floor
believes it to be too much ; and when gentlemen
suppose they are making capital with their con-
stituents by undertaking to cut down the pay
of members of Congress below what all sensi-
ble people throughout the country know is no
more than a fair compensation then they are
altogether mistaken.
I had occasion the very first time I was
nominated as a candidate for this House to
give my views before a very large body of my
constituents in reference to this subject. With-
out a dissenting voice a very large convention
of the people of my district, every single man
of them sustained my course, upoivthe subject;
and the constituents of every gentleman would
do the same. Gentlemen are making no cap-
ital among the people by the course they are
taking here in reference to this subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, to make the
paragraph read as follows :
For compensation of members of the House of
Representatives and Delegates from Territories,
$1,000,000: Provided, That no part of this sum shall
be applied to the payment of mileage.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the vote will be taken
upon this amendment; otherwise I must move
that the committee rise for the purpose of clos-
ing debate.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to—ayes twenty-five ; noes not
counted.
