3088
THD CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
April 29,
Mr. DAVIS. I think that law of Wyoming
is just about right, or very nearly so. I have
known two or three brakesmen to be killed
from the breaking of a chain connected with
their brake. It would certainly be wrong to
say thai a brakesman who met his death from
the breaking of a chain upon which hia safety
depended should not have oanse of actioq. -
Suppose that in that case death ensues, not
only to that brakesman, but to another em-
ploy6 upon the train; he certainly ought to
have a remedy against the company for the
detVct in that chain or any other part of the
machinery. It might be that that criminal
defect of the machinery might produce the
death of several employes upon the train.
That ought not to deprive them of a remedy
against the company. I admit—and I do not
think the law could receive such a construc-
tion—that where the accident resulted from
the negligence of the employ& he should not
have a right of action and be indemnified for
the consequences nf his own neglect. I sug-
gest that an amendment be made to the law, so
as to make an exception where the occurrence
results from the negligence of the employA.
In every other case certainly every employ^
who is injured upon a railroad train ought to
have a remedy against the company. There-
lore, this bill ought not' to pass except simply
to repeal the law so tar as it may be supposed
to have application to giving to persons in the
employment of a railroad company a cause of
action for occurrences that have bean the re-
sult of their own neglect. There everybody
will say that they ought not to have the right
to sue. But the idea of a man being bound by
his own contract not to sue for damages is pre-
posterous. How many tens of thousands of
times do common carriers advertise that they
will not be responsible for damage to property
Or life; but it would be against public policy
and it would be against humanity to allow sOch
contracts to be made. There is nothing that
would be more against publio policy than that.
If the honorable Senator from Michigan will
restrict therepfeal of this law simply to cases in
which the employ^ had been guilty of neglect,
and restrict him in his right to sue in such
cases. I suppose everybody would agree to it.
Beyond that. I believe the law as enacted by
the Territory of Wyoming is exactly right.
Mr. HOWARD. Of coarse at common law
in certaiu cases an employ^ may bring a suit
against the company for damages done to his
person; but we all know very well that if he
has been guilty ot any negligence in the per-
formance of his duty, especially if that neglect
has brought upon him the accident, he has n<>
right to recovery; bo that wfe hare a law suffi-
cient for that purpose already.' The common
law itself, the nnrsing mother, a4 it is tailed
in reference to statutes, provides a sufficient
remedy.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator will
permit me to suggest that I understood him as
giving a construction to this act of the terri-
torial Legislature inconsistent with that prin*
ciple of the common law.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly the act itself,
in my judgment, is utterly inconsistent with
the rules of the common law.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think it is uirfesa if
gives the right of action to an employ^ where
he has been gnilty of neglect. If it do&s, I
admit it would be erroneous; but so soon as
that erroneous feature of it was expunged by
an amendment I should think the law would
be exactly right,
Mr. BAYARD. I suggest that we are
scarcely prepared to vote upon this matter of
the repeat of a statute of the Territory of
Wyoming until we have that statute more dis-
tinctly before us. The bill is reported here to
repeul certain laws, giving their titles only.
The snbstanee of them hus not been before
die Senate, although I understood the honor'
able Senator from Michigan—n-
Mr. HOWARD. The statute itself is found
ii Miscellaneous Dooument No. 67 of this
session.
Mr. BAYARD. I am aware that the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan is reading from
a copy of it; but I have not seen any uiyself,
nor do I know where it can be procured. But
I will say this much : it is no objection per ge
that a statute should work a modification of
the common law. There are few States in
the Union in which the common law has not
been modified with great, advantage to the ex-
isting state of affairs. The most customary
one is a modification of that rule of the com-
mon law which forbids the survivanoy of an
action for personal injuries. We all know that
almost all the States now have statutory pro-
visions by which a person who is killed by one
of these railroad companies—I do not mean an
employ^; I mean a passenger or any other
persou not being a trespasser on their works—
has a right of action surviving to his legal
representatives, which could not be doiie at
common law. Who shall doubt that a widow
is entitled, most properly, to compensation
where her husband, who is her sole means of
support, has been swept out of existence by
the criminal negligence of one of these rail-
road corporations? It is a very frequent
method of amending the common law and per-
fecting the common law by statute.
, Now, a word in regard to this proposition.
All that I gather in regard to it is from hearing
the Btatute of Wyoming Jead by the Senator
from Mioaigaa, I have not had the oppor-
tunity of examining it, but I think it ought to
be examined by. the Senate before they pro-
pose to repeal a law without knowing precisely
what they are repealing. . I am not prepared
to say that there ought not to be an additional
modification of that rule of the common law
which prohibits aa employe from recovering
for damages received by him iu his incidental
employment. The eases which touch that prin-
ciple hiive been subjected to a great deal of
refined reasoning both in England and in this
country, and the difference between the rules
oft which those cases have been decided is not
always v«tfy tangible or distinct. The matter
is open for very general and vary serious dis-
cussion as to whether a man, by entering the
service of one of these great corporations and
contributing by his own negligence nothing to
the injury he receives, should thereby be de-
prived ot' every right, either for himself, if he
survives, or of hi6 representatives at law should
he die, to receive compensation from the cor-
poration, the negligence of whose agents has
lost binj bis health and perljaps life itself. I
say that the principle is a very serious and a
very grave one ; and I am. not disposed lightly
to take from a.Territory, the power to pass
legislation.affecting the corporations within its
own limits which shall give to the employ6 the
same right of action that any other person
would ifctve for negligence from which he had
suffered.
Mr. DAVIS. The position the Senator from
Delaware has jijst stated is the whole effect of
this law.
Mr. BAYARD. My honorable friend from
Kentucky was-ieferring to the nullity of releases
iri advance for injuries. That is upon a very
plain rule, that you cannot release a possibil-
ity of actiop, You cannot release the action,
because it has not come. That is a very com-
mon principle; and it is upon that ground that
all these attempts of railroad corporations in
the country to impress upon their free tickets,
or to impress upon their various certificates
of travel, a contract between themselves and
the passenger or between themselves and the
goods which they undertake to carry, which
shall release them from their obligation as
common carriers, have been overruled under
the high policy of the country to carry safely
where they undertake to carry at all. It will
be an evii day for our country when those cor-
porations shall be able to absolve themselves
from that obligation.
This act of the Territory of Wyoming has
just been placed upou my desk. My oppor-
tunity to examine it lias been very slight. As
I think, this i;i a very grave subject, touching
the fortunes and the comfort and the happi-
ness of a very large body of men who have not
too many advocates in this Chamber—I mean
the employes of railroad corporations—ami I
am disposed to ask that this bill be passed over
until a proper examination of it can be had.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware objects, aud the bill will go
over, under the rule.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the hon-
orable Senator if he will not be willing to let
it pass over informally until ho can look at the
law ?
Mr. BAYARD. I only mean that it be
passed over for the purpose of justifying my-
self in voting upon it, for 1 think itis a serious
question.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator would be
willing to have it taken up to-morrow?
Mr. BAYARD. I do not mean to obstruct
the passage of the bill; bat it should be con-
sidered before its passage.
Mr. STEWAR'L. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator that there are some other acts proposed
to be repealed by this bill, and he would con-
cur in their repeal. The bill ought to pass so
as to repeal some of those acts beyond doubt.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is so. I
understand from the Senator from Michigan
that there are other statutes which provide for
appointing a receiver under certain circum-
stances to take control of this great road by
the courts of Wyoming. I think those statutes
ought to be repealed.
Mr. BAYARD. I am perfectly aware of the
ample discretionary power of Congress to re-
vise the legislation of a Territory; but I think
in a matter of this sort, affecting the private
rights of a class of men who have so little
power of making themselves heard here, it
should be acted upon with deliberation and
care.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Seaator from Delaware to
object to the further consideration of this bill.
Mr. BAYARD. For the present.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the Senator
to say that he was willing it might be passed
over informally to give him an opportunity of
looking at the statutes.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to that.
Mr. THAYER. Say until Monday.
Mr. HOWE. I was about to ask whether
there was any serious objection to recommit-
ting this bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no; not to the
Judiciaty Committee. It belongs flo the Ter-
ritorial Committee. They have had charge
of it.
Mr. HOWE. If that is objected to I shall
not press it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no need of
recommitting it. I think we have discussed
this question sufficiently. The Committee on
Territories has examined it.
Mr. HOWE. The point is this: the Senator
from Michigan, who is a good lawyer, as every-
body knows, differs as to the construciion of
this Wyoming act with the Senator from Illi-
nois, who everybody knows is a good lawyer.
Now, upon that point I am bound to say I agree
with the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. HOWARD. Then there are two lawyers
against one.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, there are two,lawyers
against one. I cannot think that the Wyom-
ing act has any other object in view but this,
to place the employes of the railroad corn-
pauy upon the same footing precisely that
strangers are placed when injured by the oper-
ations of the company. When a stranger to
the company sues the company for damages
sustained the question is whether the injury
is the result of his carelessness or of the care-
