4976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
ment for payment ought to be satisfactory
evidence that the bond has been lost.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no doubt I should
think just as my friend from Indiana does if I
had not known of just such cases. One I
remember on the Pacific coast,, where it was
demonstrated by the evidence that coupon
bouds were burned up on a ship at sea, and
duplicates were issued; but after a few years
the original bonds and the coupons turned up.
Now, it appears that this bond was burned up
in a house when the man was away. What
became of the rest of his valuables we are
not informed ; whether it was only the bond
that was destroyed we do not know. 1 think
if we are going to do anything on the subject
of coupon bonds, (which we ought never to do
under any circumstances,) we should do it as
the Senator from Ohio states the practice is—
and the only safe practice, if we are to do any-
thing—issue a duplicate for the bond that has
been lost or destroyed. With a view of offer-
ing an amendment to that effect, I ask that
the bill may be laid aside until an amendment
can be prepared and offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects to the further consideration
of the bill.
Mr. PRATT subsequently said : I have pre-
pared an amendment which I have submitted
to the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
and to the Senatorfrom Ohio, [Air. Sherman,]
which is acceptable to both of them, to the bill
for the relief of the heirs of William Eddy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that bill will be again considered.
It is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Pratt] will be read.
The amendment was to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause and insert as a
substitute:
That the Secretary of the Treasury bo authorized
and directed to issue to the heirs of William Eddy,
formerly ot lloyalston, in the State of iUassachusetts,
nowdeccased, aduplicate coupon bond ofthodenom-
ination of $1,000 of the fourth series under the actof
the 25th February, 18G2, numbered 26971, bearing in-
terest from November 1,1803. in pbi.ee of a like coupon
bond issued to the said William Eddy on or about
the IStb day of December, 18G3, and which bond with
the coupons attached, it is alleged, were consumed by
live on the 21st day of March, 18G1, while still the
property of said Eddy: J'rovided, That befoie the
issue of such bond the said lioirs ot William Eddy
cxecuto a bond to the United States in such penalty
and with such security a<* the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall, require, conditioned that the obligors will
indemnifyand save harmless the United States against
any loss by reason of the possiblo existence of tho
bond so alleged to be destroyed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to bo engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1024) for the relief of Prudence Davis; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No." 235) ceding to the Slate of
New York Oyster Island, in the harbor of' New
York; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RICE. At the request of the Senator
from Tennessee, who is not in his seat, [Mr.
Brownlow,] I ask unanimous consent to intro-
duce a bill with a view to reference.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1025) to divide the
State of Tennessee into two judicial districts;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
RAILROAD AT SACKET1''S HARBOR.
Mr. CONKLING. There is on the table a
bill of the House of local interest in New York
and of very slight importance. I ask to have
it read and considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to submit it to the Senate at the opening
of the session, as the rules require; but the
Senator from New York was not in his seat
who had indicated yesterday that he desired to
be present when the bill was submitted, so that
he might ask for its immediate passage.
The bill (H. R. No. 2348) granting the
right of way to the Carthage, Watertown, and
Sackett's Harbor Railroad Company was
read twice, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, by unanimous consent. It grants
the right of way through the public lands of
the United States lying in the village of Sack-
ett's Harbor, county of Jefferson, New York,
to the Carthage, Watertown, and Sackett's
Harbor Railroad Company, if, in the opinion
of the President of the United States, such
grant be not injurious to the public interests.
The location of the road is to be approved by
the President as to its position and width. If
the railroad shall not be completed within three
years, or if at any time after its completion it
shall be discontinued or abandoned, the grant
made by the act is to cease and determine.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask leave to make a
single remark. The military authorities have
been consulted in regard to this matter, and
they agree in its propriety. The whole propo-
sition is to allow a railroad which cannot get
out to a highway without crossing the corner
of a little military reservation to cross that
reservation with its track.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from New York whether he will not
limit the right of way to one hundred feet or
two hundred feet; one hundred feet is the usual
right of way.
Mr. CONKLING. They do not want any
right of way except simply to put down their
ties and tracks across a little corner of a square
in the village of Sackett's Harbor. They only
want to occupy it as they would occupy a
corner here if a railroad track were to cross a
corner of this Senate Chamber. They want
no right of way except simply to deposit their
stringers and ties.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the Senator
where this railroad is; at Sackett's Harbor?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. That is all right.
Mr. HOWE. How large is the reservation?
Mr. CONKLING. A village square.
Mr. HOWARD. They need a railroad more
than a military reservation, I take it.
Mr. CONKLING. No doubt of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. The only question is,
whether the width of this right of way should
not be limited. We always do that in the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONKLING. This is all subject to the
direction and approval of the military author-
ities. 1" repeat to the Senator that all the com-
pany want to do is to put their iron across the
' corner of this square; they want no right of
way and no occupation except that implied by
the actual gauge of their track. That is all
there is of it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask now for the considera-
tion of the bill which was called up on my
motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to ask for the con-
sideration of the motion made by me yesterday,
to reconsider the vote on the passage of the
Southern Pacific railroad bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would re-
quire unanimous consent at this time. The
Senator from Missouri has had a bill called up
subject to morning business.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the motion to re-
consider mentioned by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill called
up by the Senator from Missouri is now before
the Senate, being the bill (S. No. 458) to
authorize and aid the Kansas Pacific Railway
Company to extend and construct its railroad
and telegraph line to El Paso, in New Mexico.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senators concerned in
the Texas Pacific railway bill appeal to me to
yield on their behalf for the consideration of
the motion to reconsider made by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, which I will do, as I under-
stand it will be disposed of immediately.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I renew the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves that the Senate proceed
to consider the motion to reconsider the vote
on the passage of ihe bill (S. No. 647) to aid
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Marshall, Texas, to San Diego, Cali-
fornia, with branches and connections.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on reconsidering the vote on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to know why
the honorable Senator desires to have it recon-
sidered. That will control my vote, if I approve
the honorable Senator's purpose 
Mr. CAMERON. I will say to the Senator
that ithasbeenagteed, I believe, by the friends
of the bill that the clause which authorizes the
companies that may join this principal com-
pany to get in iron from abroad shall be limited
to the amount of the contracts which they have
made; and there has been an understanding
between all the parties here that that amount
shall be limited to twenty thousand tons. I
think there is no difference of opinion on that
subject. My intended motion is to restrict the
amount of iron from abroad to twenty thousand
tons. That, I believe, meets the views of all
the friends of the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. If this motion to reconsider
is to give rise to debate I shall withdraw my
yielding to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate have
decided to proceed to its consideration. It is
now before the Senate by the vote of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. It was done at my yielding.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. That is trul,
but the Chair cannot control the action of the
Senate.
_ Mr. DRAKE. It was staled to me when I
yielded that it would not take a minute to
settle if..
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to reconsider the vote on the
passage of this bill.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 15, noes 31.
So the motion to reconsider was not
agreed to.
KANSAS PACIFIC RAILWAY.
Mr, DRAKE. Now I call for the other bill.
Ihe \ ICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 458) to authorize
and aid the Kansas Pacific Railway Company
to extend aud construct its railroad and tele-
graph line to El Paso, in New Mexico.
Mr. DRAKE. I propose to move a substi-
tute for that bill, as it will take much less time
to put it in that shape than it will to incor-
porate the amendments made by the Senate
the other night. I propose to move as a sub-
stitute for the bill the amendment which I send
to the Secretary, and which is in the shape that
the Senate put this matter by its amendments
the other night.
Mr. NYE. Will not the Senator from Mis-
souri let us take the vote on the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlax] to the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad bill ?
Mr. DRAKE. I cannot give way to anything.
It is now thirty minutes since I had the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to take up this bill,
and I have just got to it. I have given way to
everything.
