1870.
THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1201
insist that no change shall be made in our pre-
vious action. I wish the House and the com-
mittee to act understanding^ on this question,
and to know what they are voting when they
vote this amendment. This, as I understand
it, and if I am wrong gentlemen will cor-
rect me, is a proposition to increase the pay
of the oilicers of this House; for, sir, if we
grunt this now how can we resist applications
from other officers of the House to increase
their pay ? I have nothing further to say.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to oppose the
amendment, and to say that in my opinion the
amendment as proposed by the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations is utterly
impracticable. Let me call his attention to it.
Four thousand three hundred and twenty dol-
lars are appropriated, "provided he shall
receive, directly or indirectly, no fees or other
compensation or emoluments for performing
the duties of his office, or in connection there-
with." Now, I ask whether the Sergeant-at-
Arms, under this proposition, is expected to go
all over the country, as he has done in pre-
vious Congresses, to summon witnesses and to
keep them in custody, and to go home in
charge of the remains of members who die
here, and to have no pay for it? Is he to pay
all these expenses out of his own pocket? It
is utterly impracticable. It is inconsistent with
justice and with the ordinary legislation of this
House, as it seems to me. I will go with the
gentleman in cutting off all unnecessary and
excessive fees; but if the Sergeant-at-Arms is
to pay all these expenses out of his own pocket,
his salary will very soon be exhausted. I sub-
mit it will either be injustice to the Sergeant-
at-Arms or to the House, for he would be
bringing in bills all the time, which, of course,
we would be asked to pay.
Mr. DAWES. If the Sergeant-at-Arms is
obliged to pay out money in the discharge of
his duties, of course it will be reimbursed to
him. That will not come under the designa-
tion of " compensation or emoluments."
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The debate is closed on
this amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. All I wished to say was
that the expenses incident to the performance
of a function formed part of the performance
of that function.
Mr. DAWES. I think there will be no
trouble as to that.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then the result will be
that we will have bills brought in which will
have to be paid in addition to the salary.
The question being put on Mr. Dawes's
amendment, there were, on a division—ayes
96, noes 16.
So the amendment was agreed to."
Mr. DAWES. I now move to amend, by
substituting at line one hundred and thirty-two
"$144,667 60," instead of "$142,531 60;"
so that the last line of the paragraph, which
has just been under consideration, will read,
"making in all $144,667 60."
Mr. WELKER. I rise in form to oppose the
amendment merely for the purpose of asking
the chairman of the committee whether the
officers provided for by the appropriation in
this paragraph are the set of officers that are
now in office in and around this building?
Mr. DAWES. Yes.
Mr. WELKER. And I further ask whether
there has been any reduction in the number
of the officers or employes ?
Mr. DAWES. The committee have not cut
down the number of officers. They have put
the compensation of the pages in the House at
§2 50 per day, whereas hitherto they have
received only two dollars. The compensation
of the Senate pages, which has been three dol-
lars, they have made $2 50. They put all the
pages, both in the House and in the Senate,
at $2 60.
Mr. WELKER. And the only difference is
as to the Journal clerk ?
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 76.
Mr. DAWES. In reality there is no differ-
ence as to the Journal clerk.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to call
the attention of the committee to the appropri-
ations made from the one hundred and fourth
to the one hundred and ninth line, and, in
order to say what I desire to say, I move to
strike out those lines, which are as follows :
For clerk to Committee of Ways and Means, §2,592;
clerk to Committee on Appropriations, 62,592; clork
to Committee of Claims, $2,100; clerk to Committee
on t'no Public Lands, 62,100.
I have made the motion not because I desire
to strike out this paragraph, but that T may get
the attention of the committee to what seems
to me a better thing to do than to conduct our
payments of clerks of committees in the way
here arranged. Here are selected out four
clerks, or the clerks of four committees, and
two or three rates of pay are designated for
them. I have no objection to these clerks being
paid as is here designated ; but there are two
or three other methods of paying clerks of the
committees of this House, and the whole mat-
ter is in a very irregular state.- Apart from the
appropriations made by this paragraph, some
committees have clerks who are paid .six dol-
lars a day for the whole term, during the
sessions and during the vacations. Then there
are other clerks who are paid $4 80 a day dur-
ing the sessions of the House, and not during
the whole term, and others who are paid that
amount during the whole term.
Now, it appears to me that this whole busi-
ness of the payment of clerks is too much left
to what I may call luck or chance, and that the
proper committee of this House ought to bring
in a bill to have the whole subject regulated by
law, so that it shall be known, and definitely
agreed and adjusted upon some equitable basis
how we shall pay our clerks of committees.
| Take the case of the committee with which
' I am more particularly connected, the Com-
: mittee on Banking and Currency. The clerk
j of that committee has had, if not more work,
| at least as much work to do as the clerk of any
! committee of this House during this session.
I The Committee on Banking and Currency have
met every secular day since and including the
15th day of January last, and yet he is receiv-
ing only $4 80 per day during the session of
the House, while there are five or six clerks
of committees who are receiving at the rate of
six dollars a day, the vacations included, and
others that are receiving still higher rates, cov-
ering the whole time of the long vacation as
well as the short one.
Then again, Mr. Chairman, what committees
in this House shall have clerks, is another
question that is not adjusted with any degree
of equity. One member will, at a time when
the House is thin, make amotion that his com-
mittee shall have a clerk, and his motion will
prevail. Another member, whose committee,
perhaps, needs a clerk more than the one that
has just been granted one, offers his resolu-
tion when the House is in a bad temper, and it
fails, and so the whole business is adjusted on
an uncertain, irregular, and inequitable basis.
I think that if we strike out this provision for
the clerks of four committees, some of which
are as important as any in the House, but not
more so than others, the whole business can
be adjusted on an equitable basis.
Mr. CULLOM. I do not understand that
committees are allowed clerks by the House
in the mannerthat the gentleman has indicated
at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, yes, they are.
Mr. CULLOM. Resolutions in reference
to the employment of clerks to committees
have to go to the Committee on Accounts, and
no committee can have a clerk unless it is
recommended by that committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
is mistaken in the fact.
Mr. INGERSOLL. No; he is right.
Mr. DAWES. I will say, in answer to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] that
the clerks ot these four committees are pro-
vided for by law as salaried clerks. All the
other clerks of committees have been appointed
under resolutions adopted by the House, and
are paid out of the contingent fund of the
House, and whether they shall be paid six
dollars a day or $4 80 a day, and whether they
shall be paid during the session only or during
the Congress, depends upon the vote of the
House. The Committee on Appropriations
have nothing whatever to do with that. They
appropriate so much for the contingent fund of
the House, and the House makes war upon the
contingent fund with its resolutions.
The clerks of committees in the Senate are
all paid a higher rate than the clerks of com-
mittees in the House.
There are two or three clerks of committees
of the House, besides these four, who are paid
six dollars a day during the Congress. One
of them is the clerk of the Committee of
Elections, who works every day, as I happen
to know, during the vacation as much as dur-
ing the session of Congress. The clerk of the
Judiciary Committee is another, and I am told
that the clerk of the Committee on Military
Affairs receives the same pay. I do not know
exactly how many clerks there are who get six
dollars a day during the Congress, but there
are at least three or four. The rest get a
smaller sum during the session only. But
whether it be more or less is decided by the
resolution of the House, which has to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Accounts and
reported back by them. I saw that yester-
day a resolution was offered to employ a clerk
for the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
I had the honor to serve upon that committee
in the first Congress I was here, and it is re-
freshing to know that the committee still lives;
but there is no occasion for any appropriation
in this bill even to keep the committee alive,
much less to give them a clerk.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not know
that any one thinks that the Committee on Ap-
propriations is responsible for this inequality
in the pay of clerks of committees j but I de-
sired to call the attention of the Committee of
the Whole to this irregular and, it seems to me,
inequitable method of settling this question.
If this provision were stricken out the House
would make some other and more permanent
arrangement, and therefore I think the best
course is to strike out this whole matter, so as
to coerce the House into definite action on the
subject.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the part
of the clause which it is proposed to strike out
by striking out the last word. I do it for the
purpose of saying to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] that what he proposes to
strike out is the provision for these four clerks,
whose pay is fixed by law, and which I am sure
no member of either of those committees will
say they are not entitled to, while it will leave
the other matter of which he complains just
as it is now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What I ask is
that it shall all be put into "pi," and setup
anew.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. ARNELL. I renew it. I desire to say
that this whole matter in regard to clerks to
committees was referred to the Committee on
Accounts, and if there is any one subject that
has given that committee trouble it is this one.
As the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] has said, a continual war is waged
upon the contingent fund of the House, and a
persistent effort is made, generally by commit-
tees that do not meet often, to have clerks
appointed. The Committee on Accounts have
several resolutions on the subject now before
them. I desire to say further, that in order to
do justice in the matter, the Committee on Ac-
counts of the last Congress summoned before
them the clerks of all the committees, and
