1870.
T£E C0NGKBSSI02UL GLOB®.
4977
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
The Chiei" Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause and in lieu of the matter stricken out
to insert:
That thelCansas Pacific Railway Company be, and
the same is hereby, authorized to extend and eon-
struct its railway and telegraph line from a point on
its present lino of railroad, at or west of the town of
.bllsworlh, to be lixedbythe company,so as to make
the most direct and practical line by the way of the
Aikansas and llio Grande rivers, to a point in the
vatley ot' the Rio Grande on the northern boundary
of the republic of Mexico.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That for the pur-
pose of aiding in the construction of the railroad and
telegraph line of the Kansas Pacific llailway Com-
pany hereinbefore authorized thereis hereby granted
to said Kansas Pacific Itailway Company, its suc-
cessors and assigns, every alternate section of public
land, not mineral, designated by odd numbers, to the
amount of twenty alternate sections per mile on each
side of saidrnilroad line, as such line may beadopl ed
by said company, through the Territories of the Uni-
ted States, and ten alternate sections of land per
milo on each side of said railroad in any State; and
wherever on tho lino thereof the United States have
full title, not reserved, sold, granted, or otherwise
appropriated, and free trom preemption or other
claim or rights, at tho time the line of said road is
designated by a plat thereof, filed in tho office of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office; and when-
ever, prior to said time, any of said sections or parts
of sections shall have been granted, sold, reserved,
occupied by homestead settlers, preempted, or other-
wise disposed of, other lands shall be selected in lieu
thereof by said company, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, in alternate sections, and
designated by odd numbers, not more than ten miles
beyond the limits of said alternate sections, and
not including the reserved numbers. In lieu of min-
eral lands excluded from this grant, a like quantity
ot unoccupied and unappropriated agricultural lands
in odd-numbeicd sections nearest to the line of
said road, and not more than ten miles beyond the
limits of said alternate sections, may be selected as
above provided; and the woid *'mineral," when it
occurs in this act, shall not be held to include iron
and coal: Provided-, That each and every grant,
right, and privilege herein is made and given upon
condition that the said company shall commence tho
wovk on the lino of road hereinbefore authorized
within two years from the parage of this act, and
shalicoiuplcte not less than fifty miles per yeartheie-
aftor, o.nd shall construct, equip, furnish, and com-
plete the said line of road by the 4th day of July,
A. 1). 1870: And provided further, That the said grant
is made upon and subject to the terms, conditions,
limitations, and restrictions contained in the several
acts relating to said company, and not inconsistent
with this act.
^iSKC. 3. Arid bo it further enacted, That tho said
Kansas Pacific llailway Company may increase its
capital stock, and mortgage its road and franchises
to secure its bonds,to an amount and lor sum.-> &utii-
cicnt to obtain the money to construct the road herein
provided for; butthe preferred use of said road, and
also that of all the other lines of road ot said com-
pany, shall be at all times sccured to tho United
States; and the provisions of law requiring one half
of the compensation for services rendered for the
Government by said company to be applied to the
payment of the bonds heretofore issued by the Gov-
ernment in aid of the construction of the road of
said company shall apply to the road herein author-
ized, and also to all the other lines of road of said
company; and any surplus of said one half, after
paying the interest on said bonds, shall be applied to
the payment of the principal of said bonds; and no
further issue of bonds to said company in aid of build-
ing its road shall be made by the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted. That as the rail-
road of the said Kaubas Pacific Railway Company
herein provided for shall he completed hy sections of
twenty miles, the Secretary of the Interior, if the
same has not already been done, shall cause tho
lands within the exterior limits of the grant to bo
surveyed, and thereafter all tho even-numbered sec-
tions and parts of sections of the public lands, except-
ing mineral lands within said limits, shall be Mtbject
to settlement and sale under the homestead and pre-
emption laws; and all the odd-numbered sections
granted the company within the limits atoresaid,
except coal and iron lands, and such tracts of tim-
bered land and lands containing stone or other quar-
ries, and lands necessary for stations, depots, and
shops, as the said company may designate and reserve
fonailroad purposes, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior, shall beopen to settlement
and claim under the preemption laws, in tracts con-
taining not more than eighty acics or a half quarter
bcction, said odd-nurabcred tracts to be paid tor at a
rate not exceeding $2 50 per acre. All the moneys
received froin the sale ot such tracts iu the odd-
numbered sections >hall be paid over by tlie Sefretary
of the Treasury to the said company when the said
railroad is or may be completed adjacent thereto;
and the Commissioner of the General Land Oilk-o
shall, upon the completion of any section of twenty
mile*? of said road, at the request of said company,
furnish said company with a list of all the odd-num-
bered tracts within the limits of the giant, and ot the
selections to which the company shall be entitled
after tailing into account the tracts for which tho
41sx Coxa, 2d Sess.—No. 812.
purchase money has been paid to said company, and
to which a_ preemption right ha.s attached, which lists
anal] vest in tbe company the fee-simple title to said
lands, subject to the right of entry by preemption
settlers as atoresaid; but this right of preemption
shall not prevent the sai4 railroad company from
selling the granted lands to actual settlors, upon
giving ii<}tie<> to the properUnited States land officer,
before a sale of the same tract by the United States,
subject to the existing rights of preemption settlers
as aforesaid; and for the purpose of rendering the
l&nds withm the grants to said company habitable
ana productive by irrigation the right to take water
from the streams, and materials for construction and
maintenance, and all lands sufficient and necessary
for canals, water-ways, ditches, and reservoirs, and
for operating and protecting the same, is hereby
granted to said company, arid all settlements herein
provided for, made after the filing of the map desig-
nating the general route cf the road, and the with-
drawal of the lands, shall be made subject to all the
provisions of this act; Provided, That in the furnish-
ing of water to cultivators and oceupantsof adjacent
land, whether upon odd or oven numborod sections,
no discrimination shall be made against any or either
of thorn using water for irrigation, but the price or
rent for quantity shall be upon equal terms to each
and all, and the company shall not demand or re-
ceive a rato of rout or charge for the water which
shall exceed ten per cent, per annum upon tho cost
of construction, maintenance, and superintendence
of tho irrigating improvements herein authorized.
And in addition to tho report now required to be
annually made by said company there shall be added
a description and statement of the cost of the con-
struction and maintenance of all tho irrigating im-
provements made by saidcomyanyundorthoauthor-
ity of this act, and of the rents received for the use
of the same : and the Secretary of the Interior may,
from time to tunc, require further and detailed re-
ports from the company of all its operations under
the provisions of this section: Provided, however,
That nothing in this act shall be so construed as to
prevent any citizens of the United States fromtaking
water from the natural channels of streams on the
samo terms and conditions with said company.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the substitute.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I observe that there is an
unusual provision here giving lands in lieu of
mineral lands. The lands that are declared to
be mineral lands, I suppose, when tlie surveyor
general surveys this territory, are excepted
l'rom this grant, and other lands in lieu thereof
are granted ; and there is a strip of ten miles
on each side set apart to make up the deficiency
of mineral lands. That is unusual. Thereis
only one instance of the kind on record; and
if I had had my attention called to it I should
have objected to that.
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest to the Senator to
move to strike out that clause. It -is unusual.
I do not see any reason for our doing that.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa
agrees with me that it is unusual; and I think
it ought to be stricken out.
Mr. DRAKE. Will tho Senator from Kan-
sas be so good as to designate m what partic-
ular part of the bill it is7
Mr. POMEROY. I have never paid any
attention to the substitute; but I noticed that
a clause was in it to the effect that a strip of
ten miles 011 each side for thewhulci length of
the road was allowed to make up this deficiency.
We have never clone that before except in
one instance, to which my attentiou was not
called.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As this is making a laud
grant of over twenty million acres of land,
and we have granted already a good deal this
year, and as the amendment of my friend from
Missouri is considerably interlined, I suggest
that this bill lie over until to morrow, and that
the substitute be printed, so that every Sen-
ator can see just in what shape the Senator
from Missouri wants it. We ought not to
grant away as much land as this without know-
ing precisely what we are doing, and on what
terms we are doing it. I move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow, and that the substitute agreed upon
be ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE. This bill now presented to
the Senate has been reported and on the desks
of Senators, substantially in the form now read,
ever since last February or March. It was
before the Senate the other evening, and the
amendments which are now in the substitute
in manuscript were adopted by the vote of the
Senate when the Senator from Vermont was
not here.
Mr. President, there has been no railroad
enterprise presented to the Senate during this
session of greater importance to the country
than this. Here is a company in existence that
offers to build a road six hundred miles long
over a region of country which no other railroad
company has asked tho privilege of building
over, or has asked aid to build over. It ruus
counter to no single existing railroad interest.
It runs through a region of country where the
laud this day, without railroads, is not worth
five cents per acre, but which will be brought
into cultivation if you will put a railroad
through it. I do hope that the Senate, which
has so fully considered this subject, will not
have this bill thrust over by a motion to print
for the accommodation of the Senator from
Vermont, who can just as readily understand
it in live minutes now by the copy before the
Senate as- if it were printed and laid on his
desk to-morrow morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The trouble is that the
Senator from Vermont does not wish to be
accommodated. I do not ask it as a matter of
accommodation, but I propose it as a matter
of public business. It is no favor to me to have
it put over. I do not ask it as a favor. I merely
suggest to the Senate, who are supposed to be
the guardians of the public land, although no-
body would suspect it from the way we are
going on, that we should kuow what we do
before we give away to a corporation who
intend to make profit out of it, and without
any demand of the public interest that we know
of, twenty five million acres of the best land
yet left; for, as my friend says, this happens
to be a streak of country that has not yet been
grabbed up, and now is the time he supposes
to take hold of it.
I propose for one that the Senate shall
Understand exactly what this company now
propose to do through my friend before I vote
for this bill, and I do not promise that I shall
vote for it then, or that I shall not. I want to
see what it is. The bill has been reported, it
is true, a long time ; but when I find my friend
from Missouri comes in here with a carefully
prepared substitute, where the uark of his
cunning pen is on every page and between
every two lines almost, I think I have a right-
not as a favor, but a right—to know what the
scope and bearing of such a substitute is. The
Senator has not explained to us the difference
between the substitute and tho origiual bill,
and we could not tell from his explanation
without looking at itwhether hisjudgment was
precisely correct as to the scope of l.he substi-
tute offered. One third of it now is manuscript,
changed from time to time, and place to place.
Mr. DRAKE. It is not so; one third of it
is not in manuscript.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont yield to the Senator from
Missouri?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. DPcAKE. The statement of fact is not
correct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont declines to yield, and cannct be inter-
rupted except with his own consent.
Mr. DRAKE. Well, sir, let the Senator
state the fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, before I
go on I wish to apologize to my friend from
Missouri for having unintentionally excited his
ire. I believe I said—I suppose it was out of
order—that about one third of the amendment
was manuscript. It is not best to occupy time
in counting up exactly; but on the lirat page
about half is rnanuscripted, if I can use such a
word, changed from place to place. The sec-
ond page, 1 believe, is intact. The third page
has one amendment. On the fourth page every
section is amended prctly largely.
Mr. DRAKE. With a few woids.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The filth page is also
amended, aud the sixth page is amended tiud
