1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2145
It may have been that they have been led away
by insanity. They have gone to that land, many
of them, in the belief that under the silver vail
of the Mormon prophet they would behold
another God, and many have shrank back
when the demon face of this infernal institu-
tion has been exposed to their view, but then,
alas I like poor Zelica, when she gazed upon
the horrid features of theprophet of Khorassan,
she found it was too late.
Sir, it is a system of fraud and crime. It
strikes at the vitals of the nation, at the good
order and peace of tho people. It strikes at
the influence and affections of age. I warn
gentlemen not to procrastinate longer with this
important question. I ask them not to listen
to the delusion with which this Mormon insti-
tution seems to surround them, but to put
forth their hands and strike out this thing; to
blot out this institution, so that in coming time
the nation, as it has arisen disenthralled from
(he great struggle against the oppression of the
black man, so shall it also arise pure from this
taiut in the Territories, with this last stain
erased from its escutcheon. Then we shall not
have the linger of scorn and contcmpt pointed
at us by all Christendom for sustaining in our
midst an institution so unhallowed and go
utterly in defiance of all sound principles.
M r. Speaker, tho long existence of polygamy
in Utah, and the failure to cnforcu the law
against it, does not prove that the people art)
indifferent to it; while many have been silent
some have spoken in tones not to be misunder-
stood. Vieo President Colfax has boarded tho
lion in his don, and tothoassembled Mormons
in Salt Lake Oil.y spoken words of power and
eloquence to these deluded people that echoed
all over the land. All honor to his pure, brave,
and manly heart.
That eloquent uud brilliant defender oilier
sex, Anna Dickinson, visited her oppressed ami
outraged sisters in Utah anil camo back to
speak of those " whited sopulchers," whoso
wrongs stirred her woman's heart to its inmost
depths. May her voice roach every heart in tho
land. Tho public conscience is awaking to the
question, and tho people wili destroy this sys-
tem as slavery was destroyed, if need be, by
force and in blood.
I ask tho House to pass this bill, and to give
us the bcuoiit of the experiment. Lotus trust
tho pe,oplo of tho Territories who do not believe
in this system. If wo must succumb, if we
rauat yield to tho church of tho Latter-day
SaintSj if the dream of tho Mormon prophet is
to be fulfilled, if tho degradation of ttiis Union
is to come to pass, let u>i attempt at least, to
maintain decently the honor ul the country.
Let the American Congress ai. least make an
effort to abolish this institution, and do ilsduty
and vindicate the majesty of tho law. The
law in Utah is powerless because il is in the
hands of criminals. Tho only power that has
any control over this institution in Utah is tho
Congress of tho United States, if you neglect
your dnty, if yon procrastinate, ifyou aroufniiit
of the Pacific railroad, if you are afraid some
one is going to be thrown out of employment,
ifyou are going to dispose of this bill quietly
ami let the whole matter sleep, why we must
submit; but, for one, I am determined that my
feeble voice shall bo heard on this question in
favor of the passage of tho bill and the enforce-
ment of tho laws. I enter my solemn protest
against the further coiitmuanceofthiaiuimoral
institution of polygamy,
I demand action, and I ask this Congress to
vote for this bill. 1 demand that this question
shall bo settled. Either blot out this institu-
tion or let Utali bo admitted as a State. Either
wipe this stain from our escutcheon or let Utah
come m as one ol the Stales of the Union, and
let the social barbarism which is practiced in
Utah to-day be allowed to spread throughout
the Union. But if you desire to have as your
constituents a virtuous people, if you desire
to enforce your laws, to keep up tho standard
of morals, and to clean out this pest-house of
4 1st Conc. 2d Suss.—No. '135.
iniquity, then I insist you should support and
pass this bill.
Gentlemen may bestow as many encomiums
as they please upon the people who practice
this thing; laud as much as they choose their
temperance, frugality, enterprise, and thrift;
excuse and palliate all they do in eloquent or
pathetic terms; it will not avail.
"Not all that heralds rake from coffin'd clay,
Nor florid proso, nor honeyed Hues of rhyme.
Can Mason evil floods or consecrate a crime."
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I think no
man, not even my eloquent friend from New
York, [Mr. Ward,] can be more desirous than
i am to put an end to this impure, offensive,
criminal condition of things existing in Utah;
and [ am not sure but some further act of pos-
itive legislation may bo needed to that end.
But there is too much of this bill. And I am
inclined to believe that the advance of lines of
railway and telegraph, and tho progress of the
tide of immigration, carrying with it all the
influences of Christian civilization, will do more
and be more effective than all our enactments
to accomplish the object which we have in
view. At any rate, it does seem to mo that
before wo can simplify the bill which we have
before ua so as to make it. answer the purposes
intended it will be necessary to prune it of
some of its provisions—its test-oaths, confis-
cation, and war—in order to make it what it
should bo. Now, there is a number of sub-
jects of very great and general interest which,
as chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, f represent on this floor, and which we
ought to be considering, so as tu send soon ut
least one of them to the Senate to he consid-
ered there. And I feel it to be my duty, with-
out. proceeding further with remarks upon tho
bill itself, except to give this brief general
opinion in regard to it, to endeavor by some
motion to get rid of it. us a subject of present
consideration and discussion before the House.
I propose to move to recommit, this bill, or, if
gentlemen hero are desirous of discussing tho
measure before any such motion is submitted,
or any motion lo lay on the table, or otherwise
disposing of il, J am willing to move to post-
pone the bill for consideration on some future
day. I admit that I do this with a view to get-
ting at other business before the House and
demanding attention. I am holding the floor
upon this bill, and will either submit a motion
to recommit, with a view to pruning it—which
by this time. I think, somo even of its friends
conceive to bo necessary—or i will move to
postpone il, say until Tuesday fivo weeks
lienee.
Mr. LOGAN. While it is in the morning
hour why not, let, it be disposed of?
Mr. SCHENCK. ft is not in the morning
hour. It is before tho House to the exclusion
of all otlier orders, and nothing can bo done
with otlier business until wo get this bill out of
tiie way.
Sir. LOGAN, Let us get it out of the way
by going on with it and disposing of it instead
of postponing it.
Mr. NCl-JLliNCfC. 1 yield to tho gentleman
i from Massachusetts, [.Mr. Butler.]
j Mr. BUTLKU, of Massachusetts. Mr.
j Speaker, J do not mean to discuss the merits
j of the bill, but 1 hopo wo may finish it and
I bring it to a vote and test the senso of the
! House upon it before wo proceed to other busi-
j ness. The President has just sent a Governor
j to Utah to endeavor to enforce the laws of
j the United States. And if we now lay aside
j this bill it will bo taken as evidence down
i there that tho Governor is not sustained, and
j not being sustained he wili bo powerless, if he
1 is not so already. Having examined the ques-
! tion of his power to enforce the laws of the
| United States, ho being a friend of mine, I
j thought he was substantially powerless before
| he went; and I think he is now substantially
powerless. If wo are going to deal with this
! question we ought to deal with it at once. The
i country demands that it shall be dealt with.
The feeling of all our people demands that this
question shall be settled. I think the senti-
ments of the people are more enlisted in favor
of this measure than of any other that is be-
fore the House. Upon this I think there is no
party division. There is no division of senti-
ment among good men upon the subject. Upon
funding bills, tariff bills, and tax bills we dis-
agree and divide into parties and sections of
parties. But that something should be done
here, on that I think there is no division of
sentiment. "We, at all events, of the Repub-
lican party have been pledged for years and years
that this fragment of barbarism shall be struck
down at the earliest moment after we have got
rid of the elder but not greater crime, that of
slavery.
Now, I propose that we should go on, and
with as short speeches as possible—I do not
propose to make any myself—dispose of this
bill, and vote on it and send it to the Senate.
A postponement t.o this day five weeks, in my
judgment, would be death to the bill; and I
shall vote as if it was. 1 do not mean to say
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck |
intends by any side wind to kill the bill. The
gentleman no doubt naturally, appropriately,
and justly thinks that tlie tariff bill which he
has in charge, and which is a very important
measure, should have the precedence on this
lloor, and I have no doubt with all honesty of
purpose and integrity of desire brings forward
the motion which ho has intimated. I trust
that while it is the special order, and the press-
ure will be upon it all the lime, that nothing
else can be done until we get it out of the way,
wo shall let, it, stay there so that wo can bring
it to an end.
Air. SCllENCK resumed the floor.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; but I would
rather that gentlemen did not inject speeches
into what I intended should be a very brief
proceeding on my part.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to say, as chair-
man of the Committee on tho Territories, that
so far as I know or have heard, there is no gen-
eral disposition on the part of tho House lo con-
tinue the discussion upon this bill very long. I
have expeeted myself that if the bill was taken up
to-day, as it lias been, the discussion might run
through to-day and part of to-morrow, andthen
I propose to move the previous question on the
bill and such amendments as may be offered
and to let the House dispose of the question.
1 will say further, if the gentleman wili allow
me, that I have not felt disposed to press this
bill to tho prejudice of tho other legislation of
the country at all. When the bill was before
the House some time since it was in the morn-
ing hour. ^ I found that there would probably
bo more discussion on the bill than would be
proper or convenient m the morning hour, and
to accommodate the other committees of the
House I took the bill, upon my motion, out of
the morning hour and set it for to-day, so that
it might come up at some time when it would
not obstruct other legislation that would be
pressing upon the country. It so happens,
and I regret it very much, as I have seen that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] is
disposed to be liberal and allow his tariff bill
to run along, that this bill is going to come in
conflict with the tariff bill. 1 am sorry for it.
I would like to see the tariff bill taken up and
disposed of in some way as quickly as possible.
But the bill which is now before the House can
be speedily disposed of, while the tarifT bill, if
it is to be considered at all and passed, is going
to take two or three weeks. I think, in view
of all this, that the House ought to sustain the
present programme and allow the discussion
to go on to-day and to-morrow ; and then to-
morrow, so far as I am concerned, I shall
insist on disposing of the bill, so as to get it
out of the way of the tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Gentlemen will excuse
me from yielding any further for tho reasou
