1870*
THE COtfGBESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
3089
lessnessof the defends Thatpreciseqoeg-
tion is raised) or ought to be raised, when an
employ^ sues the company. But when an
emploj6 sues the company, they have some-
times defended, and defended successfully,
upon the ground that being employed by the
company about its business he was bound to
work at his peril; that public policy required
that he should be held to work at his peril
and that the company should not be respons-
ible to him, no matter whose the fault might ;j
be, for the injury j that the company should jj
not be responsible to the employ^. Now, j
that is as unjust to my mind as any rule of law ,
can be. If it be the fault of the company that 1
the employ^ is injured, the company should j
respond to the employ^ just as much as to 1
another individual.
Another defense which these companies have j
sometimes attempted to provide for themselves
is to stipulate with the employ^ that he shall
work at his peril,and that if an injury happens
to him he shall not sue the company. These ;
two defenses the Wyoming act undertakes to |
set aside, and only these two-, as I read it. It
is true the first clause of the act says:
"That any person in the employment of any rail-
load company in this Territory who may be killed
by any locomotive, ca*r, or other rolling stock of said
company, whether in the performance of his duty
or otherwise, his widow or heirs may have th.e same
right of action," &c.
What does that mean? Not whether he is
careless or not, but whether he is actually on
duty at the time ; if, for instance^ ha is a con-
ductor, whether he ia running on the train or
not; whether he is on or off the train; not the
question whether he ia the guilty party or not
whether it is his carelessness or not; but sim-
ply whether he is in actual service at the time
the imury happens or not.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Dela-
ware has objected to the further consideration of
this bill.- It is therefore not before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICES. This debate
is not in order. The Senator from Delaware
at first objected to the fuether consideration of
the bill, but subsequently consented that it be
laid aside informally. In either c&9e, debate
is not in order.
Mr. HOWE. Debate will not be in order
>but a moment longer. I was about to con-
clude. It is because this difference of opinion
prises here between these authorities as to the
meaning of the Wyoming act that it occnrred
to me it might be proper to have the judgment
of the Judiciary Committee upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would not settle
it. The same difference would arise.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not make the motion.
I shall allow it to go over.
The ^RESIDING OFFICER. The next
bill will be read.
POWERS OF MINISTERS AND CONSULS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the hill
(S. ,No. 632) to amend an act entitled " An
act to carry into effect provisions of the treaties
between the United States, China, Japan, Siam.
Persia, and - other countries, giving certain
judicial.powers to ministers and consuls and
other functionaries of the United States in those
countries, and for other purposes," approved
June 22, 1860; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Foreign Relations re-
ported the bill with an amendment, to strike
out all of the original bill after the enacting
clause and to insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
That the net ef Congress entitled "An act to carry
into effect provisions of the treaties between the
United States, China, Japan, Siam, Persia, and other
countries, giving certain judicial powers to ministers
and oonsulf, or other functionaries of the United
States in those countries, and for other purposes,"
approved June 22,1860, so far as the same is in con-
formity with the stipulations of the treaty with Mad-
agascar, is hereby extended to that country, and it
Bhall be executed in conformity with the provisions
of the treaty and tho usages of Christian nations in
such cases; and the act shall, in the eame manner,
extend to any oountry of like character with which
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 194.
tho United States max hereafter enter into treaty
relations. , . .
Sec. 2. And be to further enacted. That the superior
judioial authority conferred on the consul general or
consul residing at the capital of any country men-
tioned in such act, or herein provided for. including
the power to make decrees and regulations, is hereby
vested in the Secretary of State for the time being.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That when any
final judgment of the minister to China, or to Japan,
is given in the exercise of original or of appellate crim-
inal jurisdiction, tho person charged with the crime
or offense, if he considers the judgment erroneous in
point of law, may appeal therefrom to the circuit
court for the district of California; but such appeal
shall not operate as a stay of proceedings unless the
minister shall certify that there is probable cause to
grant the same, where the stay shall be such as the
interests of justice may require.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That on any final
judgment in a oonsular court of China or Japan
whero the matter in dispute exceeds $500, and docs
not exceed $2,500, exclusive of costs, an appeal shall
be allowed to the minister in such country, as the
case may be: Provided, That the appellant complies
with the conditions established by general regula-
tions; and the ministers are hereby authorised and
required to receive, hear, and determine such appeals.
Sbc. 5. And be it further enacted. That where the
matter in dispute, exclusive of costs, exceeds the sum
of $2,500, an appeal shall be allowed to the circuit
court for tho district of California; and upon such
appeal a transcript of the libel, bill, answer, deposi-
tions, and all other proceedings in the cause shall be
transmitted to the circuit court; and no new evi-
dence shall be received on the hearing of the appeal;
and the appeals shall be subjeot to the rules, regula-
tions, and restrictions prescribed in law for writs of
error from district courts of the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That on any final
judgment of the minister to China or to Japan, given
in the exercise of .original jurisdiction, where tho
matter in dispute, exclusive of costs, exceeds $2,500,
an appeal shall be allowed to the circuit court as
provided in the last section.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the circuit
court of California is hereby authorized and required
to receive, hear, and determine the appeals provided
for in this act, and the decisions of such court shall
be final.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to allow in the adjust-
ment of the accounts of the consul general at Shang-
hae the actual expense of the rent of a suitable
building, to be used as a prison for American con-
victs in China, not to exceed' $1,500 a year; and
also the wages of the keepers of the same; and for
tho care of offenders, not to exceed $5,O0Qayear;
and to allow in the adjustment of the accounts of
the consuls at other ports hi China the actual
expanse of the hire of constables and the care of
offenders, not to exceed in all $5,000 a year.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to allow in the adjust-
ment of the accounts of the consul at Kana|rawa the
actual expense of the rent of a suitable building, to
be used as a prison for American convicts in Japan,
not to exoeed $750 a year; and also the wages of the
keepers of the same, and for the care of offenders,
not to excced $2,500 a year; and to allow in the ad-
justment of tho consuls at other ports in Japan the
actual expense of tho hireof constables and the care
of offenders, not to exoeed in all, $2,500 a year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill wae ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
HARRIET E. PARKER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1669) for the relief of Harriet E.
Parker j which was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It declares Harriet E.
Parkertobe entitled to all the rights which her
'husband, William H. Parker, deceased, may
have'had as discoverer to two small islands in
the South Pacific ocean, called Johnson's and
Agnes' s Islands, situated in latitude 16° 46'
north, and longitude 169° 20' west. It also
allows twelve months from its passage to her
to perfect title to the islands, and provide for
and secure her interests therein, as if it had
been done by William H. Parker, deceased,
within twelve months after his death.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment, to insert in section
two, line three, after the word " same," the
words "by possession and occupation;" So
that the section will read:
That twelve months from the passage of this act
are hereby allowed to the said Harriet B. Parker to
perfect title to the same by possession and occupa-
tion, and provide for and secure her interests therein
as if the same had been done by the said William
H. Parker, deceased, within twelve months after his
death.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. POMEROY. I hof>e the Senator who
reported this bill will state in a few words whit
it is. I do not understand it.
Mr. SPENCER. The bill explains itself
fully. It appears that in 1852 Mr. Parker dis-
covered some small islands of guano in the
South Pacific ocean. In 1857 he regularly
and peaceably " possessed" them tinder tbe
act of Congress. On repairing to Washington
to file the required bond he died suddenly
pending the application. The present law does
not convey to Mrs. Parker property laft in this
condition. The loss of an only son (on whom
she depended) in the war of the Union, a
minor at his father's death, has dolayed her
till now, as also the lack of means. It further
appears that no other parties possess or claim
these islands. The simple reason for the intro-
duction of this bill is that the time had expired
withiu which application should be made.
Owing to the death of her husband and ignor-
ance of the law on her part the application was
not made within the proper time.
Mr. POMEROY. The rights that he ac-
quired under that act of Congress ate good to
his legal representatives.
Mr. SPENCER. She thinks not, and her
attorney thinks not, and hence the necessity for
the passage of this bill. The Committee on
Commerce unanimously reported the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot understand how
he had rights that did not descend to his repre-
ssntatives.
Mr. SPENCER. Mrs. Parker thinks not,
and we ought to settle that question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand how
two islands in the South Pacific ocean can be
in latitude 16° 46' 'north. The South Pacific
ocean is not north Of the equator, is it?
Mr. SPENCER. No; the South Pacific
ocean is not north of the equator, certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill speaks of two
islands in the South Pacific ocean, " situated
in latitude 16° 46' north, and longitude 169°
20' west." It strikes me that is inconsistent.
Mr. COLE. That is easily remedied by
Striking out the word "South" before "Pa-
cific."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is easily corrected;
but this, it seems to me, may be a bill of some
importance.
Mr. DRAKE. Oughtnot the word "north"
to come out of the other place—" latitude 16°
46'north?"
Mr. COLE. Oh, no; I suppose the islands
are really north of the equator.
Mr. CORBETT. I presume they are north
of the rquator.
Mr. COLE. I do not know anything about
it myself,
Mr. TRUMBULL. There ia a misdescrip-
tion, evidently.
Mr. COLE. Strike outtheword "South."
Mr. SPENCER. This bill has already
passed the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would seem to me
that the Committee on Foreign Relations ought
to look at this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. What is it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. A bill which declares
Harriet E. Parker entitled to all the rights her
husband may have as discoverer of two small
islands " in the South Pacific ocean, latitude
16° 46/ north," which must be a mistake.
Mr. SUMNER. I should say so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "And longitude 169° 20'
west;" and "that twelve months from tbe
passage of this act are hereby allowed to the
said Harriet E. Parker to perfect title to the
same, by possession and occupation, and pro-
vide for and secure her interest therein," &e.
Mr. SUMNER. That is all new to me, and
it seems very important.
