1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr, Holman.
whether lie is in favor of reducing the tariff on
wool?
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman whose letter
has been read is, I think, a friend of moderate
protection. He has given his opinion on the
tariff on wool, and his opinion is much more
valuable on that subject than my own, for it is
upon a subject with which of course he is more
familiar. His opinion is that the interest of
the wool producer will be promoted by a reduc-
tion of the tariff. He has reached the same
conclusion that has been expressed by the Com-
missioner of Revenue, who says in his report:
"In short, what is now needed to restore pros-
perity to the woolen industry is a removal of all duties
on the importation of foreign wools and dye-stuffs,
and a general reduction of the duties on manufac-
tured woolen fabrics of every description to 25 per
cent, ad valorem. On this basis the most experienced
woolen manufacturers of the country assure the Com-
missioner that they can at onoe extend, diversify,
and secure prosperity to their business. On this basis
the cost of domestic woolen fabrics will be so far re-
duced as to give great relief to the consumer, and
lead to an immediate and largely increased consump-
tion. And on this basis only can tho wool-grower
oxpcct any immediate increased demand for his
staple product of merino fleece."
The fact is that wool has steadily declined
since the tariff was imposed upon South Ameri-
can wool in 18G7. Your exportation of woolen
fabrics has steadily declined from the moment
that act was passed. The tariff excluding for-
eign wool from our market, the wool producers
of South America having no other market for
their wool than Germany and France and Eng-
land, sold in the year 1868 whole cargoes of
wool in the Liverpool market for barely the
cost of transportation; and woolen manufac-
turers purchasing wool at 8 or 10 cents a pound
were of course able to throw theirgoodsonthe
American market at a price lower than the
American manufacturer could produce then.
If the gentleman will rely on the opinion of the
Indiana manufacturer and Mr. Wells, he will
see that the interests of the wool producer
have not in fact been promoted by the tariff.
The tariff on wool is not before the committee,
but I am free to say that, in myjudgment, and
so far as I am informed on the subject, the wool-
grower was not benefited by the act of 1867, and
it is certain that the 50 percent, duty on woolen
goods was and is oppressive to the whole
country.
Iron is a subject of universal interest. I hofie,
sir, that the views expressed by the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue have reached
every citizen of the country. In proposing a
reduction of the duty on iron he says :
" On pig iron a duty of $3 per ton. Tho present
duty is $9 per ton, and tho amount of rcvenuo derived
from the same during tho fiscal year 1867-68, was
SI,Oil,109 96.
" On scrap iron a duty of S3 per ton. Presentduty
$8 per ton: amount of revenue received in 1867-68,
$640,294 60.
" Tho extent of revenue reduction, arising from the
adoption of tho above modifications, will, in the
opinion of tho Commissioner, bo as follows:
"Inrespect to pig iron a reduction of tho duty
would, undoubtedly, be followedby such a reduction
in the price of tho domestic product as, added to
freights and commissions on the foreign article,would
leave the relations betwoen the domestic and foreign
producers the samo substantially as at presont. No
material increase of imports being probablo, theloss
to the revenuo would, therefore, be approximately
£750,000. A reduction of S6 per ton in tho cost of a
domestic consumption ofl,800,G00 tons (domestic and
foreign) would, however, relievo tho community of
taxation, in the first instance, to tho extent of
$10,800,000 per annum. The reduction of the duty ou
scrap iron would probably be followed by an increase
of imports, and so compensate, to some extent, for a
loss of revenue. This loss tho Commissioner esti-
mates at 3400,000. The indirect gain to the commu-
nity, bythe consequent tendency to cheapen bar iron
and promote industry, would, however, be consider-
able."
The striking fact is here presented that by
reducing the tariff ou pig iron to $3 per ton
you lose $750,000 of revenue ; but you relieve
the country from taxation to the extent of
$10,800,000 per annum—tax paid to the iron-
masters. In other words, under the shelter of
this protection the tax paid to that other body
of tax-gatherers, the manufacturers, under the
shelter of a tax which would amount to only
$750,000, the people of this country are taxed
for the direct benefit of the manufacturer to
the extent of $10,800,000. Mr. Wells is an
officer of the Government, whose duty it is to
gather these statistics and lay them before Con-
gress for the information of its members.
The same fact is expressed in relation to salt.
By making this commodity free, you lose in
revenue $000,000 and save to the consumers
of salt the enormous sum of $>3,900,000 in the
probable reduction of the price.
Mr. Chairman, I come to another subject,
and one of very pressing interest to the people
of the United States. I allude to the decline
of our ship-building and commerce. The spe-
cial message of the President of the United
States now lying upon the Speaker's table indi-
cates the importance of this subject. Ten
years ago we stood the first among the com-
mercial Powers. Now France, England, and
the North German Confederation take prece-
dence of us in commerce, and still day by day
our commerce declines. In 1861 the total ton-
nage of the United States was 5,539,812, and
in 1869,4,144,640. This statement does not
indicate the actual decline of our commerce.
Since 1861 the American tonnage employed in
the foreign trade has fallen off 43 per cent.
About 34 per cent, of our tonnage is engaged
in the foreign trade and 66 per cent, in our
domestic trade, foreign vessels being excluded
from our coastwise and domestic trade, which
includes vessels sailing from a port on the .At-
lantic to any American port on the Pacific.
The real decadence ofour foreign commerce, for
it is only here that our ships enter into free
and equal competition with the ships of all
nations, is seen by the following table, prepared
by Joseph Nimmo, jr., esq., of the Treasury
Department:
4 s
a Ef
sg.
ta 5'
53
•d w
2 p'
  P
o 0
CGw
3 &
g©
w'P
o o
P o
S-R
>tfS.
S 4 '
B Kj
!zi
Xi
o< Si to o
J-* o Vo ' o bi
^ w o co w
Q
9 §
5. 8
st 1
r- ^
s 2
5 I-
9 s
6 a
ft ft
Co
ft
Ho. op Reps.
Thus in our own foreign trade there are 117
foreign vessels regularly employed on 13 lines—■
8 British, 4 North German, and 1 French—
against 47 American vessels, not one of which
crosses the Atlantic ocean. Mr. Nimmo says:
"To-day there is not a single steamer running
between the United States and Europe which wears
the American flag, whereas there are 13 foreign lines,
comprising 117 steamers, whose abrogate tonnage
is 268,437 tons/'
We have two lines of vessels sailing under
Government subsidies, the United States and
Brazil Steamship Company, under an annual
subsidy of $150,000, and the Pacific Mail Steam-
ship Company, with an annual subsidy of $500,-
000. During the war 239 vessels, of 104,005
tons, were destroyed by the rebels, and vessels
of the aggregate tonnage of 774,652 tons were
sold by American citizens to foreigners.
During the forty years prior to the war our
ship-yards furnished ships for all commercial
nations—England, France, Holland, Spain,
Russia, and the rest. In the days of wooden
ships the American-built ship had no rival in
the commonjudgment of the commercial world.
Now, the ship-yards from Chesapeake bay to the
St. Croix are deserted and silent. If vessels are
built it is only for the coasting trade, from which
we rightfully exclude bythe act of 1817 the ves-
sels of other nations. The days of woodenships
have gone by. Since 1860 a complete revolu-
tion has occurred in the carrying trade of the
world. The iron screw propeller supersedes
the wooden ship and the sailing vessel, and
commerce no longer whitens the ocean. We
have lost our place in the world of commerce.
The policy ol' aspiring nations in breaking
down the restrictions on trade and enfran-
chising commerce have produced almost an
equal revolution, and France, Italy, and Ger-
many contest with England the empire of the
We are compelled to look the mortifying fact
squarely in the face that in these ten years we
have lost the scepter and are rapidly disappear-
ing from the ocean, distanced and lost sight
of in the giant race for commercial empire.
In the language of Mr. Nimmo—
"Our misfortune is simply this: British ships havo
superseded American ships, not only in the inter-
national conimcrco of the world, but also to a very
great degree in our own trade with foreign nations.
He might have added German and French
ships, for the free traders of north Germany
have 27 iron propellers plying between Bremen
and Hamburg and our ports; of the 13 lines
from Europe to the United States 3 receive
subsidies—the Cunard, lnman, and French
lines. These foreign ships carry even our mails
to Europe and from Europe to America.
The people, sir, demand that the decline of
our commerce shall be promptly arrested.
With opportunities for successful commerce
possessed by no other nation, with mechanics
whose skill, intelligence, and enterprise are
equal to any emergency, the people demand,
sir, that if their Government does nothing
more it shall at least relieve this department
of national industry from the servitude that
renders it powerless, for it is clue to (he ship-
builders and ship-owners of this country to say
that they have been fully alive to this decline,
and have in vain appealed for a remedy.
And what, sir, is the remedy? You must
give the American ship-builder and ship-owner
an equal chance with the citizens of other com-
mercial nations. At homo the fatal effects of
our protective policy are not clearly seen, for
all interests of industry suffer in common, bat
commerce isopen to the free rivalry of nations,
where skill and enterprise and wise Govern-
ment may fairly claim the precedence. Ana
how bravely, sir, did this Itepublic hold^ her
own against all comers in that contest of na-
tions for half a century? There was not a pore
in the remotest seas where, the stars and stripi-s
were unknown. Now our ancient enemy ai.<l
rival and France and north Germany, so recently
unknown to the ocean, quietly takes posses.?.u:>.
of our ports.
Nearly a year ago Congress, defining llrs a
subject of special interest, on tho motion of the.
gentleman from .Maine [Mr. Lvxeuj a>,.po!i;i'd
