188
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
Ho. 03? Beps.
The Tariff—Mr. Holman.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
a committee to inquire into the cause of the
decline of our commerce, and to suggest a
remedy. That committee, of which the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] was chair-
man, has laid the results of its labors before
the House and before the country. I had the
honor of being a member of that committee,
and while not agreeing entirely in the report
made by the majority of the committee as to
the mode of relieving this great interest from
its depression, I must say, sir, that so far as
my experience extends no report of equal
value, taking into consideration the nature of
the subject and the pressing importance of the
inquiries, has ever been submitted to Con-
gress.
The chairman of that committeo, with quali-
fications admirably adapted to the investigation,
with an intelligence, patience,and industry fully
equal to the subject and the occasion, has
brought together all the facts necessary to en-
able Congress and the country to form a just
judgment upon the whole subject—the cause
of the decline and the nature of the remedy.
In the main, sir, (except as to bounties and the
restrictions on trade,) I think the report of the
chairman is a fair and just deduction from the
facts ascertained by the committee. The Presi-
dent of the United States, accepting the remedies
proposed by the majority of the committee,
recommends as the proper mode by which our
shipping interests can bo revived the remission
of duties and the payment of bounties for ship-
building. The payment of bounties I think is a
departure from the traditional policy of this Gov-
ernment and not required for the revival of our
fommerce. What is the causc of this decline?
Was it the war? Gentlemen who have examined
this report carefully have learned that the de-
cline of our commerce was not greatly affected
by the immediate events of the war; the decline
of tlus interest has steadily continued since the
war. No, sir; if the war had not occurred and
the present revenue system had been adopted
it would have sealed the fate of our foreign
commerce and given our trade to foreign ships,
not at once, but inevitably, sooner or later.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed to extend his remarks. I make the
application the more freely because I have taken
up a portion of his time myself.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. J thank the House for its
courtesy. The fact of this decline it) very
apparent. There is no cscape from the recog-
nition of it. I shall not leel justified in enter-
ing upon the subject of the report of the special
committee oil our shipping, or the remedies
which the committee have suggested, any fur-
ther ihau that subject bears directly upon the
question of the tariff now under debate, for J
leel, sir, that the chairman of that committee
and some of the gentlemen associated with
iiim, who have devoted their time to the inves-
tigation, and approve the report, should have
the first opportunity to present in all their detail
the results of their investigations. But, sir, in
considering this subject of the tariff you cannot
escape the consideration of the dccline of our
commerce. They are in intimate and direct
connection. Your system of protection has
been fatal to your commerce. You have pro-
tected the iron interest until the subsidies you
compel the ship-builder to pay to the manu-
faciuier of iron renders the building of an iron
ship impossible. And no expedient such as
equalizing subsidies by paying to the ship-
builder out of your Treasury the subsidy he
pays to the iron monopolist, or other tempor-
izing expfdients or artificial balancing of restric-
tions, will give to your commerce a healthful
and vigorous growth. You may do this as
between Massachusetts monopolists and Penn-
sylvania monopolists, but in the world of com-
merce you compete wiih rations winch have
left behind the restraints imposed on labor by
the feudal age. Let us see, sir, how the pro-
tection of the iron manufacturer is fatal to the
ship-builder. Mr. Nimmo has prepared the
following table:
Duties on materials for a 1,000-fon iron ship.
Lbs. Duty.
53 per o. plates 530,000 lic..$7,950 00
IB per c. refined iron and rivets.,180,000 1 c.. 1,800,00
26 per c. T and angle or beam....260,000 He.. 3,250 00
3 per c. forgings  30,000 2 c.. 600 00
100 1,000,000 13,600 00
Add 33} per cent, exchange and premium
on gold      4,533 33
18,133 33
lligging:
35,000 pounds chain cablo, duty 2a 1
cents, gold U-i nv- ftn
8,000 pounds small rigging-chain f uu
duty, 25- cents, gold J
8,000 pounds anchors, 2£ cents,gold.. 180 00
8? tons Russian hemp, £40 ton, gold
duty; or if cordage be imported,
10 tons, 2,000 pounds each, 20,000
pounds, at 3 cents  600 00
5 tons Manila hemp, or if (2,240
pounds, 25 cents, gold) cordage be
imported, l,200pounds, at 2k cents,
gold    300 00
2,155 00
Add 33y per cent., exchange and pre-
mium on gold   718 33
  2,873 33
S2L006 66
Leave off tlie premium on gold and exchange
and the duties alone on the materials for a
1,000-ton iron ship, is $15,755; but I call atten-
tion to the pending bill, which puts the duty on
rivets at 0 cents per pound, while Mr. Nimmo's
estimate is on rivets at 1 cent per pound, the
duty on the other articles are not changed by
the pending bill; but the change proposed by
this bill would make the increased duty on
rivets $3,000, making the duties on the mate-
rials for the ship at the gold price, $19,355. Mr.
Nimmo puts the cost of building an iron ship
of 3,031 tons in the United States and Scotland
thus:
"American, $138,000; Scotch, $97,8-42; American,
41 per cent, more than Scotch."
A difference on a ship not half quite as large
as the average of the 117 foreign ships now
running between our ports and Europe of
$40,168.
Mr. franklin AV. Smith, treasurer of the
Atlantic Iron Works of Boston, a very intelli-
gent gentleman, in addressing the committee
on the decline of our ship-building, said :
41 What was the reason for this ? Th e answer might
bo given in ono word—the tariff. The contrast on
thus matter between the United States and Groat
Britain was mo*sfc painful, in 386/, out of 2£7 ships
built upon tho Clyde, thoro were but 14 of wood, and
theso avoiaged only 100 tons each. Uc held m his
hand a slip from the Glasgow Herald of August 7,
I860, detailing tho launches which had taken place
during the previous month. There were 13 of tbexn,
amounting in all to 13.991 tons, averaging nearly
1,100, and all of iron. Why could not thisbedono
here? Becauso of the tariff, lie was indebted to
one of the able articles of tho Now York Evening
Post for a record of the changes in tho tariff, and of
the pressure which thoso changes hod brought to
bear upon tho ship-building interest. In 1857, com-
mon rounds and squares of iron, such as are used in
the wooden ship-building interest, and which were
then the great item to bo taxed in ship-building,
were taxed 2i per cent, ad valorem. In 1861 they
were taxed GO per cent., and in lb64,112 per cent, ad
valorem. It was stated that by the proposed bill
introduced by Mr. Moreheadin 186S, thoso very bars
of iron, essential m wooden ship-buildmg, were
struck at for a rate of ICS per cent."
Mr. Smith, after expressing it as his opinion
that unless our policy was changed the Amer-
ican merchants would get their ships built
abroad and sail them under a foreign flag, said:
"lie had given the committeo the rates on bars
and plate iron, but there was another item to which
he should call especial attention. The duty on beams
and angio-irons was practically prohibitory. They
were now rolled in this country by only throe con-
cerns. In iron ship-building1 they constituted 23
per cent, of the entire work, and the committee
would seothe disadvantage of a monopoly even in
the hand.? or tho bent ^f men, from this fact, that, no
matter what rate of tariff was imposed, so long as
the construction of those beams paid a profit—as
they had paid a large profit for many years—thoso
three mills had only to raiso their scale of priecs up
to just below the cost of importation: andtheconse-
quence was that at present all beams and all angles
had their prices adjusted by the rate of importation.
It was natural that thia should bo so, and he did not
wish to be understood as reflecting in the least de-
gree upon the patriotic impulses or business course
of any concern that might pursue this policy. Doubt-
less every concern in the country would consider it
perfectly legitimate; but with our commerce to-day
depending upon the closest possible competition and
upon the most advantageous circumstances both as
to material and labor, it was certainly a most dis-
couraging feature that 23 per cent, of the materials
that enter into the construction of iron shipsbhould
be absolutely in the hands of a monopoly of manu-
facturers."
I hold in my hand, sir, a volume of such
evidence.
Mr. Roach, until ship-building was aban-
doned,an extensive ship-builder in NewYork,
said to the committee:
"America has lost her commerce, and what has
she got in exchange for it? Simply the right for a
few men to charge $9 per ton, in gold, on the import-
ation of pig iron. On account of the high duty on
the material used, it now costs 50 per cent, more to
repair ships in America than in other countries."
Mr. A. A. Low, of NewYork, certainly one
of the most intelligent gentlemen of this coun-
try on commercial questions, said to the
committee:
"Nor do I see how we can recommence building
ships unless the ship-building interest is relieved
from the taxes put upon all the materials that enter
into the construction of vessels."
And again be said :
" There docs not seem to be a law on our statute-
books which does not inflict an injury on ship-
building,"
And again he said that we gave $50,000,000
or $60,000,000 and immense quantities of land
to the Pacific Railroad Company—
"And so built it up at the expense of the only
single line of steamers remaining to this country."
Mr. Frederick Nickerson, a ship-owner of
Boston, said :
"Coal could be bought in Pictou, Canada, at $2 05
a ton, in gold. The duty on it hero was $1 25 a ton.
in gold.*'
Mr. E. H. Barley, of Boston, said to the
committee :
"Youwill aid shipping more by reducing thedutics
than in any other way. I speak as one in favor of
protection incidental to revenue. I do not speak as
a free-trader. I do not go to those extremes. Per-
haps I am not wise in not going further than I do.
But I stand on moderato protection. Your protec-
tion to-day is 48 per cent, on the average on every-
thing that you import. Ilow was it before tbe war?
Fourteen and a half per cent was the average'. Ifj
Congress aware of that great disparity ? Is Congress
aware that we have crept up from 14f per cent, to 48
porcent. duty on everything that wo import? Does
Congress behove that48 per cent, is aproperstage of
duties, or that we are to maintain tnem at that rate?
Is it just for this nation to do it? I respectfully sub-
mit that it is not wise nor just for this nation to do it."
And Mr. Nathaniel McKay, a ship-builder
of Boston, said to the committee:
"Cost of American angle iron for a ship, $13440 per
ton, a difference in favor of England of $89 40, or 4
cents per pound. Cost of plates in America, $112 per
ton; in England, $49 50; difference in favor of Eng-
land. $62 50, or3 cents per pound. Cost of chain cablcs
in this country is $134 40 per ton ; difference in favor
of England, $57 20. Cost of wire rigging in America,
$29120  er ton; difference infavor of England, SS960."
Bat even on wooden ships our tariff is op-
pressive. Mr. Nimmo says:
"In a recent publication, Mr. Donald McKay, a
well-known ship-builder of Boston, estimates the
amount of duty on imported materials used in a
wooden ship of l.OOp tons, at$S,665 33 in gold, which is
13a per cent, on $64, gold, about tho present cost of
wooden vessels at^o&ton."
The number of men employed on foreign ves-
sels in our foreign trade is 45,372, and the gross
earnings of foreign vessels in our foreign trade
is $03,532,282.
Thus, sir, the policy ofprotection forced upon
the country under the shelter of the war has
driven our commerce from the ocean, and we
now stand face to face with the humiliating
fact that foreign ships, sailing under foreign
