2146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
that I am defeating my own object, which is to
get at some other uusmess, by thus yielding.
Now, I am willing to submit the matter to
the House to decide whether they will go oa
and complete the consideration of this bill at
this time or postpone it till another time. I
will not move to recommit the bill if gentle-
men do not desire it, though I think we must
all have come to the conclusion that the bill as
it now stands is too cumbrous.
Mr. LOGAN. We can easily amend it if it is.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will move then to post-
pone) tlie bill until three weeks from to-day
under the same order, so as to give it all the
advantage which it has now.
The question was put on Mr. Sohekck's
motion; and there were—ayes 56, noes 68.
Mr. KELLEY called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. Would it be in order now
to move to lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I move that the bill
be laid on the table.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope we will have them.
Mr. COX. If my friend from California
will withdraw his motion for one moment I will
renew it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not re-
cognize the gentleman for debate.
Mr. COX. 1 was about to say a word, but
1 will not debate.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 call for the regular order.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I insiston my motion.
Mr. ELI) RIDGE. And 1 insist on the call
for llie yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas -10, nays 121, not voting
fl'J ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Axtell. ISarmiui,
.James Brooks, Burr, Uox, Dickinson, Dox, Eld-
riilKo, lihteh.Uct'/., lluldeninn, Jolmson,Kerr, Knott,
MeOonniok, McKeiv/.ie, MoNeely, Millies, Morgan,
Muiwin, Niblack, Potter, Randall, Reading, lleoves,
Rice, llidgway, Kools, Sargent, Schumaker, Stone,
SUndcr, Swann, Trimble,Vun Trump, Wells, Eugene
lM. "Wilson, and Woodward—10.
N AYS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, A moll, Aapcr,
Atwnod, Ayor, Banks, IScnlty, Ucnjamin, Bird,Blair,
lioyd, George M. Brooks. Buck, ISnekley,Butlinlon,
Jiiireha.nl, Ijui'dctt, benjamin K. Butler, Cessna,
Ohuiohill, Clarke, Cleveland, AinasaCobb, Coburn,
Cook, Covode, Orebs, Cnllom, Da.wey, liickey, Dixon,
Dockery,Donley, Duval. Farnsworth. Ferriss, Ferry,
Vinkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Uillillan, llaight,
Hale, llainblelon, Hamilton, llawley, Hay, Hays,
Hooper, Ingersoll, Aiexander il.^1 ones, Jndd, Ju-
lian, Ivclley, Kellogg, Ketebani, Kna.pi>, Lawrence,
Imjjim, Longhridgr, llaishall, Maynanl, McCarthy,
:mw, AIoKeo, Moronr, ijliakini jl. Moore, Jcsso
thanks, LionclA.Shcldoii.Sberroil, John A. Smith
V ilfijim .1. tiniitli, Worthington 0. Smith, William
Wei leer. Wheeler, Wilkinson, Williams, John T
Wilson, Winans, and Witeher—121.
Hawkins, lleaton, Ileflin, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, IIol-
iiiari.ilotcnjuss, Jenckoa, Thomas L. Jones, ICelsey,
Lallrn, Lash, Lynch, Mayham, McCrary, Morphis,
JJamel J. Morrell, Momssey, Piatt, Porter, Porter
bheklon felocum, .Joseph S. Smith, Starkweather,
w-n"5' i^laren7' Tanner, Van Auken, Voorhecs,
Wil laru, Winchester, and Wood—59.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table
was not agreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I was not in the Hall when the
last name on the roll was called. I ask eon-
sent to have my name recorded iu the negative.
The SPEAKER^ The Chair cannot ask con-
sent of the House for that purpose.
The question recurred upon the motion to
postpone the pending bill for three weeks;
upon which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
Mr. KELLEY. I will withdraw my call for
the yeas and nays, and move that at half past
four o'clock this afternoon the House shall
take a recess until half past seven o'clock;
and that the session of this evening shall be
exclusively for the consideration of this bill,
in order to hasten it to a conclusion. There
are before this House and its committees the
tax bill, the tariff bill, the funding bill, &c.
The whole business of the country is paralyzed,
and it is important that some of those bills
shall be got through this House and sent to
the Senate. It is in view of that that I make
this motion.
Mr. CULLOM. I have no objection to an
evening session for the consideration of this
bill.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to make the order at this time.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
The SPEAKER. When the hour of half
past four shall arrive it will be competent for
the House to take a recess until half past seven
o'clock by a majority vote.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not withdrawn my
motion to postpone. ' The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellky] merely withdrew
his call for the yeas and nays on my motion.
Mr. WARD. I hope we may have an even-
ing session, so that we may the sootier dispose
of this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. There seems to be a dis-
position on the part of the friends of this bill
to have a night session for its consideration.
1 will therefore withdraw my motion to post-
pone, with the expectation that at half past
four a motion will be made to take a recess. I
have no particular disposition to discuss this
bill, and will yield the remainder of my time
to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blaib,]
who desires to be heard upon it.
Mr. COX. Before the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. BlairJ begins his remarks, I
would inquire of the gentleman from Illinois
[ Mr. Cullom] who has charge of this polygamy
bill if he intends to bring the House to a vote
upon it to-night? After the debale shall have
been concluded does he intend to call the pre-
vious question on this bill?
Mr. CULLOM. It is my intention .to call
the previous question as soon as the House
shall show a disposition to come to a vote
on the bill. I stated some time since, when
the motion to postpone was made, that I de-
sired the discussion of this bill to go on to-day
and a part of to-morrow, and that some time
dining the day to-morrow I expected to move
the previous question upon the bill and such
amendments as might then be pending. If
there shall be a session to-night, and before we
adjourn there shall be a disposition to discuss
the bill no further, I will call the previous ques-
tion on the bill to-night. I do not desire to
cut oil' debate against the wishes of the House.
I will slate further, as it seems to be desired,
that I am not inclined to move the previous
question to-night; but if the House desires it,
and there is a session to-night for discussion,
I will move the previous question to-morrow
the first thing after the morning hour.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois that a session be held to-night for
the consideration of the bill, and that he call
the previous question upon it to-night, so that
to-morrow morning we may vote upon the
measure and get it out of the way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
chairman of the Committee on the Territories
that if the previous question should be moved
to-night the bill will go over as unfinished busi-
ness and will come up in the morning imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal. If
the previous question be not called to-night
the bill cannot be considered to-morrow until
the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. CULLOM. Then I shall move the pre-
vious question to-night.
1 he SPEAKER,. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Territories [Mr. Cui,i,0}i] gives
notice that he will to-night, move the previous
question on the engrossment and third reading
of this bill.
Mr. SARGENT. Does it require unani-
mous consent that that understanding shall be
had?
The SPEAKER. It willrequirea majority
of the House to second the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. SARGENT. I am anxious that the
morning hour to-morrow shall not bo inter-
fered with.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, I have all along
entertained the purpose of submitting some
remarks upon this bill when it should come
before the House, though I had not expected
to do so to-day. One occasion is, however, I
presume as good for this purpose as another.
My attention was somewhat attracted to the
subject of the government of Utah duriug a
journey which it was my fortune to make last
summer to the Pacific coast, with a short stop
at Salt Lake City. During a brief visit to that
city I had occasion, as had many others, to
consider somewhat the situation of things in
that Territory. We all heard a great deal from
the officers of the United States located there
in reference to that situation, and a good many
complaints in regard to violations of law which
we were told it was utterly impossible to pun-
ish. Inquiring into the reasons for all this
we were told that in point of fact there is but
one power in Utah, and that is the power of
Brigham Young; that whatever your lawsmay
be, whatever the disposition of the officers of
the United States may be to enforce the law,
they are utterly without the power to do it if
Brigham Young decides that it shall not be
done ; that at last everything resolves itself
into his will; that a more complete despotism
never existed anywhere in the world than
exists there. I gave as much attention to
the examination of this question as I could,
and came to the conclusion that this was true;
that it has been the fact, in Utah, to the eter-
nal shame of the Government of the United
States and the great danger of its institutions ;
that murders and outrages of theworst descrip-
tion have been perpetrated there, over and
over again, at the mere shaking of the little
finger of Brigham Young; and that there has
been no possibility of punishing these olfenses;
and I venture to say that any impartial gentle-
man who may go there and listen to what he
will hear upon this question on both sides will
come to the conclusion, as I did, that in point
of fact there is and lias been but one power
controlling in Utah for a number of years past,
and that power in the hands of one single
man. If he says to the grand jury that there
shall be no indictment there will be none. If
lie says that there is to be an indictment there
will be one. If lie says that a criminal may
be punished ho will be punished. If he says
that he shall not be punished, then it is certain
that he will not be.
Now, sir, I think the question for this House
is simply this : is it desirable to enforce the
law in Utah? I put this question seriously to
the House. I think it is a very extraordinary
situation of things when we must ask such a
question at all. It would seem that the prin-
cipal business of Government is to enforce its
laws—in the first place to make them and then
to carry them into effect. That this has not
been done in Utah is agreed to upon all hands.
The eloquent gentleman from Nevada, [Mr.
Fitch, ] while apologizing the other day for the
condition of affairs in Utah, and admitting that
the laws have not been carried into effect, said
that the reason was that our Government is of
such a sort that we cannot enforce the laws
where the people do not choose to have them
enforced. If I believed that, I should certainly
be in favor of finding some better system of
Government as quickly as possible. 1 am not
ready to assent to the proposition that we have
a Government of such a sort that when the
great body of the people of the country are
united to enforce the law they are not able to
