1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4979
lained of the existence of such a thing as this
protocol was not through me nor through any
member of the committee, but through Gen-
eral Babcock himself,.who revealed the fact to
the committee without being asked about it,
of his own voluntary motion. The committee
called for all the papers to which reference
was made in the course of the investigation.
A list was drawn up, I think, by the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] containing all
the papers which the State Department or
other Departments should be required to lay
before the committee, and the protocol was
one of them. The Secretary of State brought
certain papers before the committee, and I
think by some mistake took some of them away
again. When the testimony was closed it was
found that some papers called for on that list
were not there. The Senator from Connec-
ticut went to the Senator from Nevada, the
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Nyh,] and
called, his attention to the fact and requested
him to send for two or three papers, of which
the protocol was one.
One day, I think it was the day after we
had ceased taking testimony, the Senator from
Connecticut came to me upon the floor of the
Senate and said that the Senator from Nevada
had sent to the Secretary of State a letter re-
questing the transmission of that protocol;
but that, as he was obliged to go away, be had
requested him (the Senator from Connecticut)
to receive the communication from the State
Department and put it into the hands of the
reporter of the committee. The Senator from
Connecticut further told me that he was obliged
to go away also, and that he had instructed the
doorkeeper, whenthe document should arrive,
to place it in my hands for the purpose of
. transmitting it to the reporter of the committee.
The doorkeeper did place it in my hands.. I
did, however, not at once deliver it to the re-
porter of the committee, intending, in order
to avoid the possibility of a mistake, to wait
for the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] who
shortly afterward appeared upon the floor. I
went to him with the paper in my hands and
I said, "Senator, here is that protocol; is it
understood that it is to go into the hands of the
reporter to be printed?" He said, "Yes;"
whereupon I delivered it to the reporter, and
it was printed with the rest. That is the whole
story.
Now, as far as the attacks made upon me
personally by the correspondent of the New
York Times are concerned, I do not think they
are such as to oblige mo to take notice of them.
consular and diplomatic bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1604) making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and for other purposes,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives.
Oti motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
hy the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the confctess on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Morrill of Maine, Mr. Sumner, and Mr,
Cole.
patent laws.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1714) to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
to patents and copyrights, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ilcsolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and asree to the conference asked
by tho House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Huuses thereoxs.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Willey, Mr. Carpenter, and Mr. Hamilton
of Maryland.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts and
joint resolution :
An act (S. No. 287) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to license yachts;"
An act (S. No. 489) to reorganize the marine
hospital service, and to provide for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen;
An act (S. No. 558) to incorporate the
National Bolivian Navigation Company;
An act (S. No. 020) granting a pension to
Sarah E. Stubbs;
An act (S. No. 742) to provide for changing
the boundaries of land districts;
An act (S. No. 808) granting a pension to
Amanda M. Ritchey ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 107) for the
relief of Commodore S. B. Bissell and Com-
modore John C. Carter.
tax isill.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of
the Whole, the consideration of the bill (II.
li. No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes, the pending question being on
the amendment of the Committee on Finance,
to insert, as lines two hundred and two and two
hundred and three of the forty-seventh section
of the House bill, the following item :
On bituminous eoal and shale, fifty cents for a ton
of twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say a single word in relation to this matter. I
regret that it seems only necessary in the minds
of some Senators to carry any proposition that
they should allude to the fact that it operates
unfavorably to New England. In relation to
this matter no New England Senator has opened
his mouth, while it has been discussed by sev-
eral on the opposite side of the question. I
come from a State that has not much interest
in this matter ; our people have sufficient for-
ests and are accustomed' to the use of the ax,
so that the question whether they shall have
free coal or not is a matter of no importance
to them. I therefore feel in a position to dis-
cuss this question on its merits. It is a ques-
tion whether or not coal is a proper subject for
the levying of a duty at all, and in the next
place whether, if the duty shall be surrendered,
the Treasury can spare it.
I have always thought that the friends of a
protective tariff have clung to a duty upon coal
with too. great a tenacity. In the first place,
by no power of protection cau the amount be
increased. The labor that is involved iu get-
ting out coal can be protected ; but by pro-
tection by no possibility is the amount of coal
to be produced in the country to be increased.
In the next place, it is an article that is largely
consumed for fuel throughout all our Atlantic
cities, and it is a source of constant complaint
whenever an election comes off that the poor
man is taxed for his fuel at tho rate of fifty to
seventy-five per cent., and it is very difficult
to meet this question. Under the tariff of 1846
the duty was thirty per cent, on coal; in 1857
it was twenty-four per cent. The duty proposed
by the amendment of the Senate Committee on
Finance is fifty cents a ton, which is nearly as
muchastwenty-five percent, duty on the article
itself. The price of Pictou coal at the place
of exportation is but a little over two dollars
per ton, and ยง1 25 duty, therefore, is a very
extravagant protection of the article ; it is over
fifty per cent, on the cost of the article at the
place of exportation.
I only desire to suggest these facts, and wish
the Senate to act rightly upon the subject;
and after all there is a question whether we can
spare the revenue, after the action of the Sen-
ate, or not. I am somewhat doubtful about
it; but I desire to state these facts in relation
to the matter.
Then there is another branch of the subject,
in relation to the use of this coal for steam-
vessels, and the use of it in manufactures.
Obviously, if vessels that use it for steam are
compelled to ship it all the way from West
Virginia or from the Cumberland mines, the
freight added to its cost is immense, and the
protection here that is demanded is rather a
protection for the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
than for the miners.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I think I shall
move a compromise in this matter. I move
that the amendment be amended by putting in
"one dollar" in place of "fifty cents." I
have no remarks to make on tiie subject. I
hope the time may come before long when we
may dispense entirely with the tax on coal;
but I suppose it would be hardly possible to
do it at present. I move that the ratpof duty
be one dollar, as a compromise.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust the report of the
committee in relation to coal will not be
adopted. I think it will be destructive to all
the mines in the State of Maryland, and in the
State of West Virginia, and to a great extent
to those further West. I do not believe Penn-
sylvania is so much interested iu this subject
as other States. Our great product, coal,
that we send to market, the anthracite, has no
competitor in the world ; and we care very
little about protection of that. Our bituminous
coal, which is across the mountain, comes in
competition with the coal of West Virginia
and that of Maryland. Our coal mines have
built up our whole State. The products of
our mines and of our forges and our oil-wells
last year reached nearly one hundred million
dollars, which we added to the wealth of the
country. AH that has been the result of the
protection which we have had from the Gov-
ernment.
In the olden time when we spoke of protec-
tion we thought we had a common interest all
over the country. The notions of New Eng-
land and the cottons of New England and tho
woolens of New England were ail built up by
that common reciprocal system of protection
to the interests of the whole country. Latterly
New England lias got beyond her youth, has
readied the maturity of lier manufactures, and
now she is setting up for herself. I am sorry
to find some Senators from New England in-
structed to go against a duty on coal because
a reduction on coal may help the profits of the
manufacturers of New England.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator does not allude to me.
Mr. CAMERON. No, 1 do not. The manu-
facturers of New England have this at heart,
not the people. Very little of this bituminous
coal is used in houses for domestic purposes ;
it is used for the steam-engine generally. This
city of Washington will, at some future day,
and that not far distant, become a great manu-
facturing place because of the mines of the
Cumberland region iu Maryland. I belicvo
the product of cord there last year was some
five or six hundred thousand tons. I do not
remember the amount cxactly. The Senator
from Maryland can tell.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. About two
million tons. There were seven hundred thou-
sand tons transported by the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal and one million two hundred and
forty thousand tons by the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad.
Mr. CAMERON. That two million tons has
given freight to the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road; it has furnished the manufacturers of
Baltimore; it has furnished the steamships of
New York, and it has to come in competition
with this coal of Nova Scotia. I am told that
the native owners of the coal mines iu Nova
Scotia do not desire to have this duty taken off j
