1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4035
allowed many exemptions; but from the em-
ploy6s of the Government the five per "cent, is
deducted when payment is made t<T them.
They are allowed no exemption, and they are,
as I have shown by the number of assessors
employed, a pretty large class. The exemp-
tions are, therefore, unequal, and favor the
capitalist rather than those who depend upon
their salary or wages.
Again, a manwhoownsamortgageorground-
rent pays his tax on the amount received from
it, while he who owns the house subject to that
incumbrance pays a tax on the entire rent
received for it; and thus because of his embar-
rassments is made to pay double tax. Did time
permit I could offer many illustrations of the
unequal operation of this tax ; but I must for-
bear.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Poheroy]
asked if all our internal taxes are not war taxes,
and whether that is a reason for the repeal of
this one. Does he think we should retain them
all till the war debt shall be paid? Sir, we
have repealed war taxes which, had they been
retained and had not crippled our industries
and arrested our progress, would have yielded
$300,000,000 this year. Does the gentleman
mean that all war taxes shall be retained?
Does he mean that the generation which fought
this war on both sides of the line are to pay the
debt so rapidly and in such enormous annual
sums ? I can see no reason why we should bur-
den the widows and orphans of our soldiers so
inordinately by making the commodities they
. consume, whether as food or clothing, so much
more costly by retaining taxes which are not
required by the necessities of the Government
or to maintain or enhance its credit.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Speaker, I shall
fairly carry out the wishes of my constituents
and satisfy my own convictions when I vote to
reduce the income tax so far as the necessities
of the Government will allow. This will be
the greatest measure of relief consistent with
the public good. The interest on the public
debt and the amount required by law for the
sinking fund will reach in round numbers
$155,000,000. The other expenses of the Gov-
ernment will swell the aggregate to $291,000,000
at the lowest estimate. The resources of the
nation to meet this vast sum are made up from
customs, internal revenue, lands, and miscel-
laneous sources.
The receipts from these sources during the
last fiscal year were in round numbers as fol-
lows :
Customs ^irn'SvX'nnn
Internal revenue   160,000,000
T.onHts   4,000,000
Miscellaneous   28.000,000
Total $372,000,000
The duties on imports will doubtless be
reduced, and the receipts frorn lands and mis-
cellaneous sources cannot be increased, so that
in any event the total resources of the Govern-
ment, aside from the internal revenue tax, will
not exceed $212,000,000, and will probably fall
much short of that sum. It is therefore evi-
dent that the internal revenue tax must, for
the present, be retained. The bill under con-
sideration will, it is estimated, reduce the m-
ternal revenue tax $35,000,000. In addition
to this I am satisfied that the exemption ought
to be extended to $2,000; more than this I
do not think can be safely attempted. The
whole number of persons in the United States
who now pay a tax on their incomes does not
exceed two hundred and seventy-two thousand
eight hundred and forty-three. The proposed
change will reduce the number at least one
hundred and ten thousand, leaving the tax to
be paid by those who have large incomes, are
most able to pay, and are most interested in
the protection of property and the stability ot
public affairs. ..
Mr. BENTON. In the few remarks 1 shall
submit on this question I do not expect to do
more than indicate the grounds upon which I
shall give my vote upon the main question
involved in this discussion, that is whether the
income tax shall be retained or not. I, sir,
have no hesitation in declaring that in myjudg-
ment the income tax should be retained, I am
of the opinion that the people of the country
believe the retention of the income tax is neces-
sary, so as to diminish as far as possible the in-
debtedness now resting upon the country. They
are in favor of having that indebtedness paid
at a reasonable rate within a reasonable time.
But, sir, it is a tax, in my judgment, more
equitable and just than any other tax that is
imposed in the whole catalogue of internal
taxation. It is a tax not only upon property,
but upon the earnings and the increase of prop-
erty. There is no class in this country so well
able to pay the taxes imposed by the authority
of Congress as those who pay the income tax.
. But in this discussion, sir, 1 have been struck
with the zeal and earnestness with which gen-
tlemen have discoursed in favor of the re-
peal of this tax. I have seen no such urgent
advocates here for any cause except those who
feel called upon in an especial manner to tes-
tify their devotion and love and sympathy for
the poor men of the country. I must say
that my sympathies were almost carried away
to join the opposition to the tax on matches by
the earnest and almost frantic appeals made
by gentlemen on the other side of the House
to relieve the poor man from paying the tax on
his matches. Yet after all it was a tax of but
one cent a box, and it is demonstrable, as has
been stated by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, that matches sell to-day
as cheap, and perhaps cheaper than they would
have sold if no tax had been imposed. The
expense is so small and trifling that nobody
cares a snap of the finger whether the tax is
repealed or not, the tax being so universally
diffused that nobody feels it a burden.
The repeal of this income tax will reduce
the amount collected to carry on the Govern-
ment and to pay the national debt by over
thirty million dollars. Now,'that amount de-
voted to the liquidation of the national debt
would enable the Government in a compara-
tively short period of time to extinguish the
national debt altogether. If I understand cor-
rectly the policy of this Administration, it is
not only to pay the current expenses of the
Government, but to reduce and wipe out in
time the grievous burdens resting upon the peo-
ple on account of its enormous debt. The gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent] says that
we should lift the burdens from the shoulders
of the people by reducing taxation. I say that
the best way to lift from the shoulders of the
people the burdens they now sustain is to re-
move and extinguish entirely the debt which is
the great cause of those burdens.
I ask, sir, in what condition is this nation
to-day to settle any difficulties that may arise
or to deal with any insult that may be given to
our national flag by a foreign Power ? Weighed
down, crushed down, as we are by a debt of
$2,500,000,000, we should have to pocket the
insult as we did the insult offered to us by
England during the war. We shall have no
disposition to increase the debt by undertaking
another war. I say, then, that we should pay
it off if we are to protect our rights against all
the Powers of the world. And in my judgment
we ought to expend at least $50,000,000 a year
in the direction of reducing it, and perhaps
$100,000,000 would not be too much.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WINANS. I offer an amendment,
which I send to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all of section thirty-five and insert in
lien thereof the followinn: , „ . , „
That there shall bo levied and collected annually
a tax of three per cent, upon the income ot every
person residing in the United States, and of every
citizen of the United States residing abroad, derived
from dividends upon stocks of or m banks or rail-
roads or other incorporated companies, or irom m-
, terest upon loans of money, or upon notes or bouds
or other evidences of debt:or choses in action pur-
chased or discounted, or upon bonds or notes of the
United States or of any State, county, parish, town-
ship, town, city, village, railroad company, or other
public or private corporation, and upon the ineorno
derived from interest upon United States notes,or
bonds, the tax shall be reserved and retained at the
time the interest is paid.
Mr. WINANS. Mr. Speaker, I propose in*
effect by this amendment to tax ihe increase
of capital proprio vigore, by virtue of its own
force, and without personal labor, aud to leave
exempt the income derived from personal labor,
either alone or combined with the'use of capital.
As regards income derived from United States
bonds and notes, Ipropose to dispense with the
services of assessors and collectors altogether
by providing for the collectiou of the tax by
retaining it at the time of paying the interest.
I now yield to the geutleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Moore.]
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, the
people of this cSuntry were last fall lookiug
anxiously for the meeting of the Forty-First
Congress, and were confidently expecting that
early in the session it would address itself
earnestly to the important work of lightening
the burdens of taxation. The people were
assured everywhere during the late presiden-
tial contest that this would be done promptly.
We have now been in session six months,
and up to th'is time not one single measure
looking to this end has yet been matured.
Upon-this subject the people are restless, im-
patient, and disappointed. The Committee of
Ways and Means of this House has procured
the printing of two voluminous hills, one of
which, after consuming more than two months
of the time of this House, lias gone the way
whence it shall not return.
Those of us who were anxious to remove at
least a portion of the burdens imposed by a
high protective tariff did what we could to
reduce the rates below the estimates in that
bill. But every effort of this kind was opposed
with the utmost vehemence by the advocates
of a high protective tariff. Yet we had suc-
ceeded to some considerable extent in securing
a reduction upon some of the most important
articles of consumption, and this to the great
gratification of the people. This bill, enorm-
ous in length and painfully minute in detail,
in dragging its slow length along seemed to
become obnoxious toa majority of this House,
and was laid aside. For one, in the hour of his
trial I stood by the chairman of the committee,
as did, 1 believe, a majority of those who had
all the while labored to bring about a reduc-
tion of tariff duties, feeling as we did that what
we had already gained in that direction was
better than nothing. We felt pretty well assured
that if this bill failed we could hardly expect,
anything to be done this session that would
mitigate the burdens of the people arising from
an excessive tariff imposed by reason of the
exigencies of the late war, and endured hitherto
with that same commendable patience with
which the people have borne all other burdens
growing out of a struggle for the very existence
of our Government.
But the time has come when the people are
deeply impressed with the belief that Liiis gen-
eration has done all in the way of sacrifice
which duty or patriotism requires. Hence their
demand for relief is imperative and overwhelm-
ing. As now we are to have little or no reduc-
tion on the tariff, I am in favor of a material
modification of the internal revenue tax. I
voted yesterday for striking out the sections in
the pending bill relating to the stamp tax, as I
regarded the whole system as in many respects
inconvenient, embarrassing to the business of
the country, and exceedingly annoying.^ But
this was not done. Now there is a motion to
strike out a feature of this internal revenue tax
far less oppressive in character, and one which
for its justness and fairness cannot properly be
complained of if we are to continue the inter-
nal revenue system, only partially modified as
it is, in this bill before us.
