1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2147
do it, because in some particular locality there
exists a public sentiment in hostility to the
enforcement of law. There may be indeed
great difficulties occurring in particular cases,
but there is no insuperable one.
Well, sir, if the House agree that it is desir-
able to enforce the laws in the Territory of
Utah, then I follow it with the further question,
can we do it: has the Government the power
to do it? We were told also by the gentleman
from Nevada [Mr. Pitch] if we undertook it
there would be war. War, sir I Let us look
at that proposition foronemomeut. IIow great
a people is this in Utah which aaya to us here
that ws shall not attempt to enforce the laws
of the United States for fear of war? I have
before me a careful calculation of the popula-
tion of that Territory and the number of per-
sons -who are polygamists there, which I think
is pretty nearly accurate. I will refer to it for
an instant now for the purposo of making some
observations 011 it. 1 read from the Chicago
Republican of March 4, 1870:
"TheMormon population of Utah, including both
soxes. and  U ares, ai estimated branintollieenUnd
well-inf ormed Latter-day Saint, does not oxcooclono
hundred and twenty thousand persons, vrhUo gontilo
authority places tho number at not more than one
hundred thousand. Of thia agcreffate it is claimod
by Mormons that about twenty thousand, orfromono
iJltii to one sixth of al!,;aro males of marriageable
ago, many of these contracting matrimony vrhon not
over seventeen yeari old. Others, not adherents of
lSngham Young, estimate the same class at only
fifteen thousand, and these figures are probably the
more reliable of tho two statements, for it must bo
remembered that juet now every impulsion of self-
interest actuates the Mormons to exaggerate their
number with anew to magnify thodifllcuUics which
would beset governmental interference. According
to prominent numbers of the church in Utah Home
lour thousand husbands havo more than onowile,
though weighty reasons exist for believing such esti-
mate too high by fifteen hundred or more. A very
much smaller number have more than two wivos,
whilo those who have more than three compriao the
ecclesiastica.1 <ugm artea and a few of the wealthy
magnates. l«rom those facts it is to bo concluded
that at the highest citiiimto only between nix and
niffht thousand women, with thuir children, would
becoinea charge upon tho Uovonimont. liven thii
exhibn.Uow.Ter.do6S not proem nil the militating
statiiuci. It ib known, for example, that aovonty-
iive per cent of the wives moro than one aronot.
only capable oi earning?, but actually lio earn their
own  ub«i tonoo. Xt would not be long bel'mo tlicne
could find employment, becoming self-suriliortiiiir.
l'jxefledingly lew would be a permanent cburgo upon
tho United States.
Now, sir, my observations in Utah lead mo
to believe that tho lowest estimate of popula-
tion is tnuch nearest tho truth ; that there cer-
tainly is not in the Territory of' Utah u popu-
lation exceeding one hundred thousand, and
that population is scattered over u territory
oi at least three hundred miles in extent, very
sparsely inhabited, occupying a narrow atrip
or belt running from the Union Paeilic rail-
road to Great Halt Ijtike Oily find ,so on down
toward Arizona. The means of this popula-
tion are very small. The accumulated wealth,
whatever it may be, is largely in possess!on of
the church. Ilere we havo a small pastoral
population scattered over a territory of three
hundred miles, without organization for the
purposes of war, for I think the militia organ-
ization is not to bo eonnted in that directum,
without arms and to a great extent without
munitions of war, and utterly unable to supply
themselves. Yet wo are told that these one
hundred thousand people will set up their will
against the United States and make a great
war and cost us many million dollars. There
is evidence enough already that this is mere
imagination. Brigham Young is now away
from Salt Lake City traveling through Arizona,
and trying to find some place to which he may
go with these people in case Congress shall
pass such a law as the one now pending and
evince a determination to enforce the laws of
the United States in Utah.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Will the gentle-
man from Michigan yield to me for tho purpose
of making a statement on this very point?
Mr. BLAIR. With pleasure.
Mr. HOOPEIt, of Utah. The journey which
U-overnor Young is now making to the south
is just such a journey as he has been making
nearly every year since I have known the Ter-
ritory. As the settlements have extended
north or south he has regularly visited them
once or twice a year. He has, therefore, no
more left Salt Lake City than he has for many
years past, and he has no more gone into Ari-
zona with a view of remaining there than the
gentleman who is now addressing the House.
Before I left Utah, even so far back as Septem-
ber last, he expressed his intention of visiting
these settlements and of extending his trip as
far perhaps as Arizona, and he told me that if
I remained at home during the winter it would
a (lord him the greatest pleasure to have me go
along with him. He will be back home in six
or eight weeks to tho permanent settlement of
Salt Lake City.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, I of course
have no desire to state anything which is not
well founded, and my information, whatever
I had, depended on other persons and not
upon any knowledge of my own. I have seen
letters Irom Salt Lake City which induced me
to think that Mr. Young had some different
motives from what ho ordinarily has in travel-
ing about among his people. That is not
material, however, to what I was saying. It
is quite natural that the Delegate from the
Territory should take great interest in this sub-
ject, representing as he does the people there;
and t havo no doubt the House will he glad to
hear him when he wishes the iloor for the pur-
pose of making any statement of facts ho may
deem proper; and I shall certainly thank him
for correcting 1110 if I make any misstatement
in that regard. What I was saying, however,
was this: that I cannot think that it is possi-
ble that thesu; people in Utah can entertain for
an instant the idea that they are going to make
war upon tho Government of the United States;
thattliey wish to have brought out there the
armies^ that conquered the rebellion, or that
they will be detained there long in a contest
with them. 1 was about to say that, I should
not-ask myself that question, but I certainly
feel as jl it was dillieult to restrain some mirth
at tin! idea so eloquently put forth, and in such
beautilul phrases, by the gentleman from Ne-
vada, j>Mr, Fitch, J when he told us not to pro-
voke war, not to enter upon a great contest
like this.
I will not detain the House longer upon I hat.
1 dismiss it, by giving it as at all events my own
opinion, that wo havo nothing to fear in that
direction. I think that if we feel that we ought
to enforce the laws in Utah we shall bn en-
tirely able to do it, and that without, war. Now,
sir, what has prevented the due execution oi
the laws in this Territory heretofore'/ 1 think
tins has grown out of tho want in tho Territory
of a proper system for tho government of judi-
cial proceedings, l'hevo has been no method
of getting a jury which should be impartial,
and the very_ fir.-.t thing that there seems to lie
a necessity for in a bill which shall undertake
to remedy this evil is that there shall bo pro-
vided 8011113 method by which a jury of impar-
tial citizens can he summoned and a true ver-
dict rendered.
Now, bir, is there any difficulty in the accom-
plishment of this? Shall we fmd it impossible
to obtain such a jury in that Territory? Fur
myscit X do not believe itloheimpossible. At
all events, lam notdisposed to venture--neither
ure the Committee on tho Territories—beyond
the ordinary course of judicial proceedings for
this purpose. They have provided in this bill
that there shall be appointed a marshal and
deputies for this Territory, and that this mar-
shal and his deputies shall summon the juries
And that is precisely tho manner in which the
juries are now summoned in tho United States
courts throughout the country, It is no inno-
vation. It follows the rule which we hsve
adopted elsewhere. The bill commands the
marshal to summonajury forthe district courts
and to havo it present at the term. It provides
then for prosecuting officers in behalf of the
United States, who ure to take charge of these
prosecutions, which are to be conducted in
accordance with the laws. Now, there is noth-
ing, I think, that need offend anybody in this
regard; and yet I believe the provisions of the
bill will he found abundantly sufficient to rem-
edy every evil that exists in that Territory at
this time. I think that the marshal who will
be appointed by the President of the United
States will be a gentleman who will be dis-
posed to enforce the laws; that he will sum-
mon such men upon the juries as are not dis-
posed to lean either way, but will endeavor to
do justice, to find out the truth as it really is,
and to execute the law as they find it. And I
think there will be found power enough in the
bill to accomplish this object.
This, sir, as I understand it, is the great feat-
ure of the bill. There has been heretofore no
method by which this could be done ; but the
selection of these juries, the execution of the
law in this regard has been confided entirely to
the people there upon the ground, that is, to
the Mormons themselves. We attempted to
root out Mormonism by a penal statute, and
then wo put the execution of the law upon that
subject into the hands of the very men whom
wo had declared to be criminals. It was a
most singular oversight, that when Congress
passed the law in 1862 against polygamy it left
the execution of the law against polygamy in
tho hands of the polygamista themselves. This
bill seeks to remedy that mistake by taking the
execution of the law out of the hands ot the
polygamists and putting it into the hands of
officers who are appointed for the purpose of
its execution. So far I believe that the bill
will be found to be effectual, and I think it will
meet the judgment of the House. There are
some provisions in the bill, it is true, which
would be likely, perhaps, to meet with some
opposition. But I think it will be found in
looking at these that they are not very material
to the general scope and effect of the bill itself,
b'or instance, upon page 10, section nineteen
of this bill, are provisions which are quite sweep-
ing in their effect, and which it strikes me are
unnecessary.
It, is provided here—
That 110 alien living in or practicing bigamy,
polygamy, or eoncubm.igo shall bo admitted to citi-
ytnishij) ot til'! united States; nor shall any person
lu ms m 01' practicing bipiiny, polygamy, or eon-
eiibinnse hold nny otlico of trust or profit in s:iid
tern tut y, rote ntany election therein, or be entitled
to, I ne hem-tils of the homestead or preemption
ot the United flutes ; and the district court'; of said
ItuiLary :iro Jiorobi authoiuod to isisuo writs of O o
ipfirranfn, ({c.
Then there is nil oath prescribed which it b
! required that all persons shall hike under cer-
tain circumstances. 1 think it will be found
probably that in tho execution of such a law
there would be very great difficulty in examin-
ing to who is guilty anil who is not; and con-
sidering the tribunal that would be compelled
to nmka such tin examination, I incline to the
opinion that it would be better to dispense with
it, entirely.
Mr. DAWES. As the gentleman is dis-
cussing the provisions of the bill seriatim, I
would like to ask him his views upon one feat-
ure of the bill, and it is an essential feature,
and one I admitthat may secure the end sought
r ■1*' a that is the mode of selecting juries.
1 do not know iu what manner they are selected
m the gentleman's own State, but it would
strike us in the East, unless there be some
absolute necessity for it, as wholly unjustifi-
able to put the selection of juries into the hands
or one man. There is nothing that would
strike us in the East as so at war with all the
principles of justice as clothing anyone man,
i do not care who he is, with the power of
selectmgin each particular case, from whom he
pleases, twelve men to try it. I do not know
that there is any remedy for it under existing
circumstances. If the gentleman can conceive
or some other way of selecting juries consist-
ent with an idea that they shall not bepacked,
it would be desirable.
Mr. BLAIR. In reply to the gentleman, 1
