1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
ley and 66 others, citizens of 0airfield; of
William French and 130 others, citizens of
Roekford; of F. H. Peet and 32 others, citi-
zens of Jamestown ; of J. A. Sprague and 37
others, citizens of Saranac; of O. P. McClure
and 40 others, citizens of Spender; of T. Foot
and 10 others, citizens of Grand Rapids ; of
S. A. Silaby and 43 others, citizens of Paris ;
of A. S. Gardner and 44 others, citizens of
Marshville; of F. J. Martin and 55 others,
citizens of Denver; of William Harris and 35
others, citizens of Norwood: of M. T. Wheeler
and 24 others, citizens of Woodland; of H.
Q. Rose and 166 others, citizens of Grand,
Rapids; of 0. D. Campbell and 33 others, j
citizens of Blair ; of Robert Lee and 40 others,
citizens of Northport; of N. W. Peake and
24 others, citizens of Frankfort; of Myron
Harris and 21 others, citizens of Tallmadge ;
and of P. C. Hopkins and 61 others, citizens
of Monroe Centre, all of the State of Michi-
gan, praying Congress to abolish the franking
By Mr. GILFILLAN: A petition of citizens
of Sheakleyville, Mercer county, Pennsylvania,
praying the abolition of the franking privi-
(AM
Also, the petition of H. H. Hervey and 228
others,, citizens of Pennsylvania, praying that
the Constitntion of the United States be so
amended as to recognize, by express terms
therein, Christ the Saviour.,
Also, a petition of citizens of Mercer county,
Pennsylvania, praying that no change in the
tariff be. made on American pig-iron, and for
reductioii of duties on coffee, tea, drugs, spices,
&c.
By Mr. HALDEMAN: A petition of dtSafeAS
Of Wellsville, York county, Pennsylvania, in
favor of the abolition of . the franking privilege.
By Mr: HEFLIN: A petition from a large
number of citizens of Clay and Cleabon coun-
ties, praying Congress to abolish the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition from a large number of citi-
zens of Macon county, Alabama, praying Con-
gress to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: 'Hie
petition of Ira Bradley & Co. and others,
engaged in the business of book-making, ask-
ing for a specific tariff of twenty-five cents
per pound on imported books.
Also, the memorial of B. T. Reed and
others, of Boston, Massachusetts, asking. for
an appropriation to deepen the St. Mary's
Falls snip-canal.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Tftah: A petition of
«itifcens of Hyde Park, Utah, for the'&bolition
of the franking privilege. ' .
By Mr. JOHNSON: Five petitions from
citizens of California, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A petition
cif citizens'of Flower Creek, Pendleton'county,
Kentucky, to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of George B. Hodge, for
relief of hia,political disabilities.
Also, a petition of citizens of Morgan Sta-
tion, Pendleton county^ Kentucky, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KELSEY: Petitions of citizens of
Rock Stream, New York; of Gorham, New
York j and of Flint Creek, New York, for the
aboliti0n; of the franking privilege.
: By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition Of Wil-
liam W.. Smith and 86 others, cigar minu-
factuters and dealers in Poughkeepsie, Nevfr
Ybrk, to rssfcore.the tariff on imported: cigars
to three dollars per pormd and fifty per cent.
ad valoreiH.
Also, the petition of Talmadge Decker ana
31 others, citizens of Ancram Centre, New
York, for tl|e abolition df the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, two petitionafrom spring-makers of
New York city, praying Congress to reduce
the duty on steel. ,
By Mr. KNAPP: Petitions of citizens of
Morns and 6f citizens of East Guilford, New
York, both praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. McGREW: Petitions for the aboli-
tion of the franldng privilege from citizens of
Barbour and Hampshire counties and residents
of Capon Springs, Dillon's llun, and Kuble-
town, West Virginia. ;
By Mr. MERCUR: A memorial of the1
Medical Society of Bradford county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for such legislation a£ will per-
manently secure to the medical officers of the
Navy such rank, privileges, immunities, and
definite protection as may be deemed proper ;
and needful. , .
Also, a petition of 33 citizens of Hill s
Grove, Sullivan county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the abolition ot the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of G. F. HortOn and 9
others, physicians of Bradford county, Penn- ,
sylvania, protesting against the wrongs suffered
by the medical staff of the United States Navy,
and praying for the passage of a law which
will secure to them such rank,, privileges, and
immunities as may be deemed proper.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: A peti-
tion of 38 citizens of Newport, New Jersey,
for the total abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of 22 citizens of Dacosta,
New Jersey, for the same purpose.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio : The petition of
Charles Ruckman and 32 others, of Wood
Grove, Ohio, for the abolition of the franking
privilege;.
Also, the petition of C. Woodworth and 9
others, of Millfield, Athens county, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. R. King and 58 others,
of Kings, Athens county, for the same purpose.
, Also, thepetition of S. H.Tidd and 67 others,
citizens of Harmar, Washington county, Ohio,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of William Pitt Putnam
and David Putnam, for relief.
~ By Mr. MYERS: The memorial of Lucretia
Ittott, Alfred H. Love, Mary R. Shoemaker,
and others,, citizens of Pennsylvania; A.ndrew
Jackson Davis, Agnes Parker, and others, citi-
zens of New York; Caleb Welles, Jonathan
Whipple, jr., and others, citizens of Connecti-
cut ; Dean Clark, Hiram Stebbins, and others,
citizens of Massachusetts; Levi IL Joslyn,
William Foster, jr., and others, citizens of,
Rhode Island, members of "The Universal
Peace Union and Friends of Peace in Amer-
ica,'' against the proposed enlargement of the
West Point Military Academy.
By Mr. PACKARD: Petitions of citizens
of Wheeler, Salt Creek,, and. Koutts, Porter
county, Indiana, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. READING: A petition of manu-
facturers of cigars of,the fifth congressional
district of Pennsylvania, asking for a higher
tariff on imported cigars.
. Also, a petition of 40 citizens of Durham,
Bucks county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 44 citizens of Burson-
ville, Bucks county, Pennsylvania, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of Camp Seco, California, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
. Also, a petition of citizens of North Colum-
bia, California, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
, Also, a petition of .citizens of Michigan
Bluff, California, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, .
Also, a petition of citizens of Alsmada, Cal-
ifornia, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Camptonville,
California, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of California, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of North Branch,
California, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sonora, Cali-
fornia, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Jamestown,
California, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a .petition of citizens of Forest Hill,
California, for the abolition of the fcanking
privilege.
By Mr. SCHENCK: Thepetition and papers
of Thomas Curry, a soldier of the war of 1812,
praying Congress for a pension for himself and
I veteran officers and soldiers of this war, suitable
to their rauk and service.
Also, the petition and papers of William
I McBryant, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
' for a pension.
Also, the petition and papers of Frederick
Walter, late a soldier of company A, fourth
United States artillery, praying Congress to
grant a pension for the loss of an eye in the
service.
By Mr. STEVENS: Petitions of Reuben
Porter and 41 others, citizens of Warner ; of
Charlc-s D. Fiteli and 88 others, citizens of
Greenfield, and of John M. Ladaand 10 others,
citizens of Loudo-n, New Hampshire, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
; By Mr. STIiADER: The memorial of James
Bradford & Co., of Cincinnati, Hamilton
county, Ohio, for reduction of duty on steel.
By Mr. STRONG: The remonstrance of
Wilfiam J. Clark & Co., of Southington, Con-
necticut, against further duties on steel, and
; praying for a reduction of existing duties. _
j Also, the petition of Hancock, McKenzie &
!| Go., and others, cigar manufacturers, &c., of
: Suffield, Connecticut, for restoration of former
; duty on imported cigars, and protesting against
a reduction of existing duty on same.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of Bollman
; & Carl, J. B. Charron, and others, importers
of Vinegar in Baltimore) New York, and other
cities, protesting against atay increase of the
duty on imported vinegar.
By Mr. TRIMBLE: A petition of Cres-
well's postmasters to abolish franking.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
John W. Chilcote and 40 others, citizens of
Sego, Perry county, Ohio, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, Jhe petition of D. F. Weaver and 55
others, citizens of Nebraska, Pickaway county)
Ohio,' praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 11, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J*. I*. New-
man', D. D. . ■ ~ \
On motion of Mi1.. MORTON, and by nhan-
imoui consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday Was dispensed with. ,
petitions and memorials,
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the
petition of John M. Gregory, of Charles City
county, Virginia, praying the removal of his
political disabilities; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities..
He also presented the memorial of Cigar-
makers' UnionNo. 1-08, of Erie, Pennsylvania,
praying that a tariff of three dollars per pound
and fifty per cent, ad valorem be imposed on
| all imported cigars; which- Waft referred to the
| Committee on Finance. *' .
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
I John Williams, of Virginia, praying the re-
! moval of his political disabilities; which was
; referred to the select Committee on the l e-
moval of Political Disabilities.
1 " He also presented' a petition of _
| of Accomac county, Virginia, praying t
| Lewis C. H. Finney, ef that county, may oe
I relieved of his political disabilities: wfiicn
