8092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
Mr. DRAKE. I renew it.
Mr. SUMNER. The motion will be entered,
of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the rules of
the Senate a motion to reconsider cannot be
entered unless the bill i3 in possession of the
Senate. The usage of the Senate has been
uniform, as the Chair is informed by the Sec-
retary, that a resolution must first be agreed
to recalling the bill, so that it shall lie on the
table of the Senate when it is reconsidered.
Mr. PO MEROY. That can be done to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; it cannot. Itshoold
be done now.
Mr. POMEROY. It can be done just as
well the next day we meet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is a motion to rescind
the rule under which we are acting in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to rescind the rule
under which the Senate is acting, for the pur-
pose, I will state to the Senate, of making this
motion. That is my only object. And then
we can reenact it. ,
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire in reference
to that motion whether it can be entertained
now without unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can. When
any parliamentary body is in the execution of
an order for the transaction of business, that
order can be rescinded, especially a continu-
ous order like this. It is often done in the
House of Representatives, where the roles of
course are more numerous and complex than
they are here. When the House resolves to
proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table Senate bills are first pro-
ceeded with; and when the House desires to
pass from that business it rescinds the order
and proceeds to' the consideration of other
business.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I would further in-
quire 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair -will
state that unless this could be done, if this call
of the Calendar should be continued to the
end of the session it could not be rescinded
except by unanimous consent, and that would
destroy forever the power of the majority of
the Senate to proceed to other business.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I inquire whether, if the
rule be rescinded for the present purpose, it
can be reestablished again without unanimous
eonsent. I was not in the Senate when this
arrangement was made last week, but I under-
stand it was done by unanimous consent. Am
I right in that, Mr. President?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was not, The
order was adopted by a majority vote of the
Senate upon a resolntion which lay bver under
objection.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that, by unanimous
consent, an order will be made to bring this bill
back, so that a Senator can exercise his right
to enter a motion to reconsider. Certainly I
hope no Senator will object to that; because
otherwise the right of a Senator is lost in this
body on these measures.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to appeal to him? I am in
favor of the bill making the appropriation in
the Missouri case, and I am in favor of the
Tennessee case. I agree precisely with what
my friend from West Virginia [Mr. Willbt]
has said upon those cases. Bat we do o*r
business here by general consent. A Senator
has a right within two legislative days to move
a reconsideration of any Dill that has passed,
and when the bill goes out of the possession of
the Senate within the two days I think that
that courtesy which no one possesses more
than my friend from Missouri would lead us
all to give a Senator his privilege to allow him
to do that which he would have a right to do if
the bill had not gone out of the possession of
the Senate. Otherwise, we shall be obliged to
adopt a rule not to send a bill to the House of
Representatives until the time has expired
within which a Senator can make a motion to
reconsider. I think that is better for us all
around.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator to permit
me to make a suggestion. These claims ought
to be acted upon. They ought either to be
passed or rejected. I propose to the Senate
that by general consent they agree to make a
test case of the one under consideration or
of the Missouri case. Let the subject be set
for a particular day and the whole matter be
debated, and let the Senate come to a deliber-
ate judgment what it will do, and then mem-
bers of the Senate will know what rule to con-
form to.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I should prob-
ably be the last one on this floor who would
undertake by a single objection to prevent the
accomplishment of a purpose such as the Sen-
ator from Illinois has in moving to recall this
bill; and if there is one point understood about
it I shall not have the smallest hesitation in
withdrawing my objection. This bill was not
discussed upon the passage of it. The report
was read. I said in the hearing of the Sen-
ator from Illinois that there was a report in
favor of it from the Committee on Claims of
each House, that the bill had once passed each
House, passed the Senate in the Fortieth Con-
gress, and now passed the House of Represent-
atives. The report of the Committee on Claims
of the Senate was read from the Secretary's
desk, and 'the bill passed without a word of
objection on the part of any Senator, when a
single objection would have taken it over.
Now, if we are to have the bill come back
here and have a motion to reconsider made, if
it is understood that the bill cannot when it
comes back be thrown over by a single objec-
tion, thrown off from before the Senate entirely
by a single objection, but that the matter can
be discussed, that the Senators can individually
learn all the facts of the case and then act upon
it with a full knowledge of all the facts, I have
not the Smallest objection to its e6ming back.
But if it is to be brought back here, apd the
moment a reconsideration takes place a single
objection is to throw it over, and we are never
to see or hear of the bill at this session of
Congress again, then I feel justified in object-
ing to the motion and in placing every obstacle
in the way of it that I can, because I believe
the bill to be a most just and righteous one,
and because after attention has been challenged
to it, as it was this morning, and the statement
publicly made as to the reports in favor of it
by the Claims Committees of the two Houses,
and the passage of it by the two Houses, 1 do
not think we ought to turn around and snatch
the bill from its consummation and snatch at
the satpn time the compensation of this citizen
for his property taken by the Government.
Now, sir, if it be understood that when it
comes back here upon the motion to recon-
sider we can go into a discussion of the bill,
and examine it in all its bearings, I have no
objection to its coming; but unless that under-
standing can be had I shall interpose every
obstacle I can to its coming back here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to the reception of
the motion of the Senator from Illinois at this
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Illinois, now before the Sen-
ate, is not that referred to by the Senator from
Missouri. The motion of the Senator from
Illinois which the Chair has recognised is to
rescind the order under which the Senate is
now acting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to suspend the
order.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not understand that a
motion to suspend any rule here is in order
without unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is not a i
rule of the Senate; it is an order with regard
to the order of business of the Senate; and the
Chair thinks it can be suspended for the pur-
pose of transacting any business by a majority ;
vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know nothing of Mr.
Cutler's claim. I am not opposed to his claim
because I do not know whether I ought to be
opposed to it or in favor of it. The Senator i
from Missouri will understand that I am as
much in favor of paying claims that ought to
be paid as he is, and I think a person who sits
in the Senate and objects to every claim with-
out knowing whether it is good or bad, and
opposes a just and honest claim, acts as wrongly
as one who advocates an unjust claim. The
reason I desired to make the motion the Sen-
ator fully understands. I understand the same
principle to be involved in this claim, and the
Senator from Missouri, I am sure, would be
just as unwilling as I am to pass a claim in
favor of one person and deny a claim in favor
of another person, both involving the same
principle. I know he would not do that any
sooner than I would.
Mr. DRAKE. Then let us pass the Cowan
& DiekinsOn claim.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator may think
it right, but we are not prepared to allow it
yet; and we may be complicated by the pas-
sage of this bill before that, which may be
regarded as a precedent. I certainly should
not interpose an individual objection of mine
to prevent action on a case that would other-
wise be acted upon; but I cannot enter into
any arrangement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois, if he may
be excused for the suggestion, that if the res-
olution should be entertained and agreed to,
and when the bill comes back a motion made
by the Senator from Illinois to reconsider its
passage should be entered, if the Senate should
decide to treat it the same as an amendment
from the House to a Senate bill, they could
proceed to consider it on Monday morning
when presented by the Chair. It has been the
usage of the Senate to consider House amend-
ments to Senate bills when they are'presented
by the Chair. If it is the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to consider this bill on1 the question of its
passage, in the same way it can be reached
immediately after the reading of the Journal
on Monday.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, let me be
understood. I do not wish that this bill, now
that it has passed both Houses and passed the
Senate a Becond time, shall be in a position
where it can by the single objection of any
Senator be thrown overboard; but I wish it
to be placed in a position where, if it comes
back here, we can have the opportunity of
investigating it £nd showing to the Senator
from Illinois and to every other Senator the
entire justice and righteousness of the claim.
If the President or if any Senator can suggest
any possible way in which this can be done I
will at once withdraw all objection to the
motion of the Senator from Illinois, and will
agree to have the bill sent for.
Mr. THAYER. Does not the report em-
body all that need be said in regard to it?
Does not that give the whole facts V
Mr. DRAKE. The reports of the two com-
mittees of the two Houses give all the facts
with the utmost particularity; but then, aside
from those facts, there is a question raised now
by the Senator from Illinois whether under
any circumstances the Government shall pay
for anything that it took for fortification or for
defense during the war; whether it shall pay
for anything, for, said the Senator, you might
just as well call upon the Government to pay
for the earth that it took to make earth-works,
or for the timber that it took to build block-
houses or for that it cut down to make abattis.
Now, sir, if we are to have this matter be-
fore us at all, I concur with the Senator from
