4980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
it is our people in Boston and in New York,
speculators who have bought lands there with
the intention of producing this legislation here
and reducing the price of coal.
In Pennsylvania we have, as I stated some
time ago, twelve thousand six hundred and
fifty-six square miles of bituminous coal; West
Virginia, fifteen thousand; Kentucky, thirteen
thousand ; Illinois,,thirty thousand ; and so all
the western States have much larger amounts
than the State of Pennsylvania, except two or
three. If we are cut off from the eastern mar-
ket we shall be competitors with the western
States for this coal; we shall use the cheap
navigation of the Ohio to send our coal down
into Illinois, into Indiana, and Louisiana, and
all the country on the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers. Our natural market is the city of Phil-
adelphia and the city of New York, and we
only furnish that sort of coal which is used for
gas from our mines. Therefore I say that other
States are much more interested than we are
in the matter of the duty on bituminous coal.
I know it has become fashionable to talk
about the iron of Pennsylvania, as if she only
was interested in these questions. Why, sir,
iron cau be made cheaper by one fourth in the
State of Alabama than it can be in Pennsyl-
vania, and I think one third cheaper in the
State of Tennessee than it can be in Pennsyl-
vania. The other day when I offered an amend-
ment to the Southern Pacific railroad bill
requiring iron to be used manufactured only
from American ores I thought I was doing a
benefit to these people in the South. They
are more interested than we are.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Pennsylvania that he
has spoken six minutes.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not think talking
will do any good, at any rate; so I shall trust
to the magnanimity as well as intelligence and
patriotism of the Senate to stand by this great
interest in which we are all so much concerned.
Mr. PERRY. Mr. President, I trust that
the amendment of the Senator from California
will not prevail. I think that justice requires
that the duty on coal should be entirely re-
moved, and that that commodity should be
admitted free of duty. At the same time, if
the interests of the revenue require the tax
which the Committee on Finance recommend,
I would not, in view of those interests, object
to that tax. But when an amendment is offered,
not for the purpose of fevenue, but for the sheer
purpose of compelling the industry of one por-
tion of the country to pay a tax, an invidious
tax to the industry of another portion of the
country, without any general necessity for such
tax, it seems to me that the proposition is
carrying the doctrine of protection to the very
extreme of absurdity.
It is said that the bituminous coal is used
upon the Atlantic sea-board, not in the house-
hold for domestic and family consumption, but
that its main use is in the manufactories. It
may be true. The manufactories along the
whole northeastern Atlantic sea-board are tend-
ing more and more toward that sea-board for
convenience of transportation and for cheap-
ness of freight, both of the raw material that
is manufactured and of the product of the man-
ufacture itself; and as these manufactories are
built up they are filled with the humbler classes
of the community who obtain their livelihood
by the labor of their hands, and everything
which unnecessarily checks the growth of such
manufactures operates not only against the
capitalist who builds up the manufacturing
establishment, but operates against the great
industrial portions of the community.
I hope, sir, that the time may speedily come
when the interests of the revenue will not re-
quire any duty whatever upon this commodity;
and it certainly does seem that a material enter-
ing into the primary consumption of the com-
munity as this does, a material necessary to
the mind and so bulky for transportation from
abroad, might be able to be produced by our
own owners of the coal mines in the different
States without the necessity of levying a tax
upon other portions of the community for their
own personal and particular advantage.
I trust the Senate will not adopt the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from California.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I see
that the time has arrived when this tariff ques-
tion must be settled, and settled upon a per-
manent basis. New England for the last fifty
years has been receiving the benefit of protec-
tion to every product of her looms and her
anvils. She now is in the position of the
rebels, who, after they had established their
government in the South, wanted "to be let
aloue.'' That is all New England wants now.
She has got all the protection she needs 011
her products of the loom and the anvil, and
now her cry is, " Let us alone, and strike off
protection from every other part of the United
States."
Mr. President, this thing has gone far enough,
and I now give notice that 1 shall at an early
day introduce a bill repealing the entire rev-
euue system and placing a horizontal duty
upon every article imported into these United
States except spirits, wine, and tobacco; and
I am willing that New England, or any other
portion of these United States, may say what
that duty shall be. It may be forty per cent.,
fifty per cent., thirty per cent., or any other
per cent. It shall be a revenue duty, and
chargeable upon every product of a foreign
Government that enters into competition with
our own. In that way we shall settle this pro-
tective question and settle it forever, and hear
no more complaints from New England if we
ask for a protection to the products of the
West.
I now hope that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance will consent that this whole
revenue bill may be referred back to that com-
mittee. Let that committee ascertain how
much reduction we can spare, how much we
can take oil' the receipts, and let the whole of
it come off tea, sugar, and coffee, and let the
tariff remain another winter, and then the
South and the West united will fix this tariff
to suit the interests of the people of the United
States of America.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall have the
question upon the duty on coal.
Mr. COUKEIT. I shall vote against the
amendment inserting fifty cents a tou as the
duty 011 bituminous coal, so as to leave that
article to stand according to the present law at
$1 23 a ton. There are now imported into
this country only about five hundred thousand
tons of this coal, while there are produced
iu the United States four and a half million
tons, or nearly that. If by taking off the duty
on these five hundred thousand tons we are
to stop the production of the four and a half
million tons, and destroy entirely this coal
interest iu the three States of Pennsylvania,
West Virginia, and Maryland, I think it would
be a very unwise policy. I understand that the
cost of this coal at the mine now is one dollar
a ton, and the protection is $1 25. If we take
off this protection, certainly unless the canals
and railroads can transport the coal for ainuch
less rate than they do now, coal mining must
stop. We cannot afford to throw out of em-
ployment the large number of people that are
engaged iu the production of coal in these
mines, and the large number attendant upon
its production who are employed in its trans-
portation by railroad and otherwise. If we do
what will be the result? What are those men
to do? Are they to enter into the production
of the cereals, grain, and the other products
of the country ?
No, sir; we must diversify our industry;
we must encourage all classes, and protect all
classes of industries as much as we can. Par-
ticularly should we encourage the industry of
those who are consuming the products that we
make in the western country. The miners en-
gaged in mining coal, and those who transport
coal to market, consume the products of the
West; consume the wheat, the corn, the pork,
the beef that we raise. In order to create a
market for these'great products of the West
we must protect the industries of the Bast; we
must protect the industry of those engaged in
the coal regions, whether, they are in the East
or in the middle States. They are engaged in
producing an article which requires protection
as much as the manufacturing interests of the
East'or of the West-
It seems to me it would be suicidal for us to
reduce this duty. Our people are now paying
a duty on only about five hundred thousand
tons. The duty they pay is but little over half
a million dollars. Now, it is proposed to re-
duce that duty by taking off $300,000. Surely
this tax is not a very heavy tax upon the eastern
communities who use this coal for the purpose
of makinggas and for manufacturingpurposes.
It is true that if you destroy this coal interest,
and get the entire amount of coal you use from
the British provinces, you may possibly for a
short time after you have broken down the do-
mestic interest get your coal cheaper; but as
soon as your home competition is broken down
the owners of the foreign mines will put up the
price of their coal higher than they now charge
and higher than the price now charged by the
mines in these three States of ours.
I think it very unwise to reduce the duty
upon this class of coal. It enters principally
into the manufacture of gas; and a small
amount is used for generating steam in general
manufactures. Gas is an article that can stand
this tax. We know that the corporations en-
gaged in the manufacture of gas are the most
profitable corporations in the country * and they
can well afford to pay this tax.
I hope, sir, for the reasons 1 have stated, that
this amendment will not be agreed to, and that
the duty on bituminous coal will stand as it is
at present.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I regret,
Mr. President, that this question should have
arisen under the circumstances that now sur-
round us. I am opposed to this interference
with questions that have no relation to the bill
properly before the Senate. By this amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance a duty of
fifty cents a tou is proposed on bituminous
coal. No provision iu regard to coal was sent
to this body in the bill from the other House.
I am for low duties; I am not in any sense of
the term in favor of the principles of protection
as commonly urged; but when I say this, I
ask that fairness shall be dealt out to all the
great interests of the country. This is a prop-
osition to reduce the duty on coal. While you
propose to reduce the duty 011 foreign coal you
impose taxes and duties upon everything that
enters ifito the consumption of those who pro-
duce aud labor in coal in this country. I ask
the gentlemen from Now England if they pro-
pose to place those people who delve in our
mines upon fairground with their own people ;
that, when at the same time they propose to
reduce the tariff upon coal, they will not re-
duce the tariff upon those articles that go into
the production of coal and the transportation
of it to the sea-board?
The miners of coal wear cotton aud woolen
cloths; they consume salt, pepper, sugar,coffee,
tea, fish ; all those articles are taxed at not less
thau irom thirty up to two hundred per cent.,
necessarily increasing the price of their labor,
so that it is impossible that we should ca.ry
coal from the mines to the sea-board at the
rate we did when we had low duties. Y.m
propose to make^ the miner pay a duty of fi re
cents a pound for coffee, of from two to fi/e
cenls a pound for sugar, of from eighteen 10
twenty five cents a bushel for salt; and thc-n
you make him pay from two and a half to five
cents a yard, and in addition to that from thirty
to thirty-five per cent, ad valorem, making
oftentimes as high as one hundred or one hun-
dred and fifty per cent., on the cotton cloths
that he wears. You propose to make ki-m pay
