190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 24,
Ho. oe Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Allison.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
to enable the American people to compete suc-
cessfully, as of old, for the commerce of the
world.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. W. B. ALLISON,
or iowa,
In the House of Representatives,
March 24 and 25, 1870.
The House being in the Committee of the 'Whole,
and having under consideration the bill (II. R. No.
10GB) to amend existing laws relating to the duty on
imports, and for other purposes-
Mr. ALLISON said:
Mr. Chairman : In any remarks I may make
upon the subject now under consideration by
the committee it is not my purpose to enter
into a discussion of theories distinguished by
what is known as free trade and protection.
So far as I can I shall address myself to the
discussion ofthe question immediately pending
before the committee, to wit, the bill reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, for the
revision or the partial revision of existing
duties on imports.
In the beginning I will say that I regret that
I am compelled to differ from the majority of
the Committee of Ways and Means with refer-
ence to the expediency of the proposed meas-
ure, except in so far as it results in a reduction
ol' the burdens of taxation imposed upon the
great body of the people.
With the present requirements of the Gov-
ernment it cannot be pretended that, the United
States can now approach anything like a sys-
tem of free trade. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury in liis last annual report indicates to us that
it is absolutely necessary for the general pur-
poses of the Government to raise a revenue of
$201,000,000. In this amount ho includes
nothing whatever for the discharge of any por-
tion ofthe principal of the public debt, not even
that, portion of the public debt which the law
ol 18li2 requires to be provided for in the way
ofasmkingfund, amounting, inroundnumbers,
to about §25,000,000 annually. So that if a
sinking fund is provided as required by the law
of 1802 the total wants ofthe Government for
the next year under economical administration
will be, m round numbers, $315,000,000.
The Secretary of the Treasury states in his
report that under existing internal revenue
laws and tariff laws there will be raised during
the present fiscal year revenue to the amount
of $303,000,000, showing a surplus in the
Treasury at the end of the present fiscal year of
$102,000,000, unless there should be a reduc-
tion of taxation.
'The Committee of Ways and Means have
already, in their present report upon the tariff
and the report jvliich they will, 1 believe, soon
make with reference to internal revenue, de-
cided upon a reduction of the revenues to the
extent of $50,000,000, reducing the internal
tax $30,000,000, and the duties upon imports
$20,000,000. _ This reduction of taxation is, I
believe, so universally acquiesced in by gentle-
men upon both sides of the House that its ex-
pediency or its necessity cannot be a subject
ot discussion here. The only question upon
which a difference of opinion can arise is
whether this reduction shall be limited to
$50,000,000, or whether there shall bea greater
reduction.
Of course it is not proper for me here to
speak of the method which the Committee of
Ways and Means propose for the reduction of
internal taxation, as the report upon that sub-
ject has not yet been made. But I can say that
if we decide to allow the income tax to remain,
th en in order to reach a reduction of $30,000,000
it will be necessary to dispense virtually with
all other taxes excepting those upon distilled
spirits, fermented liquors, and tobacco, together
with the taxes derived from stamps, and a few
miscellaneous taxes, sucli as bank taxes, lot-
teries, &c.
The question immediately before the House
for consideration is, what reduction of duties
shall bo made under our tariff laws, and how
that reduction shall be made. It is the judg-
ment of, perhaps, a majority of this House that
the present protective duties upon imports
should be continued ; and it therefore becomes
proper to inquire what classes of articles are
protected under the existing tariff, and the
extent of such protection.
An examination of this tariff will disclose
the fact that only a few of tlie vast number of
industries in this country are protected specific-
ally by existing laws. The manufacturers of
iron in its ruder forms are protected. The
manufacturers of woolen goods are fully and
amply protected, as I shall endeavor to show
in my remarks hereafter. The manufacturers
of cotton goods are also protected, not, how-
ever, to the same extent as those of many
other articles. The manufacturers of steel are
also largely protected. Those who are engaged
in the solar evaporation of salt, or in its man-
ufacture in the finer forms, are also largely
protected.
_ The Special Commissioner of the Revenue, in
his report made at the beginning of the present
session, classifies the productive interests of
the country, by which it appears that at least
1,000,000 skilled artisans, machinists, ship-
builders, carpenters, shoemakers, blacksmiths,
masons, &c., are engaged in the manufacture
of articles for consumption and are not class-
ified among those who are protected under the
existing revenue laws, lie estimates the total
products of agriculture at $8,282,950,000, and
ihe product of the skilled operatives not in-
cluded in the protected classes at $1,000,000,000
per annum. These operatives are engaged in
producing articles of which iron, steel, leather,
woolen and cotton manufactures are the raw
material; and any tax or impost duty which
increases the price of these raw materials is a
burden upon these skilled artisans and mechan-
ics, or else a burden upon the consumers of
their products. A summary statement of the
values created by the leading industries of the
country would be substantially as follows:
Agriculture :. $3,282,950,000
Cotton manufactured  71,500,000
Woolen manufactures  6(3,000,000
Iron production, pig and bar  119,950,000
Leather manufactures  222,600,000
ltailway service  ;;60,000,000
Jfiahenes  100,000,000
Total $4,223,000,000
The Commissioner estimates the gross product
of the country at $6,825,000,000. This leaves
more than one third of the total product from
the industrial classes unenumerated, of which
artisans, machinists, carpenters, ship-builders,
shoemakers, blacksmiths, masons, &c.,with the
other small industries scattered over the entire
country, is estimated at $1,000,000,000.
The agricultural interest, it will be seen, is
much the largest interest in its aggregate pro-
duct, as well as in the number of persons em-
ployed. I believe no one will claim that this
large interest is directly protected. It is true
that under existing laws there is a small duty
upon wheat, barley, oats, and other agricultural
products. But this does not afford any protec-
tion to the great wheat and grain producing
regions of the country.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wilson,]
in discussing this question yesterday, stated
truly that the cost of wheat in New England is
about $1 70 per bushel, while in Illinois, Iowa,
and Wisconsin the price is about 65 cents per
bushel. The Canada wheat is the only wheat
that comes in competition with our own. Can-
ada being nearer New England than the wheat-
growing States more than makes up the duty
in the reduced cost of transportation. What
is true of wheat is equally true of other grains.
Therefore, the farmer has practically no pro-
tection directly; and whatever benefit he de-
rives is indirect and from the home market
furnished for agricultural products. Unfortu-
nately for the farmer the market price for his
wheat is fixed by the price which the surplus
will bring abroad, or the price of wheat in Lon-
don or Liverpool. At that market where the
surplus is sold, and which fixes the value of
the whole crop, he comes in competition with
grain produced in the Crimea, in Hungary,
and in the region of the Baltic, from fields cul-
tivated by what is known, in comparison with
our own, as pauper labor.
_ But I am told we must so legislate as to fur-
nish a home market for all our agricultural
products, and this can only be done by a high
tariff. Any one examining the subject will see
that our agricultural products increase more
rapidly than our population, so that if we do
not export these products in their natural con-
dition we must do so by converting them into
manufactured articles and export these arti-
cles. But this cannot be done under a high
tariff, for all nations will buy manufactured
products where they are cheapest, and the
nation selling cheapest will control the mar-
ket. This rule excludes our highly-taxed manu-
factures made from highly-taxed materials
from the markets of the world, although we
have natural advantages possessed by no other
nation. Hence our exports of manufactured
products are $10,000,000 less this last year
than they were ten years ago.
But our policy with reference to agriculture
has a tendency to increase its product rapidly.
We give every man who will till tho soil, whether
native or naturalized, 160 acres of land. 1 do
.not condemn that policy. It is a policy which
has developed the western portion of the coun-
try more than any other policy which could
have been devised. But it is a policy the
effect of which will be constantly to increase
the agricultural products of the country, creat-
ing a surplus over and above the home con-
sumption. That surplus must have a market
somewhere, and that market will be found
principally in Europe, in its natural form, or
in the shape of flour, pork, beef, or some other
concentrated product. This can only be avoided
by such an adjustment of our industries as will
make us large exporters of manufactured pro-
ducts, which is practically impossible under our
heavy taxation, direct and indirect.
It is said by those who defend the present and
proposed tariff that if we will wait long enough
commodities will be cheapened. How long
shall we be required to await this happy result
when exactions under the tariff will be paid by
the foreign producer? Certainly not until we
can manufacture like articles cheaper than they
can be manufactured abroad. There are in-
stances doubtless now where the tariff does not
add to the cost of the article to the consumer,
depending upon the character of the production,
the particular place of production, and the
relative cost of transportation to distant parts
of the country. But this cannot be true gen-
erally.
A striking illustration of this untruth may
be found in the case of an article of large pro-
duction, and the raw materials of which are in
great abundance, namely, iron, as set forth in
a report made to the House by the committee
appointed to take into consideration the cause
of the decline in American commerce. The
testimony disclosed in that report shows that
it is impossible for us to compete with the
Englishin building ships. And why? Because
the tariff, by increasing the duty on iron, has
increased its cost. Now, if ithas increased the
cost of iron to the ship-builder in this country
it has also increased its cost to every consumer
in this country.
