1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3093
Kentucky, that we ought at once to proceed
now, after the lapse of more than five years
since the rebellion was crashed, to consider
and decide upon what principle we shall act in
the matter of settling these claims. It you
will give the chance upon the Cutler bill; or
upon the Cowan & Dickinson bill either, to
discuss that matter and to come to a definite
conclusion, I am ready to have the Cutler bill
come back here; but if it is to be brought back
merely to be slaughtered by a single objec-
tion, after all the time that the party has been
trying to get his money and is now just within
an inch of fruition, I shall interpose every
difficulty that I can in the way of getting it
back here.
Mr. THAYER. I shall object to any further
discussion. If we can vote I am willing to
let the vote be taken; bat if not, I think we
should go to the next bill on the Calendar.
Mr. DRAKE* What right has the Senator
to object to any farther diseuBsion?
Mr. THAYER. I have that right under the
rule of the Senate under which we are pro-
ceeding.
The VICE PRESIDENT.' The Senator
from Illinois has moved to saspend that order
of business. r
Mr. WILSON. T desire to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator from Missouri. I suggest
that he withdraw his objection to calling the
bill back and trust this* body to do justice to
him and hear his case. I will say to the Sen-
ator that in fifteen years' experience In this
body his opposition is the first instance of the
kind I ever knew in such a case. We often
send bills to the other Hoase where a motion
is afterward made to recall them, and I never
before heard such a motion objected to. Until
a recent rule oil the subject we often sent nom-
inations to the President and had motions to
recall them, and I never heard anybody object
to Bach a motion. It is the elear right of a Sen-
ator to enter a motion to reconsider a vote
either on the confirmation of a nomination or
on the passage of a bill, and when the nom-
ination ob bill has gone out of the possession
of the Senate, and a Senator desires to make
such a motion, I never knew any opposition
to sending to the President or to the House
for the return of the nomination or bill. If
the Senator from Missouri persists in taking
this position, of course the right of any Sen-
ator to enter a motion to reconsider is a lost
right in this case. This is the first time I ever
heard that position taken, and I think if the
Senator will consider the subject he will not
be the first man to do such a thing in the Sen-
ate of the United States.
Mr. DRAKE. One word more by way of
inquiry of the Chair. Sappose, now. that the
proposition of the Senator from Illinois is
earned, and the. bill is sent for and brought
back from the House of Representatives, and
a motion is made to reconsider its passage, I
ask the Chair for information, can we discuss
the bill on that motion to reconsider ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly, when
the motion to reconsider eomes up for action,
the merits of the bill are involved in the motion
to reconsider. The Chair will state that if
the bill comes back, on Monday morning the
Chair will submit it, of course, like other bills
from the House of ^Representatives. If, how-
ever, Senators should then insist on the morning
business being continued, the bill could not be
proceeded with, unless by unanimous consent.
But after the morning business was concluded
the Chair supposes the motion to reeonsider
might be proceeded with by a majority voting
to proceed to its consideration.
Mr. DRAKE. That is the point. When
will the motion to reconsider ever be heard?
When shall we ever get a chance to consider it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By a majority
of the Senate voting to proceed to its consider-
ation, unless by unanimous consent they should
consider this bill as in the same position as an
amendment of the House to a Senate bill when
the Chair lays it before the Senate on Monday
morning.
Mr. DRAKE. One other question I wish
to ask the Chair. When it come3 back here
and a motion to reconsider is attached to it,
does that entitle any single Senator to throw
the bill over under the rule we are now acting
upon?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not when
the motion to reconsider can be proceeded
with. It could not be proceeded with, how-
ever, daring the continuance of this order,
because the Senate have decided that during
the call of the Calendar under this order no
other business shall be in order, not even a
motion to go into executive session, except by
unanimous consent. If the motion to recon-
sider should come up at any other time it would
delitttatjl©
Mr. DRAKE. Then if the bill comes back
here there will be an opportunity for discuss-
ing the merits of it upon the motion to recon-
sider, when we can get that motion before the
Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I withdraw my opposi-
tion to the request of the Senator from Illi-
nois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I ask that the
usual order be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection an order Will be entered directing
the Secretary to request the House of Repre-
sentatives to return the bill for the relief of
O. N. Cutler to the Senate, when a motion to
reconsider the vote on its passage can be
entered.
A message was afterward received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Lloyd, its
Chief Clerk, returning to the Senate, in com-
pliance with its request, the bill (H. R. No.
1666) for the relief of Otis N. Cutler, of Mis-
souri..
JOHN C. ABERCKOMBIK.
The next bin on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 759) granting a pension to John C.
Abercrombie; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It .provides for placing
the name of Johrr C. Abercrombie, late lieu-
tenant colonel ofthe eleventh regiment of Iowa
infantry volunteers, on the pension-roll at the
rate of thirty dollars per month, from and after
the date of its passage.
Mr. POMEROY. There* seems to be no
report in that case, and the pension is thirty
dollars a month.
Mr. HOWELL. There is no written report,
but the Iowa Legislature passed a joint resolu-
tion in favor of granting this pension, which
states the facts. Many of the members of the
Legislature were the companions in arms of
Lieutenant Colonel Abercrombie.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to know what the
ground is for granting thirty dollars a month.
Mr. HOWELL. John C. Abercrombie en-
tered the service at the breaking out of the war.
Hewasin the three months' service; he fought
at the battle of Wilson's creek, reSn listed, and
continued in the service until the close of the
War. By the universal consent of his com-
panions in arms i"n Iowa he was the very first
on the list of the brave and gallant officers of
that State. He endured a great deal of hard-
ship in the service, and he finally left it with a
broken constitution and a shattered nervous
system, and with an affection of partial paraly-
sis,, which finally fell upoB his eyes and caused
entire blindness. With a family on his hands
to support, with no means for their support,
he being dependent upon his own exertions for
his own and their living, he appeals to the
generosity and the liberality of the Government
for a pension under the circumstances.
Mr. POMEROY. I called attention to it j
because the bills we have heretofore passed on 1
this Calendar were to place privates oh the
pension-roll at eight dollars a month. i
Mr. HOWELL. This is the ease of A
lieutenant colonel in the service, and the bill
provides for the ordinary pension for his rank.
Mr. WILSON. Wasthis offioera lieutenant
colonel ?
Mr. HOWELL. He was.
Mr. WILSON. Then it is all right.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know that fact.
Mr. HOWELL. I think it is stated in the
bill that he was a lieutenant colonel.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not hear it.
Mr. FENTON. I have no doubt this is a
very meritorious case, but I find on looking
over the Calendar that this and several other
bills from the Pension Committee have no writ-
ten report accompanying them. I think here-
after it would be the better practice for the
Committee on Pensions to accompany each
case with a report setting forth specifically the
ground for relief.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a memorial of the
Iowa Legislature on the table that sets forth
all the facts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
james ii. bunce.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 537) for the relief of James H. Bunce ;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for placing the name of
James H. Bunce, late captain of the United
States tow-boat Nick W. Hughes, who lost his
left leg in the United States service on the 16th
of April, 1865, upon the pension-roll, at the
rate of seventeen dollars per month from the
16th of Aprii, 1865.
Mr. HOWELL. I will state that the Pen-
sion Committee were not in the habit of mak-
ing out written reports at the time this bill was
reported. I reported it, as was customary, with-
out filing a written report; but there were some
peculiar circumstances in the case. James H.
Bunce, the applicant, was ordered by a military
officer, who had the right to give sucli orders,
to take command of a boat on the Tennessee
river, and while in command of that boat and
in the executiou of orders, either by ambush
or by a sally of the enemy, the boat was attacked
and he was shot, and lost his leg in conse-
quence of it.
Mr. POMEROY. Why is he not entitled
under existing laws to a pension?
Mr. HOWELL. There was some defect in
the character of the evidence before the Com-
missioner of Pensions, as I believe, but I have
forgotten the circumstances now,
Mr. POMEROY. There could not be any
mistake about his losing a limb*.
Mr. HOWELL. This Case was beforo the
Committee on Pensions, and fully examined
by the chairman [Mr. Edmunds] and the other
members of the committee, and they decided
unanimously in favor of granting the pension.
The facts are as I have stated them. As to the
defect of proof I do not remember what cir-
cumstance of defect caused the rejection of the
application at the Pension Office.
Mr; HOWARD. It is rather an unfavor-
able cireumstance, it seems to me, that there
was a defect of proof before the Commissioner
of Pensions ana that the honorable Senator is
not able to state what the defect was.
Mr. POMEROY. If themau lostalimb that
would be evidence enough, it seems to me.
Mr. HOWELL. Moxiot see anything aston-
ishing in this matter. If the whole case was
so completely made out that the Commissioner
of Pensions was bound to grant the party a
pension there would have been no occasion
for his coming to the Committee on Pensions.
It is sot a very singular circumstance that I
have at this time forgotten the identical fact
upon which a doubt rested in the mind of the
Commissioner of Pensions, or upon what par-
ticular fact this man's failure to get a pension
was based. The facts that I have stated are
sufficient. If there could have been full tech-
nical proof to the satisfaction of the Commis>
