1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2149
as well as perhaps to pat in others. There is
one provision, too, which I think ineffectual
and altogether unnecessary. I refer to that
which contemplates the support of the poor
wives and orphans of that Territory when the
harems there shall have been broken up. The
proposition is to take care of these people;
and the question is, how can we do it? I hear
gentlemen all around me say it is quite impos-
sible to support these poor people by paying
for it out of the Treasury in the manner here
provided. Let me say on that subject that, as
it seems to me, Cromwell adopted tho right
rule when he broke up the convent. Stamping
liis foot upon the floor, ho said, as he thrust
tho nuns out of doors, Go spin, you jades ;
go spin!" I would be in favor of pursuing
this method first in tho Territory of Utah; and
if afterward I found poor people I should bo
inclined to treat them as we treat poor people
throughout the country, letting their support,
when it is necessary to support thorn, fall upon
the locality where they reside.
Mr. N11SLACK. I wish to put an inquiry
to the gentleman. As we have established the
principle that the Government should take cave
of any unfortunate class of people who cannot
take care of themselves, might not tho advan-
tages of the l?recdmen's Bureau bo very prop-
erly extended to tho persons of whom tho gon-
tlemauisnowspeaking? ltwillboremombercd
that polygamy and slavery have been classed
together as "twin relics of barbarism."
Mr. BLAIR. Well, sir, I will wait till tho
gentleman introduces his proposition looking
to that end. I know that he likes tho bureau
very much, and would bo glad to extend it over
the people of this Territory, but it really was
not contrived for any such purpose, and tho
gentleman will have to suggest some slight
alterations in it before I shall bo inclined to
send it out there.
But I am disposed lo do just what will bo best
in regard to this question, f am as much as
anybody, perhaps, inclined to look very chari-
tably upon these women in the situation in
which they are in tho Territory of Utah; but,
sir, wo cannot forget tho fact that they wont
there voluntarily; that, if they are concubines,
they are concubines voluntarily. It'they chose,
a dozen or tweuty of them, to form the haretu
of Brighiim Young, thoy did it of then' own
choice. They were notcompelled; and if, when
this thing comes to be broken up, thev find them-
selves unfortunately circumstanced it is only
the common ease of persons who go into evil
courses and had tho outcome not lo their minds.
Before I close, I. wish to say one word to tho
gentleman from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch, J who
treated this question as if alter all it was what
wo were all sustaining all over the country ;
that concubinage exists in all the great cities
as well as in Utah. 1 see it stated in the pa-
pers from Salt Lake City that harems are main-
tained in Boston, Now York, and elsewhere;
that we have painted Jezebels all over the coun-
try, and that we should exterminate tho evil
in these places before wo attempt to settle this
question in Utah. When wo <«'<)_ so told, my
answer is that 1 can seo a wide dillereneo be-
tween a tiling which hides itself in holes and
corners, and keeps out of sight, defying all law
and decency, but without setting itself up as a
rule to follow, andaoommunitywhich organizes
lechery; that sots up a State iouudod upon it;
that fulminates its decrees iu favor of it j which
makes the law itself speak for polygamy; which
erects this everlasting nastiness in Utah, and
adorns it with the mantle of religion and law.
Ah ! when the gentleman was apologizing for
Delilah, and pitying tho unfortunate youth who
fell under her arts, I thought it was painfully
evident that if the gentleman from Nevada had
fallen in with her himself he would not have
been able to make much headway against
her allurements. [Laughter.] Wo wilt have
to look somewhere else, therefore, for some
one to fight this Delilah. It is not that there
are wrongs, it ia not that there is guiltiness in
the land, but it is that this nastiness of polyg-
amy sets itself up for admiration. These are
the Latter-day Saints. These are the holiest
of the people. This is to hasten the rule of a
church which is to swallow up all others, and
this it proposes to do by establishing this insti-
tution forever. Can we look on it and allow
it to live any longer? I ask gentlemen if they
are ready to apologize in any way for this sys-
tem of polygamy, and to see it so established
in Utah as to give it currency in every part of
the country? It is wrong and ought to oe con-
demned.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to mo
for a moment?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. With tho permission of the honor-
able gentleman from Michigan, I desire to say
this on behalf of myself and others who voted
to lay this bill upon tho table, that it was not
intended as an apology for this abuse, or in
favor of extending it in any regard whatever;
but my voto was based on tho belief that this
bill is propagating polygamy in Utah, as all
such bills have uniformly had that effect when
urged by tho spirit of persecution, t believe
this bill has in it the seeds of civil war or of
some sort of war which will bo expensive and
troublesome, and which will bo by no means an
oxterminative war, so far ns polygamy is con-
cerned. And, therefore, Mr. Speaker, with the
permission of the gentleman from Michigan,
1 bog to say once more that if the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hchknci:"] for
the postponement of this bill had been per-
sisted in, I believe the bill M'ouiil have been
postponed. It would have been suffocated by
the chloroform of postponement. Still 1 be
Hove that tho fuels will show that in the cud a
majority of thin House will not pass this bill.
1 do not propose to take tho responsibility
which, unexplained, would attach to laying tho
bill on tho table. I would strangle polygamy
by another process than the hoflili- persecution
provided iu this measure.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, every gentleman may
uso his own method. I hope he will not strangle
it by embraces.
1 have before me, Mr. Speaker, a brief note
of something occurring in Utah which 1 wish
to refer to as somewhat concerning us. It. is a
little slip, which, 1 suppose, contains a true
statement of what occurred, and is as follows:
".SV'-ftf'-'n/ /Jm'TW.- Ooveninr nrircham Vuini:;, in hU
mcssago to tho' honorable senate unit house of rep-
resentatives of tlio Ktnto of Dcsorot,' congratulatou
thorn that in spite of out umolugioal ravages ttio erop-i
have afforded their population onoushtu oat; that
tho manufacture.-! of I ho Statu are inn'eu-un;-': that
their sellouts aio in a highly pi-u.mhuou.-' condition,
and that 'wo (lh i;;hani, piuhabl.'. ' ale entirely out
of debt.' Uo presumes that thoy will adopt and
sanction tho l:i\vs which have boon enacted by tho
IjeKislativo .Assembly of iho Territory of Utah, tliat
thoy may ho valid in tho Btate of Dcsorut, tho infer-
ence lioiny that the laws aro good for nothhijr othcr-
wiso."
And this 1 learned while I was there, that
Mr. Young, a3 president of the State of Des-
eret, convenes his Legislature regularly ; and
I hat when the Legislature of the Territory of
Utah, which assembles under the authority of
the (lag of the United Stales, adopts laws,
they are of no account until they have been
passed in review by tho Legislature of the State
of Deseret, and that only when reenacted there
do they become the laws of tho Territory and
are carried out. lie has a full statfof officers,
I learn, and declares before tho people of the
country that ho is not bound to obey the laws
of tho United .States, bnt will take "them into
his liltle junta called tho Legislature of tho State
of Reseret, and will reenact them there first.
Mr. IIOOPER, of Utah. I think the gen-
tleman puts a wrong construction upon tho
meaning of the language used in what purports
to bo a message from Governor young. The
State of Deseret was organized some six or
eight years ago, and all tho steps were taken
that were required for a thorough State organ-
ization, the people expecting and firmly believ-
ing that Congress would not hesifafeto extend
to them the constitutional rights and privileges
which they believed wore due to them. That
organization has been kept up from year to
year, but it has exercised no authority in any
manner whatever. It hp,a been simply kept
alive as embodying what the people hoped
would be acceptable to Congress should the
State be admitted. And in presuming that the
State would adopt the laws of the Territory
Mr. Young's meaning simply was that such
laws as had been enacted at the then session
of the territorial Legislature, which had just
expired, might be extended to the State of
Deseret or adopted by them; that thus, if Con-
gress should admit the State this winter, there
might be nothing left loose or open, as it were,
in passing from tho territorial to the State
organization.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, Mr. Speaker, I accept
the gentleman's explanation as far as it goes.
But 1 see no occasion for the reonactmcnt of
tho laws in the State of Deseret merely to keep
up an organization, much les3 to keep up for
six or eight years a full corps of Stale officers,
since there is no State. 1 suspect that this is
only one of tho methods by which Brigham
Young adds to and continues his despotic
authority in Utah, an authority which I trust
Congress is about to overthrow.
[I lore the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. With the permission of tho
gentleman iu charge of the bill, I desire to
have an amendment made. ^ I wish to have tho
bill ho that tho selection of tho jury shall be
under the control of the marshal as regards
iho court, but not to the extent that he can
select a particular juror to try a particular ease.
Therefore, 1 propose that instead of his select-
ing just tho tliirty-nine who are to composc the
grand and two petit juries, ho should select
one hundred men, and that from those one
hundred tho juries should bo drawn. This
would conform more nearly to tho common
practice, and 1 think would commend itself to
the good sense of tho community. If the gen-
tleman who has Iho bill in charge does not
think that this would interfere with his man-
agement of it, I would propose what I have
suggested as an amendment.
Mr. CIILLOM. T am satisfied that tho mem-
bers of tho committee would have no objection
to that amendment. All wo wish is to keep tho
control in tho United States courts.
Mr. DAWKS. 1 move, then, to amend tho
bill by striking out in tho seventh line of the
seventh section the words "thirty-nine " and
inserting "one hundred;" by inserting after
the word "forthwith," iu the fifteenth line, tho
words "drawby lot Irom tho said one hundred
thirty-nine names and; " by striking out in the
seventeenth line tho words " named on " and
inserting tho words ''drawn from," and by
inserting in the twenty-first line tho words
" drawn from " instead of the word *' on ; " so
that that paragraph of section seven will read
as follows:
That at loast twenty days before tho timo of hold-
ing eacii regular term of the district courts of said
Territory, in their respective districts, tho United
States marshal of said Territory, or ono of his depu-
ties, shall, in connection with tho clork of tho district
court for which a term is to bo holden, select from
the body of the people of said district one hundred
good and lawful men having the necessary qualifica-
tions, to serve as jurors, and laako a list, in writing,
of tho names of the persons so selected, and append
thereto a certificato, stating that said persons have
by tliom boon selected to act in the aforesaid capacity,
and sotting forth tho court, district, and term of court
tor which they were selected, which ccrtificato shall
bo signed by tho persons making such selection, and
tiled with said clerk; whoreupon said clerk stall
forthwith draw by lot from the said ono hundred
thirty-nine names, and issue a venire, directed to
said marshal, or his deputy, commanding him to
summon tho fifteen persons first drawn from said list,
to bo and appear in said court on tho first day of the
term theroouto be named in Said veniro) to serve as
grand jurors; also to issuo a like veniro commanding
said marshal, or bis deputy, to summon tho remain-
ing twenty-tout persons drawn from said list to bo
and appear at said term to serve as petit jurors, and
the persons so selected and summoned shall consti-
tute one full grand and two full petit juries.
The amendment was agreed to.
