1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBB.
191
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Allison.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. iCELLEY. I do not desire to interrupt
the gentleman against his wish ; but if he will
give consent I should like to ask a question.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield to the gentleman
for that purpose with pleasure.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman if he knows what have been the ruling
prices of English and American iron for the
last year; and if he does, whether it is not true
that the price of English iron has gone up,
while that of American pig iron has fallen about
$6 within the year? And if that be so—
if the price of foreign iron is tending up and
the price of American iron is tending down,
1 would ask the gentleman to what he would
ascribe the latter fact?
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have not
before me a table of the prices of iron. But
I have no doubt that the prices of iron in
England are advancing. They have advanced
since 1859. And it is true that upon some
articles of iron in this country the price has
been reduced; but not as compared with 1859
or 1860, but as compared with prices of 1SCG
and 1807. As regards pig iron, I intend to
allude hereafter to that article; but I will say
here that it is a fact which was disclosed in
the testimony of the manufacturers of pig iron
that the cost of its production in this country
is less than $29 a ton, including profit made
upon coal and ore. That fact is stated in the
testimony of the constituents of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield J and of the gentle-
men who carry on the manufacture of iron in
Pennsylvania. For my own part I do not be-
lieve that in any part of the country where
pig iron ought to be produced it costs to exceed
a ton, unless it be charcoal iron, which
bears a high price; and yet it is a fact that
pig iron is now selling at prices ranging up to
!p40 a ton, which shows a clear profit to the
producer of certain kinds of pig metal of at
least §15 a ton. I have no doubt the average
of profit is much less; but $5 per ton is ample
profit upon this essential clement in the growth
and development of our industries, and the
average profit is much higher. The average
cost of pig iron in England and Wales is about
$1-1 per ton, as stated by Mr. Colwell in his
report made in 186G.
But I was only seeking now to illustrate the
argument that the cost of manufactured arti-
cles is affected by the tariff. And in confirm-
ation of this statement the Committee on the
Decline of American Commerce have brought
in a bill in which we are asked to pay a bounty
of $15 a ton on each ton of iron used in iron
ship-building.
Mr. PETERS. If the gentleman would
allow me a remark, I would say that I am glad
to hear what he lias said with regard to the
relief of American commerce. But in the
last Congress did the gentleman not always
act and speak against anything having in view
the relief of American commerce, by way of
drawback or otherwise ?
Mr. ALLISON. I will answer the gentle-
man as to this question of drawbacks at the
proper time. 1 do not know that there was
any special occasion on which I voted for or
against the relief of American commerce. But
I will discuss that question hereafter when it
is more directly before the House. And I do
not know, Mr. Chairman, but I may as well
say a word now on that subject if the gentle-
man desires it.
1 regard the bills which have been reported
by the Committee on the Decline of American
Commerce as unjust to the great body of the
people of this country. They propose what?
Not a drawback only, but propose that if
American iron is used in the construction of
ships a bounty shall be paid indirectly to the
American manufacturer equivalent to §15 a
ton.
Now, if a foreign importer were to pay into
the Treasury of the United States $15 a ton,
and a provision were made that for the pur-
pose of relieving the ship-building interest the
ship-builder might be permitted to withdraw
that amount, after using the iron, duty paid,
there might appear to be some justice and
equity in the case. But I ask the gentleman
from Maine whether ho is prepared to vote
money oat of the pockets of his constituents
and mine for the purpose of paying to manu-
facturers of iron $15_a ton upon materials for
ships, whether American or foreign, when we
arc raising a revenue of $393,000,000 per an-
num, or at the rate of $10 per head from every
man, woman, and child in this country? Is
the gentleman ready to take $10 per head from
1,500 of his constituents for the purpose of
placing it in the hands of an American iron-
master, who produces the iron necessary for a
1,000-ton ship? That is the question that
comes before us with reference to the method
by which we are to revive American ship-
ping in this country, as proposed by the com-
mittee.
Mr. PETERS. I would just say, in a single
word, that I would like to see a reduction in
the duty on iron.
Mr. ALLISON. I am very glad to hear my
friend say so. I agree with him. One of these
bills for the relief of American shipping admits
that the American ship-owner cannot navigate
as cheaply as the foreign ship-owner can navi-
gate his ships, and that the disadvantage under
which the American ship-owner labors is caused
by these high duties. And the bill proposes
that to every American-built iron ship that
runs upon the ocean for six successive months
there shall be paid from the Treasury an equiv-
alent of $4 per ton. And for what purpose?
For the purpose of compensating the American
ship-owner for the increased cost of navigating
American ships, as compared with the cost to
foreign ship owners of navigating their ships.
While I am upon the subject of ship-building
I desire to say another thing with reference to
the bounty which the bill proposes to give
American ship-builders. It is not alone a
bounty for the purpose of increasing our for-
eign commerce; it is not alone a bounty for
the purpose of enabling us to compete with the
flags of other nations upon the ocean, but a
bounty to every ship-builder who builds a ves-
sel for the coastwise trade, of which, by the
legislation of Congress, we have a complete,
uncontrolled monopoly. Under our naviga-
tion laws no foreign ship-owner or ship-master
from Eastport, in Maine, to our newly-acquired
possessions in Alaska, can sail a ship, unless
it be one built in the United States and sailing
under the American flag.
Mr. CALKIN. Will the gentleman also
state to the House that it allows a bounty to
the builders of vessels on the waters of the
Mississippi and the western lakes ?
Mr. ALLISON. It of course allows a bounty
to a certain class of vessels, no matter where
they may be built or where they may be run.
But that is not the point I am now making. I
am making the point that the bill gives a bounty
to our American coastwise shipping a3 well as
to foreign shipping.
Mr. CALKIN. I do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman, but I wish him also to empha-
size as clearly that it allows a bounty on ships
built on the lakes and on the waters of the
Mississippi as well as upon those built for the
coastwise trade.
Mr. ALLISON. If the gentleman desires
emphasis upon that point 1 will make it em-
phatic. It allows bounty to the ship-builder
of this country, no matter what trade he may be
engaged in, and it docs it in the face of the
fact that we have now a complete monopoly
of the internal and coastwise shipping of this
country, extending from Eastport, in Maine,
to the territory of Alaska.
Now, whatever I may desire to do with refer-
ence to American commerce and with reference
to our internal commerce, Ij for one, am not
quite ready to vote large bounties out of the
Treasury for this purpose. I agree that some-
thing should be done for the ship-builders and
ship-masters and ship-owners of this country,
and I am ready to aid them, as I shall show
hereafter, by a reduction of duties. But I
do not believe that we are prepared just now
to do what is proposed in the bill alluded to,
and to tax the labor and the products of the
industry of the people for this purpose. This
question, however, will be under discussion
hereafter. I merely refer to it now to illustrate
the point I desire to make, namely, that the
proposed drawback and bounty confesses that
the duty upon iron in this country adds to the
cost of the manufacture of iron, and if it adds
to the cost of manufactured iron to the ship-
builder it adds to the cost of the manufacture
to every other consumer in this country where
ever he may be engaged in production.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman is speaking
of the navigation bill, and not of the tariff bill
now before the House.
Mr. ALLISON. I am speaking of the navi-
gation bills providing drawbacks and bounties;
but my last statement is true of the proposed
tariff bill as well.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
ask the gentleman from Iowa whether he be-
lieves that if all duty were taken off iron iron
would in five years be as cheap in the United
States as it is now?
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, that is a
question of arithmetic, or rather of prophecy.
1 am not here asking that the duty shall be
taken off iron—I made no such proposition ; I
am only saying that the present and proposed
duties are excessive, and I shall endeavor to
establish that fact before 1 conclude my re-
marks.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The gen-
tleman said that the duty added so much to
the price of iron. Then, why does he not ask
to have it taken off?
Mr. ALLISON. I did not even make that
statement. I said that the duties added to the
cost of iron to the extent of $15 per ton ; and
the gentleman's own report confessed it, for
he proposes to give that amount of drawback
or bounty upon each ton of iron in a ship.
Cheap iron is an essential element in the
development and progress of a country, for it
enters into and becomes a part of almost every
industry, whether agricultural, mechanical, or
manufacturing. It is constantly being appro-
priated to new uses in all branches of industry.
Hon. Stephen Colwell, in his report upon iron,
states this in a forcible manner. I quote his
language. He says:
" Our success in applying machinery to industrial
purposes surpasses thatof^all otherpeople and gives
promise of success in our contest with tho cheaper
labor of other parts of the world. If successful our
victory must bo due to machinery, of which iron and
steel must bo chief elements. These metals are not
taxed in tho countries distinguished in any degree
for their progress in productive industry, and whose
production bears most heavily upon our domestic
labor. The taxation of iion, steel, and other metals
is a national subject, and the questions arising upon
it arc of national interest," &c.
That is the statement of an eminent writer
on political economy residing in Pennsylvania
with reference to the policy of taxing iron and
steel.
Agreeing with liim that iron and steel are
essential and necessary elements in the pro-
gress and development of a country, I would
place both in the hands of the skilled artisan
and mechanic as cheaply as possible, taking
due care of the full development of our own
raw material, so abundant in this country,
which I maintain can be easily done with a
greatly reduced tariff.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will yield
