1870.
■THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4037
lars. _ Numerous examples could be given
snowing how all over the country this tax falls
ori labor and activity, while invested capital
escapes. I believe that all or nearly all of this
inequality can be removed by the amendment
•I have offered. With the modification which
I propose this income tax cannot be called un-
just. It will then fall in part upon the bonded
debt of the United States-—upon all bonds which
arc regular investments of capital. The ex-
emptions can be arranged in whatever manner
may bo deemed most equitable. It would
doubtless be proper to arrange the exemptions
in such a way as to relievo, for instance, a widow
or other person dependent solely for support
upon a small investment barely sufficient to
afford by its proceeds a subsistence. By the
last annual report of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue it appears that over nine mil-
lion dollars of this income tax is derived from
corporations.
In this form the tax would bo continued
under the amendment which I propose. From
the returns it is impossible to tell with precis-
ion how ranch of the tax paid by individuals
is derived from the earnings of business and
how much from accumulated capital; but I
have no doubly that this amendment will leave
about one half of the total receipts from in-
come tax untouched, while the other half will
be remitted. With such a modification of the
tax, which it seems to me is a fair compromise
between the extremes of opihion on this ques-
tion, we might let the tax continue. Such at
. least is my view.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move to amend by
striking out section thirty-five, as follows:
Sec. 3.5. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be levied and collected annually a tax of five pol-
ecat. upon the gains, profits, and income of every
person residing in the United States, and of every
citizen of the United States residing abroad, derived
from any source whatever, whether -within or with-
out the United States, except as hereafter provided,
and a like t.ix annually upon tho gains, profits, and
income derived trom any business, trade, or profes-
sion carried on in the United States by any person
residing- without the United States and not acitizen
thereof, or from rents of real estate within the United
States owned by any poison residing without the
United States and not a citiaen thereof.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
That there shall bo levied a tax at the rate of five
per ccnt. per annum nnon the interest of iutcrcst-
bearing bonds, issued or to be issued by the Govern-
ment of the United States, to be deducted and re-
tainedfrom tbc payment of interest upon said bonds,
under regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. Speaker, I offer this amendment as a
substitute for the income tax. It ought to
be acceptable to everybody on this floor who is
opposed to an income tax. I doubt myself the
constitutionality of the income tax. I know it
is offensive and oppressive to the people. 1
would be glad to 'get rid of it, but in point of
fact it is the only way we have now of reaching
the bondholders in our own country and taxing
them at all. I cannot consent to give up this
income tax so long as the bondholders are
otherwise wholly untaxed. One gteat objection
to the income tax is, that while it operates on
the bondholders at home it allows bondholders
to the amount of more than eight hundred mil-
lion dollars abroad to escape taxation entirely.
My proposition is to levy on all these bonds,
without regard to where they are held, whether
at home or abroad, a tax of five per cent, upon
the interest, to be retained by the Secretary of
the Treasury, or those who act under his direc-
tion, either out of the coupons or out of the
semi-annual interests, in whatever form paid.
That will be a substitute for .the income tax,
which I would then sweep away entirely, in
order to relieve the people of the country.
Let me say, Mr. Speaker, that I offer this
amendment oil my responsibility as a member
on this floor, and as one who holds repudiation
in as much detestation as any gentleman upon
this floor. Let no man say in answer to my
amendment that it favors repudiation. There
is not a spark of repudiation in it. The bonds
of the United States -wherever held, whether
abroad or at home, represent so much property
held in the United States and protected by this
Government; property rendered valuable by
our executive, legislative, and judicial depart-
ments, maintained by the people of the United
States, among other things, for this purpose.
That property, on every principle of common
honesty is bound to contribute to the support
of the Government. It is rendered;jtfoj5erty
only by the fact that there is a Government
here to protect it, and whether he be a hative
or foreigner who holds those bonds he is bound
by the laws of reciprocity to contribute to
the support of the Government Hitherto
bondholders have been left entirely free from
the duty of supporting the Government, while
you have come down upon all consumers, and
upon'the humblest and poorest of the people
with taxes of every description. You compel
them to pay taxes,-while the men whose wealth
is counted by millions and who hold our bonds,
which are protected and 'guarded by the Gov-
ernment, are permitted to go entirely free from
taxation. This is an enormous wrong. It has
existed for many years. It has at last attracted
attention, and it is time we should apply the
remedy. This Congress and this particular
House of Representatives owe it to the people
of the country to relieve the people to this
extent.
I hold this House, with all its virtues, is under
the necessity of recommending itself to the
country by some action, either of amnesty,
generosity, or justice, and I think the best
thing the House could do would be to pass an
act of general amnesty.; and the next best
tiling it could do would be to impose a tax
upon the holders of Government bonds. It
would fall upon men who are the best able to
pay taxes, upon men who bought these bonds
cheaply, and who have hitherto escaped tax-
ation. It is a form of property which is fre-
quently taxed. Our States are familiar with
the taxing of corporation bonds as a form of
property, and there is no repudiation in it.
When these bonds were issued and taken by
the bondholders they took them with the full
knowledge that the Government had the right
to lax them. They took tuem subject to the
obligations of all other property to assist m
the support of the Government which protects
properly. Owners of property owe it to Gov-
ernment to pay taxes as a matter of allegiance,
reciprocal to the protection they enjoy. The
legislative power of taxation duly exercised
according to legislative discretion is not repu-
diation nor anything like repudiation.
My amendment, I think, ought to commend
itself to every man who wants to get rid of the
income tax. It is the only way to get rid of it
without material injury to the revenues, while
at the same time it prevents bondholders from
escaping, as heretofore, from the payment of
their just share of taxation for the support of
the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHBNCK. There r;in no com-
plaint. This debate has now i:- ;■ ■ s allowed to
run about long enough. I understand there are
several gentlemen who desire to offer amend-
ments, and I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let us have no more
amendments.
Mr. BECK. I wish to offer an amendment.
Mr. 1-IOLMAN. So do I.
Mr. MAYNAHD. I should like to be heard
on this proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK. I give notice that I^hall
call for a vote, after allowing the debate t'o run
on for fifteen minutes longer.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry, and that is, how many sections of this bill
are under consideration ?
The SPEAKER. From the thirty-fifth to
the forty-third inclusive—all that relate to the
income tax.
Mr. JUDD rose:
Mr, MORGA'N. If my friend from Illinois
Will allow me a few seconds, I'desire to say to
the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr, Ben-
tok] that I find that the State of Ohio paid
$1,587,829 of internal revenue tax laore than
the whole of Hew England.
Mr. JUDD. If gentlemen' will give «ie a
lew moments' attention, with the bill .in their
hands, I will try to show what- will- be: the
effect of the amendments I have offered. As
I offered it in the time of the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Him.] I had not sufficient
opportunity then to explain it. I do not know
that the short time allowed me now will bo suf-
ficient, but with the bill before gentlemen my
want of completeness in my statement can
be supplied by their own examination. The
thirty-sixth section commences as follows:
" In estimating the gains, profits, and income
of any person," and the section continues to
enumerate the sources from which income to
be taxed under it may be derived. That sec-
tion provides, first, that the tax shall be levied
upon income derived from rents, interest-
notes, all kinds of bonds, mortgages, securi-
ties, and all income from like sources, being,
as I termed it on presenting these amend-
ments, "invested capital." It provides, sec-
ondly, that it shall he levied upon the gains,
profits, and income derived from any business,
profession, trade, &c., and upon all salaries.
It provides, thirdly, that the tax shall be letded
upon-profits of incorporated companies, and
realized from the sales of real estate purchased
within two years. And it provides, fourthly,
that the tax shall be levied ou the amount of
the sales of the produce of all farms—live
stock, sugar, wool, everything that the farmer
sells. I do not pretend to quote ihe exact lan-
guage, and only give a general synopsis, and
wishing ifot to be understood as saying that
there are no exemptions.
I have thus stated what are the four elements
of property which are to bo estimated in levy-
ing this tax. The amendment which I have
offered leaves in the bill, subject to tax, bonds,
notes, mortgages, securities, rents, and all that
class of property. J then propose to strike out
all that relates to income derived from wages,
earnings, salaries, and business and trade.
Profits derived by corporations from their
business, and all income derived from specu-
lations in real estate, are not interfered with by
my amendment. And the amendment stiikes
out all relating to income derived from sales
of produce, the product of a man's own farm.
Taking the whole amendment together, if it
should be adopted, it would leave the tax to
be levied upon the invested realized capital of
the country, and not upon the daily gains of its
productive industry. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to the
thirty-fifth section should be adopted in order
to the completeness of the provisions. My
conviction is that in levying a tax upon tho
business of the country and upon the products
of the country which are not capital we are not
reaching the property of the country. As
shown by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[_ Mr. Kelley,] the revenues of the country for
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1870, will be
$420,000,000. The Secretary of the Treasury
estimates he will have $102,000,000 surplus
next year. It is very generally believed that
it will exceed that amount. This taxation
should be cut down freely. Such action is in
the interest of a generous people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I offer an
amendment, which I send to the desk to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In section thirty-seven, strike out between lines
six and twelve, the following words:
Only one deduction of 81,500 shall be made from
the aggregate income of all the members of any iam-
ily composed of one or both parents ana one or moro
minor children, or of husband and wite; but when a
wife has by Jaw a separate income, beyond tne con-
