2150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Mr. DAWES. Lest I might seem by my
remarks to be in antagonism with the Com-
mittee on the Territories on this bill, I will
say that with these amendments, and perhaps
some other verbal ones in other parts of the
bill, I shall have great pleasure in giving it my
support. I coneeur in all that the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Blair] has said in refer-
ence to the necessity of this bill. But I would
like to have some features of it so modified that
no one can seize upon them to bring the law
into odium, which they would certainly do, I
am afraid, if some features of it are not changed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 133) to incorporate the Wash-
ington General Hospital and Asylum of the
District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 234) relating to acknowledg-
ments of deeds or other instruments of writing
in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 388) to renew and continue
in force the charter of the Potomac Insurance
Company of Georgetown, District of Colum-
bia ;
An act (S. No. 425) to extend the time for
the completion of the lateral branch of the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad, authorized
by the act approved February 5, 18G7, andvto
change the location in the city of Washington
along the banks of the canal;
An act (S. No. 430) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Mail Steamboat Company;
An act (S. No. 441) prescribing the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury in certain cases
therein named ;
An act (H. R. No. 1490) for the relief of
William Mont Storm ;
An act (H. li. No. 1138) amendatory of the
charter of the Mutual Fire insurance Company
of the District of Columbia ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1489) to enable John
Thompson, executor of Thomas Thompson,
deceased, to make application for the exten-
sion of letters-patent for an improved machine
for folding papers.
LEAVE 01' ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Jexckes for one week.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Speaker, I should
have preferred to maintain my accustomed
silence, rather than engage in debate upon
this bill, had there not been what have seemed
to me to be very unjust strictures made upon
the Territorial Committee and the measure
before the House, both inside and outside of
this Hall, which seem to make it incumbent
upon me as one of the committee to say a few
words in its defense. Having full confidence
in the recognized ability of the honorable
chairman of the committee and his associates,
who were experienced members of this body,
1 felt ii necessary to give but little attention
to the details of the bill while under consider-
ation in the committee-room, believing as I
did that its general objects and provisions were
so in harmony with the highest moral and
political sentiments of the nation and the best
judgment of this House that its passage would
encounter no serious opposition, and any im-
perfection in its details could be readily cor-
rected by amendments upon this floor. I had
not then learned that when the Chicago con-
vention declared polygamy one of the twin
relics of barbarism that body only intended to
utter a "taking phrase" with a "resonant
sound;" and 1 did not suppose that those
earnest men who enunciated those magic words
which awoke the slumbering consciousness of
a great people, and filled these Chambers with
unprecedented majorities as the supposed Rep-
resentatives of these deep and inspiring con-
victions, were engaged in the childish pastime
of playing upon words, or performing political
legerdemain for the deception of the nation ;
but I do know that these "resonant sounds "
crystallized into deeds of sacrifice and valor,
that wrenched as with the resistless power of
a destroying angel one of these relics from its
strong and demoralizing grasp upon the strug-
gling energies of a liberty-loving people, and
will yet purge our councils and our Territories
of the subtle apologists and lawless adherents
of the other.
The character of the opposition to this bill
does not surprise me so much as that there
should have been any serious effort made to
defeat its passage. No one dares to openly
advocate the evils and wrongs which the bill
is intended to correct; such a position would
not only be absurd and indefensible, but would
outrage the purest social and political instincts
of the whole people. It is not denied but that
this bill, if it should become a law, would
accomplish the purposes for which it is drawn ;
the strongest reasons urged against its passage
admit the full efficacy of the bill. But it is
opposed by covert and ill-concealed apologies
for polygamy; by denials of Mormon outrages
and usurpations of power; by attacks upon
some of its most unimportant and amendable
provisions; by unwarranted assumptions of its
disastrous results in precipitating war and
wasting the public moneys; by attacks upon
the character of the committee, and by consti-
tutional objections of grave gentlemen who
seem impressed with the responsible thought
that the safety of the nation is suspended upon
the constant supervisory exercise of their pro-
found legal acumen. What a leap forward
mankind would take toward the possession of
infinite knowledge if some men's wisdom was
commensurate with their vanity, and their vast
number of words was the correct measure of
their intellectual stature I
I wish for a short time to direct the attention
of the House to the speech of the gentleman
from Nevada, which seemed at the time to
command the attention and approval of many
gentlemen on this floor—a speech as remark-
able for its incongruities, its self-contradiction
and disregard of facts, as for the musical chime
of its sentences and its disingenous treatment
of the great social, moral, and political ques-
tions which this discussion involves. If the gen-
tleman had not told us, before concluding liis
speech, that ho regarded polygamy as an evil to
be discouraged, and a violation of law which
should be, if possible, prevented, wo certainly
should not have concluded from the general
character of his remarks that he regarded it
as anything worse, to use his own language,
than a religious megrim, that is, a mere whim
or fancy ; "something," as the gentleman says,
"that is bad enough, but offers no challenge
except to the educated sentiments of a people,"
being only a "peculiar religious view," held
by the "most practical people on earth" who
have "made social science a study a some-
thing which he felicitously says "interferes at
least with the tastes and prejudices rather than
the interests of mankind." I trust, inviewof
the foregoing quotations from the gentleman's
speech, I shall he pardoned for saying that I
cannot but regard that mind as strangely con-
stituted that would treat a mere whim or fancy,
about which there is only a difference of taste,
and which has worked out unparalleled bene-
fits to society in social life, as an evil that should
be if possible prevented.
The gentleman says these people are '' thrifty,
industrious, and temperate," and he also tells
us that the "tree of degraded sensuality does
not bear the fruits of thrift, industry, and tem-
perance." This language would force us to
the conclusion that these people are not a sen-
sual people, and proves further that inasmuch
as good fruit cannot grow upon an evil tree, so
the fruits of Mormon polygamy being thrift,
industry, and temperance, the whole system
must of itself be good. Had not the gentle-
man elsewhere told us that the "destruction
of polygamy was a wise and laudable purpose"
we should have been fully justified by the above
language in supposing that he regarded it as
an institution that should be protected and
extended.
The gentleman's comments upon the bill
under consideration are, to use his own lan-
guage, as "ill-considered" as those before
quoted relating to the moral and social tend-
ency of the Mormon faith. In his opening
remarks he says if this bill were rigidly en-
forced, that "it would put an end to polygamy
in Utah is intrinsically probable;" but before
concluding his speech he says " this bill is as
inoperative as ill-considered, as worthless for
all practical purposes in detail as it is generally
unwise and premature." How it can be in-
trinsically probable that a bill rigidly enforced
will accomplish the purposes for which it was
enacted and still he inoperative for all practical
purposes will, I think, be difficult of explana-
tion, even with all the rhythmical prolixity of
the gentleman from Nevada.
The gentleman also tells us that polygamy
"makes no interference with the controlling
power. It assails no human rights and assaults
no human privilege." If this is true, why are
we told by the same authority that "it is a
violation of law that should be if possible pre-
vented ?'' And why, if no human rights or privi-
leges are assailed, does he refuse to apologize
for the unlawful acts of these people? It is
not the part of wise legislators to attempt to
ignore the truth that Mormonism is the same
system to-day that it was when, in Missouri,
human rights were forced to seek the protec-
tion of the State against its violent and unlaw-
ful assaults, or when, in Illinois, its assumption
of civil power and disregard of private rights
aroused for its expulsion from their midst the
armed vengeance of an indignant people.
Its absolute control of the Territory where
it exists, and isolation from antagonizing com-
munities, have prevented the repetition of the
most flagrant outrages perpetrated in Missouri
and Illinois; but who is there that does not
know that the act of Congress of 1862 is openly
disregarded and defied; that the Mormon
church is supreme in Utah, and that opposi-
tion to Mormon ideas subjects the offenders
to the dangers at least of assassination, and
the Government of the United States is with-
out power to bring the offenders to punish-
ment?
The possession and jurisdiction of Govern-
ment land are usurped by Mormon leaders.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. In what way have
the Mormons ever usurped the possession or
disposition of the public lands? I would like
the gentleman to say in what way the Mormon
people have in a single instance usurped the
possession of the public lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I answer the gentleman
by saying that there was evidence before the
committee showing that Brigham Young has
exercised usurped authority over lands, the
property of the United States, and settlers who
have gone there to settle have been driven off
by force, and at the risk of their lives have
attempted settlement.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I have been a
resident of Utah Territory for twenty years,
and I never heard of such a thing.
Mr. WARD. How about the murder of Dr.
Robinson?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Dr. Rob-
inson was killed in Utah, and a more cowardly
and dastardly murder was never committed
anywhere on earth.
Mr. WARD. Was he not killed because he
asserted a claim to the possession of land?
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. That is not the
case. It has been said that Dr. Robinson was
killed because he was trying to establish a Sab-
bath-school. That is not the fact either. It
is known that he was connected with a ten-pin
alley, a bowling saloon, in Salt Lake City, and
that he was concerned in jumping claims in the
