192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 24,
Ho. oi? Reps.
The Tariff—Mr, Allison.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
to roe for a moment I would like to ask him a
question.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well.
Mr. KELLEY- I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether the quotation he has made was
not applicable to the internal revenue tax, and
whether the drift of Mr. Colwell's argument
was not that the way to obtain cheap iron was
to protect our manufactures and to develop
our infinite beds of coal and iron ?
Mr. ALLISON. On the contrary, Mr. Col-
well ia speaking of the effect of a tax. It is
true he was discussing the question of the re-
moval of the internal tax upon iron, but lie is
showing here that any tax upon materials is a
tax upon industry, and he demonstrates most
clearly that if these articles are taxed that tax
is a burden, no matter what the form of it.
Mr. KELLEY. But he also assumes, and
he demonstrates the fact, that a protective duty
is not a tax.
Mr. ALLISON. He mayassume that some-
where else; I presume he does. But I have
shown that it is a tax, and therefore a burden
to that extent.
Upon this same point I have before me a
letter written in 18G5 by Mr. D. J. Morrell,
then superintendent of the Cambria Iron Works,
and now a member of this House, and who, I
am glad to see, now honors me with his atten-
tion, in which he shows the indirect tax paid
by labor on a ton of iron rails, upon the
articles consumed by the laborer and taxed,
showing that upon an aggregate value of $50
of the laborer's purchases the tax amounts to
$5 83 ; and he names the various articles and
the tax upon them. Some of these taxes were
internal revenue taxes : others taxes upon
imported articles.
i\lr. MOUliELL, of Pennsylvania. Had not
the gentleman better read the letter?
Mr. ALLISON. 1 cannot stop to read it
now; it is too Jong and too good. Some of the
articles enumerated will bo interesting to my
friend from Wisconsin; among them are sugar,
tea, coffee, calicoes, ginghams, satinets, cloth-
ing, kc.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman go witli me to take off the duties
from tea and coffee?
Mr. ALLISON. I will tell the gentleman
what I am in l'avor of doing before 1 finish my
remarks.
I have stated that tho total taxation for the
present year, under the existing laws, amounts
to $393,000,000. Wo expect to reduce this
about §50,000,000; and all agree that from
$150,000,000 to $100,000,000 ot the sum raised
should be raised by means of duties upon arti-
cles imported. The act of 1802, authorizing a
loan, pledges the duties upon imports, first,
lor tho payment of interest on the public debt;
and secondly, for tho payment of 1 per cent,
per annum of the principal. The annual in-
terest is $125,000,000; and the sinking fund
that is required $25,000,000; so that good faith
requires at least $150,000,000 from imposts.
The practical question is, how shall these duties
be proportioned among the various articles
imported so as to take out of the pockets of
the people the least possible sum over and
above the amount actually placed in the national
Treasury, meanwhile discriminating in favor of
articles of necessary consumption, and against
articles of voluntary consumption, commonly
denominated luxuries?
Impost duties thus levied, with an -annual
importation of about §450,000,000 ia value,
will certainly require an average rate of duty
sufficient to give our producers of manufac-
tured products greatly the advantage over the
manufacturers of similar products in foreign
countries.
It is claimed that the high rates ot our pres-
ent tariff are necessary because the revenue to
be obtained therefrom is essential to the Gov-
ernment, and that if we reduce the rates at all
the effect will be the depression of all the indus-
trial interests of the country. The tariff of
1846, although confessedly and professedly a
tariff for revenue, was, so far as regards all the
great. interests of the country, as perfect a
tariff as any that we have ever had. If any in-
terest was depressed under the tariff of 1846 it
was the iron interest. I do not believe that this
interest, as compared with other interests, had
sufficient advantage under that tariff; yet when
we compare the growth of the country from
1840 to 1850 with the growth of the country
from 1850 to 1860, the latter decade being en-
tirely under the tariff of 1846 or the amended
and greatly reduced tariff of 1857, we find that
the increase in our wealth between 1850 and
I860 was equivalent to 126 per cent., while it
was only 64 per cent, between 1840 and 1850,
four years of which decade were under the
tariff of 1842, known as a high protective tariff,
but the average rate of which was about 70
per cent, below the existing rate, or 27 per
cent, under the tariff of 1842 as against 44
per cent, upon all importations under the pres-
ent tariff. Our industries were generally pros-
perous in I860, with the exception, possibly, of
the iron industry. This was the statement of
Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, on this floor during
the discussions of the tariff in 1864.
With regard to the condition of the steel in-
dustry in 1800 the steel manufacturers in 1866,
memorializing Congress for increase of duties
on steel, stated that—
"It was reserved to Pittsburg to bring about the
firstsnbstantial end enduring success in thoyearlSGO;
and cncouraged by our example numerous establish-
ments have sprung into existence, as already indi-
cated in this paper."
This shows that under the revenue tariff of
1857, which imposed only an ad valorem, duty
of 12 per cent, on steel, a substantial success
was achieved in the steel manufacture in 1860.
I have read tho language of the memorial.
GROWTH OP THE PRESENT TARIFF.
I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee to the growth of the present tariff. In 1801,
at the close of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, the
policy of the Government was changed by the
passage of what was called the Morrill tariff;
a tariff prepared in the interest of protection,
and distinguished from tho tariff of 1846 and
of 1857 by the imposition of heavy duties upon
articles manufactured in this country, and by
admitting free of duty many raw materials used
in such manufactures. This tariff was mod-
ified twice during the year 1801, for the pur-
pose of increasing the revenue, but upon lead-
ing articles remained substantially the same
until July 14, 1862, when a thorough revision
of the tariff of 1801 was made. By this revis-
ion tho tariff was increased generally to com-
pensate for the internal revenue tax, and upon
a fetv articles for the purpose of increasing the
revenue. Mr. Stevens, in debate, said that the
principle adopted was tho one that was men-
tioned when the tax bill was under considera-
tion, namely, that the additional duty was fixed
as nearly as possible at the same rate as tax-
ation, except in a few cases, where necessary
to correct errors in the present tariff.
Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, added that in
some cases a larger increase was made in arti-
cles not manufactured in this country for the
sole purpose of increasing the revenue. The
bill was generally supported by Republicans
on the ground that it was a duty compensating
for the tax placed upon the manufacturers of
the United States.
Mr. Shellabarger, then a member from Ohio,
rose in his place and asked Mr. Morrill if
there was any increase of duty over and above
the tariff of 1861, save and except the com-
pensating duty made necessary by the internal
tax? Mr. Morrill said in reply that "there
was no increase except for that purpose, or
for the purpose of revenue upon articles not
produced in this country."
The tax bill then passed imposed an inter-
nal revenue tax of 3 per cent, upon all pro-
ducts of domestic manufacture, except certain
specified articles, such as iron, steel, salt, &c.,
upon which a specific tax was imposed, sup-
posed to be equivalent to the 8 per cent. tax.
In 1864, at the long session of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, this internal revenue tax
was further increased to 5 per cent, upon all
domestic manufactures for the purpose of in-
creasing the revenue and to meet the pressing
exigencies of the Government at that time.
At the same session another tariff bill was
reported to the House by Mr. Morrill in-
creasing the duties upon all imported articles.
In his synopsis of the conference report, which
preceded the adoption of that tariff, Mr. Mor-
rill gave as a reason for this large increase
that under the tax law passed that same ses-
sion every manufactured article in this coun-
try had been heavily taxed, and manufacturers
and the great body of the people subjected to
other revenue taxation.
In reply to Mr. Wood, of New York, Mr.
Morrill added, that the increase of duties
under the tariff of 1864 was in consequence of
the internal revenue bill, and in some instances
beyond that, solely for the increase of revenue,
and that a tax equivalent to the internal rev-
enue duties had been placed upon imported
goods. In regard to iron, Mr. Morrill said:
"In adjusting the tariff on iron the principle
been to giro an increase upon the tariff of 1S61 equal
to tho internal duties. In some special descriptions
the iignros go slightly beyond this point, as ia tho
ease of thin hoop and band iron, and also in very
small or very largo sizes of iron."
At the close of his speech Mr. Moniur.i.
made this pledge:
" This is intended as a war measure; a temporary
measure, and wo must give it our support os such."
Again he speaks of it as
" a war measuro, imposed by the necessities of the
Government, the scarcity oflabovers, and the enorm-
ous direct taxation."
The internal revenue tax upon manufactures
was further increased by the act of March, 1865,
20 per cent., or one fifth; so that in 1865 it
amounted to 6 per cent, on all domestic man-
ufactured products. The total of this domestic
tax amounted in the fiscal year 1865-06 to
tho enormous sum of §810,000,000, and upon
manufactured goods alone to the sum of
$128,226,784.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means proposes to speak
at some length, and in order that he may feel at
ease, I now ask unanimous consent that he shall
not be limited to an hour. I make that sug-
gestion now as the time approaches for taking
a recess.
There was no objection, and Mr. Allison's
time was extended as suggested.
Mr. ALLISON. I thank the Chair and the
committee for this courtesy. I was speak-
ing of the heavy internal taxes by the several
acts alluded to. It may be well to ascertain
their extent as applied to leading articles, as,
for example, iron. I refer again to the letter
of Mr. Morrell, of Pennsylvania. In this
letter Mr. Morrell gives us a table showing
the direct tax paid upon a ton of rails, the
aggregate of which amounted to $8 40. Mr.
Colwell, in his report in I860, shows that
the direct tax upon a ton of bar-iron amounted
to $8 04. These taxes do not include the
indirect tax paid by laborers upon articles con-
sumed by them, most of which were also heav-
ily taxed. The direct tax upon a ton of steel
was $15, in addition to the tax upon iron
entering into its manufacture, amounting to
$7 per ton, as shown by the memorial of steel
manufacturers presented to Congress in 1860.
They further state that the indirect tax upon
a ton of steel amounted to $23.
[Here the committee took a recess.]
