4038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
trol of her husband, and is living separate and apart
from him, such deduction shall then be made from
her income, gains, and profits.
And from line thirteen to line seventeen, strike
out all after the word "beneficiary" in the following
clause:
And guardians and trustees shall be allowed to
make the deduction in favor of each ward or benefi-
ciary, except that in case of two or more wards or
beneficiaries comprised in one family, having joint
property interest, only one deduction shall be made
m their favor.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, it seems to me that one of the most
odious features in this bill is that which re-
quires the parent, the head of the family, to
return as part of his own income what his son
or other member of the family earns by wages
or as a salary. A father may be a man of mod-
erate means, may have no invested capital,
may have to rely entirely upon his own brain
or the labor of his own hands for subsistence,
and may not be able to earn an amount up to
the sum exempted. Yet if he is so fortunate
as to have one, two, or three children, able to
earn $300, $400, or $500 each, he has to put
this in as part of his own gain or profit, pro-
vided that son or child is a member of his fam-
ily, even though he gives it all to the one earn-
ing it. I say there is no justice, common sense,
or reason in this provision. The rule should
be that if a man earns less than $1,500 he
should be exempt, and if he has a son who
earns ยง1,500, let the son pay the tax.
Further, by the law as it stands and by the
proposed bill the incomes of married women
and their husbands are aggregated together,
and only one exemption is made. Now, it is
known that by the laws of many of the States
of this Union the income of a married woman
derived from her own separate property is
looked upon as her own separate property,
free of all control or responsibility on the part
of'her husband. So far, therefore, as die income
from the separate property of married women
is concerned, I say that a separate exemption
should be reckoned. There is a provision here
that where a difficulty exists between a man
and his wife, and they live apart, then he shall
have the benefit of that fact; but I think all
of this should be stricken out. I now yield to
my colleague, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. I offer the following amend-
ment:
On page 80, lino thirty-eight, insert beforo the
word ' assistant" the words "collector,deputy col-
lector, assessor, or;" and on page 81. line forty, in-
sert after the word "except" tho words "such gon-
eral statistics, not specifying tho names of iudivid-
iils or firms, as he may make public;" so that tho
proviso will read:
Provided, That no collector, deputy collector
assessor, or assistant assessor shall pcrmitto be pub-
lished iu any manner such income returns, or any
part thereof, except such general statistics, not spe-
cifying the names of individuals or firms, as he may
make public under such rules and regulations as
tho Commissioner of Internal Itevonue shall pro-
scribe.
The object of that amendment is to prohibit
under any circumstances the publication of
the list of incomes, allowing, however, gen-
eral statistics not specifying the names of par-
ties to be published. I understand that amend-
ment to be satisfactory to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr.SCIIENCK. Yes; I hope that amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend section thirty-
seven by striking out in line twenty the word
"ten" and inserting "eight;" and also in line
twenty-two, by striking out" ten " and inserting
"eight." I offer that amendment in behalf of
those religious societies known as Shakers.
They are now taxed as though they were all one
family. The committee propose that ten shall
be regarded as a family. Now the average
nze of families in the United States is only
five, and I think that eight, or in fact seven,
or even five, would be nearer doing justice
than ten ; but I do not care about moving to
make it lower than eight. I only wish to say
in their behalf that there is no danger of their
ever spreading to any great extgut. In my
district they are educating one hundred and
fifty orphan children free of charge. They are
really a charitable society, and if taxed at all
they ought at least to have the same privileges
as all others. I now yield the balance of my
time to the gentleman from. Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I only desire to say that I
hope the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] will prevail. The Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, during the early
days of the law, fixed upon five as the size of
a family as applied to these religious societies
in analogy to the rule that obtains under the
census, which reveals the fact that five is about
the size of a family in general society; but the
committee have put it at ten. I do not see
any reason why it should be ten; and if it can-
not be reduced to five, according to the analo-
gies of the natural family, I hope it will be put
at eight, in accordance with' the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Before taking my seat I will move, however, to
amend his amendment by striking out " eight1'
and inserting "five."
Mr. ROOTS. Mr. Speaker, I am very well
aware that there are objections to this tax, and
that men say it is unjust. If there were to be
no taxes imposed excepting such as were made
by laws passed by unanimous consent I do not
think that this country would ever be tax-
ridden at all. All will admit that there must
be some taxation, at least to meet the interest
on the public debt and to pay the current ex-
penditures of the Government. The onty ques-
tion, then, that arises is what kind of taxes shall
we levy. Every one will admit that the neces-
sary taxes should be so levied as to bear with
the most equal and exact justice to all, and
such 1 certainly think is the income tax. I
agree with gentlemen that the demand of the
people should be heard. I try to hear and try
to heed it. Voxpopuli, vox Dei is my motto ;
but it is my most positive opinion that the
demand of the people is that rich men who are
accumulating wealth rapidly should continue
to pay an income tax.
Now, gentlemen tell us that newspapers
clamor for the abolition of this tax. What
newspapers? Not those which are struggling
for existence, but only those rich* pampered
institutions that have such an immense income
that they feel and begrudge the small per cent,
of money going out of their enormous profits
to support the Government, and therefore'they
do not want the tax. I have not seen one sin-
gle country paper, nor l^ave I heard of a single
man in the country who^ income is not taxed
who does not think this a most excellent, just,
and wise tax. It makes all the difference in
the world from what stand-point you look at
the question. Those of us who stand before
the Sergeant-at-Arms' desk and pay over $200
are very apt to look at this tax somewhat dif-
ferently from the men who see us pay it over,
and derive their share of the benefit which the
Government receives from the tax, but do not
have to pay any portion of it themselves. I
know that a tax is very mueli like the boil that
a mar. had on his nose. He complained of its
being there very much, and his friend asked
him, " Where else would you like to have it?"
He thought of the matter for awhile, and then
answered, "Well, I swon, I believe I would
rather have it on some other man's back."
[Laughter.] Now, that is always the waj'. We
would always rather have a tax on another
man's back. Now, I will admit that many
members of Congress pay out of their salary
the $200 income tax, when during that very
time their losses far exceed their income; but
let me ask gentlemen how they can go home
to their constituents and tell them, " We took
off a tax of $200 from ourselves, while we
have permitted taxes to remain levied on many
of the necessaries of life?"
It is unnecessary to recapitulate figures and
statistics upon this subject, for they have been
furnished by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and by others. We all
understand that here is a tax, being a source
of $25,000,000 revenue to the Government,
paid by the persons who have just accumulated
more than twenty times the amount they pay.
It falls not upon the rich or the poor as a class,
but upon all those who are accumulating riches.
Our State and county taxes generally boar
most heavily upon the farmers and the agricul-
tural interests. There lies the land, a tangible
object which cannot be hidden in the back bu-
reau drawer, and the local assessor never fails
to assess it and assess it high enough. And,
sirs, it is right, it is a simple act of justice, to
have some taxes which do not fall most heavily
on the agricultural communities. Yet even
under this tax they enjoy no especial exemption.
Not at all; not at all. If the farm is worth
$10,000 more this year than it was last, or if
by any other means the farmer makes so many
thousand dollars, he has the income tax to pay.
And, sirs, you will find that he does it .will-
ingly and promptly, not deceiving the authori-
ties nor begrudging the small portion he gives
to the Government of his accumulations and
net gains.
I admit, Mr. Speaker, I should like to see
this tax paid without the annoyance of any
assessments. .Would it in my opinion be more
just, I should like to see every borrower in
paying his interest to the lender pay a certain
amount thereof to the Government; every rail-
road, insurance, or other company in paying
dividends pay a portion first to the Govern-
ment. But all that would not cover some cases
which are now very properly covered by the
income tax. Under such an arrangement a man
could invest in merchandise or in a thousand
other transactions, and make millions of money
without paying any per cent, of his accumula-
tions. Ah, but this tax is inquisitorial. Well,
now, that is an ugly, awful word. But even that
does not scare me. Sirs, there is not a man
who chants on the inquisitorial provisions of
this tax who does not know that four fifths of the
States have tax assessments under their State
laws equally inquisitorial. 1 cannot stop to
discuss that.
We have been told that our debt is dimin-
ishing too fast. But, sirs, the rapid diminution
of our debt brings no phantom of fright to me.
I naturally abhor debt. And while I would do
all and everything in my power to lift the bur-
dens from the overtaxed people, I certainly
could not consent to do away with a tax on
accumulations for fear the debt would be extin-
guished too soon. We have been threatened
with the dire vengeance of the income tax-pay-
ers; told that though they were few they were
mighty; and as only about three hundred thou-
sand slave-holders, in their wealth and arro-
gance, once ruled this whole nation, so will the
few hundred thousand of these income tax-
payers make their power felt. Is anybody
frightened? If so, where is the man, if such
a one can be called a man ? Our whole country
is awake, the whole people are daily growing
more intelligent, and the masses cannot be
deceived ; they are daily becoming more con-
versant with what is being done. And it 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ITOLMAN. Ioffer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of section thirty-
five :
And a tax of ten per cent, per annum on tho in-
come accruing from the interest on the bonds, notes,
and other securities of the United States, tho same
to be deducted and withheld from such interest at
the time of the payment thereof by the Treasurer
of the United States.
The amendment submitted by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] proposes
to substitute a tax of five per cent, on the in-
terest from Government bonds in lieu of the
entire income tax. I do not concur in that
proposition. While internal taxation remains
imperative I believe that that tax which is paid
on incomes is subject to less objection than any
