1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4988
Mr. SCHURZ. No; I beg your pardon.
I have got two statements here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We had the
statement of the fact as it was by the books of
the custom-house at New York, showing that
whether the article was imported from one
place or another these undervaluations did
exist, and the statements embraced a far wider
range than the facts upon which the Senator
from Missouri is arguing.
Mr. SCHURZ. X have got two statements,
which agree perfectly on that point, from dif-
ferent sources, and which show that the aver-
age rate as now proposed is far above the
present rates.
Mr. ANTHONY. The remarks made by the
Senator from Vermont and by my colleague
leave me nothingto say on tliissubjeet, although
I had prepared some statements upon it; but
they are all in confirmation of what has been
said. This is a change which is in the interest
of every honest man, whether importer, man-
ufacturer, or consumer. It is a perfectly well
established fact, known to every member of
the Finance Committee, that there have been
more undervaluations, more frauds on the rev-
enue in this article than almost any other arti-
cle of the same amount of importation. The
entire importation of this article into this coun-
try is introduced at from thirty-three to fifty
per cent, under its value. This amendment
merely changes the duty from an ad valorem
to a specific form. It does not give the man-
ufacturers of this article the protection which
they ask, and which they ought to have. It is
an exceedingly interesting manufacture. It
has been introduced into this country lately.
It has had very hard struggles for existence,
and it is now going on at a positive loss, only
because it is found impossible to collect the
duty in the New York custom house which the
Government imposes upon the article. This
amendment will prevent these frauds, but it
does not raise the duty scarcely at all; I do
not know that it does it at all. I should like
very much to see an additional duty. I should
like to see a duty of forty-live instead of forty
cents; but in the temper of the Senate 1 do
not propose to ask for anything except for such
legislation as will collect the duty that is im-
posed by law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,, (Mr. Nye in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Committee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty,
noes not counted.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was on page 98, after line two hun-
dred and nineteen, to insert the following :
On hair cloth known as crinoline cloth, and on all
other manufactures of hair not otherwise provided
for, thirty per cent. "A valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 93, after
Hue two hundred and twenty-two, to insert
the following :
On hair-pins made of iron wire, fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 98, after
line two hundred and twenty-four, to insert
the following:
On aniline dyes and colois, by whitever name
known, fifty cents per pound and thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 98, after
line two hundred and twenty-six, to insert the
following:
On buttons and on ornaments for dresses and out-
side garments made of silk, or of which silk is the
component material of chief value, and containing
no wool, wor&ted, or goat's hair, fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 99, after line
two hundred and thirty, to insert the following :
On silicate of soda, or other alkaline silicates, half
a cent per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 99, after
line two hundred and thirty-two, to insert the
following:
On sporting gun-wads of all descriptions, thirty-
five per ceafc, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to..
The next amendment was on page 99, after
line two hundred and thirty-four, to strike out
the following clauses^
On nickel, forty cents per pound.
On alloy of nickel with copper and onnickel oxide,
thirty cents per pound.
On nickel-matte or speiss, twenty cents per pound.
On ores of nickel, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On albata or white metal, argentine, German sil-
ver, and the like mixed metals, and on aluminium
and its alloys, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On manufactures or articles of nickel, albata, or
white metal, argentine, German silver, and the like
mixed metals, and of aluminium and its alloys, forty-
five per cent, ad valoi em.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to move to insert in place of
the words stricken out the following:
On nickel, twenty-five cents per pound.
On nickel oxide and alloy of nickel with copper,
fifteen cents per pound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The ques-
tion is on striking out this clause and inserting
what is proposed by the chairman of the com-
mittee.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my colleague tell
me what will be the effect of that on the pres-
ent duty? Will it increase it or diminish it?
Mr. SHERMAN. The present duty is fifteen
cents per pound.
.Mr. BAYARD. Fifteen per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well that is about the
same, for nickel is worth about a dollar a
pound. This duLy of twenty-five cents will be
an increase upon the present rate of duty.
The Committee on Finance had previously
stricken out all the provisions about nickel,
and thought the rates were entirely too- high ;
but they have since given the matter careful
and patient examination, and they are satisfied
that the rate of duty at twenty five cents a
pound is very low, lower than on any other
metal; I think mueh lower than on any other
metal.
Mr. SCOTT. We should like very much to
hear in this portion of the Senate Chamber
what is passing between the two Senators from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania represents the parties who are inter-
ested in nickel. It is produced mainly in one
mine in Missouri and one in Pennsylvania.
The committee, alter patient examination,
thought that twenty five cents was as low a
duty on nickel as would be fair to the Amer-
ican producer and to the foreign producer.
We import a good deal of this article, and we
have but these two mines in this country. One j
gentleman is the owner of the mine, I think, in
Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, and then there |
is the La Motte mine, in Missouri. The duty j
that we have fixed is much below what they j
desire, but, we thought it was about fair.
Mr. THDRMAN. I am very glad the com-
mittee recommend striking out these provis-
ions in the House bill ; but I am not entirely
satisfied that the amendment offered by the
chairman is not still for too high a duty. It
may be that I overlook it, but I do not dis-
cover in the table before me that there was any
importation of nickel in 18C9 at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes ; there was a very
large importation.
Mr. THURMAN. In looking over this table
I do not find it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on striking out this clause, and inserting
what is proposed by the chairman ol the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT. As the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thomas] questions the propriety of this
amendment offered by the committee, I desire
to say a word or two in reference to the amend-
ment. This interest asks for a much higher
rate of duty than the amendment now proposed
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
I may state that there is now but one estab-
lishment in the United States that is producing
nickel. That establishment is located in Cam-
den, in the State of New Jersey. The ores
that supply it are brought from what are called
the Gap mines, in the State of Pennsylvania.
It was established primarily to meet the wants
of the United States Mint, although since its
establishment the nickel produced at that fac-
tory has been largely used in the manufacture
of albata and platedware in the eastern States.
The gentleman owning that establishment is a
gentleman of high scientific attainments; one
who would fill with honor a chair in any of
our universities. Ho has invested about four
hundred thousand dollars in this industry. He
has brought from Europe, Professor Fleitman,
who was engaged in the manufacture of nickel
in Iserlohn, in Prussia, a very accomplished
man. By the establishment of this factory at
Camden the price which was formerly paid to
the importers for nickel has been brought down
from $1 15 a pound at times, and at other
times as high as three dollars per pound, to
$1 25 and §1 30.
I have here a letter from a former Director
of the Mint, Dr. Linderman, under date of
June 18, 18G9, who states this fact in reference
to that establishment:
I have yours in reference to the price paid by the
Mint in past years for nickel.
In former years, when the supply of nickel was
uncertain, it was customary to purchase lots of for-
eign nickel, varying in percentage of nickel con-
tamed from fifty to ninety-six per cent., and tile
price was predicated oil the fineness. Subsequently
a rule was established to purchase and pay tor the
amount of pure nickel contained in the article.
When so purchased, my recollection is that the price
paid was never less than SI 50, gold, per pound, and
frequently the price was as high as $1 75. Early in
1SG7 the price, under the competition between your
establishment and foreigu producers, fell to about
$1 40. Subsequently it receded to tl 30, and after-
ward to SI 2">. The last-named price, according to
my recollection, is the lowest rate at which pure
nickel has ever been purchased by the Mint.
Although you have not jequested my opinion on
the subject, I deem it simply justice to say that the
establishment of your nickel refinery has resulted in
bringing down tile price of the article and benefited
the Government.
Very truly, yours, II. R. LINDERMAN.
Dr. Linderman was the Director of the Mint
under a former Administration, and his testi-
mony shows that the Government, has saved
money by encouraging the establishment of
this nickel manufactory. I should have been
glad if the chairman of the committee had felt
justified in reporting a duty of thirty five and
twenty-five cents, instead of twenty-five and
fifteen; but I do not wish to come in antag-
onism with the committee after they have con-
sidered this subject, and therefore I shall not
move to ameud their proposition. But I can
assure the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thuhman']
that this is a most meritorious industry. 1
very much doubt whether this degree of pro-
tection will enable it to struggle along against
foreign competition. The works 'are -now
stopped, and I doubt whether they will be able
to go into operation under the duty now pro-
posed. This article is used in the manufacture
of a large number of instruments of domestic
use—-forks, knives, &c., which are largely in
use by the poor, as a very superior article and
at a price mueh below silver-ware. I trust
that the amendment of the Senate committee
will at least be adopted, if the chairman does
not feel himself justified in going higher than
what he has already proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on striking out this clause and inserting
what has been read.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
four, noes not counted.
The next amendment was on page 99, after
line two hundred and forty-nine, to strike out
the following clause:
On chronometers, box or ship, or parts thereof,
twenty-live per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment was on page 99, line
two hundred and fiity-t wo, to strike out'; thirty''
