1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3095
Mr. POMEROY. I m«an to the detriment
of the city; they might put in pipes that would
draw water away from other portions ot the
city. There is no limit to it. I am willing
that they should have what water they want;
but there ought to be some limit. _ We ought
not to give them indefinitely the right to use
the water. , ,
Mr. ANTHONY. Is there not some board
here charged with the control of the Potomac
aqueduct?
Mr. PATTERSON. I suppose there is.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let it be under the direc-
tion of that board.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island moves to add, in regard to the
use of the Potomac water, "under the direction
of the water registrar."
Mr. PATTERSON. The only object of
taking out this water is to supply certain pumps
in these gardens and for the use of the animals
that may be there.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly it is a perfectly
proper provision. The society ought to have
the water free, but it ought to be under the
same regulations that everybody else is under
in regard to water. We do not want them to
have a power over the water superior to those
who have control of the aqueduct.
The billwas reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
institute of applied sciences.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 735) to establish a national institute
of applied sciences.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a very large name
for what I am afraid is not a very large thing.
I object to it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I agree with my friend
that it is a large name, but there can be no
objection to blotting out the word "national"
and establishing an institute of applied sci-
ences.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does not this come under
the general law we have passed ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the object of
the general bill we passed if no bill comes
nnder it ?
Mr. PATTERSON. The fourteenth section
of this bill reads in this way:
That the Secretary of War is hereby authorized to
allow, for the use and benefit of said institute, the
building on Armory square, in this city, known as
tbe city armory building, to be occupied by said in-
stitute until same sbalt be required by the War De-
partment: Provided, That the (Government shall not
resume the use of same without giving to said cor-
poration not less than one year's notice previous to
resumption.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would be much
better to pass a joint resolution or bill giving
that privilege to the association after it is in-
corporated, and not specially incorporate the
association becanse of that.
Mr. SUMNER. Had not this bill better be
dismissed or indefinitely postponed, and let
the parties then come in nnder the general
law?
Mr. PATTERSON. Very well.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
land grants.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 163) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Lincoln, in the
State of Nebraska, to Denver, Colorado Ter-
ritory.
Mr. KELLOGG. I think we had better
pass that over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that is an ordi-
nary bill 
Mr. THAYER. I hope the objection will
be withdrawn.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 763) granting lands to the State of
Minnesota to aid in the improvement of the
harbor of Duluth, Lake Superior, in Baid State.
Mr. PRATT. I object.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Louisiana
is willing to withdraw his objection to the bill
No. 168.
Hr. KELLOGG. I withdraw my objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there further
objection ? The Chair hears none. The bill
Will be reported.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill
(S. No. 168) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Lincoln, in the
State of Nebraska, to Denver, Colorado Ter-
ritory.
Mr. PRATT. I object to the present con-
sideration of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next bill.
The Secretary. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 428) to grant the right
of way through the public lands to the Junction
City, Solomon Valley, and Denver railway, and
for other purposes.
Mr. PRA1T. I object to the consideration
of that bill.
freehold land and emigration company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 644) to incorporate the United States
Freehold Land and Emigration Company, and
to confirm certain legislation in Colorado Ter-
ritory.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that that bill be
passed over.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. POMEROY. An amendment ought to
be prepared.
Mr. ANTHONY. The bill was recommitted
to the Committee on Territories after the first
report, was amended by that committee, and
reported, I believe, in accordance with the
views of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know that.
Mr. ANTHONY. The objectionable part
was the fifth section, which the committee pro-
pose to strike out.
Mr. HOWELL. Does the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island expect a bill of this
kind to pass without discussion ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope my friend from
Iowa will not object. There is no land grant
in this bill. This company propose to build a
railroad without a land grant. All they ask is
the privilege of laying rails on the pnblic lands,
and I expect to have the support of the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
Mr. HOWELL. I will not object to that.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It was re-
ported from the Committee on Territories
with amendments. The first amendment was
in section four, line four, to insert the word
" directors " after " elections of," and in line
five, after the word "nine," to strike out "di-
rectors" and to insert "in number;" so as to
read:
And thereafter annual elections of directors, not
less than five or more than nine in number, shall be
held by the stockholders, at meetings to be called
for that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion five, in the following words:
That the general objects of such corporation, and to
carry out which it is formed, are, and are hereby,
declared to be as follows: to promote and encourage
immigration from foreign countries, and to establish
settlements on any lands which it now owns or may
hereafter acquire, and in connection therewith estab-
lish such agencies as it may deem desirable; to pur-
chase, bold, lease, sell, and mortgage real estate in
the Territories of Colorado and NewMexioo; to sur-
vey, lay out, and improve the same; and to establish,
maintain, and operate wagon-roads, railroads, and
other means of transit to and upon its said property,
and to connect the same with other lines of com-
munication in said Territories now or hereafter to
be established or operated; and for those purposes
such corporation shall possess all the franchises neces-
sary to enable it to build and operate such railroads
and other means of transit, and shall bo permitted
to construct the same over and upon such of the pub-
lic lands of the United States as are not otherwise ap-
propriated ; and such corporation shall also possess all
tho rights, privileges, and powers that are authorized
to bo exercised by corporations organized under the
provisions of chapter eighteen of the Revised Statutes
of Colorado and of all amendments thereto.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
That the general objects of such corporation are,
and aro hereby, deolared to be as follows : to pro-
■ mote and encourage immigration from foreign coun-
tries, and to establish settlements on any lands
which it now owns, or may hereafter acquire, and
in connection therewith establish such asencics as
it may deem desirable; to purchase, hold, lease, sell,
and mortgage real estate in the Territories of Colo-
rado and New Mexico; to survey, lay out, and im-
prove tho same; and to establish, maintain, and
operate wagon-roads and other means of transit to
and upon its property; to construct and maintain a
railroad and telegraph line from any point in tho
San Louis park, in which park the said company's
: land lies, to the nearest and most practicable noint
on either the Kansas Pacific railroad, the Union
Pacific railroad, orthe Denver branch railroad; and
the said company, for tho purpose of building and
operating such railroad, shall have the right of way
through the public lands of tho United States, from
and between the points aforesaid, the said right of
way being to the extent of two hundred feet on each
side of said railroad line; and there is hereby
granted to said company, along the line of said rail-
road, grounds for stations, buildings, workshops,
switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, and water-sta-
tions, not exceeding forty acres of land at any one
point; and such corporation shall possess all the
francbis.es necessary to enable it to build and operato
such railroad for the transportation of freight and
passengers, and to oolleot and receive compensation
therefor; and the powers, privileges, and franchises
conferred on said corporation by and under the pro-
visions of chapter eighteen of the Revised Statutes
of Colorado, or of any and all amendments thereto,
are hereby confirmed.
Mr. POMEROY. I not going to object, but
I wish to say that in the amendment of the
committee which has been read there is rather
a remarkable provision. We legalize by an
act of Congress the entire franchises of a cor-
poration created by a territorial Legislature
without those powers being defined and with-
out our knowing anything aboutit. The amend-
ment provides:
And the powers, privileges, and franchises con-
ferred on said corporation by and under the provis-
ions of chapter eighteen of the Revised Statutes of
Colorado, or of any and all amendments thereto, are
hereby confirmed.
I do not know what they are.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have an amendment
that I think will make that provision come
within the views of the Senator from Kansas.
I propose to amend it so as to read:
" And the powers, privileges, and franchises con-
ferred on corporations"—
That is, by general law—
" by and under tho provisions of chapter eighteen
of the Revised Statutes of Colorado, or of any and all
amendments thereto, are hereby conformed to and
invested in said corporation."
That is to say, that whatever powers, fran-
chises, and privileges the Territory of Colo-
rado gives to corporations in general shall
apply to this corporation.
Mr. POMEROY. With that amendment I
do not object to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will explain the reason
why that provision is put in. This company
is the possessor of a very large tract of land
in the Territories of Colorado and New Mex-
ico. The company has made arrangements to
introduce into that country twenty thousand
emigrants from Holland, emigrants of a very
superior character; and they have made ar-
rangements with a house in Amsterdam to
furnish the money for this purpose; but this
house will not furnish money to a corporation
that derives its power from a territorial Legis-
[ lature, because they do not know the territo-
I rial Legislature, and they do know Congress;
| and this provision which confirms to this corpo-
ration all the rights, franchises, and privileges
j which the territorial Legislature of Colorado
i gives to all corporations does not add one par-
ticle to its powers and franchises, but it satis-
fies those people from whom alone the money
can come, and certainly the object is one
which every Senator would desire to advance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
