1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2151
Territory. But the people of Utah are not
responsible for his murder. You might with
as much propriety charge the people of the
District of Columbia with the murder of Mr.
Lincoln as you can charge the people of Utah
with the assassination of Dr. Robinson. And
I will say here further, while I am upon the
floor, that there is not upon the face of tlie
earth a community of one hundred thousand
people where there is the same respect for law
and order, where there are so few murders, so
few thefts, where there are so few houses of
prostitution, so few gambling bells and liquor
shops, as in Salt Lake City and the Territory
ofutah.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Certainly.
Mr. CLEVELAND. It is whether the obe-
dience to law of which he speaks is not the
result of fear on the part of the people for
their very lives?
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. No, sir; no, sir;
no, sir. I know sueli things are said. I atn
not, alluding to any member of this House, but
i allude to an outside element that I believe is
conspiring to get this bill passed with a view
of bringing on a civil war, and bringing about
similar transactions to what took place there
in 1857, under Mr. Buchanan'sadininistration,
when millions upon millions of dollars were
squandered for the benefit of border men—
men who built up fortunes on the misfortunes
of their people and of their Government.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Ono more quostion.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Twenty, if you
like ; that is what I am here for.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Wo are all hero to give
information to each other.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Yes, sir.
Mr. CMS VEIjAND. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Utah whethor persons do not occa-
sionally disappear in that Territory?
Mr. HOOrJilt, of Utah. Do not persons
disappear?
Mr. CLEVELAND, I have not completed
my question.
Mr. IIOOPER, of Utah. 1 do not know
what tlio gentleman means.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Let. me complete my
quostion, and then the gentloman can answer
it. Do not persons occasionally disappear who
havo violated soino orderB—Iwill not call them
laws, for thoy are unauthorized—who havo vio-
lated some orders of tho Mormou authorities ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Not to my knowl-
edge. I havo no knowledge of any such thing,
cither personally or from hearsay. But sup-
pose they did. Do not men disappear every-
where ? [Laughlei". ]
Mr. POME ROY. I cannot yield further.
As 1 was saying when this interruption took
place, the possession and jurisdiction of Gov-
ernment lands are usurped by the Mormon
leaders; tho revenue laws are evaded or openly
nullified, and the officers of tho law warned
that if thoy persist in their opposition to Mor-
mon wishes they may expect the same treat-
ment as others who have mysteriously dis-
appeared after tho commission of similar
offenses. Brigham Young is recognized by
bis people as their temporal and spiritual
ruler, over whom there can be no rightful
civil authority.
But if this bill passes we arc assured that
" thousands of mou will bo slain and millions
of treasure bo expended," and that the ex-
tinction of polygamy and establishment of
United States authority in Utah would not be
worth the sacrifice. If a majority of tho mem-
bers of this House sympathize with the gen-
tleman from Nevada in his views the commit-
tee would certainly havo been justified in the
conclusion which the gentleman ascribes to
thein, that "this House would wink at a pub-
lic scandal, but would glare with pitiless eyes
upon a proposed public expenditure;" but the
committee would not then have provided for
the expenditure of money if it became neces-
sary to compel obedience to the laws. Should
the bill be defeated through fear of incurring
expense it would certainly indicate that the
committee did not understand the temper of
the House.
But there is no evidence to show that such
results would follow the passage of this bill.
If the gentleman's eulogy upon the character
of Brigham Young is correct his whole con-
ception of war and desolation is fanciful and
absurd. Is any one weak enough to suppose
that this "great Mormon leader," whom we
are told has such a " sagacious mind," would
be guilty of such stupendous folly as to waste
his millions of treasure and sacrifice his own
and his people's lives in an utterly hopeless
contest against the power of the Union ? Would
this wonderfully "great organizing executive
brain," with its " potent, voice " and "power-
ful will," be capable of devising no safer way,
no surer method of averlingthe ruin and deso-
lation with which this bill is said to threaten
him and his people? To suppose that Brigham
Young would rush blindly into a war that the
gentleman says, in his inimitable style, would
reduce his country to a place where desolation
would reign supreme, and only the jargon of
the savage would disturb its stillness, is to rob
his brain (if its great sagacity and fill it with
the seething schemes of tho unreasoning ma-
niac, or the senseless gibberish of the driveling
idiot.
Tho evidence before tho committee, given by
gentlemen capable of forming as correct opin-
ions upon this subject as any members upon
this floor, all agrees that no war or fighting
would follow tho adoption of this measure.
Th« firmly expressed determination of tho Gov-
ernment would be respected, becutisu it could
not bo defeated ; and if General Shot man would
locato near Salt Lako two regiments of his
twenty-nine which he keeps scattered through
that country to look after tho friendly Indians
who have been Christianized and wooed from
tho war-path during the past year, there would
bo less blood shod in that Territory during the
coming years than there has been in tho past.
All tho most reliable evidence that can be
gathered from private sources confirms this
opinion. Indeed, it. is privately well under-
stood that tho great Mormon seer has already
inaugurated schemes for tho peaceful solution
of this quostion if this bill becomes a law.
But let us grant what is altogether improba-
ble, that tho enforcement of this measuro would
exeilo opposition and provoke war, would that
bo a sulhcient reason for its defeat? Shall wo
refuse to enact, laws for tho enforcement of
justice and order bccauso there are rogues and
rebels who will try to defeat their operation?
Aro we prepared to apply the rules of this
House to general legislation and say wo will
enact righteous laws if thero is unanimous con-
sent, but if there is objection tho whole subject
will go over under tho rule? It is an insuit, to
tho intelligence of tho people to say that they
would rather permit tho spread of barbarous
and brutalizing social and political systems that
degrade humanity, trample upon congressional
enactments, erecting a religious and political
despotism upon the lands of the nation; that
constitutes itself tho sovereign power and ac-
knowledges no rightful allegiance to tiny higher
authority, than expend a few dollars or even
risk a few lives in vindicating the power of the
Government by enforcing its just and salutary
laws.
The best evidence shows that the whole pop-
ulation of Utali does not exceed much, if any,
one^ hundred thousand people. Of these one
half are women, leaving only about lilty thou-
sand as the whole male population of the Ter-
ritory. From this number deduct the children,
tho old men and the gentiles, and it is not
probable that over eight thousand, the num-
ber stated by the chairman of the committee,
could be pressed into military service. These
raw troops, poorly armed, with no experienced
leader, would bo no match for oven three thou-
sand of our regular Army. The Government
hasten regiments of cavalry and nineteen regi-
ments of infantry scattered over that western
country; and as the Indians are becoming civ-
ilized and peaceable, according to the gentle-
man having charge of the Indian appropriation
bill, five or six regiments might readily be sent
to Salt Lake, which would be all that would
be required for the successful prosecution
of this fearful war. If any more men were
needed the Lieutenant general might send
out a regiment of officers who are now anx-
ously awaiting orders. Thus the expenses of
Government would not be increased, while it
is possible that this action might be instru-
mental in reducing the number of supernum-
erary officials, and thus this bill would justly
bo regarded as one of the economical measures
of this Administration.
I confess that I have but litllo patience with
this plea of expenditure as a bar to the passage
of this bill. It is based neither upon fact nor
reason, but is simply a subterfuge for timid
and evasive action. If we have finally con-
cluded to refuse to enact or enforce laws which
command tho assent of nine tenths of the
American people because thoy arouse the
anger of the criminals they are intended to
punish, or necessitate an outlay of public
money, let us at once make ourselves consist-
ent and repeal the statutes we have not the
courage to enforce, and devoto our time here
to the rehearsal of pompous declamations and
partisan legislation ; in short, cultivate all the
arts of successful demagogism and ignore
the duties of true statesmanship.
It is assorted that this bill is unnecessary
becausc polygamy has run its course, and that,
tho Pacific railroad has struck it a mortal blow.
By the same authority we are assured that this
Morman colony is one of the most powerful
and succcssful of which we have any record,
with towns containing thousands of people, ami
extending hundreds of miles south of Salt, Lake
City. These people who are so powerful aii'l
are increasing so rapidly it is said praetuv
polygamy as a "religious duty," and that tiny
are a people who believo in their religion so
devoutly that "they will die if necessary to
preserve it from annihilation." Now, is i,
probable that a colony of people who have in-
creased with such wonderful rapidity, possess d
of such fervid religious convictions, who cliir;
to "megrim" with such a deathless tenacity,
will have the central idea of their faith, arou ml
which there havo been such wonderful accre-
tions of piety and power, worn away by rail-
road attrition?
On the contrary, wo are assured by abun-
dant evidence that Brigham Young, by his new
system of cooperative societies, is not only pre-
venting the immigration which was to carry
with it this destructive friction and these "dis-
integrating forces," but driving away many oi
the gentiles who were already there. 1 should
be glad to liavo some ono inform me what thi.j
new invisible force is that the sounding bras,;
upon tho Pacific locomotive is to send out in
musical vibrations for the purification of our
western Territories? My experienco would
hardly warrant the conclusion that the steam-
engine has hitherto acted tho part of a great
moral reformer in our frontier towns.
Mormonisni is not a savage, nor a stranger
to civilization. It was not born in the desert
or nurtured in the wilderness. Its devotees
were not gathered from among the wild Sioux
and Comanches of the plains, nor wooed away
from the sensuous pleasures of the Turkish
seraglio. It is the offspring of ambition, big-
otry, avarice, and passion. It was cradled
under the full blaze of American civilization,
and its votaries havo been drawn from the most
enlightened nations of the earth. What reason
is there, then, for us to hope that this social
leprosy will be healed and this opposing polit-
ical power destroyed by the mere contact of
increasing population? Its strength is con-
stantly augmenting by contributions from our
