4984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
June 29,
and insert "twenty;" so that the clause will
read: " On live animals, twenty per cent, ad
valorem."
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to insert in line
two hundred and fifty-four the words "from
beyond the seasso that the proviso will read:
Provided, That animals specially imparted for
breeding purposes from beyond the seas shall bo
admitted free upon proof thereof satisfactory to the
Secretary of the Treasury, and under suoh rogjla-
tions as he may prescribe.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 hope that amendment
will not be adopted. There are a number of
animals imported from Canada into this coun-
try for that very purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very thing we
do not want to eome over.
Mr. FOWLER. Those are the very things
that we want to come over.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then we had better strike
out all that precedes it, because that will admit
all breeding animals free.
Mr. FOWLER. We want breeding animals
in our State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the chairman of
the committee.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the amendment be
reported at the desk.
The Chief Cwskk. The amendment is in
line two hundred and fifty-four, after the word
"purposes," to insert the words ''from beyond
the seas."
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the honorable
Senator from Ohio what is the significance that
he gives to that phrase?
Mr. SHERMAN. This does not change the
rate of the present law ; but under the proviso
as it stood, by an inadvertence I imagine, ani-
mals of this character would be brought from
Canada duty free without limit, and conse-
quently there would be no duty at all upon
any animals of that kind. The result would be
that the duty would be entirely evaded. Now,
we propose to limit the freedom of importation
for breeding purposes to animals broughtfrom
beyond the seas; that is, from England and the
countries whence animals are brought for the
purpose of improving our stock. That is the
purpose of the proviso, and we put in those
words to make it clear.
Mr. THURMAN. That is to prevent frauds
in the bringing in free of animals from Mexico
and Canada?
Mr. SIIEItMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say one word
more. The Senator, of course, is perfectly
aware that that phrase has a technical mean-
ing. "From beyond the seas" would mean
out of the realm, according to English law.
Does the Senator intend that this shall apply
only to importations from some place actually
beyond the ocean?
   Yes, sir.
Would it not apply to
Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. HOWARD.
Canada?
Mr. SHERMAN.
Upon that question we
asked the official opinion of the Secretary of
the Treasury. In England the words " from
beyond the seas" mean beyond the little
island of Great Britain. In this country the
words " from beyond the seas " have an estab-
lished judicial as well as departmental con-
struction, meaning beyond the ocean.
Mr. IIOWARD. I think the honorable Sen-
ator is mistaken as to the judicial construction.
That phrase has been repeatedly construed by
coui ts of justice in this country to mean simply
out of the jurisdiction of the State or Territory.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate, we had the
departmental construction.
Mr. HOWARD. I prefer that the Senator
should alter the language so as to say exactly
what he means. Let him say, "from any for-
eign country."
Mr. CONKLTNG. That will not do, because
that will include Canada.
Mr. HOWARD. If that is not what he
means, let him express it in proper language.
Mr. SHERMAN. We b ave got it exactly:
so that in commercial language, according to
the construction of the Department upon sim-
ilar language iu former laws, it would exclude
animals from Canada and Mexico.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I hope the language used
will be modified. There are as fine herds of
cattle in Canada, reared for the express pur-
pose of being sold for breeding, as can be found
in Europe. I can see ijo reason why those of
our farmers who desire to improve the breeds
of stock may not have the opportunity of im-
porting thoroughbred horses and cattlo from
Canada, as well as another class who may wish
to import them from Europe. I ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio to give me his attention ; for
there is more importance in this matter than I
think he believes. If he will change the lan-
guage, and not use the words " from beyond
the seas," but say "importing thoroughbred
s io civ'' .
Mr. SHERMAN, Who can tell what is
thoroughbred stock ?
Mr. LEAMLIIN. It can bo told just as well
as you can tell what is " beyond the seas."
Mr. SHEHMAN. I do not know how a
custom-house otlicer could do it.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I am not a breeder, though
I have bought some blooded stock, and own a
little of it my&elf to-day ; but that language is
as well known in the world of stock-dealers as
anything can be. The pedigree of the animal
is furnished, 1 do not know but for centuries ;
and there is that around the thoroughbred
stock of the country which makes it known
as thoroughbred as well as anything can be
known in the commercial world. It will there-
fore, only be dealing jusily by all parties,
instead of u beyond the seas" to say, ki stock
imported, thoroughbred, for breeding pur-
poses." There can be no stock from Canada
that will come in for ordinary or improper
purposes uuder that language. Not a horse
or an ox or a cow or any description of animal
will come in if that language is used, if the
Senator wants to deal fairly, and allow those
who can get their breeding animals nearer at
home to do so, he will agiee to I he suggestion
which I make.
Mr. FENTON. The opinion of the honor-
able Senator from Maine is not the opinion
nor the experience of one of the best and most
experienced collectors on the frontier, at a
point when* a larger number of cattle are im-
ported from Canada than at any other point
on the frontier. I have received a letter from
him in relation to the clause in the hill as sent
to us from the House, which this amendment
of the Committee on Finance seeks to remedy,
and I will ask the Clerk to read that portion
of the collector's letter bearing on this point.
The Chief Cicrlc read as follows:
"I notice in the tariff bill published as having
passed the House and gone to the Senate a provision
exempting: from duty live animals imported tor
breeding purposes, and on othoi live animals impos-
ing a duty of thirty per cent. The present duty im-
poses a duty on all live animals imported of twenty
per cent.
"At this and the other ports on this frontier live
animals are largely imported from Canada, and
among thorn are a large number of cows, bulls,
maies, and stallions, which arc brought in not tor
breeding purposes really, but for the ordinary uses
of such animals in the country.
"It the taritYshould permit the importation of such
animals, when intended tor breeding purposes, hee,
it must become a means by which Areat frauds on the
revenue can be perpetrated with hnrdiy any lcar or
possibility of detection or punishment ; for whether
they are tor breeding or for oi her purposes must bo
chiefly a matter of intention on the part of the im-
porter. Jle will swear that such is his intention, and
it seems to me that practically it will be impossible
to controvert it. The men engaged in {his import-
ation of live animals are not, as a general thing, those
who hcruple much at getting ahead ot the Govern-
ment by defrauding the customs, and with this addi-
tional groat temptation of thirty percent, offered by
the Jaw, any slight scruples which any of them muht
chance to have would be readily silenced. Their
intentions would easily be changed to accommodate
whatever was for their own pecuniary interest. Really
it would bo but a premium ot thirty per cent, offered
by the law to defraud itself, and all or nearly all such
animals us i have enumerated would pass free of
duty m spite of any regulations or vigilance on the
part of revenue officcis.
"If it it;deemed desirable to permit the importation
of Breeding animals from the 01(1 World free would
it not be well, in view of this at present large import-
ation of live .'i n ioui ls froiu the Can.idas, tU.it import-
ations ofsuch irohi tb'eBritish JSorth American prov-
inces should bo excepted T"
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know who
is the author of that letter.
Mt\ PENTON. The collector at Suspension
Bridge, New York.
Mr FOWLER. ' What is the reason that a
citizen of the United States may not import
from Canada a thoroughbred horse, if he can
got one there? Whv'should he be compelled
to go to England, France, or Germany ? Why .
should wo discriminate against Canada in ref-
erence to this matter? Why should a wool-
grower in this country he compelled to go to
Europe iu order to import his thorough bred
sheep, when lie can be as well accommodated
in Canada? The same is true of animals. I
am sure that the man who wrote that letter
knows nothing of the character of the animals
we are speaking about. Why, sir, the term
"thoroughbred" is as definitely understood as
the word " man " is understood ; and there is
110 more danger of fraud being perpetrated
under such language as that than there would
be by designating "human beings" by that
term. The language is so thoroughly under-
stood that the raisers of stock never hesitate
at all in reference to an animal of this kind.
The dealers in animals of this kind have to give
a pedigree of the animal, just as definite and
fixed as it is possible to give ; much more accu -
rate than any individual in this body could
possibly give of his pedigree, and for hundreds
of years, too.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tlieqnestion
is on the amendment proposed by the Finance
Committee.
Mr. POMEItOY. J do not .see the amend-
ment of the committee in the bill. Is it to
strike out "thirty and insert •* twenty " as
the duty on live animals?
Mr. SIIEIiMAN. No; it is to iusert the
words " from beyond the seas."
Mr. FOWLER. That is, that you shall not
import from Canada. That is the meaning
° The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. POMEItOY. I shall he willing to have
the question tnken as soon as I understand
precisely what it is.
Mr. SIIEIIMAN. I have explained it two
or tluec times. The Senator was not here.
Mr. POMEItOY. If the Senator feels
unpleasant about it, he need not repeat the
explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. The words " from beyond
the^seas" are inserted to prevent frauds by
wholesale in the importation of animals from
Canada to enter into the market in this country.
Air. POMEItOY. I do not ltnow of anybody
who wants any frauds by wholesale from Can-
ada, or anywhere else.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator came
in there was an otlieial document rend showing
that this would <;ive rise to enormous frauds.
Mr. POMEItOY. I heard it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question?
Mr. POMEItOY. No. sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Kansas has t lit; floor ; but he will address
the Chair.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to say that
while Canada is a foreign country to us, vet
they have thoroughbred animals there as pure
ami as good blooded as there are in England
or anywhere else. I know it, not only irom
actual observation, but from having purchased
many of them myself; and there is no reason
why we should discriminate against Canada.
The term '• thoroughbred animal"' ij as well
defined in the case of an animal brought from
Canada a? from England. There is a small
duty imposed upon them in bringing them into
i U>t.iia'h'. The province of Canada cawuat im-
