1208
THE 00NGrRBSSIOKAL GLOBE.
February 11,
fore the Senate goes much farther than repeal*
ing the franking privilege. Sending newspapers
free through the county in which they are
published is no part of the franking privilege
as understood properly. We all understand
what is meant by the "franking privilege."
But this bill goes much further. Now the
Senator from New York asks us that we shall
consent to repeal this privilege to send news-
papers free in the county in which they are pub-
lished, with the expectation that another bil I will
be passed reinstating it. What assurance have
we of that? Shall we now consent to do a
palpable wrong, in the expectation that Con-
gress will undo that wrong before the end of
the session ? It occurs to me that that reasoning
is not sound.
Sir, we shall abolish the franking privilege
properly considered. There is an overwhelm-
ing majority in the Senate for abolishing the
franking privilege. I shall vote for it. Congress
must do it in self-defense. There is an enorm-
ous scandal afloat throughout the whole coun-
try in regard to the abuses of the franking priv-
ilege ; and Congress, in self-defense and to
relieve itself from an odium that is in great
part unjust, must abolish this franking priv-
ilege, and I shall vote for it upon that ground.
I do not expect ultimately that this Govern-
ment will save one dollar by it. I have no
faith in that view of the case; but I am in favor
of abolishing the franking privilege. I am in
favor of it on several grounds, and one of
personal convenience. To me it has been an
nn mitigated nuisance from the first, a labor
that I dislike to perform, of writing my name
upon letters, newspapers, and documents that
I am called upon to send out. I shall be very
glad to get clear of that, so far as I am person-
ally concerned; but I know that there is a great
misunderstanding in the country in regard to
the conduct of members of Congress and as
to the amount of responsibility that attaches
to members of Congress for the free matter that
passes through the mails. We shall abolish
this privilege; but in doing it let us not do
palpable injustice to others, under the expect-
ation that we shall pass a law subsequently by
which we shall set this thing right.
As the law now stands the New York Trib-
une, a triple sheet, can be sent to the eity of
San Francisco for the same postage which,
under the operation of this bill, will have to
be paid for sending the Washington Chronicle
from here to Georgetown. Is there any justice
in that ?
Mr. COLE. It is the same with letters. Let-
ters sent a short distance are required to pay
as much postage as those sent the whole length
of the United States.
Mr. EDMUND8. Letters pay by the ounce;
by weight.
Mj. MORTON. I am speaking of the actnal
cost of postage. The absolute postage on a
triple sheet from New York to San Francisco
is the same that under the operation of this
bill it will be on a small sheet from here to
Georgetown.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to the conn-
try newspapers, all who are acquainted with
their condition know that it is with difficulty
that they live. There is very little money ever
made in publishing a country newspaper. You
may take the average of them and perhaps
thepr have not got over one thousand sub-
scribers, and a great many not more than half
that number. But take a paper with a thousand
subscribers and that must be counted a flourish-
ing country newspaper; you impose a tax of
twenty cents per annum for postage on each
copy, and there is a tax of $200 a year. Per-
haps that will have to be paid for the present,
or at least for some time to come, by the pub-
lishers. They have their terms to their sub-
scribers, and they cannot readily put on the
postage in addition. It will be a great burden,
a great hardship, if the country newspaper
publishers shall berequired to pay this postage,
and especially as compared with newspapers
sent through the mails a great distance by
offices that can well afford to pay. *
Now, Mr. President, let us make this bill
right, at least bo far as others are concerned.
If we consent to do injustice to ourselves for
the purpose of relieving ourselves from public
scandal that is our own business ; but so far
as others are concerned, let u3 not do them
injustice as a matter of revenge. It will be so
regarded. It is so regarded now. This bill as
it came from the other House is regarded as
a matter of revenge toward the country news-
papers. It is said by the country newspapers
now that because they have denounced the
franking privilege Congress is revenging itself
upon them by requiring them to pay postage
in the counties in which they are published.
Now, I will not say that there is any ground for
that allegation, but I will say that that is the
prevailing impression, and that is the impres-
sion which will prevail if we pass this bill as it
comes to us.
Let us make this bill right; let us leave the
law as it stands in regard to country news-
papers ; but in regard to newspaper exchanges
I differ from the Senator from Ohio upon that
point. I think that exchanges ought to be
free. It will be a heavy burden upon country
newspapers if they are required to pay postage
on their exchanges. To enable their publish-
ers to publish valuable papers they must have
numerous exchanges from all parts of their
own State and from different parts of the coun-
try, and the postage on those exchanges should
be free. It would be a heavy burden to them
in the course of the year if they were called on
to pay postage on their exchanges. Metropol-
itan papers can afford to do it; but as to the
Eublishers of small country newspapers, who
ave hard work to live, and who must take
their pay in wood, in flour, in corn, or in bacon,
and have hard work to get it even by exchange
and barter, it acts as a hardship ; and we have
no right to inflict it on them.
One word more, sir. It does not cost this
Government $1,000 a year, as I am advised
by one who is well acquainted with the subject,
to carry the newspapers and distribute them in
the counties where they are published.
The small mails are carried not by weight
but by the mile, so much for the route. The
question of weight does not enter into the
cost of a little country mail. It does enter
into the cost of a great mail from New York
to San Francisco; but in a little mail carried
throughout the county the question of weight
does not enter into consideration. Therefore,
it adds nothing to the expense of the Post
Office Department to carry these newspapers
free throughout the county of publication.
On every principle of justice 1 think we ought
to adopt the amendment offered by the Senator
from Missouri. I thought the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio went to the same extent, but
I find it does not go to the extent of exchanges,
and in that respect it differs from the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President—^
The YICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has expired, and the Mississippi bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator who has
charge of that bill will allow it to go over for
the present, that the Senate may proceed with
this matter and dispose of it at once. The
country is demanding favorable action at the
hands of the Senate, and expects a willing dis-
position to accord what is asked. I hope the
Senator having that bill in charge will allow it
to go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the Mississippi bill being informally
passed over, subject to a demand for the regu-
lar o.rder ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had best
dispose of the Mississippi bill. If not a ques-
tion of privilege, it is certainly a measure that
requires early action. We have considered it
one day, and I think it will be very bad econ-
omy of time to lay it aside now and take up
another bill.
The YICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Illinois objects to passing by the regular order
informally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there could be a vote
on this bill I would not object to that.
Mr. HOWARD. There cannot be a vote on
this bill very soon.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the Senate is pre-
pared to vote on it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I doubt it,.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that the
Senator from Vermont is not ready to vote ou
it; he desires to say something upon it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont ever be ready to vote for it ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. "To vote upon it," I
said ; not " for it."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall not be far behind
my friend from Minnesota in any good work.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I believe it
is Pope who says that—
"Order is Heaven's first lair."
And if that be true, though clothed in poetry,
this body is a great way from Heaven. [Laugh-
ter.] Now, sir, the order of to-day is the Dis-
trict of Colombia business. I will not inter-
pose ap objection that shall prevent a vote
upon this franking question, for I want to vote
upon it and have it done with; but I do ask
that the Senate will have the consistency to
stand by its own order. I think there is as
much necessity for it as there is for going on
now with the bill which has been under discus-
sion. In its regular order it goes over to Mon-
day. I am as much in favor of considering
the Mississippi bill as the Senator from Illinois
can be; and I think it will meet as little
obstruction from my lips as from his, for I
believe I do not occupy the three and a half
minutes that I am entitled to out of a day's
session here; and if Senators would vote as
cheerfully as I will vote, without talking, we
should have passed the Mississippi bill yester-
day. If any matter could be disposed of in
half an hour I certainly would interpose no
objection; but to have the day taken up and
the District matters which were passed over
la^t Friday that were debatable, for the pur-
pose of disposing of those that were not de-
batable, laid aside again, I object to. I hope
it will not be done to-day. I hope we may
have the day according to the vote of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor make any motion ? The bill in regard to
the franking privilege has gone over, under
objection. The Mississippi bill is now. before
the Senate, and the Senator from Maine is on
the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. How is the franking priv-
ilege bill disposed of? In what way ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the objection
of the Senator from Illinois and the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. RAMSEY. Do they both persist in
objection ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was objected
to by both Senators. The Chair then stated
that the Mississippi bill was before the Senate,
and the Senator from Maine was recognized.
The Chair supposed he desired to make a
motion to postpone it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say to the
Senator from Maine that I united with him the
other day in urging upon the Senate to allow
Friday for the disposition of the business which
he in part has in charge. I do not wish to act
inconsistently here. I consider it important
to dispose of the Mississippi bill, of which 1
have been placed in charge by the Committee
on the Judiciary, but I am entirely willing that
it should be left to the Senate, and if the Sen-
ator from Maine insists on taking up the Dis-
trict bills to-day, and if the Senate so decide, l
have not a word to say about it. I consider
it my duty, however, to call up the Mississippi
