3096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six,
line two, after the word "obligations" to
insert " in such amounts, at such rates, and
on such terms as it may deem most for its
interestso as to read:
_ That such corporation may make and dispose of
its bonds or other obligations in such amounts, at
Mich rates, and on such terms as it may deem most
for its interest for the purposo of borrowing money
for the purposes aforesaid, and may secure thosauio
by a lnortaago upon all or any part of its property
nod all its franchises.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have always been in
the habit of examining these bills. I have not
examined this before; but I find a provision
in the first section which allows this company
to be sued in the United States and not in the
Territory of Colorado, where they are going
to do their business.
Mr. DRAKE. The expression is, "all
courts of law and equity in the United States."
Mr. POMEROY. But not •' in the Terri-
tories," aud this is a corporation for a Terri-
tory.
Mr. DRAKE. The Territory is in the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. POMEROY. It may raise a question
whether parties thinking they are offended will
not have access to the courts in Colorado. I
move, therefore, after the words " United
States," inline twelve of the first section, to
insert "and the Territory of Colorado."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I remember, Mr. President,
that a year or two ago I was led to introduce
a-bill here to establish a life insurance com-
pany in the District of Columbia, and it hap-
pened to come before the Senate when some
of the Senators were in their critical mood,
and I had the satisfaction of finding my bill
in fifteeu minutes smashed up completely. It
was said to be out of the question for the Con-
gress of the United States to be passing char-
ters for everybody all over the country in that
way; and consequently my bill went "where
the woodbine twineth." [Laughter.] Now,
Mr. President, this is rather the most extraor-
dinary proposition that ever I have known to
be introduced into the Congress of the United
States to create a corporation. I think I am
justified in nsia* this language, and I will just
read here a few lines of this bill:
That the general objects of such corporation are,
and are hereby, declared to be as follows: to pro-
mote — ■
Mr. HARLAN. I object to the further con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. Can the Senator from Iowa
smash my speech in that way ? [Laughter.!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
he can, because the right to object accrues at
any time before final action.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will withdraw his speech and the Sen-
ator from Iowa withdraw his objection, and let
ns pass the bill. I think that is a fair com-
promise.
Mr. HARLAN. It is impossible to pass
this bill without discussion.
Mr. DRAKE. If either the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island or the honorable
Senator from Iowa supposes I was trifling with
this bill and getting up here to make a speech
j ist for the sake of making a speech they are
t oth very much mistaken.
Mr. HARLAN. I had no snch thought.
The Senator had succeeded in convincing me
that the bill ought not to pass, and therefore!
objected to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over, and the title of tke next bill on the
Calendar will be read.
Mr. ANTHONY subsequently said: I be-
lieve the Senator from Iowa has examined
Senate bill No. 644, and finds that the lion has
been taken out of it and the lamb put in its
place. I hope he will either allow it to be taken
| up or else allow it to be passed over informally,
and not have it put down as objected to.
Mr, HARLAN. I am willing to adopt the
latter suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it proposed
to have this bill put in such a position that it
shall come up as the first bill in order on Mon-
day morning?
Mr. DRAKE. I ask leave to say one
word. I do not know many things that would
cause me more regret than to take a position
of opposition to a measure which the Senator
from Rhode Island seems to take an interest
in; but this bill I cannot under any circum-
stances do any otherwise, in accordance with
my views of public policv, than to oppose.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; but the Sen-
ator has no objection to its being considered.
I do not expect him to vote for it.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish it to stand on
the Calendar and take precedence of other bills.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not ask that, but I
merely ask that instead of being objected to
the bill may be considered as passed over in-
formally, and then it will come up again in its
place, still being open to objection from any
Senator.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well; I shall not object
to that; but I shall oppose the bill whenever
it does come up.
Mr. ANTHONY. We have passed over sev-
eral bills informally. They are not considered
as objected to, but can be called up at any time
when there is no objection to them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Missouri not to object
to the proposition of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
open to objection again when reached in its
order.
I Mr. DRAKE. Very well, sir.
| PUBLIC BUILDING AT MONTGOMERY.
1 The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 731) to provide for a building suited to
the use of the post office, the land and revenue
officers, and the judicial officers of the United
States, in the city of Montgomery, Alabama;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. By its provisions the Secretary of the
Treasury is directed to cause to be constructed
a saitable building, fire-proof, at Montgomery,
Alabama, for the accommodation of the cus-
tom-house, post office, United States circuit
and district courts, land and internal revenue
offices; and for this purpose there is appropri-
ated $100,000, to be expended nnder the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall
cause proper plans and estimates to be made
, so that no expenditure shall be made or author-
ized for the full completion of the building
beyond the amount herein appropriated. No
1 money appropriated by the bill shall be used
or applied for the purposes mentioned until a
valid title to the land for the site of the build-
ing shall be vested in the United States, and
until the State shall also duly release and re-
linquish to the United States the right to tax
| or in any way assess the site or the property
I of the United States that may be thereon during
1 the time that the United States shall be or
i remain the owner thereof.
j The Committee on Public Buildings and
' Grounds reported the bill with an amendment,
to strike out in line six the word " custom-
house.' '
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the thira time, and passed.
ROSINA LENZtNOKIl.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 777) granting arrears of pension to
RosinaLenzinger; which was rend the second
time, and considered ns in Committee of the
Whole. Under its provisions the Secretary of
the Interior is to pay RosinaLenzinger, widow
of Melchior Lenzinger, late a private in com-
pany D of the fifty-sixth regiment of Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, arrears of pension at the rate
of eight dollars per month, from the 3d day of
February, 1864, the date of her husband's death,
to the 9th day of February, 18G9, the date of
the commencement of her present pension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
U0CSE BILLS HKt'KURED.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs :
A bill (H. R. No. 784) to authorize the set-
tlementof the accounts of officers of the Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 1891) for the relief of
George C. Haynie ;
A bill (H. 14. No. 1892) making an appro-
priation to satisfy a judgment obtained against
Grenville M. Dodge, late an officer of the
United States, and others, for acts done by
them in the line of their duty ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1893) (or the relief of the
heirs of John W. Duff, Andrew Kensinger,
Jesse Fry, Peter Hart, Edward Bray, Pleasant
Trent, and Clinton Luster ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1895) for the relief of
Major John W. Todd;
A bill (H. R. No. 1896) for the relief of
William A. Howard ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1897) for the relief of
Lot S. Bayless, administrator of lieutenaut
Marcus W. Bayless, deceased ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 273) donating
condemned cannon to the McPherson Monu-
ment Association.
MAKY HODGSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 778) granting a pension to Mary Hodg-
son ; which was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The
Secretary of the Interior is to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, the name of Mary
Hodgson, widow of Thomas Hodgson, late a
private in company F, first regiment Tennessee
infantry volunteers, and to pay her a pension
at the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence on the 12th day of April, 1863, and to
continue during her widowhood.
Mr. PRATT. This bill, and the two follow-
ing it, are bills reported from the Committee
on Pensions by the chairman of that commit-
tee, [Mr. Edmunds,] who stated to me yester-
day morning that he would be unavoidably
absent for two or three days. He desired me
to state, when these cases were called, that
there would be a brief memorandum found
among the papers in each case. He reported
them without a formal written report, and
desired me to state if any objection was made
that a brief statement would be found in the
papers of the grounds upon which the bill was
reported in each case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
| ELIZA WHITING.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
i (S. No. 779) granting a pension to Eliza Whit-
ing; which was read a second time, and con-
! sidered as in Committee of the Whole. Itjjro-
I vides for placing on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
, sion laws, the name of Eliza Whiting, widow
of the late Brevet Brigadier General Henry
Whiting, United States Army, at the rate of
thirty dollars per month from the 16th day
