1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE,
195
41st Gong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Allison.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. It so happens
that there are several gentlemen from Ohio
who represent districts that have a larger or
smaller iron interest. In the remarks of my
friend from Iowa upon the subject of pig iron,
1 understood him to say that certain parties
had been before the Committee of Ways and
Means from the district of the "gentleman
from Ohio," showing conclusively that it costs
less than $30 a ton in that district to manu-
facture pig iron. Now, I simply want to say,
lest an erroneous impression might go abroad,
that in the district which I have the honor of
representing, which is perhaps twice as largo,
so far as the iron interest is concerned, as any
other district in the State, nine tenths of all the
pigiron are manufactured with charcoal, anditis
conclusively proved that during the past year
it has cost within a fraction of $34 a tou to
manufacture that charcoal iron. All I want
is that the gentleman shall say that no parties
from my district were before the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. ALLISON. If I said that parties were
before the committee I was mistaken. I meant
to say that the committee had testimony on that
subject before them. I alluded to the gentle-
man's colleague from the twentieth district,
[Mr. Garfield,] who had printed and laid upon
our tables a letter from iron manufacturers in
his district showing the cost of iron.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. That is entirely
satisfactory.
Mr. ALLISON. I know perfectly well that
to manufacture charcoal iron, which is used for
the finer articles of iron manufacture in the
district of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wil-
son,] must cost more than to manufacture ordi-
nary pig iron ; but my friend must also remem-
ber that he receives for this charcoal iron a
much higher price than is paid for the ordinary
article of pig iron.
I call attention to the fact that there is a new
classification in the proposed bill by which
classes of iron now paying the lowest rate of
duty are thrown into the class paying a high
rate of duty. Iron was classified first by the
act of 1861, which classification was substan-
tially maintained by the act of July 14, 1862.
By the act of 18G4 a new classification was
made, bringing a portion of the iron which
before had been included in a lower rate of
duty into a class paying a high rate. The bill
now before the House makes still another
classification, for the purpose of narrowing
the classes to be imported under the lowest
rate of duty provided for. Under the acts of
1861 and 186i iron was so classified as to bring
in at one rate of duty all the iron that is known
as the English common sizes, for the reason
that those sizes all sell for the same price in
England—322 in all.
Upon this subject of increase of duty by
means of change of classification I submit a
letter received by me from Cornett, Nightin-
fale & Co., an old importing-house, located at
'rovidcnce, Rhode Island, as follows. The
extract alludes to the sizes known as English
common sizes :
^ " These sizes and descriptions are taxed by the ex-
isting tariil'bill, according to sizes, as follows, namely:
l( Kenned, 01 to 91 per cent, ad valorem.
( Common, 71 to 111 per cent, ad valorem.
The House bill reported by Mr. Schkkck changes
the (Iu ty on this range of sizes as follows, namely :
(t Increases the duty on 90 sizes $5 60 per ton, gold.
!. l^e®r.cases tlicduty on 0 sizes S3 60 per ton, gold.
Making a net increase on 8-lsizes of $5 60 per ton,
gold, or 15 per ccnt. ad valorem on refined, and about
10 per cent, ad valorem on common quality at the
present cost in England.
"The worst featuro, however, in the new bill is that
of increasing the number ot sizes that dealers are
practically prohibited from importing by the change
in classification.
"While the existing tariff, at a low premium for
gold, only excludes the importation of 79 sizes of
refined out of 322, or one quarter of the whole, and
a nearly equal number of common quality, the
Schenek bill prohibits 169 sizes, or more than one
half of each description."
These gentlemen are vouched for by the
honorable member from Rhode Island [Mr.
Jexckes] as men of probity and of intelligence
upon this subject. It will thus be seen that by
the classification alone there is an increase of
duty upon a large number of sizes of iron,
while there is a decrease of duty upon only a
few sizes. Upon examination of the statistics
upon importation of iron it will be found that
the present tariff is practically prohibitory.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman tell us how much iron was imported
last year under what he calls a prohibitory duty ?
Mr. ALLISON. I have said that the duty
is practically prohibitory, and why?
Mr. SCHENCK. As my colleague on the
committee has undertaken to show the advance
of duty that has been made, will he not indi-
cate the quantity in each case ? Does the
analysis to which the gentleman refers embrace
that point?
Mr. ALLISON. I thank the gentleman from
Ohio for calling my attention to that point,
because it comes in properly in connection
with the question of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. My friend from Pennsylvania asks
me how much iron was imported during the
last year. The amount of duties collected dur-
ing the last year on imported iron was, I be-
lieve, in round numbers, $10,000,000. The
average rate of duty on iron is less than 50
per cent.; but why ? Because certain specified
manufactures of iron imported last year to
the amount of over $1,000,000 paid 35 per
cent, ad valorem, thus reducing the duty to an
average of less than 50 per cent. But for that
ad valorem duty the average would have been
about 57 per cent, on all iron imported.
But I want to call attention to the classes
of iron imported. They are about the same
classes from year to year. In the first place,
there is pigiron, Scotch pig iron, and Welsh pig
iron—a class of iron essential to the manufac-
turers in this country, and imported notwith-
standing the duty of $9 per ton. Then there is
a large importation of scriip iron, because pig
and scrap are to-day practically of the same
grade; and because even manufacturers of pig
iron have been known to import scrap iron
within the last year or two and carry it away
into the interior of Pennsylvania and New York,
because they could with advantage use this
scrap iron and sell their pig iron.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman said "man-
ufacturers of pigiron." Was that what he
meant?
Mr. ALLISON. Manufacturers of pig iron
in connection with other manufactures of iron,
who might have made their own pig, but who
chose to sell it at a large profit, and import and
use scrap iron instead. Of course gentlemen
are aware that certain new iron is imported
as scrap. Under existing law this bill pro-
poses an amendment to remedy this evil. Bar
iron was imported to the extent of about
$2,000,000 in value. Then there is the item
of railroad iron. Of all our importations of
iron two thirds have consisted of railroad iron,
pig iron, scrap iron, and bar iron of the lowest
quality, the duty upon which amounts to over
$7,500,000 out of the total of $10,000,000.^ So
that what I have before stated is practically
true, that with the exception of these four
classes of iron the iron manufacturers of this
country have to-day absolute control of the
manufacture. I call upon gentlemen to refer
to the reports of the Treasury Department for
a verification of these figures. So that what
was in 1864 a necessary duty upon iron has by
the repeal of the internal taxes become prac-
tically a prohibitory duty. Now, if it is the
intention of Congress to convert protection
into prohibition the existing rates will not be
reduced upon these articles, which rates were
imposed bccause of the internal taxes of 1862
and 1864.
Mr. DICKEY. As I understand the gen-
tleman, the duty on pig iron and scrap iron is
less prohibitory than on the higher class of
iron.
Mr. ALLISON. That would be a good
question to ask if the gentleman had not com-
prehended what I said. Why is pig iron im-
ported 1 Because it is essential to the manu-
facturers of the country, and because we do
not produce the kind of pig iron imported. I
have stated why scrap iron is imported. It is
because the large profits on pig iron make it
profitable to import scrap iron for certain man-
ufacturing purposes.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Iowa
well knows who voted in favor of reducing, as we
have done in this bill, the duty on pig iron, and
this notwithstanding the Scotch pig iron to
which he refers comes into direct competition
with the pig iron made from black-band ore
produced in the Tuscarawas valley of my own
State, the only iron produced in this country
suitable for castings: the whole importation
being about 80,000 tons, and 60,000 tons
coming from Scotland.
Mr. ALLISON. It costs more to take this
iron made from black-band ore to the manu-
facturers of New England, Pennsylvania, and
New York, who are the largest manufacturers,
than to bring it from Scotland.
I have shown that in the matter of classifi-
cation alone the proposed bill increases the
duty upon iron ; but in addition to this there
is a positive increase upon many articles of
manufactured iron and steel, as the following
statement, made by a leading house in New
York (Sampson & Brother) will show :
Statement of the house of Sampson & Brother.
New Yokk, February 12,1870.
Sin: In answer to your letter we have to state:
That under the tariff in force in and t>rior to 1860,
which was a rovenuo tariff, the duty levied and col-
lected upon all descriptions of iron was 24 per oent.
ad, valorem, and upon certain descriptions of steel
12 per cent. In 1861 tho tariff was changed to spe-
cific rates, amended in 1862, and again in 1864, which
last amendment, with its varied and perploxing
schedules and classifications, is now in force; and
it is between the ad valorem act of 24 por cent., the
present, and tho proposed specific rates that tlieso
comparisons are made. We state farther that tho
present and proposed acts 1 evy duties on iron, ac-
cording to width, thickness in inches, (or fractions
thereof,) and gauges, ranging from 1 cent to H cent
per pound; and both are arranged with peculiar skill,
so as to assess the highest rates in many instances
on thoso articles most in demand. Tho calculations
wo annex tabulated, so they can be understood at a
glance:
We present—
First. The sterling cost free on board in Liverpool.
Second. Tho sterling cost in gold dollars at SI 84
per pound sterling.
Tldrd. The ad valorem rate of 1860, or 24 per cent.
Fourth. The present specific duty.
Fifth. Tho amount in dollars of increase over the
advalorem duty, and the percentage of such increase.
Sixth. The relation or ratio of present duty to the
sterling cost.
Seventh. The proposed duty.
Eighth. The ratio of increase in the proposod over
ad valorem duty.
Ninth. The ratio of proposed duty to sterling cost
in percentage, all of which calculations are in gold.
Tenth. To proposed duty we add 20 per cent, pre-
mium on gold.
Eleventh. The currency incroase in dollars and
cents over tho ad valorem rate, and the percentage
of such increase. y ' * r
It is proper to state a difficulty occurs in arriving
at a satisfactory sterling value in England, as the
price m I860 was much lower than now; but this is
worso for the protectionists, as the Iowerthe sterling
cost tho greater is the percentage of increase overthat
cost.
Koto, first, that on bar iron under the prosent 1
cent per pound classification tho duty is increased
over the ad valorem rate on the same sterling cojt
from 24 per oent. in 1860 to 149 per cent, m gold in
1870, or at 20 per cent, premium on gold to 198 per
cent currency.
Note, second, that under the li cent classification
the duty is now increased from 24 peiceut. to 273 per
cent, in gold, or at 20 pel- cent, premium to 348 per
ecnt. currency.
Note, third, arevision in classification and rates, by
which the present basis of 1 cent por pound is re-
tainedon acertainschedule whileon manysizesnow
paying 1 cent per pound the duty is to be advanced
to 11 cent; and that this revision and increase from
1 eont to H cent, in General Sohenck's bill is an
