187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3097
of Septembers 1851, to oomtiaoe daring be*
widowhood. . . ,
The bill vti reported to the Senate withoat
amendment, ordered tobeengrowedfor*third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MICHAEL M'GINNISS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S No. 780) granting arrears of pension to
Michael McGinniss; which was read a second i
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for paying arrears of pen-
sion to Michael McGinniss, late a musician in
the twenty-eighth regiment of Massachusetts
volunteers, from the IStli day of August, 1862,
the date of his discharge from the regiment, to
the 25th day of June, 1866, the date of the
renewal of his pension. *
The bill was reported to the Senate withont
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for athird i
reading, read the third time, and passed. !
LEAVE Of ABSENCE. j
Mr. POOL. I ask that leave of absence be
granted to my colleague [Mr. Abbott] until :
the 10th of May. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made if there be no objection. The Ch&ir
hears none.
BXECUTITB SESSION.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
q68s
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the motion of the Senator from
New Jersey, and the Sergeant-at-Ams will
clear the galleries and oloae the doors.
After some time spent in executive session
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 29, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
hy the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. J. P.
Newmjjj, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
REPORTS OX A PRIVATE NATURE.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hoar, now
begins, and committees will be called for re-
ports of a private nature, beginning with the
Committee on Military Affairs.
VAI^NTINS WEiWHBIM.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back House bill No. 774,
to amend an act for the relief of Valentine
Wehrheim, approved June 12, I860) and the
same was referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
*. B. GABNIiTT.
Mr. LOGAN also, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the petition of F. E.
Garnett for pay as lieutenant during the period
for which he was commissioned but not mus-
tered in; and the same was laid on the table,
LIEDTBNANT COLONEL JOHN C. AOESCBOUBIE.
Mr. LOGAN also, from the same committee,
reported back the joint resolution of the Legis-
lature of Iowa, in favor of granting a pension
to Lieutenant Colonel John C. Abercrombie,
of that State, corresponding to his rank, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
farther consideration of the same, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
ANDREW MALCOLH.
Mr. LOGAN also, from the same committee,
*®ported back the petition of Andrew Mal-
colm, of Rolla, Phelps county, Missouri,' ask-
ing for pay due him from the Government for
depredations of Government troops ia 1861
and 1862, and woved that the committee be
discharged from further consideration of the
same, and that it be referred to the Committee
of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
mary petrie.
Mr. LOGAN also, from the same committee,
reported back the bill (H._ R. No. 1692) for
the relief of Mary Petrie, widow of George C.
Petrie, late a private seventeenth Michigan
infantry volunteers, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be referred to
the Comqaittee on Invalid Pensions.
| The motion was agreed to.
; ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. LOGAN also, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following joint reso-
i lotion and petitions ; and the same were sever-
! ally laid on the table:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 97) permitting
. Army and Navy officers who are on the retired
list to hold civil offices;
Petition for the relief of Brevet Major Gen-
eral Robert Anderson from three hundred and
fifty citizens of New York and its vicinity, with
accompanying papers; and
Petition of John Q. Adams for pay as sig-
nal officer, be having served as such without a
commission.
* dropped from *he rolls.
Mr. LOGAN also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the joint resolution (S. R, No. 84)
authorizing the President to drop from the rolls
of the Army the names of certain officers.
• The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the President to drop from the rolls of the
Army, W. Barnbart, first lieutenant fourth cav-
alry, and W. J. Patterson, first lieutenant fifth
artillery.
Mr. LOGAN, There, is a communication
from the War Department with reference to
this bill which may be read if any gentleman
Hpoi ppo it
Mr. KELSEY. Let it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department,
Washihotok, December 6,1869.
Sib: I hare the honor to forward for tba inform-
ation of Congress a list of officers of the United States
Army who arc absent from their commands with-
out authority, and concerning the present address of
whom no information can be obtained. Under the
actof Congress of July 13,1866, section five, "nooffi-
cer of the military or naval service can be dismissed
in time of'peaee except upon and in pursuance of
the sentence of a court-martial to that effect."
As the officers mentioned in this report cannot be
apprehended and brought to trial for their offense,
it i3 respectfully recommended that by a resolu-
tion of Congress the Secretary of War be directed
to drop them from the rolls of the Army. The gen-
eral resolution introduced at the first session of the
Fprty-First Congress, authorizing; the President to
drop officers of the Army from the. rolls who absented
themselves from their commaadi without authority
for more than three month#, does not appear to have
passed.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient sorvant,
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Hon. hekry Wii,so ,
Chairman Military Committee, U. & Senate.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also mOv«d that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The letter motion was agreed to.
TO.SO&DIB^a,
Mr. LOGAN also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the joint resolution (S. R. No. 128)
authorizing the issue of' clothing to certain
enlisted men of the fourteenth regiment of
infantry.
The joint resolution was read. It is aB au-
thority ta the Secretary of War to issue clothing
in lieu of and equal in value to that lost by
those enlisted men of the fourteenth regiment
of infantry whose quarters in Ash barracks,
Nashville, Tennessee, were destroyed by fire on
the night of the 4th of December, 1869.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADYOHSB REPORTS.
Mr. LOGAN also, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following bills and
petitions; and the same were severally laid on
the table:
Petition of S. P. Storey, first lieutenant
United States Army, for a joint resolution
authorizing promotion by the President;
Bill (H. K. No. 735) to pay the national
guards in the State of Tennessee, called into
service by Major General A. E. Burnside;
Bill (H. R. No. 1468) to place the Trumbull
guards, a company of Ohio volunteers, on the
same footing as other volunteer soldiers; and
Petition of certain of the men of Captain
Goldmon Benjamin's company, asking for a
proper construction of the act of March 1,
1869.
george d. kayn1e.
Mr. LOGAN also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. II. No. 1891) for the relief
of George C. Haynie ; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Paymaster
i General of the Array to pay to George C.
j Haynie, late captain of company A, second
' regiment North Carolina mounted infantry,
out of any money appropriated for the pay of
the Army, the fuH pay and allowances of a
captain of infantry for stagh time as. he shall
make satisfactory proof that he actually served
as a captain or was a prisoner in the bands of
i the rebels after having been appointed aud
entered upon his duty as such captain.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider- the vote
by whjch the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider he laid-on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
. 6HENVin. 14 M. DODGE ASD OTBUR8.
Mr. LOGAN, froth the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1892) making an
appropriation to satisfy a judgment obtained
against Grenvjlle M. Dodge, late an officer of
the United States, and others, fos acts done by
them in the Une of their duty; which was read
a first and second time.
i The question was upon ordering the bill to
i be.engrossed and. react a thjr4 time..
| The bill was read. It appropriates $5,000,
or as much thereof as may bo necessary, to
l enable the Secretary of War to satisfy a judg-
! ment obtained against Grenville M. Dodge,
late an officer of the United States, and others,
i for acts done by them in the line of their duty
I under orders from their superior officers, and
to defray the costs of defending. the suits at
law in which such judgments were recovered.
•Mr. D-4WEJS. J would ask the gentleman
from Illinois if he has considered the effect of
, the passage of this bill in multiplying such
| suits?
Mr, LOGAN. 1 will ask to have the letter
. of the Secretary of War read.
i The Clerk read as follows:
Wajb, Departueht, April 13,'1870.
! The Secretary of War has the honor to report to
j the House of Representatives that in the year 1865
Major General Grenville M. Dodge, United States
1 volunteers, then in command of the United States
