1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2153
the main question, when there is a reasonably
full House, than to delay the matter until this
evening when there will be but a slim attend-
ance of members. Or if there is a disposi-
tion to debate this bill this evening, then let
the debate go on and call the previous question
in the morning.
The SPEAKER. This bill and the tariff
bill are antagonistic measures, so far as ob-
taining the consideration of the House is con-
cerned. Should this bill go over until after
the morning hour to-morrow, without the pre-
vious question being seconded and the main
question ordered upon it, it will consume all
day to-morrow, in all probability, as members
must see,
Mr. CULLOM. Could it not be ordered
that it shall corae up to-morrow immediately
after the readingof the Journal, and that I shall
then call the previous question upon it?
Tho SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
that might be ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object. 1 hope the gen-
tleman will make the bill the business for to-
night, and that we shall go on with it regularly.
Mr. CULLOM. I have no objection to going
on with the bill to-night.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And let it bo
understood that no other business shall bo in
order.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to accommodate
the House, but gentlemen seem to disagree as
to what tlioy want.
The SPEAKER. The bill is u special
order after the morning hour from day to day
until disposed of.
Mr. ALLISON. With tho consent of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ouu.om] I will
move that tho House now tuko a recess till this
evening at half past seven o'clock.
Mr. KCI1ENCK. I wish to put an inquiry to
the Chair. If tho motion for a recess should
prevail will not this bill be continued us a
matter of course V
Tho SPEAKER. If the House now lakes
a rccess this bill will, of course, be the pend-
ing business at the evening session.
Mr. CULLOM. With the consent. of the
gentleman from Utah, [Mr. IIooiMii:, ] who is
entitled to tin? floor, I will yield to my col-
league, [Mr. IjOuan,] (hat he may present a
privileged report, and then I will move a recess.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. 1 would like to
go on with my speech now rather than by gas-
light, to-night.
Mr. OULLO.M. I have no objection.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, proceeded to ad-
dress the Houh<', but. without concluding his
remarks (which will be published in the Ap-
pendix wiien he concludes) he yielded to
Mr. WOOD, who moved that the Hom.o
adjourn.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 hope that motion will
not bo agreed to.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at half past
four o'clock p. m.) tho House adjourned.
PETITIONS, KTC.
The following petitions, &c., wore presented
under the rule, and referred to tho appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUCK: A petition for tho relief
of Zcphcrin Beaudrcaux, with accompanying
papers.
By Mr. CALKIN : A petition of merchants
of New York city, for tho importation of pig-
lead free of duty.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: Thepetition of John
G. Richardson and ISO others, ship-masters
and ship-owners of Oswego, New York, for
a light-house near Thirty-Mile point, on Lake
Ontario.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Thomas
Thompson, jr., and 582 others, bank clerks
of the city of New York, praying for tho re-
peal of the income tax as oppressive to those
living on fixed incomes, and no longer de-
manded by tho financial needs of the country*
Also, the petition of E. H. Hunger and 2G0
others, citizens of Ohio, asking that $50,000 be
allowed Wilberforce University out of the fund
appropriated by Congress for the education of
freedmen.
Also, the petition of George W. Meeker
and 187 others, citizens of Ohio, for the same."
Also, the petition of B. F. Clark and 99
others, citizens of Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of J. H. Little and 16
others, citizens of Ohio, for tho same.
Also, the petition of William Pope Dabney,
of Powhatan county, Virginia, for the removal
'of his disabilities.
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of James D.
Brewer and others, of Springfield, Massachu-
setts, for free lead.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of
Eleanor P. Ringer, widow of Lieutenant John
P. liingcr, of company C, seventh regiment,
third brigade, quartermaster's forces at Nash-
ville, Tennessee, for a pension.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of sundry residents of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, engaged in the manufacture of lead,
that pig-lead may be imported free of duty.
By Mr. KliLSEY : Two petitions of citizens
of Lo Roy, New York, for a law allowing tho
importation of pig-load free of duty.
I3y Mr. LOGAN : A petition of citizens of
Illinois, asking an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States.
By Mr. MORGAN: 'The memorial of W.
Burns, soldier of tho war of 1812.
By Sir. READING: A petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, 1 \mnsylvauia, manufacturers
of steel, asking Congress to fix the duties on
steel at tho rates recommended by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of D. D. Sublet t,
asking to be relieved from political disabilities
imposed by section three, article fourteen,
amendment to the Constitution.
By Mr. ROGEUS : Tho petition of Samuel
M. McGeheo and John M. Nally, of Jefferson
county, Arkansas, for removal of disabilities.
By Mr.TANNER: Tho petition ol'S. C. Bull
and others, of Whitehall, New York, for repeal
of duty on pig-lead.
By Mr. TILLMAN : A petition of citizens
of Attala and Leake eouuties, Mississippi, ask-
ing the establishment of a post route and post
oliieo.
By Mr. WOODWARD; A petition of 170
citizens of .leatisviile, Luzerne county, Penn-
sylvania, against any change in the tariff laws,
and praying fur a reduction of tho duty on tea,
coffee, &e., and such readjustment of duty on
homo manufactures as will protect domestic
industry.
Also, a petition of ;il!8 employes of (J. li.
Murkiest Co., of .leddo, Pennsylvania, of a
similar import.
Also, a petition of ;!88 miners aud laborers
employed by II. Pardee, at Hazlcton, Luzerne
county, Pennsylvania, of a similar import.
Also, a petition of 830 citizens of Harburg,
Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, of a similar
import.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 23, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
Tho Journal Of yesterday was read aud
approved.
PETITIONS AND MUMOHIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of tho Legislature of Virginia, in favor
of an appropriation io secure the early com-
pletion of the line of water communication
between the valley of the Mississippi and the
Atlautio ocean by connecting the waters of the
James aud tho Greenbrier, and for improving
the Greenbrier, New, and Kanawha rivers';
which wcro referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Hfe also presented a memorial Of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, in favor of the enactment of a law author-
izing the organization of two volunteer regi-
ments of cavalry in that Territory for defense
against the Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Maine, in favor of
the passage of the bill (S. No. 424) for the
preservation of the harbors of the United
States against encroachments; and also rep-
resenting that tho importance of the question
to the commerce and business of the State of
Maine renders it desirable that a proper tri-
bunal be appointed by the authority of Congress
to define the boundaries of the principal harbors
of the United States and to prescribe the limits
beyond which 110 encroachment shall be made
or structure erected to the injury of any har-
bor within tho limits of the State; which was
ordered to lie on tho table, and be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of
General W. S. Rosecrans, in which he repre-
sents that while minister of the United States
in Mexico he became acquainted particularly
with the resources of that great country and
also with its necessities, especially in the way
of telegraphs, of railroads, and of means of
transportation; and on his return to his own
country he was filled with a desire of doing
something to promote those great interests in
a neighboring and friendly republic; that he
accordingly now appeals to Congress and asks
for incorporation as a body politic and cor-
porate for tho purpose of raising capital and
transacting business not inconsistent with the
laws of the United States or international law
in order to promote these great interests. 1
present this memorial and move its reference
to the Committc'e on Foreign Relations.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. 1 present a petition signed by
nine hundred and thirty-eight citizens of Penn-
sylvania, in favor of amending the Constitution
so as to acknowledge Almighty God as the source
of all authority and power in civil government,
the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler among the
nations, and His revealed will as the supreme
authority. I move its reference to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER, presented tho petition of
R. S. M. Hunter, of Alabama, praying for
compensation for distinguished services of a
secret character rendered the United States
Army under General Sherman while marching
from Atlanta to Savannah, in 1SG1 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
John Williams, Norfolk, Virginia; of Cyrus A.
liam 11. Laws, Henrico county, Virginia; of
James E. Milhgaii, Norfolk, Virginia; of J. A.
Walker, Pulaski county, Virginia; of W. W.
Berkeley, Washington county, Virginia, praving
for the removal of their political disabilities';
which were referred to the select Committee
on tho Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
James A,^ Clarke, of Manchester, Chesterfield
county, Virginia; praying the removal of his
political disabilities; which was referred to the
selectCommittee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of Hon.
A- W- Fourgee, judge of the seventh judicial
district of North Carolina, praying for tho
removal of the political disabilities of Thomas
M. Owen, of the county of Guilford, North
Carolina; which # ,s referred to tho select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabih
ties.
Mr. PATTERSON jfnafentwl & petition of
