1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
forced upon the country by tho disunionists of the
southern States now in revolt against tho constitu-
tional Government and in arras around tho capital;
that in this national emergency. Congress, banish-
ing all feeling of inero passion or re'sentment, will
recolleot only its duty to the wholo country; that
this war is not prosecuted upon our part in any
spirit of oppression, nor for any purpose of conquest
or subjugation.nor purpose of overthrowing or inter-
fering with the rights or established institutions of
those States, but to defend and maintain the suprem-
acy of the Constitution and all laws made in pursu-
ance thereof, and to preserve the Union with all the
dignity, equality, and rights of the several States
unimpaired; that as soon as these objects are accom-
plished tho war ought to cease."
This resolution is pointless or deceptive if j
it does not mean what I have attributed to it.
The acts of secession were acted upon by j
the people in their primary and sovereign
capacity, and received the highest sanction of
which they were capable; and if the Union was
dissolable by peaceful means, they must have
effected it; but Congress thought it indissolu-
ble except by successful revolution, and prose-
cuted the war to preserve it. The original
Union, formed by our fathers and cemented
by the Constitution, was a Union of sovereign
States, of equal representation in the Senate,
and, in the event of the election of President
being carried to the House of Representatives,
of equal weight in that election. It was a Union
of equals, with rights reserved and constitu-
tional guarantees of equal force and effect for
all. No Union could have been formed of any
other character. It existed for all constitu-
tional objects and purposes. It is now but a
quasi Union, if I understand the past and
proposed legislation of Congress; not a ' 'per-
fect Union," which the preamble to the Con-
stitution declared it to be the purpose of the
framers of that instrument to establish, but a
partial, imperfect Union—a Union of Bome
of the parts and a disunion of others. If it is
indissoluble, it is indivisible for any purpose.
Did not the Constitution, the supreme law,
extend over every part of the country and oper-
ate with all its energy in every State? Was
it not coextensive with the country? When
a new State is admitted, do not its principles
immediately attach and spread over that State
by its own intrinsic vigor and capacity ? How
can we pass law3 which enervate, impair, and
limit the operations of the Constitution ? How
can we say that for certain purposes a State is
in the Union, and for certain other purposes
she is not in the Union. Where do you get
your power to lay direct taxes but from the
Constitution? You have levied taxes npon
the seceding States as you have upon the non-
seceding. The first article of the Constitu-
• tion declares that " Representatives and direct
taxes shall be apportioned among the several
States which may be included in this Union;"
a Union present, existing, and continuing;
"this Union'' of equality and right and digni ty.
No other Union ever did or can legally exist.
You have established circuit courts and sent
your judges to hold them in the South as in
the North. These are recognitions of them as
States, and bo you have named them. But
you have sanctioned a proceeding of immense
magnitude—the dismemberment of a State,
the division of Virginia, and the making of two
States from the same territory. The third sec-
tion of the fourth article of the Constitution
reads:
"New States may be admitted by the Congress
into this Union; but no new State snail b© formed
or erected within the jurisdiction of any other State,
nor any State be formed by the junction of two or
more States or parts of States, without the consent
of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well
as of the Congress."
One of the highest exercises of sovereignty
by a State is to part with its territory and cit-
izens) to dismember itself, and be thus shorn
of a part of its political power, its revenues,
resources, and weight in the councils of the
nation. Congress has sanctioned the creation
ofWest Virginia carved out of Virginia proper.
This act not only affects Virginia but the
whole Union. It adds a representation in the
House and in the Senate, and in that propor-
tion lessens the influence and relative weight
of the other States. It extends the Constitu-
tion and the Union over another State. If
Virginia was not a State in the Union how
could she exert a power so great and moment-
ous? Could she add another State to the
Union while she herself was out of it? Can
the child, the bautling, rise up in its ingrati-
tude and deny to the parent the rights and
privileges under the Constitution which the
act of the parent conferred upon its offspring ?
Is it not an anomaly ? Virginia was declared
to be subject to military law, and all her inter-
ests made to depend upon some military offi-
cer and his troops. Was this the object of the
creation of West Virginia? Either Virginia
was in the Union or West Virginia is illegiti-
mate ? Shall we by our legislation thus stig-
matize both the parent and the child ?
But this view is not only fortified, but elab-
orated and defined by the Supreme Court of
the United States, in the case of Texas against
White, to be found in 7 Wallace's Reports. A
brief history of the case is as follows:
In 1851 the United States issued its bonds,
five thousand, for $1,000 each, to the State of
Texas in arrangement of certain boundary
claims made by that State. They were payable
to bearer, with five per cent, interest, and
redeemable after the 31st December, 1864.
Most of the bonds were indorsed and sold
according to law, and paid on presentation to
the United States prior to 1860. Texas went
into secession, ana afterward her Legislature
passed a law to provide funds for military pur-
poses, and directed the bonds in her treasury
to be disposed of for the defense of the State.
One hundred and thirty-five of these bonds were
sold to White & Chiles, who were to deliver
therefor cotton-cards and medicines. Texas
ceased her opposition to the Government in
1865, and a new State government was estab-
lished, republican in form, under the procla-
mation of President Johnson, and by its agents
requested the Government of the United States
not to pay the bonds. A bill was filed in the
Supreme Court by the State of Texas, praying
an injunction against the holders, against their
receiving payment, and that the bonds might
be redelivered to the State. The relief was
granted by the court. _ , ,
In the opinion delivered by Chief Justice
Chase several important points were decided.
The first was, had Texas a status in court, and
could she, a State not yet readmitted into the
Union, have such a standing as to entitle her
to the relief asked? In considering this sub-
ject the court first declared what constituted a
State, and though the term is used in different
senses, yet when applied to a State of our
country they said:
"In the Constitution the tenn State most fre-
quently expresses the combined idea of people, ter-
ritory, and government. In the ordinary sense of
the Constitution it is a political community of free
citizens occupying a territory of defined boundaries
and organized under a government sanctioned and
limited by a written constitution, and established by
the content of the governed."
Having thus defined a State, they next con-
sidered what was the Union of the States, and
said that—
*' It began among the colonies and grew out of
common origin, mutual sympathies, kindred princi-
ples, similar interests, and geographical relations;
it was confirmed and strengthened by the necessi-
ties of war, and received definite form andoharaoter
and sanction from the Articles of Confederation. iJy
these the Union was solemnly declared to be per-
petual, and when these articles were found to be
inadequate to the exigencies of the country, the Con-
stitution was ordained * to form a moro perfect
Union.'"
Having thus traced the origin and progress
of the Union, the court examined into its char-
acter and relations. They determined it to
be indissoluble, and declared:
"That the perpetuity and indissolubility of the
Union by no means implies the loss of distinct and
individual existence, or of the right of self-govern-
ment by the States. On the contrary, it may not be
unreasonably said that the preservation of the States
and tho maintenance of their governments are as
much within the design and care of the Constitution
as the preservation of the Union and tho mainte-
nance of the national Government. The Constitu-
tion, in all its provisions, looks to an indestructible
Union composed of indestructible States."
***********
" When Texas becameone of theUnitcdStatesshe
entered into an indissoluble relation. The Union
between Texas and tho other States was as complete,
as perpetual, and as indissoluble as the Union be-
tween the original States. Considered as transactions
under tho Constitution, the ordinance of secession
adopted by tho convention and ratified by a majority
of the citizens of Texas, and all the acts of her Legis-
lature intended to give effect to the ordinance, wero
absolutely null; they wero utterly without operation
in law. The State did not cease to be a State, nor
her citizens to be citizens of the Union."
This opinion of the Supreme Court is in
accord with Mr. Webster, and in consonance
with the writings of the fathers of the Con-
stitution, that the acts of secession could not
dissolve the Union and were null; that although
they assumed the most solemn form and were
predicated of the will of a majority, yet they
did not absolve the citizens from their obliga-
tions to the Union nor materially affect their
relations to it. If such ordinances did not affect
the relation of the citizen or the State to the
Government acts of war, unsuccessful, could
not; if the Union was inviolate, an attempt to
break it could not essentially affect its char-
acter.
The idea of force to maintain the inviolability
of the Union was entertained by those who
framed the Constitution, and it was enunciated
by Alexander Hamilton in the twenty-eighth
number of the Federalist. He said :
"Should such emergencies at any time happen
under the national Government there could be no
remedy but force. The means to be employed must
be apportioned to the extent of the mischief. If it
should be a slight commotion in a small part of a
State the militia of the residue would be adequate
to its suppression." *, *,*,.* If. on the
contrary, the insurrection should prove a whole
State, or a principal part of it, the employment of a
different kind of force might become unavoidable.
But in no view of that distinguished man, or
Mr. Madison, equally or more illustrious, or
of their compeers in the great work of consti-
tutional government, was it whispered that the
unsuccessful resistance to the Government by
arms by a State would work any change of
relation to the Government of the Union, or
justify any military measure against it after the
insurrection was ended. I do not think it
hazardous to say that if such an opinion had
been expressed by any writer of the Federalist,
or by any other of eminence or position at that
day, that the Constitntion never would have
been absented to and adopted.
I presume that the friends of this bill and of
former military measures are unwilling to aver
that the Union was dissolved by secession and
war, but that the relation of the seceding
States to the Government has been changed.
President Johnson, by his proclamation, dated
20th August, 1866, after reciting that the insur-
rection in the several southern States had been
suppressed and terminated, declared :
"That such constituent States must n ecessarily be,
and by the Consiitution and laws of the United States
are, made equals, and placed upon a like footing as
to political rights, immunities, dignity, and power,
with the several States with which they are united,
And then goes on to proclaim to the people
of the United States—
" That the said insurrection is at an end, and that
peace, order, and tranquillity and civil authority now
exist in ana throughout the whole of the unitea
States of America."
Peace having been happily restored to every
section of the country, the transition to a re-
sumption of the former relations to the Gov-
ti eminent seemed to be easy and near, when the
' evil and turbulent spirit of party interposes
obstacles and measures which have huminatea
! the South, imposed unconstitutional _ pro'is
I ions, and coerced them into an admission in
I their constitutions of a principle of equality •
1 suffrage with an uneducated and different ra
"One passion prominent appears; thelnst of pow^er.
Which ofttimes took the fairer name ol
And hung the popular flag of freedom out.
Whatacontrasttothe magnanimity of Charles
I, who when he heard that John Hampden,
