4042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
of bad faith in thus taxing the income of these
bonds. In the act of June 30, 1864, directing
their issue, it was distinctly provided:
"And all bonds, Treasury notes, and other obliga-
tions of the United States shall be exempt from tax-
ation by or under State or municipal authority."
Leaving the right of the United States to
tax them for Federal purposes beyond all
question, and every holder of them so under-
stands it, and bought them with full knowl-
edge of the fact. Nor can any question of
our good faith be raised because they are held
by foreigners. "Without my amendments we
tax the interest on all other bonds held by
foreigners by this section, and no other coun-
try makes any discrimination in favor of for-
eigners who hold their bonds. England taxes
alike citizens and foreigners who hold her
consols and other obligations, and her good
faith has never been questioned because she
does so. Why should we, when our citizens
who hold her bonds are taxed, hesitate to tax
her citizens who hold ours? This House
refused to consider my proposition made some
time ago to impose a tax of ten per cent, on
the income of these bonds, no matter where
held; but it did in the Fortieth Congress pass
a resolution offered by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Cobb,] ordering the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to bring in a bill to
impose a tax of ten per cent, on the interest
paid on them. The committee failed to do
so. _ Now the proposition is fairly presented
to impose the same tax on the interest or
income derived from them as is imposed on
incomes derived from banks, railroads, and
other corporations; and I propose fairly to
test this House before the country and see
whether it means to equalize taxation and make
the holder of our bonds contribute something
toward bearing the burdens of the Govern-
ment. That is all that I desire to say on the
subject, as the House fully understands it.
Mr. ALLISON. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] I
think shows very clearly that this section eught
to bo considered with the other sections in re-
lation to incomes, and I supposed yesterday
that that was the understanding. I move now,
if it is in order, to strike out in lino two the
word "five" and insert "three," so as to
make the tax three per cent., and then I move
to strike ont the section, and I ask that this
section may be passed over and considered in
connection with the other sections in relation
to the income tax. The amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is pre-
cisely the same amendment that is pending to
some of the other sections relating to this in-
come tax. If the other amendments shall not
be adopted this amendment ought not to be
and probably would not be adopted to this
section.
Mr. BECK. None of the other sections pro-
vide the machinery for collecting the tax to
which my amendment relates.
Mr. ALLISON. If the other sections are
stricken out I see no reason why this section
should be retained. They are all of precisely
the same nature, relating to income, and should
be so considered.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to this
section being considered in connection with
the preceding sections relating to incomes,
amendments to be received to it to be voted
upon when the amendments to the other sec-
tions are voted upon?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Would that proposition
close debate on this section?
i he SPEAKER. It would; for if it is in-
cluded with the other sections it will be subject
to the conditions which apply to those sections.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I object; for I
think this section should bo open to more dis-
cussion than it has yet received.
Mr. CULLOM. I would suggest that the
object of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Alli-
son] would be attained by permitting amend-
ments to be offered to and discussion to con-
tinue upon this section to-night, with the un-
derstanding that no vote shall be taken upon
them until the other sections and amendments
'come to be voted on to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Cullom] as just stated by him?
Mr. KELSEY. I object to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] that he
could accomplish his object just as well by a
proviso to this section.
Mr. BECK. By no means.
Mr. HOLMAN. Would not an amendment
be in order in tlie form of a proviso to this
section ?
The SPEAKER. That would not be an
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Is not the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky subject to divis-
ion ? It seems to relate to general portions of
this section.
The SPEAKER. It is in parliamentary
form as a single amendment, and proposes to
impose a tax of five per cent, upon all interest
received upon the bonds of the Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I'would suggest that
the discussion upon the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky might be continued
to-night with the understanding that it shall
not be voted upon until to-morrow, and in ihe
mean time it can be printed.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
The SPEAKER. Debate upon the amend-
ment has been exhausted.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Beck ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 90, noes 65.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WILLARD said: I call for the yeas and
nays upon this amendment. It is a proposi-
tion to tax bonds that are held by persons liv-
ing abroad, and to that extent it is repudiation.
Mr. ALLISON. Inmy judgmentthisamend-
ment and the section to which it relates ought
to be considered in connection with the other
sections relating to the income tax, which have
been postponed until to-morrow. And in order
that it may go over till to-morrow, to be con-
sidered at the same time the other sections are
considered, Imovethat theHouse nowadjourn.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn; and upon a division there were—ayes
80, noes 73.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FOX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Allison' and
Mr. Fox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 89, noes 53.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and ten minutes p. m.}
the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. BENNETT: A petition from citi-
zens of Buffalo, asking for the abrogation of
legacy and succession taxes, &c.
By Mr. BIGGS: The petition of J. H. Rogers,
Elihu Jefferson, and others, citizens of New
Castle county, Delaware, praying for an appro-
priation of $5,000 for the repairs in the harbor
of New Castle. '
By Mr. BOYD : Petitions of citizens of
Peiree City, in the fourth congressional district
of Missouri, praying for mail route.
_ By Mr. CAKE : A petition, signed by 100
citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania,
protesting against any advance in the present
rate of tax on smoking tobacco, class sixteen
cents, as prohibitory toward the manufacture
and.sale of the great bulk of that kind of to-
bacco, and praying Congress to relieve the great
industrial interest they represent by the early
passage of a law establishing the uniform rate
of tax at sixteen cents per pound on all manu-
factured tobacco and snuff.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Mrs.
Sarah J. Rhea, of Jonesboro, Tennessee, in
behalf of her children, praying that they be
allowed the proceeds of certain cotton, in right
of their deceased father, Rev. Samuel A.. Rhea,
late missionary among the Nestorians in Persia,
where he died after the close of the war.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: Petition for the
establishment of a post route from Pomeroy,
via Hemlock Grove, Burlingham, Pratt's Fork,
Shade, to Athens in the State of Ohio.
By Mr. WITCHER : The petition of John
A. Bradly and others, citizens of Gilmer and
Braxton counties, West Virginia, for the estab
lishmentof a mail route from "Stump Store,"
in Gilmer county, to Braxton Conrt-House.
By Mr. WOODWARD: A petition of citi-
zens of Scranton, Pennsylvania, praying for
a uniform tax of sixteen cents per pound on
all manufactured tobacco and snuff.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 3, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Btjtler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT resumed the chair.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below :
The bill (H. R. No. 2108) relating to certain
counties of the western judicial district of Penn-
sylvania—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2109) to authorize the
settlement of the accounts of James McNutt—•
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 302) donat-
ing condemned ordnance for a soldiers' mon-
ument at Poughkeepsie, New York—to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
executive communication'.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in obedience to law, a list of clerks
and other persons employed in that Depart-
ment ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against the continuance of the inquisitorial
income tax; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of John
A. Hipkins, of Maryland, praying compensa-
tion for injuries sustained in consequence of
an illegal discharge from the service of the
United States : which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Lindsey Lester, of Floyd county, Virginia; of
Z. N. Gardner, Charles JohnsQn, Lewis Hor-
ton; and Isaac Fuller, of Russell county, Vir-
ginia, and of William H. Scrivener, of King
George county, Virginia, praying the removal
of their political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of A. A.Wil-
bor, of Charlotte county, Virginia ; of Hiram
McGinnis, of Amherst county, Virginia, and
of James Wilson, of Bedford county, Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabil-
ities imposed Hy the fourteenth amendment of
