1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3099
n*d a third time 5 *** b®>nK >' *M
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
major jonw vr. todd.
Mr. LOGAN reported, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, a bill (H. R. No. 1895)
for the relief of Major John W. Todd; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill authorises and directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment, in the settlement of the accounts of
Major John W. Todd, of the ordnance depart-
ment of the United States Army, to credit him
with the sum of $3,000, upon the production
of satisfactory proof that that amount was stolen
from him by a clerk assigned to duty under
him by competent authority, and that such loss
occurred to him through no fault or negligence
on the part of Todd.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would like to hear the
report in this case.
The report was read. It states that the evi-
dence so omitted shows that John W. Todd is
a major of ordnance; that in July, 1867, he
was in command at Baton Rouge, Louisiana,
and had in his service a soldier named Samuel
W. Kent, who had been detailed as clerk and
assigned to him for such duty by orders from
the district headquarters at 2? ew Orleans; that
being on court-martial duty, and unpble to
leave Baton Rouge, he sent Kent to New Or-
leans with a check on the Assistant Treasurer
at that place for $8,000, which funds were re-
3aired to pay the employes at the arsenal;
tat Kent arew the money and absconded with
it; that Todd made great efforts to secure the
apprehension of Kent, and subjected himself
to considerable expense for that purpose, but
that he has not yet been found. In view of
the fact that Kent was not employed by Todd,
but was detailed for duty with him as clerk by
orders from the commanding officer of the dis-
trict, the committee believe Todd ought not
to be held responsible for the loss occasioned
by the dishonesty of Kent.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I believe
that this subject has been before the Commit-
tee of Claims. I am not certain but that the
very same case has been before that commit-
tee. I submit to the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Loo ax] that it certainly does not appear
clearly that it was proper for Major Todd to
intrust so large an amount of money, $3,000,
to the hands of an entirely irresponsible party.
Mr. LOGAN. This bill was assigned by the
committee to the gentleman from New York,
{Mr. Slocom,] to be reported by him. I know
nothing more about the case than appears in \
the report. There is no doubt that the case
presents a claim; but whether this or a similar 1
case has been before the Committee of Claims
I do not know. I have no objection to the
reference of the bill to that committee. I am ;
satisfied, however, that the claim ought to be ;
paid. ^ But we have no desire to usurp the
authority of any other committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
move the reference of the bill to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Mr. MAYNARD. Oh, I hope it will not be
referred.
^r- PAINE. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee whether the detail of
this clerk was make by the district commander
'compliance with a request of the ordnance
officer, designati ng that particular person. That
is usual in such cases. If the ordnance officer
applied for the detail of this particular clerk,
the case wonld be a very different one from
that which would be presented if the detail was
made without the officer's application. If he
•elected the clerk, he ought to be held respons-
ible for his conduct.
Mr. LOGAN. The papers show that the
'j appointment of the clerk was made without
the application of Mujor Todd, who was unac-
quainted with Kent, and did not select him for
detail. This was oue of our reasons for report-
ing the bill. Although the bill may appear to
come from an inappropriate committee, yet I
am pretty well satisfied that if the Committee
of Claims should examine the case they would
be in favor of the bill. A reference, however,
to the Committee of Claims would doubtless
have the effect of throwing the bill over to
another session. I prefer that it should be
passed at once; but if the gentleman from
Indiana insists, I will consent to its reference
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. As the report is quite brief,
I ask that it be again read, for I could not hear
t it distinctly before in consequence of the con-
fusion prevailing in the Hall.
The report was again read.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 presume the gentleman is
now satisfied, from the reading of the report,
that the claim ought to be paid.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not inclined to make
the motion for reference. Perhaps the gen-
tleman from Illinois will make it.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to make the
motion, because I am satisfied this man ought
to be reimbursed. If the Committee of Claims
desire to investigate the case, as it properly
belongs to them, I do not object. I am satis-
| fied tuey will come to the same conclusion we
; have. I prefer, however, that the bill should
i be passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. The reason why I wish
to have it referred to the Commitee of Claims
is, that committee have the question under con-
sideration. I do not know what conclusion has
been reached. The question is whether this
major who intrusted so considerable an amount
of money in the hands of a subordinate officer
could not have rendered the custody of the
money more secure thau he did. It is important
that a public officer having charge of public
funds should be held to a severe accountability.
Mr. LOGAN. There was nothing unusual in
this. The suggestion of the gentleman from i
Wisconsin [MrT Paink] shows that this officer I
should not be held responsible. This man was ;
detailed to him without his application. There
is nothing unusual in it. The detail being
made to him he reposed confidence in this man.
He did not ask that the man should be detailed
to him. We thonght it was a case where reim-
bursement should be made.
Mr. HOLMAN. Could lie not have resorted
to some securer mode ? :
Mr. LOGAN. After the money was stolen
I suppose he could have suggested a way by
which its loss could have been prevented.
When a man has had his pocket picked he
could say that if he had not taken the money
with him he would not have lost it. I hope
the bill will be passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is the evidence con-
clusive?
Mr. LOGAN. The evidence sustains the
report in every particular.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems tome that
it makes no difference which committee has
charge of it.
Mr. LOGAN. The evidence is voluminous
and fully sustains the report.
The bill was again read.
Mr. PAINE. The bill sets forth this credit
shall be allowed on satisfactory proof that this
money was stolen by a clerk detailed to him.
Has the gentleman any objection to insert the
words "without his application or request?"
Mr. LOGAN. I do not see any necessity
for the amendment. The bill provides that the
accounting officers of the Treasury shall not pay
unless he produces evidence that the loss was
occasioned by no neglect on his part. I do not
see any necessity for the amendment. I call
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr.LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid 011 tlio
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bbttlbmknt of officers' accounts.
Mr. LOGAN, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 784, to authorize
the settlement of the accounts of officers of
the Army, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, in
the settlement of the accounts of disbursing
officers of the War Department, arising since
[ the commencement of the rebellion aud prior
to the 20th of August, 1866, to allow such
credits for overpayments and for losses of
funds, vouchers, and property as they may
deem just and reasonable, when recommended
under authority of the Secretary of War by
the head of the military bureau to which such
accounts respectively pertain. The second sec-
tion provides that the accounts of military offi-
cers, whether of the line or staff, for Govern-
ment property charged to them, may be closed
by the proper accounting officers whenever in
1 their judgment it will be in the interest of the
United States so to do, provided that such
accounts originated prior to the 20th of August,
1866.
Mr. LOGAN. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill, as amended, was ordered
( to be engrossed and read a third time; and
i being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william a. howard.
Mr. LOGAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1896) for the
relief of William A. Howard; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Pay-
master General of the Army to pay to William
A. Howard, late colonel of the regiment of
marine artillery, ontofany money appropriated
for the pay of the Army, the full pay and allow-
ances of a colonel of artillery from the 1st day
of September, 1861, to the 29th day of May,
1862.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the report be
read.
The report was read.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr.^LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee from Indiana, [Mr.PACKABD.]
a. stringer.
Mr. PACKARD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported adversely on the
petition of A. Stringer, private, &c., (detailed
as clerk,) for arrears of pay and remuneration
for money actually expended for the United
States Government while in the service; and
the same was laid on the table.
james lindsay.
Mr. PACKARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. 11. No. 199)
for the relief of James Lindsay.
