1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4987
made by the Senator awhile ago, that he was
in favor of dealing with the tariff as a whole,
is the argument he made the other day, and it
is just as good against the whole bill as it is
against this particular item, and, I take it, is
not good against anything.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, there is
one thing certain, and that is that if this busi-
ness of flax-growing is going to languish it
has not done so yet. I find that it was stated
in_a debate three years ago, unchallenged on
this floor, that a great deal of the flaxseed, the
greater part of the seed raised here, is exported
from the United States, and that the Irish flax
is grown every year from American seed, and
that has been the case for years. Surely there
is no danger of languishing in that.
There is a name which I think will carry
some weight with Senators on this floor upon
all matters connected with the things whereof
he spoke. I find that Mr. Fessenden consid-
ered this question, and I propose to read to
the Senate some remarks of his on this very
item, and not only on this very item, but as
affecting in a greater degree the principles on
which a tariff law should be framed. I am
happy to find that, without knowing the fact,
my mind has been following his, at a distance,
to be sure; but it is a great satisfaction to me
to find the concurrence of a man so able as he
was. He said in this body on the 24th of Jan-
uary, 1807—I read from the Congressional
Globe for the second session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, page TOG:
" All admit—tliere is not a pretense to the con-
trary, because I questioned the gentleman who ap-
peared there before the committee on the subject—
that the business is flourishing at the West, both of
growing seed and manufacturing oil at the present
day. He would like to have more protection, and so
would they all. It proves what I said yesterday, and
is one illustration of it, that you cannot leave the
framing of a, taritf to the manufacturers alone; it is
out of the question. I know that every Senator feels
under obligation to make an effort, at any rate, to
express the views and carry the points of a largo in-
terest in his own section of the country; but after all
it is for the Senate to consider whether thero is any
suchjuiffering as calls for anything of the kind.
"Kow, sir, the hundred vessels engaged in the
India trade, bring more or less of the India seed. It
makes a little more oil, I am told, to the bushel than
the western seed—about one pint; where one makes
two gallons the other makes two gallons and a pint.
The difference is not very great, at any rate. I think
the advantage ol having thesced grown at your own
door and bought as you wish to get it, is sufficient to
counterbalance that.
"I have stated the views which the committee
entertain. They looked at this matter with a great
deal of care. They heard testimony upon it. They
waited several days before deciding upon it in order
that a gentleman who wished to be heard might
come before them, to whom I have alluded, and he
failed to convince the committee by any statement
of fact. He soemed to bo very frank and honorable
in admitting what was true as to the state of facts.
But taking what he stated, the result was on the
mind of the committeo as I have said; and with the
yielding of tho point, which the manufacturers on
the sea-coast very strenuously objected to as very
injurious to them, of the drawback upon the cake,
we thought that the matter was left in a fair condi-
tion."
Sir, the conclusion of Mr. Fessenden, after
a very careful examination, and I need not
say, as he made it, an intelligent examination,
was that this interest was sufficiently protected
at that time, and there is no more reason for
ebanging the law now than there was then.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to know on what
exact proposition we are to vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on striking out lines two hundred and
eighty-three, two hundred and eighty-four, and
two hundred and eighty-five. That is the point
now before the Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not think that par-
ticular proposition amounts to much one way
or the other. The duty already amounts to a
prohibitory duty. We imported about seventy
thousand gallons. The old duty was twenty-
five cents a gallon. This is imported at a val-
uation of about fifty-seven and a half cents, so
that the duly is forty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SHERMAN. On tho seed ?
Mr. FOWLER. No, the oil; that is what
we are voting upon, I think the old duty is
sufficient on this article, as it amounts to forty
per cent. If it js of any value it amounts
almost to prohibition.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Indiana
made some remarks upon the propriety of
protecting the agricultural product of linseed.
That is not the question now on the amend-
ment under consideration. The amendment
under consideration simply relates to the duty
on oil, and is a protection to the manufacturer;
it has no effect whatsoever on the farmer.
Mr. SHERMAN. The two'go together.
The one follows the other.
Mr. THURMAN. Not necessarily. Whether
this duty on oil shall he twenty-two cents, or
thirty cents, or fifty cents, is immaterial to the
farmer.
Mr. MORTON. May I ask the Senator a
question?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. If the duty on oil is so low
that we cannot import our oils from abroad,
of course the farmer cannot sell his seed here
to make the oil here. It occurs to me that
the farmer is interested in it directly.
Mr. THURMAN. I think it would be very
easy to show that that is not the case. If the
Senator will look to the returns of the imports
he will see that the fanner cannot be interested
in this, and the manufacturer of oil notagreat
deal. The importation oflinseed oil last year
was one hundred and twenty-three thousand
and fifteen gallons ; in value, $70,000. That
was all of it.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me one word, as I
have paid some attention to this subject, and
desire to have the Senate understand it. I
will stale that now the duty on seed is sixteen
cents a bushel, and there is a drawback of five
and a half cents a pound allowed on oil cake,
and it is found in practice that they can import
the seed and then reexport the cake, and that
the drawback which they get on the cake will
a little more than pay the duty on the seed.
In that state of facts it is cheaper to import
the seed, and they import the seed in immense
quantities; but if we change the thing in regard
to the seed, it becomes necessary to change it
in regard to the oil, because the thing will just
turn around the other way then, and they will
import the oil.
Mr. THURMAN. What I was saying is
that the whole importation of linseed oil for
the year only amounted in value to $70,048.
Surely it cannot be necessary to destroy that
little article of importation for the protection
of the oil manufacturers in the United States.
When we come to the question of striking out
linseed and flaxseed, that is another question.
It is very true that the duties on agricultural
products are much lower than the duties on
manufacture, duties almost without exception
throughout the tariff. That is in part owing
to a necessity. You put a duty on wheat. It
does not benefit the farmer, because there is i
no wheat imported, although I recollect that i
once there was some wheat imported here from \
England, but it was an exceptional case. To ]
tax Indian corn does not benefit the farmer, 1
because there is no Indian corn imported into
the country; and so with almost every agricul-
tural product, the duty levied on it cannot
benefit the farmer; and it is for the very rea- \
son that the farmer has no production that can j
be protected by a protective tariff that pro-
tective tariffs are so injurious to the fanner
and so unjust to liim.
If we are to begin raising the duties on one
article why are we not to raise them on others?
I thought thai we were to cut down duties; that j
that was the idea. Now, instead of attempting 1
to raise the duty on agricultural products up
to the rate of duty on manufactured articles,
my idea is to cut down the duty on manufac-
tured articles to something like the duty on
agricultural products. You are going in the j
wrong way when you undertake to raise these :
duties; and although flaxseed or linseed is a j
product of Ohio, and in some parts of it to a ;
very considerable amount, yet I am willing to
go before my constituents and tell them "ldid
not vote to raise the duty on linseed or flaxseed,
for my theory is not to raise the duty on those
products, but to cut down the duty on manu-
factured articles to something like the protec-
tion you enjoy;" and therefore I shall vote
with the committee to strike out each one of
these clauses.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye in
the chair.) The Chair desires to understand
what the agreement of the Senate was as to
limiting debate; whether a Senator is entitled
to speak five minutes each time he gets up, or
whether he is confined to five minutes' debate
on any amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN and others. Five minutes
on any amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe I only occupied
about two minutes of my time before, and now
I will occupy the other three minutes.
I wish the Senate to understand exactly the
position of this question. You must remem-
ber that three years ago, when the discussion
referred to by the Senator from Delaware took
place, gold was forty per cent, premium, and
the farmers had the benefit of that protection.
Forty per cent, upon the twenty-three cents,
the duty then existing, was about nine cents,
which was to be added to the twenty-three
cents, making thirty-two cents in currency.
Now we are approaching gold values, and we
have only eleven per cent, protection, or abo«t
that in the premium on gold, so that if you
adopt the clause now proposed by the House
bill, leaving it as it stands, it only amounts to
sixteen cents upon linseed. Add to that forty
per cent., and it would make twenty-two
and forty-one hundredths cents protection.
Now we are approaching gold prices ; conse-
quently when it is down to twenty cents they
will have less protection than they had three
years ago. We are approaching specie pay-
ments, and when we return to them the pro-
tection will be only twenty cents where it was
twenty-two cents three years ago. For this
reason it is necessary to make some provision
to protect the farmers ; otherwise they will
have to stop the raising of this seed, and it
will all have to be imported.
_ ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. What is to be stricken
out ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Lines two
hundred and eighty-three, two hundred and
eighty-four, and two hundred and eighty-five,
in these words;
On oil made of linseed or flaxseed, thirty cents
per gallon, seven pounds and a half of weight to be
estimated as a gallon.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that, we are asking to have
this retained in the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS, it increases tho tariff on
flaxseed oil.
'The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cnsserly, Conk-
ling, Davis, lidmunds, I'enton, Ferry, Uilbert, Ham-
ilton of MaiyKvnd, Harlan, Johnston, McOreery,
Spencer, Sprague, Stockton. Thurinan.Vickers, and
Williams-—19.
— Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Colo, Corbett, Drake, Hamlin, Harris
Howard,Howell, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, llice, liobertson. Boss, Seott. Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, "Willey, and "Wilson—2t>.
ABSENT— Messrs. Ames, Boreman. Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cattell, Cragin, Flanagan, l'owler,
Hamilton of Te;ias, Howe, lvellogi?, Lewis, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norton,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Revels, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Sehnrz, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, and
Y a tes—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was
after line two hundred and eighty-five to strike
out the following clause ;
On hciajfcecd and rapeseed, and other oil seeds of
