4988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June*B9*
like character other than linseed or flaxsoed, half
a cent per pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the same ques-
tion really.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
two hundred and eighty-nine, two hundred and
ninety, and two hundred and niuety-one, as
follows;
On linseed or flaxseed, twenty cents per bushel of
fifty-six pounds weight: Provided, That no draw-
back shall be allowed on oil cake made from im-
ported soed.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the same ques-
tion.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
two hundred and ninety-two and two hundred
and ninety-three, as follows:
On sesame-seed oil or cenno oil, and cotton-seed
oil, thirty cents per gallon.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike out line
two hundred and ninety-four: "011 sesame-
seed, ten per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and ninety-five, to strike out "on opium, one
dollar per pound."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that the pres-
ent duty 011 opium is $2 50 a pound, and this
reduces it to one dollar.
Mr. CAMERON. Why should it be reduced ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee propose
to strike out this item of the bill, so as to leave
the article under the old law.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator from
Ohio if the reason for th-e reduction is not that
the temptation to smuggle is thereby decreased,
and whether there is not a great deal of smug-
gling now in this article?
Mr. SHERMAN. It does prevail to some
extent, but it is the next item where the tempt-
ation to smuggle is greatest, the smoking
opium, the duty on which is ten dollars a pound.
We have l-educed it to six dollars.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is upon this amendment, striking out the
item.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in line tvyo hundred and ninety-
seven, to strike out "ten dollars" and insert
" six dollars 50 that the clause will read :
On opium prepared for smoking and 011 all other
preparations of opium, not otherwise provided for,
six dollars per pound: Provided, That opium pre-
pared for smoking and other preparationsot opium,
depusitedin bonded warehouse, shall not be removed
therefrom for exportation without p.iymcntofdutics,
and such duties shall not be refunded.
Mr. COLE. I do not think it will make any
difference whether the duty be ten dollars or
six dollars; the inducement for smuggling will
be about the same in one case as the other;
that is to say, it will be sufficient at six dollars
a pound to induce smuggling perhaps as much
as if it were ten dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will leave it entirely to
the Senators from California. We thought tea
dollars a pound was so enormous a duty that
it would be belter to reduce it. Six dollars a
pound is considerably more than one hundred
per cent, acl valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out lines three hundred and two and
three hundred and three, as follows:
On morphia and on all salts of morphia, one dollar
per ounce.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance propose in lines
one and two of section forty-eight, being the
free list, to amend, so as to read:
That on and after the 1st day of October, 1870, in
addition to imported articles now by law exempt
from duty, and not herein otherwise provided for,
the following articles hereinafter enumerated and
provided for shall ufso be free.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thisamendment
will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee have de-
cided to withdraw the amendment, so as to let
this free-list section go into operation on the
81st of December, as the House propose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as withdrawn. ["Yes!"
"Yes!"]
The amendment was withdrawn.
INTERNAL REVENUE FEMALE CLERKS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
been requested to lay before the Senate a joint
resolution, which, if passed at all, requires
immediate action.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 85-1) in re-
lation to female clerks in the Internal Revenue
Bureau was read twice, by unanimous consent,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to continue in employment as now
employed the temporary female clerks in the
Bureau of Internal Revenue for the period of
fifteen days from the 30th of June, unless pro-
vision therefor shall be sooner made bylaw.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that will be passed
now.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
511SSSAG14 l'ROM TUB IJOUSH.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Custom Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that ihe House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (11. R. No. 1638) to regulate the
appraisement and inspection of imports in
certain cases, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2U50) to discontinue the
Clarkville, Arkansas, land district, and estab-
lish an additional land district in that State; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 354) in rela-
tion to female clerks in Ihe Internal Revenue
Bureau.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate,
with amendments, iu which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (S.No. '241) to relinquish the interest
of the United States in certain lands to the city
and county of San Francisco; and
A bill (S. No. 893) to establish an additional
land district in the State of Kansas.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions of the Senate without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 351) for the disposal of the
lands within the Fort Ridgely military reserva-
tion, Minnesota;
A bill (S. No. 517) to define the intent of
an act entitled "An act to allow deputy col-
lectors of internal revenue acting as collectors
the pay of collector, and for other purposes,"
approved March 1, 1809;
A bill (S. No. 520) to amend an act entitled
" An act to remove the charge of desertion
from certain soldiers of tho second North Car-
olina mounted iufantrv," approved March 26,
1869;
A bill (S. No. 613) to regulate the foreign
and coasting trade of the northern, northeast-
ern, and northwestern frontiers of the United
States, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 077) to change the place of
holding t.he courts of the United States for the
Albemarle district of North Carolina;
A bill (S. No. 723) in relation to circuit
courts;
A bill (S. No. 725) for the relief of Thomas
Henderson ;
A bill (S. No. 880) granting a pension to
Henry C. Weatherby;
A bill (S. No. 471) in relation to certain
unsold lands in the counties of Porter and
Lake, in the State of Indiana;
A bill (S. No. 75fi) for the settlement of the
accouiit of Captain E: M. Buchanan, late com-
missary of subsistence of volunteers;
A bill (S. No. 949) authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Arkansas river at
Little Rock, Arkansas ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 110) instructing
the President to negotiate .with the Indians
upon the Umatilla reservation in Oregon;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 133) concerning
the pay of customs officers in North Carolina;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 184) to regulate
the effect of a vote of the thanks of Congress
upon promotion in the Navy ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 197) giving the
consent of Congress to the reception of a cer-
tain bequest by the State of New Jersey, under
the will of the late Edwin A. Stevens : and
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 199) providing
for the admission of photographs for exhibi-
tion free of duty.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1395) for the relief of
Charles Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome
Rowley, William Hannegan, and John Han-
negati.
tax BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2015) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section forty-eight, contain-
ing the free list, to strike out. lines ten and
eleven in these words: "acid, oxalic; acid,
sulphuric."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out line
twenty-six: "Antimony, ore, or crude sulphu-
ret of."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty, to
insert tlie word " broken" after " bells;" so as
to read "Bells broken and hell-metal broken,
and fit only to be remanuf'actured."
The next amendment was after the word
"books," in line fifty-five, to strike out
" maps and charts, specially imported in single
copies and not for sale, of which no editions
are printed in the United States, and books
so as to read : "Books which have been printed
and manufactured more than twenty years."
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know the
reason for striking out the words proposed by
the committee to be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason is manifest,
I think, to the Senator. By reading the clause
he will see that as it stands the whole duty on
books would be very easily evaded; and the
book publishers, without exception, romonstrate
against this provision above all others. Under
this clause any person might order any book
from Europe through the aid of a local agent
(here and have it remitted duty free. Book
publishers themselves could, by getting a dozen
friends to act for them, order the most expens-
ive and extravagant books, nominally for their
private use but really for sale, and thus avoid
the revenue law. The purpose for'which 0
book is to be used, after it comes here, no law
can limit.
Mr. SUMNER. But allow me to call the
Senator's attention to the qualifying terms—
"of which noeditionsare printed in t.hellnited
States."
Mr. SHERMAN. Bat the booksellers very
properly say that that, could be evaded in the
easiest way. There would be a little difference,
in tho edition of the work, or soma additional
matter inserted so as to make it apparently a
different edition in order to evade the law. I
think it would be easy to evade this provision.
The committee, however, propose to admit free
of duty books which have been printed over
twenty years.
Mr. SUMNER. I consider that a very im-
portant amendment to the existing law; one
which, I am sure, will work well; but then it
