8100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
lira bill «u read. It authorizes the proper
accounting officers of the Government to rattle
and adjust the account of Janes Lindsay for a
battery of three mounted howitzers, caissons,
harness, Jfcc., complete, by order of Brigadier
General Clinton B. Fisk, dated August 10,
1863, turned over to the United States, and to
pay said Lindsay therefor, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
provided that such payment shall not exceed
the sum of $874 35.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the report be read.
The report was read. It stated that the
committee had had under consideration the
petition of James Lindsay for relief, and found
the facts therein set forth to be true, the peti-
tion being as follows:
Washington, D. C., JfarcA 30,1864.
General Custos B. Fish, St. Loui*, Mi—ouri:
I called on the Secretary of War the other day
sod asked him fur an order to pay me for my cannons,
Wat he decliaed doing anything, beeaase there was
•o previous order lor them from his Department.
I now have a bill pending before Congress to pay
me. and tbe Military Committee tell me if I will
prodaoe a stateuteat from yaa statins the circum-
stance and necessity for taking the guns they will
recommend it to pass.
By way of refreshing yow memory, you will recol-
lect that Colonel Livingston was feartul they might
tell ia the hands of the enemy, and as they were
light irons he needed them about that time (August
W. 1363) to parsoe thegaerrillas that were then just
below Pittmn, aad who were at Patterson on the
1st day of August, and captured John Why tack and
others.
Vo«r early atteotion will greatly oblige, Tory truly,
yours,
JAMBS LINDSAY.
Tbe eoMMittM reported that they had found
that aaid battery aba equipment cost the peti-
tioner the sant of $874 35, and were afterward
taken by order of Brigadier General C. B. Fisk
for the qso of the United States Government.
The committee, there fore, recommended that
tbe bHl for hia relief be passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire why this
claim was not paid by tbe War Department.
I f those pieces of artillery were taken and turned
over to the service of the Government why
did not the War Department pay the claim ?
Mr. PACKARD. l am only aware that the
claim has not been paid, but I cannot say why.
Mr. MeCORMIOK, of Missouri. I can give
some information as to this matter, as it oc-
curred in my town, Colonel Lindsay being a
citizen of fronton, Missouri. During the war,
as I understand, the citisens of that vicinity
contributed money for tbe purchase of a small
battery. I press me that Colonel Lindsay con-
tributed some of his own funds in the same
way. The battery was taken charge of by order
of General Fisk, who believed that tbe battery
was exposed where it was in tbe city of Iron-
ton. My own opinion is that if reimburse-
ment is made it should be made to the persons
who purchased the battery, or who contributed
tbe funds which bought it. In that way Col-
onel Lindsay would get bis share with the
rest.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would tnggest that nnder
that state of facts my colleague [Mr. Pack-
ahd] should move the recommittal of the bill,
with a view to calling on die War Department 1
for information.
Mr. PACKARD. I have no objection to j
that course. I therefore more that the bill be
recommitted to the Committed on Military ,
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
william v. SCOTS.
Mr. PACKARD. I Iwe been instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to report
back the bill (Et. R. No. 1522) foe the relief j
of William F. Scott, late adjutant fourth Iowa !
volunteer cavalry. I will state that there is a ,
bill from the Senate identically the same as the
House bill now on the Speaker's table. I ask 1
that it be taken up and passed instead of the
House bill.
Tbere was no objection, and the bill (8. No. !
627) for the relief of William F. Scott, late >
adjutant fourth Iowa cavalry volunteers, was I
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to a
third reading.
The bill was read. It directs the Paymaster
General of the Army to allow and pay to Wil-
liam F. Scott, late adjutant fourth Iowa volun-
teer cavalry, out of the appropriation for the
pay of the Army, the difference between the
pay and allowances of a sergeant major of cav-
alry and that of adjutant of eavalry from the
23d of March, 1865, to the 10th of June, 1865,
inclusive, he having actually acted in the capa-
city of such adjutant during that time and
having received therefor only the pay of ser-
geant major, not having been actually mustered
as such adjutant by reason of the non-receipt
of his commission.
The bill was ordered toathird reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PACKARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALBERT REYES.
On motion of Mr. PACKARD, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
747) for the relief of Albert Reves ; and the
same was referred to the Committee of Claims.
LOT S. BAYLESS.
Mr. PACKARD, from the Committeeon Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1897)
for the relief of Lot S. Bayless, administrator
of Marcus W. Bayless, deceased; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the proper
accounting officers of the Government to pay
to Lot S. Bayless, administrator of Marcus W.
Bayless, deceased, late first lieutenant and
quartermaster forty-fonrth Indiana volunteer
infantry, at the rate of the regular pay and
allowances of officers of that rank in the Army
from 15th January, 1862, to 22d August, 1862,
inclusive.
The bill wa* ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time r and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PACKARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that tbe motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A. F. M'MILLAN.
Mr. PACKARD, frota the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1831) for the
relief of A. F. McMillan.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Paymas-
ter General of the Army to pay to A. F. Mc-
Millan, late captain company F, first United
States colored artillery, heavy, out of any
money appropriated for the pay of the Army,
three months' pay proper of a captain of heavy
artillery.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let tbe report be read.
The report was read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suppose this bill ex-
tends the provisions of the act of March 3,
1865, granting three months' pay proper to
certain officers. That act, it will be recollected,
provides that all officers who were then in the
service and remained in the service up to the
don of the. war should be entitled to three
months' pay proper. I do not see that this offi-
cer comes within either the letter or the spirit
of that law. He was in the service on the 2d
of March, 1865; but on the 19th of March,
1865, an attempt was made upon bis part to get
oat of the service, which was successful shortly
! after that. He wm neither in the service tech-
nically nor within the spirit of the law at the
close of the war. The war had not closed at
the date when bis resignation was actually
received. I understand that he claims that
though he resigned in March his resignation
was not received until April, and therefore he
is entitled to the benefit of the act of March
Now, at the date his resignation was actually
received and he retired irom the service the
war had not yet closed. If his resignation had
not been sent in until the day it was received
he would not be within the letter of the law.
Now, there are a great many officers who are
similarly situated who come nearer to the
spirit of the law than does this gentleman.
Ihis is only an attempt to extend the provis-
ions of the law to suit this special case; at
least I so understand it, and it strikes me
that the bill ought not to pass.
Mr. PACKARD. I do not understand that
this is an attempt to extend the law. The
officer himself does not so understand it, but
claims that such is his case that ho comes within
the law. The law provides that officers in
service on the 9th ot April shall receive the
benefit of that act. This officer was in actual
service at that time, not having received notice
of the acceptance of his resignation until the
10th of April.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Had the war closed at
tbe time this officer received notice of the
acceptance of his resignation?
Mr. PACKARD. The warhad closed before
he left the service.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not so understand
it. If the war had closed absolutely at the
time he received notice of the acceptance of his
resignation he would need no additional legis-
lation for his relief. He is one of those offi-
cers who were in service at the date of the
passage of the law, but he did not remain in
service until tbe end of the war.
Mr. PACKARD. I have nothing further to
S8y except that this bill has received the unan-
imous approval of the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill will go- over to the morn-
ing hour of the next private bill day.
PUBLIC PROPERTY IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Public Expend-
itures a bill (H. R. No. 1898) to provide for
inventories and accounts of the property of
the United States in the public buildings and
grounds thereof in the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and recommitted to the
Committee on Public Expenditures.
ACCOUNTS OF SENATE AND HOUSE.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from tbe Committee on Publie: Expend-
itures a bill (H. R. No. 1300) to provide for
tbe accounts and reports thereof of the Sec-
retary of the Senate and Clerk of the House
of Representatives of the United States, and
for other purposes; which was ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to tbe Committee on
Public Expenditures.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. STILES. I rise to make a privileged
motion. I move that when the House adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to, upon a divis-
ion—ayes 33, noes 91.
CAPTAIN DATID BEATY'S SCOUTS.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1899) for the relief
of Captain David Beaty's command of inde-
pendent scouts ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and with the accompanying papers,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
LOUISIANA ELECTION CASE.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
privilege, and ask that the House now proceed
to the consideration of the coutested eleetion
