1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2157
mences, to say a word about thia report. I
consider it duo to theSenatorfromNewYork.
Mr. SUMNER. May I appeal to the Sen-
ate ? Before the Senator proceeds I should like
to have an understanding, at least with the
Senator from Indiana, and for a special reason,
in regard to the other business to which I have
referred. The Senator from Illinois will par-
don me for a moment.
Mr. MORTON. If there can be no agree-
ment in regard to going into executive session
to-morrow at one o'clock I think we had better
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness now.
Mr. SUMNER. I would say that I will move
to-morrow at one o'clock, or before one, that
we shall go into executive session, and it will
be then for the Senate to determine by their
vote what course they will take.
Mr. MORTON. It would be important, then,
to come to an understanding now whether the
Senate will probably consent to go into execu-
tive session at that time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot get that
understanding now.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The motion lor
an executive session now cannot bo made.
The Senator from Oregon declines to yield for
that purpose, as ho has stated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Willi tho consent of
tho Senator from Oregon, I desire to say a
word in regard to this matter, as 3 do not know
that I shall make any remarks other than to
say a few words in reference to tho report which
1 think ought to be beforo tho Senate in view
of the discussion which is proceeding ; and I
consider it duo to tho Senator from New York
who drew tho report that I should make this
statement, and I hope tho Senate will observe
what 1 say in regard to it.
This report when drawn up by tho Senator
from New York did not. contain those word i
which are printed in brackets :
"Tho intentions thus (loolnred wore not only to
become) a, candidate for tho Hoimtc, Imt to remain
and rosido iu Mississippi."
Thoso words wore not. in the repori when it
was drawn. The Senator from New York road
tho report to mo iu tho Senate Chamber as hit
had drafted it.; and it occulted tome that.it
was hardly lair, as it wan drawn, to General
Ames i that it did not state as fully as it ought
to state what General Ames had said. Ho
himself came before tho committee originally
and mado a statement, minutes of which wen.
taken down by tho Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] at tho time. 1 afterward suggested
t.0 ono of tho Senators from Maine t hat it might
bo well for General Ames himself to make a
memorandum of the facts which lie had slated
to tho committee, tho dates when ho entered
the service, and when he went to Mississippi,
&c., which wo did not have in l'ull. In re-
sponse to that I received from General Ames
the statement, a part of which is copied into
this report. That statement does not contain
the words in brackets. General Ames in the
statement that he made did not put those words
in; but when ho was before the committee ho
stated some things more fully than what he
wrote in this brief statement, which was merely
to fix the facta more precisely than we had
them, because it was informal.
When the Senator from New York copied
from the statement which General Ames had
sent to me, (and there was nothing in that,
statement in regard to his intention of residing
in Mississippi,) 1 suggested to the Senator from
New York that as this brief statement handed
by General Ames was not intended to bo a full
statement of the matter, and ho had stated it
somewhat more fully before tho committee. 1
thought it due to him that tho report should j|
show that he declared his intention to remain j!
and reside in Mississippi, and tho Senator from j j
New York interlined iu brackets in his report !(
the words which you see here, at my suggest,ion. I!
As importance is attached in the Senate to lj
what is these, it is due to the Senator from New I!
York, who put the words thero at my sugges-
tion, that the whole of it should go together.
The statement of General Ames was this: that
he declared his intention, at the time when ho
became a candidate, to make his home in Mis-
sissippi, and he wa8 then asked if that wou Id have
remained his home if he had not been elected;
and be said, "I knew I would be elected."
Then he was asked, "Well, but suppose you
had not been elected, what then ?" He replied
"Then it would have been doubtful; I do not
know." That is the whole of it, and it ought
all to go together ; and I feel it due to tho Sen-
ator from New York, who lias presented this
report, as a little embarrassment lias arisen
out of the insertion of these words, which was
done at my suggestion, to state how it hap-
pened ; and if there is any controversy about it
the wholoof the statement oughtto go together.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, all the
merits of this controversy lie in a very narrow
compass. Section three of article ono of the
Constitution of the United States provides —
"That no person shall be a Senator who ."hall not
liavo attained to the of ttiiity yonrs, and been
nine years a citizen of tho United States, and who
tdniU notwlicii elected bo an inhabitant of thatHt.itc
for which ho shall bo ehorfon."
Everybody admits, as I understand, that
C enoral Ames has been for nine years a citizen
of tho United States, and that lie is more than
thirty years of age, but the Committee on the
<1 udiciary contend in the report which they have
submitted that he was not an inhabitant of the
State of Mississippi at the time of his election
to this Senate. That is all there is of this
question. Whether Uener.il Ames was an in-
habitant or not of the State of Mississippi at
the time he was elected was a question decided
by the Legislative Assembly of that State; for
necessarily in choosing him to be a Senator
they paused upon his qualifications for that
office. I do not of course contend that the
decision of the Legislative Assembly of that
State upon this question is conclusive on this
body, for the Semite is to judge of the qualifi-
cations of its own member.!; Imt 1 say that it.
raises a presumption, it makes a prima Jack
ca-ie before the Senate that he was an inhabit-
ant of the State of Mississippi at that time ; for
it may be presumed that the persons iu whose
presence he lived and moved had more knowl-
edge, had a better opportunity of knowing as
to that, fact, than tho members of this body.
General Ames comes here duly clouted by
the Legislative Assembly of that State; and
it has always been my opinion, and now is,
that, unless there Ik; overuhebuing con&ideia-
tious it) the contrary tho people of a State
should have tho right, to choose such men as
they please to represent, them in the different
brunches of Congress.
Now, sir, to o\ereome the presumption aris-
ing Iroin the choice of General Ames by the
Legislature of Mississippi potent facts must
bo adduced to tho Senate, otherwise the Senate
should acquiesce in tho choice of that Legis-
lature. No precise definition can be given to
the word "inhabitancy.'' "Inhabitancy" may
exist tor one purpose upon a certain state of
facts, and it may exist, for another purpose on
another and different state of lacts. Inhabit-
ancy may exist, for tho purpose of attaching
to it rights or privileges upon one condition of
iacts, and it may exist upon another condition
of fact? for the purpose of imposing on a per-
son liabilities.
Now, tho question is not as to whether Gen-
eral Ames was an inhabitant of the State of
Mississippi)!! the most comprehensive meaning
of that expression, but was ho an inhabitant o°
not within tho meaning of the Constitution? I
agree with the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thuh-
maxJ that two things arc Accessary to constitute
an inhabitant within tho moating of the Consti-
tution. One is that the person sbouldbepresent
in a certain locality ; and tho second is that he
should have an intention to remain in that local-
ity. Combining these two things together they
constitute inhabitancy. Now there is no ques-
tion but that General Ames was in the State
of Mississippi at the time of his election;
about two years, I think, had transpired from
the time he went into that State up to the time
of his election; and so ho was in point of fact
living in the State of Mississippi at the time
of his election.
Assuming that to be the fact, which is incon-
trovertible, I think the only question left to
decide is whether or not at the time of his elec-
tion he had an^ntention to remain in tho State
of Mississippi. Arguing from the statement
made in this report, it seems to mo that the
Senate can reach only one conclusion, and
that is that General Ames at the time of his
election did have that intention. Indeed tho
report, or the evidence submitted as a part of
the report, distinctly and without qualification
affirms the fact that he did have that intention,
and it seems to me that this excludes public
controversy.
Some effort has been made to show that the
personal presence of General Ames in the
State of Mississippi was of no consequence,
because ho was there as a soldier in the Army.
1 deny that the authorities make any such dis-
tinction in defining the term "inhabitant."
No matter with what purpose or motive or
under what circumstances General Ames went
into the State of Mississippi, if in point of fact
he was there, and for any reason whatever at
any time made up his mind to remain there
and he a citizen, ca instanli he became an
inhabitant of that State. I affirm that the
authorities abundantly support that position;
and tho inhabitancy does not depend upon tiie
circumstances existing at the time apcrson goes
into a State, but it depouds upon tho circum-
stances existing at the time tho question arises
as to whether or not inhabitancy is created.
Sotnecontroversy has arisen hero as to where
General Ames resided before he became an
inhabitant of tho State of Mississippi. I un-
derstand from the facts in this report and from
what has appeared in this discussion that he
hud no legal residence anywhere at the time lie
went as an officer of tho Army into the State
of Mississippi. If he left the State of Maine
in his boyhood wiLh no intention of return-
ing there, and became an officer in the Army,
from that time forward he had no legal resi-
dence; or, in other words, his residence was
wherever he happened to bo.
Jt is not so difficult for an officer of tho Army
under such circumstances to establish inhabit-
ancy as it would bo for a person under other and
different circumstances. Take the honorable
Senator from tho State of New York. He was
born and reared thero. Iiisfamily, hiahome, hi.:
property, his business are there. It would t,ike
considerable evidence to show that the honor-
able Senator from New York had changed his
residence and become a citizen of tho State of
Pennsylvania. Not so, however, with General
Ames. Assigned for duty for a year or two in
the State of New York, then removed perhaps
to California, and then perhaps to Mississippi,
whenever ho makes up his inind at any time
during the performance of his official duty that
ho will abandon the Army and choose a locality
where he may happen to bo as his residence,
then the evidence of a declaration of his bona
Jide intention is sufficient, for he has no house-
hold gods elsewhere to take and carry with
him, as the permanent residents of ono State
have when they undertake to remove into
another. ^ I say, therefore, it is less difficult
and requires less evidence for General Ames
to establish a habitancy in any given locality
than it would for a person under those other
and different circumstances which surround
the Senator from New York.
Suppose, says an honorable Senator, that
after General Ames had formed this intention
an order had been received from the President
that lie should remove to another State befor"
his resignation? The fact presented in that ques-
tion has no bearing upon this ease. Suppose
the honorable Senator from Vermont should
