1870.
THSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
4045
Mr. SUMNER. I- will remark that the news
we have from Roumania is so absolutely, hor-
rible that it is difficult to believe—it is- incred-
ible. One is disposed to be.Kpve that there is
at least some gross exaggeration iu the report.
It is important, however, it seems to me, in
the interest of humanity, and in that guardian-
ship of humanity which belongs to the great
Republic, that wo should possess ourselves at
once of all the information attainable on the
subject
Mr MORTON. I desire to state that the
names attached to those resolutions are names
of gentlemen of the highest respectability and
position, and they represent a very large and
numerous class of people iu Indianapolis and
in Indiana.
Mr. SPRAGUE. In my opinion, an exam-
ination of this subject will result in establish-
ing these facts: the Jews in this principality
had obtained possession of the whole of the
trade, a great portion of the lands, and about
all of the business connected with the affairs
of that people. There was then exhibited
on one side a population poor, without occu-
pation or business, and ou the other side a
rich, trading, monopolizing, class. It was that
condition of affairs that has brought these
Jews to the condition which to day the world
is called upon to contemplate and to sorrow
over. There is food for reflection for us, Mr.
President and Senators, in the condition of
things occurring every day in this country,
while we are contemplating the occunences
that have taken place in Roumania.
Mr. STEWART. I do not know but that it
would be rather a dangerous rule to establish
that a man when he gets rich shall be killed.
[Laughter.] i do not think it would agree
very well with some of us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the adoption of the resolution offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The resolution was adopted.
ORDK'.l OP BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Thumbulu]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As there seems
to be a disposition to set aside the general order,
which is the unfinished business of yesterday,
I desire t,n make a remaik.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was not my design
to interfere with the Indian appropriation bill
after one o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The remark
which I desire to make is not so much applica-
ble to the motion of the Senator from Illinois
as to the suggestion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, that to day is to be devoted to the special
order, the general Calendar. I wish to say this:
if it is the desire of the Senate to proceed to-
day under that order I do not know that I care
to interpose, provided the Senate will sit to-
morrow for the disposal of the appropriation
bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire of the Senator
from Maine what order he refers to ?
Mr. MORRlLL, of Maine. I refer to the
special order by which to-day is set apart for
the consideration of such measures on the
Calendar as are not objected to.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 inquire of the Chair whether
there is such an order of the Senate applying
to this day ?
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. There is ; and it
is subject only, in the opinion of the Chair, to
the unfinished business pending at the previous
adjournment. If that is passed over the order
operates to make thia an objection day, under
the order setting aside every Friday for the
taking up of bills on the Calendar in their order
and passing those to which no objection is made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it is the pleas-
ure of the Senate to finish this unfinished bill
to-day, then I desire to begin now, so as to
interpose an objection to the motion of the
Senator from Illinois. If it is the desire of the
Senate, otherwise, to go on with the apeetal
orderand to hold a session to-morrow to enable
the Committee on Appropriations to finish the
unfinished business of to-day, I certainly shall
yield to that; but I wish to express my very
great desire that this Indian appropriation biil
should be finished this week stall hazards. It
is very important that it should be. Such is
the condition of the appropriation bills that at
this period of the session it is very important
that we should lose no time in finishing the
Indian bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to occupy
the morning hour iu contesting either with the
Senator from Maine or the Senator from Ver-
mont, who thinks we ought to go on with the
Calendar to-day. I was in hopes that the Sen-
ate would allow me to call up the bill to which
1 have called attention, which is an important
one, to give effect to the next census iu the
next Congress, which can be done if we pass
the bill now, so that the States may know in.
time. The Committee ou the Judiciary have
made someamendmer.ts to the House bill, and
it is very important that the constitutional pro-
vision which directs the apportionment to be
made upon the inhabitants should be carried
into cflfect. Apportionments hereafter are to
be made upon a different principle than here
tofore. The whole colored population is taken
into the account now, instead of three filths;
and the vast increase in population in the West,
and the increased representation that will arise
in the South from biinging in all the colored
people, demand that Congress should act at
the curliest moment practicable, so as to enable
the States to elect their Representatives on the
census of 1870, to take their seals in the Con-
gress of the United States which shall assemble
in December, 1871, or after the 4th of March,
3 871.
It is apparent that we cannot get this bill up
so as to act upon it to-day, and 1 therefore
move that the biil be made a special order for
Wednesday next. I hope the Senate "will allow
it to be made a special order for that day, and
let us then take it up and dispose of it.
Mr. POA1EROY. I suggest to the Senator
that it would be better if the Senate would
agree by unanimous consent to proceed to its
consideration on a given day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will suit me just
as well, if the Senate will agree to give me any
day for its consideration.
Mr. POMBROY. If it is made a special
Older it will bo like the fiankmg bill, and you
will never get it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I ask unanimous
consent that this bill be assigned for any day
that will be agreeable to the Senate. I will
not quarrel with my friend from Vermont as to
the day. He can fix it himself; but we ought
to consider the bill very soon.
Mr. DRAKE. Why noteonsider it to-night?
Mr. SPENCER. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Illinois to say Monday evening. The
bill is very important to the South and South-
west, and should be considered as soon as
possible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will agree to that. I
am not particular about the time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question. The Senator from Illinois
asks the unanimous consent of the Senate that
House bill No. 1323 be assigned for consider-
ation on Monday evening next at the evening
session.
Mr. EDM UNDS. I feel obliged to objectto
that, because it is a hill too important to be
considered in any evening. I have no objec-
tion to its being put on the Calendar of special
orders, as it is a bill of the highest impoitance
to all sections of the country, involving con-
siderations that require a great deal of deliber-
ation, considerations of justice as well as of
expediency, and of constitutional law as well
as of wishes. Therefore I ii;ive no objection
to its being put at the head of the Calendar,
to be considered early in the regular way ; but
when we take it up we ought to consider it
Steadily until we dispose of it in .the regular
way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is what I desire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move that the
bill be placed at the head of the Calendar of
special orders, to be taken up on Wednesday
next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent to place itat the head of the
Calendar of special orders, because the bill for
the abolition of the franking privilege is at the
head of the special orders, and is now the only
special order. The Senator from Illinois moves
that this bill be made a special order, which
will place it on the Calendar of special orders
next after the franking bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope thatwill
not be done. I think it is too late in the session
to make special orders. I have uo objection
to its going oil the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illinois
can enter a motion to make it a special order,
and that will be placed on the Calendar of
resolutions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
certainly will allow ustoconsiderthisnnporiant
bill, and wc may as well have an understanding
as to when we shall consider it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
the Senator from Maine ought to bo appealed
to in that way. 1 have had a great deal of
trouble in getting bills before the Senate which
[ think arc of a very important character; and
iu the early part of next week I propose to
bring to the attention of the Senate the naval
appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That .is why I named so
late a day as Wednesday. I should prefer
Monday, if Senators will allow it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let, it be put on the Cal-
endar of special orders, and then you will
reach it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion is in order,
to make it a special order for Wednesday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDE JS f. But.il the motion
is objected to it cannot be considered to-day,
but must go on the Calendarof resolutions,
and will be readied to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Maine object to taking a vote on my motion?
Mr. MORltILL, of Maine. I did not hear
the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion is that the
bill bo made a special order for next, Wednes-
day.
ilr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course if I
object at all I object to proceeding with it.
Air. TRUMBULL. A single objection
puts it over for one day merely, and I can call
it up to-morrow. Does the Senator from Maine
make that objection ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
will be placed on the Calendar of resolutions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iu order to reach what
we are to do to-day I move to pass over all the
resolutions now ou the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that is done I,
wish to make a conference report, which is
always considered in the nature of a privileged
question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the question be put
on my motion first.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is done I wish
to make an appeal to the Senate to take a vote
without debate on House bill No, 1950, grant-
ing a pension to Mary Lincoln,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont to pass over the Calendar of resolutions
is not debatable.
The motion was agreed to.
