1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
41st Gong....2d
The Farmer and the Tariff—Mr. Bird.
Ho. op Reps.
unequal portions of this debt and of the ex-
penses incident to maintaining the Govern-
ment. Their devotion to the Union surely is
enough to command from us the most careful
attention. But if this sublime truth fails them,
and we have passed beyond the appreciation
of such sentiments, their numbers certainly are
great enough to cause us to consider carefully
their claims. Speaking with reference to farm-
ing communities, including small villages and
towns composed of day-laborers, shoemakers,
wheelwrights, blacksmiths, carpenters, and
masons, they exceed every other and all other
classes. Manufacturers are brought very
prominently into view in this discussion; but
giving them all credit in other respects, what
is the number of them compared with the
farmer and his collaborators? There is not,
perhaps, a manufacture in all the land but is
immediately surrounded by thousands of indi-
viduals who have scarcely any appreciable in-
terest in its existence. And bring in review
the large manufacturing towns of our country;
if there were no tariff or revenue laws on our
statute-books how very soon would the inge-
nuity so characteristic of our people enable
them to adapt themselves to whatever changes
might follow!
The iron interest, too, has a powerful voice
iu this House and throughout the country. But
is it the voice of labor or the voice of wealth?
Is it the cry of the poor or the demands of the
rich ? And if the demand be sincere what are
its merits, and how many are engaged in it,
compared with all others in the land affected
by the proposed law? Few, indeed, are the
numbers thus employed compared with the
other great producing interests of the land.
And were all the laws that look to protection
repealed, or had we no great debt to provide
for, so that there would be no necessity for
high tariffs, the industry oi' our country would
very soon accommodate itself to whatever
altered circumstances might be the result.
Hence I insist, if numbers be considered, if the
greatest interest, the agricultural, with all its
immediate dependencies, be the object of re-
gard, we will refuse to pass laws which while
they may add $1 to the wealth of the manu-
facturers and iron-men will take $2 from the
pockets of the farmer. If it be essential to
foster any particular interests by protective
tariff laws for the sake of justice and right rea-
son do not undertake it when the masses of
the people have the other great burden of a
national debt to carry besides. Every dictate
of sound principle cries out to wait until the
country is relieved of this one oppressive load.
In these debates, in the passage of laws relat-
ing to revenue, I recognize the very important
truth that we are burdened with a greatnational
debt. But I do not and cannot regard this debt
as any blessing. Its existence is not and can-
not be attended with any benefits to the coun-
try unless it brings us all, in every section, to
a proper realization of the grave importance
of observing and obeying fundamental law so
that the foundations of society be not again
threatened. The payment of this debt, in
whatever manner accomplished, can only bring
sweat, tears, and sorrow to the homes of the
masses of ourpeople. To them itwillbeathorn
ever producing irritation and suffering, if not
anguish. And whoever needlessly increases
its weight or aggravates the galled shoulders
that bear it cannot" be pronounced either a
benefactor or a wise statesman. I also recog-
nize^ the fact, supremely important and to be
heeded sooner or later by the bondholder, that
if this debt be paid without deep murmuring
and strife the taxes that bring revenue must
be equally imposed. Without this the multi-
tudes who were so patriotic in war will demand
justice in time of peace. They now admit with
a singleness of purpose which does them in-
finite honor their obligation to share in the
discharge of the claims against the Govern-
ment, protesting always against the extrav-
agance, corruption, and perhaps fraud by which
many of them were contracted; yet, believe
me, they will not long consent that any one or
more classes of men shall continue to take
advantage of this necessity and while the peo-
ple are struggling to be free from debt such
classes shall amass great fortunes.
I also recognize the fact that the reason or
cause for laws imposing high taxes or tariffs is
the -existence of this great debt and the ex-
penses incident thereto. But I cannot forget,
and trust the people never will, that nothing
more nearly concerns the welfare of this coun-
try, the happiness, freedom, and prosperity of
all the people, the proper support and main-
tenance of free institutions, than the speedy
reduction and payment of this debt. I trust
the time-will soon arrive when I can show this
more clearly. Suffice it to remark that many
people by means of this debt enjoy peculiar
advantages at the expense of others, and that
too, let it he understood, beyond the payment
of interest merely.
Hence I make the observation that these
high tariffs in the interests of miners, forgers,
and iron and woolen manufacturers are all
founded, or should be, upon the existence of
this debt. As wise legislators we are bound
to insist that the chief object is the payment
of the debt. Is there one who will claim that
we should provide for any particular interest
irrespective of revenue? Whose philosophy
leads them to that conclusion? These things
being so—that is, that the debt must be re-
duced, and that all laws passed must simply
have reference to that end, all manufacturers
should now stand fully admonished that the
people of this country will submit to no such
high protective tariffs as they have submitted
to for the last few years and as are still pressed
upon them. This reflection should influence
our deliberations on the question now occupy-
ing our attention. We should not lay founda-
tions for others to build upon, which in a few
years we will be called upon to remove. We
should not excite hopes which, from the very
nature of things, will prove evanescent. It
will be a gross blunder in us to incite any to
make investments of capital upon any such
principles.
But again, I recognize the fact that there
exists some medium which we can observe
with safety to the people and the Treasury in
the passage of all revenue laws. Certainly no
man of intelligence asks for a law that shall
in the least sense be prohibitory, except to the
extent that every law may be said to be. As
a rule that law which will produce the highest
revenue consistent with the best interests of
the people will bo a safe guide. This will
bring us speedily to all the freedom of trade
our situation will admit of, and at the same
time prepare every producing interest in our
country for that reasonable prosperity which
is consistent, with all others and which will
prove enduring.
The mind of the thoughtful is now prepared
for the remark that those manufacturing inter-
ests of our country which have not been en-
abled during the last ten years, with so many
artificial or adventitious circumstances besides
advantages of isolation from the rest of the
world favoring them, to place themselves
upon a secure foundation, cannot expect to
thrive by any kind of legislation whatever
without being singled out and made the objects
of our special regards. For all such it is
manifest we must ignore the idea of revenue
and have regard oniy to the prohibition of the
foreign goods.
The very serious question, therefore, is where
is that medium, that dividing line to which we
may advance and raise the highest needful
amount of revenue with the least disaster.to
any great industrial interest of the country ?
If I were allowed the poor privilege of a single
suggestion it would be that that medium or
principle will be found in that system of laws
which promotes the highest and best interests
of the farmers and their dependents. It is a
fact at all times vindicated by passing events,
that when the farmer is prosperous all other
material interests are also, and when he finds
the winds adverse all others do likewise.
I cannot believe that any are willing know-
ingly to do injustice to the farmer, but, in my
judgment, many do in reality advocate and
insist upon measures which will prove destruc-
tive of his best interests. The lumberman
and the iron-man think that their interests are
very peculiar, and must be in some way pro-
moted by legislation. Without legislation
favoring iron and lumber they insist that they
cannot exist. They desire legislation protect-
ing them in their infancy against the skilled
and pauper labor of Europe and to enable them
to get a start in the world. Besides, they insist
that in this way the Government can collect
large revenues and save the people from direcL
taxation. This is the plea or pretense of the
principal part, if not all, of the manufacturers
in the land.
This is plausible and inviting enough until
the hard, rough logic of the wrinkled, sun-
burned, and bowed-down farmer comes in to
expose its fallacy and inequality. Who pays
this tariff and feels the weight of these laws ?
Not the foreign manufacturer or producer. He
may not sell so much iu our markets, but in
no other sense does any part of the burden
rest upon him. Who then does? The Amer-
ican farmer and the poor laborer who struggles
with him for his daily bread. Why do the
manufacturers of this country urge an increase
of duties upon all goods brought hither from
abroad? Simply to shut out all competition
from abroad. 'They are thereby enabled to
put up the prices of all their wares, whether
woolen or cotton, iron or steel, hemp or leather,
and to compel the domestic consumer to pay ;
because, to the extent of the duty, he is de-
prived of the right of buying where he may
please. Consult the statement made by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] to
whom the country is greatly indebted, which
statement, here following, cannot be too often
repeated:
" tax on 3ian when in his clothes.
" llat—Silk plush, GO per cent.; ribbon, 60 per cent.;
alpaca lining for brim, 50 cents a pound and 35 per
cent.; leather, inside, 35 per cent.; muslin lining,
75- cents a square yard; glue, 20 per cent.
" Coat—Cloth, 55 cents a pound and 35 per cent, ad
valorem; silk lining, 60 per cent.; alpaca used there-
in, 50 cents a pound and 35 per cent, ad valorem;
buttons, if wonted, 20 cents a pound and 35 per cent.
ad valorem; worsted braids, 50 cents a pound and 33
per cent, ad valorem; velvet for coJJar, 60 per cent.;
red worsted padding, 50 cents a pound and 35 per
cent, ad valorem; hemp padding, 40 per cent.
" Pants—Cassimere, 50 cents a pound and 35 cents
cent, advalorem ; cotton used therein, 5 cents a square
yard; hemp cloth for lacing, 40 per cent.; metal but-
tons, 30 per cent.
"Vest—Silk or satin, 60 per cent.; linen lining, 35
per cent.; silk buttons, 00 per cent.
" Braces—35 per cent.
" Undershirt—Ifsilk, GOper cent.; if worsted, 50eents
a pound and 35 per cent .advalorem; if cotton,35 per
cent.
"Drawers the s:nno.
"Shirt—Cotton,5centsasquareyard; linen for the
front, 35 per cent.
" Buttons, 35 per cent.
" Boots—ltaw hides, 10 per cent.; tanned leather,
calfskin, 30 per cent.; if patent leather, 35 per cent.;
soles, 35 per cent.
" Neck-handkerchief—If silk. 60 per eent.
" Pocket-handkerchief—If silk, 60 per cent.; if
linen, 35 per cent.; if cotton, 35 per cent.
" Gioves—Kid gloves, 50 per cent.
" Pocket knife, 35 per cent.
" Watch, 25 per cent.
" Silk watch-chain, GO per cent."
Let us bring in review the great grain-grow-
ing interests of the country, in the hope that
while the interests of others require so much
fostering and protecting we shall not unequally
tax and burden the farmer. It will be observed
