1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3101
cue of Bailey w-Darrall, from the third con-
cessional district of the Stole of Louisiana.
Mr. SCHENCK. I raise the question of
consideration as to whether the House will ftt
this time ro on with this election case. ,
The SPEAKER. That question will be ■ -
mitted to the House. .
Mr. FAliNSWORTH. I give notice that
if t he House shall refuse to go on with the con-
sideration of this election case I shall move to
proceed to the consideration of business upon
the Speaker's table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is not that a jmvileged
motion now at the close of the morning hour,
and will it uot take any member off the floor?
The SPEAKER. ;fhat motion could be
made, but as soon as made another privileged
motion could bo made, which would be first
acted upon.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to say to the
House that if this case shall be taken up I
propose to call" the previous question, and
devote but one hour to the consideration of
the case.
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 42, noes 81.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. STEVENSON called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were eight in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of %
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask for the yeas and
navs.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were seventeen in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last full vote) the yeas and nays were not
ordered.
The House accordingly refused to proceed
with the consideration of the contested-eleotion
case of Bailey w. Darrall.
obdbr OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was about to move to go
into Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope not; let ns go
to business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I recognise the propriety ]
of doing something occasionally, at least, to- ,
ward clearing the Speaker's table. There is
a great deal of business there, I am aware. I
would suggest that unanimous consent be given i
to proceed to the consideration of business j
upon the Speaker's table, with the understand-
ing that if any bill or joint resolution shall
create diseussion more than five minutes in
duration it shall be passed over informally.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. It will be within the power
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schekck] at
any time to put a limit to the consideration
of business upon the Speaker's table by moving
to suspend the rules and go into Committee
of the Whole on the special order, for the Chair
would be obliged to recognize the gentleman
at any time to make that motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was aware of that. But
I wanted to have some limit placed upon the
debate upon each bill, for otherwise we might
at once npoa going to business upon die Speak-
er'stable get into a debate which would use
up time that ought not to be devoted to such a
purpose now.
The 8PEAKER. The Chair will again sub-
mit the question. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means proposes that the
House proceed to business on the Speaker's
table, with the understanding, by unanimous
consent, that any bill which shall involve more
than five minutes' discussion shall be passed
over informally without losing its place and
relative rank on the Speaker's table.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I object.
. Mr. SCHENCK. Well, Mr. Speaker, I de-
tire to say this: the tariff bill is in the wuy of the
fundingbill, the tax bill, and everythingelse——
Mr. STEVENSON". I rise to a question of
order. Is this motion debatable ?
The SPEAKER. Which motion?
Mr. STEVENSON. The question whether
the House shall go to business on the Speaker's
table or not.
The SPEAKER. It is always customary to
hear the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means and the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations upon questions with refer-
ence to the order of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say that I will
waive for one hour the motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the tariff bill. I know
there is a necessity for doing what we can to-
ward clearing the Speaker's table; but at the
end of one hour I shall make the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole, and I hope the
House will sustain it. While on the floor 1
wish to state another thing. After a conference
with the officers of the House, the chairmen
of the several committees, and the Speaker in
reference to the time when the carpets shall
be taken up and the Hall prepared for occu-
pancy during the warm weather, I wish to say,
knowing that gentlemen prefer to have some
notice in advance, that it has been suggested
I shall on next Thursday make the motion to
adjourn over till the following Monday for the
purpose I have indicated. This notification
will give gentlemen an opportunity to determ-
ine in the meanwhile what they will do with
that interval from Thursday to Monday.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order to move
that an evening session be ordered by the
House for the purpose of considering business
on the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot put the
motion in that form. Should the House go to
business on the Speaker's table a recess could
be taken till the evening, and after the recess
the business on the Speaker's table would be
again prosecuted until interrupted by some
more highly privileged matter.
Mr. 1NGER<S0LL. I move that the House
sow proceed to business on the Speaker'a table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, if there be no
objection, will pass over the executive commu-
nications which can be disposed of by unani-
mous consent,#n order to take up bills which
cannot be reached in that way.
helen and heloise. lincoln.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the amendment of th$ Senate to joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 85) for the relief of Helen Lin-
coln and Heloise Lincoln, and for the with-
holding of moneys from tribes of Indians hold-
ing American captives.
The amendment of the Senate was resd, as
follows;
Strike oat all alter the enacting clause and iniert
thefoMowin*:
That the Secretary of thelnterior is hereby directed
to reserve from any moneys doe or to become due to
said Kiowalndians the rum of 82.500for each one of
said children, and invest the same in United States
-securities,and use from time to timothe income from
the said securities in each manner as he may deem
expedient for their maintenance, education,and sup-
port, during their life time, until they attain the aero
of twenty-one years, when the principal shall be
paid them; ana the elder of said children shall bo
hereafter known as Helen Lincoln, and the younger
as Heloise Lineoln.
Skc.2. And be it further re«oZ «2,Th<-t if either said
Helen Lineoln or said Heloise Lineoln should dio
without issue the entire amount due tbo deeendent
shall revert to the United States, and should both
die without issue, the whole sum shall revert to the
United States; but if either said Helen Lincoln or
said Heloise Lincoln,or both, have lawful issue, then
at the death of either parent the amount due to her
in her own right shall become the inheritance of her
issue.
Sec. 3. And be it further retained. That the Secre-
tary of the Interior be authorized and required to
withhold from any tribe of Indians who may hold
American captives any moneys due them from the
United States until said captives shall be surrendered
to the lawful authorities of the United States.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move that the
House concur.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was
concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
arkansas iiot springs reservation.
The next business on the Speaker's tablo
was Senate bill No. 05, in relation to the Hot
Springs reservation in Arkansas, with House
amendment, in which the Senate non-concurred
and asked for a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes between the two Houses.
Mr. KNOTT. I move that the conference
asked for be agreed to.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KNOTT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion for a conference was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
revision of the statutes.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the following amendment to the bill (H.
R. No. 0) extending the time for revising and
consolidating the statutes of the United States:
Strike out all of the bill after the onacting clause,
in the following words:
That the act passed June 27,1866, providing for
the revision and consolidation of tho statutes of tho
United States, be extended for the term of threo
years beyond the time therein limited. And tho
President is authorized, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senato, to appoint commissioners to
fill any vacancy which may exist, or may happen in
the board of commissioners appointed under said
act, and in like manner may make new appoint-
ments at tho expiration of the term of the present
commissioners: Provided, That the commissioners
appointed, or to be appointed, shall give their en-
tire time and attention in carrying out the provisions
of this act.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That tho act approved June 27,1866, entitled "An
act to provide for the revision and consolidation of
the statuto laws of the United States." be, and the
same is hereby, revived,and the President is author-
ized, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to appoint tljree commissioners to prosecute
and complete the work proscribed by said act: Pro-
vided, That the' said commissioners shall devote
their entire time and attention to their duties, as
commissioners, and shall receive no compensation
after said work shall be completed, nor for a longer
period than three years from the time when this aet
shall take effect.
Mr. POLAND. I move that amendment be
concurred in. It is only a variation from the
bill of the House made necessary by the lapse
of time.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
springfield armory land.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the following amendment of the Senate
to the joint resolution ^H. R. No. 156) author-
izing the sale of certain land at Springfield,
Massachusetts, and for other purposes:
Amend in the sixth line, after the word "jointly."
by inserting " with the approval of the Secretary o f
War."
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be read
so that we may understand the effect of the
amendment.
The bill was read. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of War to sell to Horace Kibbe,
of Springfield, Massachusetts, at its full value,
to be determined by the superintendent and
paymaster, jointly, of the national armory in
Springfield, a small detached piece of land
belonging to, but of no use or value to the
public, lying at the junction of. Federal and
Armory streets, in Springfield, and containing
about forty-three square rods, on the condi-
tion that Kibbe shall grant all that portion of
the lot lying to the south of the north line of
Grant street to the city of Springfield, for use
as a public park forever. On full payment of
the appraised value and compliance with the
condition before stated the Secretary of War
is to execute all necessary deeds for the <ton-
veyance of the lot to the purchaser. Ryers
