200
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
Ho. of Eeps.
The Farmer and the Tariff—Mr. Bird.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
that farmers carry forward all their work sin-
gle-handed. They enter into no combinations.
Monopolies among farmers are unknown. We
never yet have heard of this class of citizens
spending time and money or-employing agents
to lobby for them in legislative halls to secure
the passage of laws to promote the growing of
wheat ov corn or oats or cotton. And yet no
class of men bear heavier burdens, none go
down lower in the scale of depression, and
none feel more keenly that his labor returns
unto him void.
I hasten to ask what the farmer encounters,
endures, and pays on account of tariffs that are
imposed for the protection of iron, lumber, and
wearing-apparel. He must first become the
owner of land. This alone costs him nothing
but tlie principal and yearly accruing interest
and the taxes his State may impose. But he
cannot go a step further without feeling in
blistered feet and chafed hands the cruel policy
of the Government in its pretended efforts to
establish American industry. Would he fence
and adorn it with a dwelling, a barn, and other
out-buildings; he learns at once how American
industry is protected. Every shingle, board,
or post he buys he finds has advanced fully 20
per cent.; every nail or butt or strap or hinge
or bolt full 45 per cent. Every mechanic de-
mands an increase of wages amounting to full
CO per cent. And the kitchen-maid and farm-
hand, whether employed by the day, month,
or y$ar, both require larger compensation.
And just here an interesting inquiry arises.
Is the additional per cent, imposed by way of
duties on lumber and on iron the only increase
of cost of building to the fanner? By no
means. He has discovered that the carpenter
and mason each charge an increased sum for
every day's work. This he learns results from
the greatly higher price of every implement
used by them and of all wearing apparel, not
in the interest of the mechanics themselves,
but of some distant protected iron, woolen, or
cotton manufacturer. And the inquiry to the
farmer extends still further. His field hand
tells him he must have higher wages, because
of the great advance in price of hats, coats,
boots and shoes, and everything with which he
earns or feeds himself. Thus the farmer is
enlightened upon the subject of "protection
to American industry." _ The causes which
increase the wages of without compensation
to the mechanic and laborer who push the saw,
plane the board, and drive the naii increase
also, and without compensation, the wages of
the employ6 who manufactures the nail, or
board, or hinge, which, too. is added to the
cost of the nail, board, or hinge, and comes at
last out of the fanner's pocket.
I say, therefore, that the farmer not only
pays the additional price imposed on all the
articles used in fencing his land and in erect
ing suitable buildings, but also all the increased
cost of labor made absolutely necessary to the
support of the laborer, but without the slightest
proiit to him oil account of the greatly in-
creased price, because also of other high duties
on everything the mechanic or laborer wears
or uses in his avocation, including as well the
wood-chopper, miner, and planter as the forger,
blaster, spinster, and other mechanics. Nor
does it end here. The carpenter, mason, hod-
carrier, and other laborers not only require tools
for which he must pay increased prices, and
clothing to warm themselves, which are ad-
vanced in price ajso, but they have their chil-
dren to educate. This, too, like most other Inter-
est s, is attended with increased cost, which they
must of necessity add likewise to their wages.
Some, perhaps, will insist that these increased
prices for wages do not fall upon the farmer
alone. It may be urged that the merchant who
builds a store o1- dwelling, and the land specu-
lator who builds houses to rent or sell, pays a
portion of these increased prices, and that
thereby the burden is lightened and equalized.
While this is true to some extent it is more ap-
parent than real; for in the end the merchant
and speculator add all to the cost side of the
account and charge it to the farmer. Close
investigation will show that the additional cost
of every cotton fabric, of all woolen goods, of
all boots and shoes, falls more heavily upon
the tillers of the soil than any other class.
Take the commonest shirt worn by the day-
laborer ; the duty proposed is 35 per cent.
Boots and shoes, too, are so taxed as t,o be
seriously felt by the ordinary laborer ; for ex-
ample, tax on hides is 10 percent.; on the bark
used in tanning the leather, 20 per cent.; on all
lumber used for lasts or boxing the ready-made
article, 20 percent.; on the thread used, 40
per cent.; on lasting and serge, 80 per cent.;
and on tools used in making, 2J cents per
pound.
The article of salt need not be brought to the
mind of this House. Every member knows wall
enough that the enormous duty imposed is the
cause of the high price. The hijmble farmer,
too, is reminded of this at every meal through-
out the year. Cotton thread, the duty pro-
posed is 40 per cent; cotton shirts and drawers,
knit or woven, 5 cents per pound and 35 per
cent, ad valorem.. I insist that all these and
thousands more similar duties increase the cost
of farming and render the business unprofit-
able ; for whatever the mechanic or laborer
pays in advance for his clothing and living he
must, in order to live, add to his wages when he
is employed by the farmer.
But come back to the farm. The farmer
must needs have crops. To raise them he
requires plows, harrows, cultivators, hoes,
wagons, harness, and horses. In the construc-
tion of all these implements and utensils iron
enters largely. The tariff rate on this iron is
not less than 45 per cent. To this extent is
the cost of farming increased, and to this extent
is he obstructed in the successful prosecution
of this particular industry. As he follows the
plow or harrow he is mortified with the reflec-
tion that the grain which be will produce will
be at a very low standard, while the cost of the
production will be very high. Hisplows, hoes,
and harrows will cost him one third, if not one
half more, under the proposed high tariff, and
for all repairs he pays equally as much. The
blacksmith tells him he must charge him 10
cents for a job that before the war would have
been 5 or G. The horse that under a reason-
able tariff upon iron he would shoe for $1,
under the proposed tariff he , must charge §2
for; the wagon he could do the iron work upon
for $20 or $25, he must now charge $35 or $40
for; the hoe that he could make for $2, be
must now have from $3 to $4 for; and thus
with every item. So that it happens that the
ordinary blacksmith bill for the year, instead
of beiug from $30 to $40, advances under high
tariff laws to nearly $100. And when it is
remembered that the cost of many if not all
the necessities of life is greatly enhanced, it
must be apparent to all that the duty on iron
and steel proposed by this bill will become
absolutely burdensome and unjust to the farmer.
So that for every bushel of grain he raises under
the proposed law for the Treasury he must raise
at least two to satisfy the protectionists.
Mr. HAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. BIRD. I will yield for a question.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman has not
mentioned another article which enters largely
into the support of the carpenter and mason,
and that is the increased tax upon grain, being
on wheat a tax of 20 cents a bushel. Does he
not think that ought also to be taken into
consideration?
Mr. BIRD. The question of the gentleman
from Tennessee is a proper one and did not
escape my attention. If the gentleman had
listened to my preliminary remarks he would
have observed the object I have in view is to
show to this House the importance in levying
a high,duty which favors and protects the iron
interest, or the lumber interest, or the salt
interest that they should have regard to some
great rule of action, and that rale of action is
one which favors the largest class of producers
in the country, namely, the farmers. I do not
insist that the farmers should not be burdened.
I do not insist that they should not bear their
share of this great debt. I recognize the fact
that there is a burdensome and troublesome
debt in this country that we must meet and
discharge. My argument is that by the law
proposed an unnecessary and unequal burden
is imposed upon a particular interest, and that
no class of people bear this burden to the
same extent that the farmers do.
As to the duty on wheat, what can that
amount to? What country will import wheat
into this ? As I understand it, the whole amount
imported is exceedingly small and cannot pos-
sibly have any appreciable weight in this con-
nection, and I suppose for the purposes of
revenue will bring but little into the.Treasury.
But to proceed with my train of reflection.
The farmer has his crops in the ground. Now,
if he be a beginner and his farm be mortgaged
for a large portion of the contract price, what
has he in prospect to cheer him? What is
there in all that his country is doing for him to
inspire him with courage? As he takes note
of the decline in the price of grain he is filled
with many misgivings. Interest, taxes, and
lugh prices appall him. All depends on a
fruitful season. He is prepared for no emer-
gency. A failure of crops will ruin him. Like
most men in trouble he begins to seek anx-
iously for the cause. With his experience in
buying nails for building and fencing, and
hooks, straps, bars, bolts, and locks for doors,
and plows, hoes, and harrows for tilling the
soil and cultivating the crops, he is not long in
fiuding one chief cause of his embarrassment
and the enormous cost of farming; that is the
exorbitant tariff on iron.
This, however, is not the end of his experi-
ence. His crop ripens; extra hands are to be
employed at rates much beyond earlier times;
a reaping machine is indispensable, in the pur-
chase of which he most sensibly learns the ex-
tent of the great tariff iniquity; the full per
cent, of tariff, besides the high price of wages
paid to men employed in their manufacture
brought about by other provisions of the same
law, being added to the price. Nor with his
grain harvested is he beyond the grasp of this
iron claw. It is yet to be threshed and for-
warded to market. A threshing-machine is to
be bought, wagons are to be used, and rail-
roads brought in requisition. Now, at the pro-
posed rates of duty on iron, as already named,
with 96 per cent, duty on steel rails, what,
think you, will be left to the hard-working farm-
er, with the prices of wheat at $1 10, $1 20,
or $1 50 per bushel? Truly, if any class ever
paid tithes or tribute the farmers do to the
iron-men.
Therefore, from this brief showing, I sub-
mit to the committee that if this bill becomes
a law it will oppress and paralyze the great
mass of farmers throughout the country in a
most unwarranted degree. There cannot pos-
sibly be a sufficient justification for any such
imposition. The benefits to the Government
hold no sort of comparison to the vast sums of
money wrung directly from the people. It is
insisted that the Government will realize not
more than $3,000,000 from the operation of
this measure favoring the iron and steel inter-
ests of the country, but that, in addition to
this, it will cost the people, the iron con-
sumers, at least $15,000,000. all of which is
pocketed by a few huudred manufacturers of
pig iron and steel. This bill may be passed
