1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11
clause in the national Constitution which de-
clares that Congress shall guaranty to each
State a republican form of government. In-
side of this limitation, as I understand it, each
State has undoubted authority to regulate its
own internal affairs, always subject to the par-
amount obligations of the national Constitu-
tion.
Now, if these fundamental conditions con-
tain nothing but what is necessary and essen-
tial to the republican form of government in a
State, then we have a better guarantee to the
game effect than a legislative enactment can
give in the Constitution itself. If they include
and require more than a State can rightfully
do under the Constitution, or rather, I should
say. more than is essential to maintain a re-
publican form of government in a State, then
we have no rightful authority to impose them
on a State. In the first case, therefore, they
would be unnecessary, and in the latter case
they would be of no binding effect.
1 hat is my view of the case. The argument,
I know, is that although there may be no abso-
lute necessity for incorporating these condi tions
into these bills, yet they will lay the foundation
for any future interposition of Congress, if such
interposition should ever become necessary;
they will stand there as a kind of perpetual
admonition to the States to behave themselves.
I ask, Mr. President, whether the solemn obli-
gations of the fundamental law itself, the obli-
gations of the Constitution, are not better,
Broader, safer grounds upon which to predi-
cate present or future action of Congress in
reference to the regulation of the conduct of the
States ? If any State shall refuse to hearken to
the ad monitions of the Constitution, will itlisten
to the suggestions of a mere legislative enact-
ment? I think not. I can therefore see no
grounds of expediency of any value in this
kind of legislation.
It was for these reasons, among others, that
I voted against the incorporation of these fund-
amental conditions into the Virginia bill.
But, sir, when these conditions were incor-
porated in that bill I voted for the bill; and
Virginia having been placed under those con-
ditions, if we should now relieve Mississippi,
coming before us upon the same grounds and
under the same authority and with the same
clean hands that Virginia did, from these con-
ditions I think it would be discriminating
against Virginia offensively; and therefore,
having voted for the Virginia bill after these
conditions were imposed by the Senate, I see
no insuperable objection to voting for this bill.
I am perfectly indifferent whether the condi-
tions are adopted or not.
I desired simply to make this explanation,
not with a view of influencing the Senate, but
of correcting misapprehensions elsewhere, and
to avow the principles and motives which influ-
enced me in heretofore casting my vote against
these fundamental conditions and in now voting
for them.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I rise to make
a single remark, and I am led to make that
remark by what has been said by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] on the
present bill, and what has just fallen from the
honorable Senator from West Virginia, [Mr.
Willey.] They both take the ground that
these fundamental conditions are not author-
ized by the Constitution. Consequently, they
are opposed by the Constitution. What are
they ? Here the Senate is attempting to put,
as is conceded by these two honorable Sen-
ators, unconstitutional conditions upon a State,
and both of those Senators voted against the
imposition of those unconstitutional condi-
tions upon the State of Virginia. Now the
effort is renewed, and it is proposed by the
bill to place the same conditions upon the
State of Mississippi, and the honorable Sen-
ators, particularly my friend from West Vir-
ginia, take the position that it would be invidi-
ous to make a distinction between Virginia
and Mississippi; and because unconstitutional
conditions have been imposed by the Senate
upon Virginia, ergo, they will vote to impose
them upon the State ot' Mississippi. Now,
with the highest personal respect for my hon-
orable friend, the able Senator from West
Virginia, I do think that he has avowed a
totally insufficient ground to control his vote
upon this important proposition.
If we were now admitting a State into the
Union, on her constitution being presented to
the Senate for its examination, it would have
power to pass upon it in but a single point:
whether it is a republican form of government
or not. But here the Senate attempts to im-
pose two or three conditions upon the admis-
sion of a State into the Union, by the accept-
ance of her representation in the Senate, whbh
the honorable Senators concede to be uncon-
stitutional. Can gentlemen assume a stronger
position and a stronger argument than that
which is said to control their votes against the
proposed fundamental conditions? When the
conditions are admitted to be unconstitutional
by gentlemen themselves, I cannot conceive
of a more legitimate and a more forcible argu-
ment against the votes- which they express
themselves willing to give than that very con-
cession.
Sir, here is the mischief of precedents, and
of evil precedents: precedent becomes law.
A vicious and evil precedent of to-day is un-
questioned to-morrow. The next day it is
quoted as a precedent, and in subsequent days
it is quoted and relied upon as having all the
force and efficacy of law. I think every Sen-
ator who has opposed these fundamental con-
ditions is strengthened in his position of hos-
tility and opposition to these fundameutal
conditions by the position and avowals of the
two Senators to whom I have referred, of
course with the most perfect respect. It
shows the evil, the practical evil, of accepting
a vicious and unconstitutional precedent.
That argument is strengthened by the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator from Maryland
who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Vickers,] in
his reference to the bill that is pending before
the Senate to strip the Supreme Court of the
United States of a part of its constitutional
jurisdiction in relation to the writ of habeas
corpus. The only authority that is specially
referred to in the text of that bill in support
of the measure is the various evil and uncon-
stitutional precedents of Congress in relation
to the same and similar subjects—the recon-
struction measures.
I did not rise, Mr. President, to make any
argument on this subject, but merely to an-
nounce that, in my judgment, the position which
the two honorable Senators have assumed and
avowed in the Senate constitute reasons of
peculiar force and power why they and every
member of the Senate who deem these fund-
amental conditions to be unconstitutional
should vote against them.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I expect to
vote for the bill for the admission of Missis-,
sippi.; but I do not understand that it is neces-
sary in doing so that I should investigate the
past legislation of the country for the purpose
of settling any question of consistency. I have
never understood that the Republican party
of this country Was pledged to any system on
that question. They have never been pledged
to the details of any system on that question.
When the new State of Nevada came to be
admitted she came in here with a constitution
that knew nothing whatever in regard to this
question of impartial or universal suffrage.
When the State of Nebraska came here we had
taken one step forward; the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution had been adopted;
and then as a party, having no established pol-
icy on this subject except that within the Con-
stitution of the United States, intended to pro-
tect the loyalty of the country, you required
of Nebraska what you said had become neces-
sary in our onward progress toward the con-
summation of our reconstruction.
Then, when another State from the South
presents herself, and the question is how shall
she be admitted, shall she be admitted as
Nevada ? Perhaps so ; that will depend upon
the circumstances. Shall she come in as Ne-
braska? Perhaps so. Who knows? You do
not know, sir ; I do not know ; no man in this
Chamber knows until he investigates the cir-
cumstances under which she makes her appli-
cation ; and then, without any precedent, to
bind us on the subject, we within the pale of
the Constitution desire to do what is necessary
to accomplish the grand object of final and
triumphant reconstruction.
No man, therefore, in this Senate Chamber
can talk to any of us with regard to preserving
our consistency in what we shall vote for Mis-
sissippi. I vote in regard to Mississippi to-day
as my judgment dictates, and I would apply
no part of that principle to Texas to-morrow
unless I thought it absolutely necessary; but
when Texas comes here if her case is peculiar,
standing on its own individuality, I will vote
for something so unheard of as perhaps to
astound youil'I believe it is that which is neces-
sary to bring her in, tie up the interests of her
people, and guaranty to them a republican form
of government.
So much on the point of consistency. • You
ask me to impose upon the members of the
Legislature of Mississippi to-day an oath which
is set forth in this document before us. I will
not attempt to do that, but if it is put upon the
bill I will take the bill as thus amended. I will
not vote upon that proposition, and then when
it is carried abandon the bill. I will not stand
here in my place and advocate amendments to
a bill, and after the bill is consummated with
those amendments then turn upon the amend-
ments and the bill, abandon them entirely, and
leave them to whatever fate may overtake them.
I shall under all circumstances vote for the
bill for the admission of Mississippi when the
hour comes. 1 protest against imposing this
oath upon her Legislature, because already an
oath as strong has been imposed on the mem-
bers of that Legislature. They have sworn in
the presence of the Almighty God that they
were not disqualified as members of the Missis-
sippi Legislature by virtue of anything in their
State constitution or the Constitution of the
United States; and the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, by reason of the fourteenth amend-
ment adopted, rules them every one out if
they have been guilty of the crimes specified
in that fourteenth amendment. When, there-
fore, a member of the Legislature of Mississippi
takes that oath prescribed by the State, he takes
an oath, a searching one, which will admit of
no evasion on his part. I say, therefore, that
the oath I hold in my hand as being the oath
administered to the members of the Legislature
has already purged that Legislature of a few
men, or rather perhaps, more properly speak-
ing, there were some men offering themselves
as members who could not take their places
under that oath of their own, so broad, so com-
prehensive, so practical. I am willing, then,
to leave the interests of Mississippi and the
loyal people of Mississippi to that oath which
they themselves have incorporated into their
constitution.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to the question
of voting, it is proposed to put in this bill a
restriction upon them providing that they shall
never hereafter in all coming time change their
constitution from the basis on which it rests
to-day on the question of the right to exercise
the elective franchise. What have they done
on that subject? They have declared, in the
spirit of the fourteenth amendment, that every
man born in the State of Mississippi and living
there, and every citizen of the united States
residing there a certain time, shall have the
right of exercising the elective franchise. That
they have guarantied. What else have they
done ? They have adopted the fifteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and by that they have declared that neither tne
