4990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
I say encourage everybody, whether rich or
poor or of moderate nieaiis, to import these
books, for we are all gainers by such importa-
tion, not merely the immediate community,
but the whole country ; and-after his deaththe
book lives in some public library or institution
always, for the good of the country. There-
fore, I would encourage every such importa-
tion, and if I could have my way I would give
a bounty to the importation. Now, sir, in order
to complete this clause, I propose to add at
the end of it, which I think is in order, the
words I send to the Chair——
The PRESIDING. OFFICER. That is not
now in order.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken
on striking out I think it is in order to perfect
the whole proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Finance do not propose to strike out that
part of the clause which the Senator moves to
amend; but if there is no objection the Chair
will take the sense of the Senate on the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to submit some
information on the main proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is not in order now except by unan-
imous consent; but it will be read for inform-
ation.
The cnief Clerk. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts proposes to add to the clause the
words "books relating to sciences and the
Mr. SUMNER. This is the free list; and
I propose to add to it " books relating to
sciences and the arts."
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Massachusetts that
if he proposes to insert these words after the
semicolon following "United States," in line
fifty-seven, it will be in order; being in that
shape to perfect the matter proposed to be
stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I will propose
tO'insert it there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
amendment is in order in that shape.
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators may think this
is a trifling matter, but it involves large sums ;
and not to rest the case on my own opinion I
will read communications I have received from
Harper Brothers, from D. Appleton and Co.,
and from Charles Seribner & Co. Harper
Brothers, in their communication on this sub-
ject, say :
"The free list is open to objection, l'trends; 'Books,
maps, and charts specially imported in single copies,
and not for sale, of which.no editions are printed
in the United States; and books which have been
printed and manufactured more than twenty years.'
The single-copy clause discriminates against the
poor man, and would bo used as a cover for fraud
in bringing over a number of copies of any one book,
each addressed to separate individuals, though mem-
bers of the same family, or employes of the same
bookseller; and the copies thus procured might soon
bo found exposed for sale. The lust clauso, as to old
books, might be evaded by printing antedated title-
pages, and in this way any quantity of books, the
copyright of which liad expired, might come in."
Mr. Seribner, of tlie firm of Charles Seribner
& Co., says:
" Will you allow mo also to call your spccial atten-
tion to the clause in the bill, as passed, allowing the
importation of single copics of boolis for private use
free of duty; in other words, extending the privilege
hitherto limited to public libraries and institutions
to private parties? We see no more reason why any
one should be permitted to import books free than
c.irpets, furniture, jew elry, or any article of merchan-
dise. The result would be very damaging to American
booksellers and importers. It would throw a largo
business into the hands of foreign agents, who would
execute orders of private parties, which would other-
wise go through the regular trade, and it would open
tho doors to endless corruption.
In addition, I have a letter from a very in-
telligent gentleman, known to all Senators
present, who is connected with the press and
not interested particularly in this subject, who
says:
" Should thefreelist,which cannotnow be amended
in the House, get before your committee, I beg you
will look at the very loose clause in regard to books.
TJnder it individuals may import whole libraries of
tho most valuableand rare books, frecof duty, to the
ruin of every importer and publisher of reprints.
Not only that; persons can make a regular business
by going abroad and establishing agencies to flll
orders ot this character. It is stark Blank rum to
theimportingtrade, and works a serious fraud on the
revenue. What right have you or I to import free
of duty a ' single copy' of the Encyclopedia Britan-
niea, for instance, in twenty-two volumes, tho retail
cost of wliich in London is $125 gold?"
It must be remembered that the books which
are not reprinted in this country are expensive
books, sometimes worth from one to three
thousand dollars. Some of the publications
emanating from the press in England are worth
$3,000 for a series of volumes.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish the Senator would
name one.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was thinking at the
moment of the publication of the Animals
and Birds of America and of all Countries-
immense folio volumes. I have seen them.
They cost a very great deal of money. They
could be imported under this clause. There
are no editions of them printed in this coun-
try. They are immensely expensive. Now
public libraries can import them, and this will
allow private persons to import single copies.
To allow wealthy people, who are best able to
pay these duties, to import these very expens-
ive works free of duty would be of itself a
grievance; and then to do it in such a way
that any bookseller or any " rat," as they call
him in the trade, could undermine the regular
trade by bringing in books in the name of their
children, or cousins, or friends, certain orders
for valuable books, and thus destroy the trade,
it seems to me would be an act of injustice. I
have other letters, besides those which I have
read, from Appleton & Co., and quite a num-
ber of publishers, bearing the same testimony;
and when they were read the Committee on
Finance were unanimously of opinion that this
was a provision which ought not to be inserted
in the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me that this
proposition is very objectionable. It cuts at
the root of all the industry of our country.
Why should not an individual who desires these
rare books, and sends abroad to get them, pay
a duty to the Government? He is not so poor
that he cannot afford to do it; he must bo rich
before he is able to purchase these books, and
in that condition he ought to be willing to sup-
port the Government. If you allow the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts to
prevail you will at oncc strike at the root of
ail printing establishments in this country. It
is a well-known fact that in Germany they print
books in the English language at forty or fifty
or a still greater percentage less than we can
in this country. They will at once flood the
whole country with their books if you allow
this, because an individual would write to
Europe to get a library of standard books
which have been published more than twenty
years ago. Nearly all tho standard works
upon science, upon history, and a great many
other subjects, tho most important and expen-
sive hooks, have been published more than
twenty years ago. You would enable private
libraries everywhere to be filled up by individ-
uals who had money enough to send abroad
to buy rare and valuable books. You would
induce people to speculate in that way. Men
not really desiring these valuable books would
purchase them, because an individual could do
so, and when they got them here they would
sell them to other individuals.
I can see no portion of our industry so neces-
sary to be protected as that of the printer, who
consumes paper, who consumes oil, who con-
sumes iron in making his presses, and who gives
labor to so many intelligent persons. We have
been for years acting upon the principle that
we benefited the country by bringing works of
art into this country without a duty. The result
has been that wo have given encouragement to
foreign artists, in the place of protecting and
encouraging young men in that line in onr
own country. . . . ,
I think everything which is m the shape ot
a luxury is able to pay, and ouglit to be com-
pelled to pay as much duty as can be collected
from it. I trust' this amendment will not be
agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, if the
calamity which is deplored by the Senator from
Pennsylvania should actually fall upon this
'country ; if the common people and the un-
common people of America should be literally
overwhelmed and flooded with books, I do not
apprehend any danger to our institutions or
any harm to our people.
Mr. CAMERON. Neither do I. -
Mr. CARPENTER. Thereare, by common
consent, certain articles of importation which
the Government should encourage. _ That prin-
ciple is sustained in this bill. The importation
of bulls is a thing deserving of attention and
premium by this Government for the multipli-
cation of cattle; but the importation of books
for the multiplication of ideas and thought it
seems should be discouraged entirely. .
Now, sir, upon what do our institutions rest?
What basis have wo for the Government?
What is there under the sun the importation
of which should be encouraged if it be not
books and charts and maps, and all the facil-
ities and means of multiplying knowledge?
There is no escaping from the conclusion which
the Senator from Massachusetts has so well
and so frequently enunciated, your tariff upon
books is a tax upon knowledge. The Senator
from Pennsylvania says that no man wants a
book unless he is rich 
Mr. CAMERON. I did not say that. The
Senator will allow me to correct that. I did
not say any such thing. What I said was that
tho rich were able to pay for these rare books.
The poor and those anxious to gain useful
knowledge get their books in this country. IE
is the rich who seek that sort of knowledge
which they cannot get in this country, who
send abroad and expect us to be taxed for
their benefit.
Mr. CARPENTER. Whether a man is rich
or poor may settle the question whether he will
have a book or not, if m addition to the price
of the book abroad he has got to pay a tariff to
this country for importing it. But just the
object of striking this duty down is to euable
a class of men to have books who would be
too poor to have them if they had to pay
more money for them, and it comes, as I was
saying, distinctly to this proposition, that a
tariff laid upon books is a tax imposed upon
knowledge ; and if there is any one thing that
should have a premium, if there is anything
that deserves the encouragement of the Gov-
ernment, it is the importation of anything which
tends to increase the facilities of knowledge.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the amendment.
Mr. WARNER. If this were the direct prop-
osition of free trade in books, I think I should
be disposed to agree with the Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. Then their argument would be exactly
pertinent. If they proposed to make all books
free, and to put the interests of the people and
of knowledge above those of individual book-
makers of this country, I think I should meet
them on that broad ground; I could see the
pertinence and force of their argument. But
that is not this proposition of the committee.
This is not to make free trade in books, free
trade in knowledge, to open wide and free the
fountains the Senator from Massachusetts talks
so well about; but it is to give a few, a priv-
ileged class, the right to import single books.
I think wiih the Senator from Pennsylvania it
is an unfair and an unjust discrimination against
the musses of the people, who still are required
to pay for the books they use, and in favor of
peculiar and favored individuals, who may be
able by reason of the character of tho books
