4046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
abandoned property.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a report from a
conference committee, to which I suppose there
will be no objection. It is substantially the
aetion of the Senate before.
The report was read, as follows :
The committee of oonference on the disagreeing
votes of the twot Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the joint resolution (K. R. N0.173) to en-
able the Secretary of the Treasury to collect wrecked
and abandoned property, dorelict claims, and dues
belonging to the United States, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as fol-
lows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same, with the following amendment: insert in
line seven, alter the word " States," the word " and."
That the Senate recede from their third amend-
ment, and agree to the words proposed to be stricken
out, with the following amendment: m«ert in line
eight, after the word "interests," the following:
" lately in the*possession of or due to the so-called
confederate States or their agents, and now."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same.
JOHN SHERMAN,
WILLARD WARNER,
WILLIAM T. HAMILTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. A. PETERS,
STEVENSON ARCHER.
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
message from this house.
A message from the House of 'Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2111) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act amendatory of the organic law of
Colorado Territory, and for other purposes,"
approved May 4, 1870; and
A bill (H. II. No. 2112) to authorize the Sec-
retary of State to send home the remains of
Elisha N. Saulnier, late United States consul
at Vera Cruz.
ordim of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Indian ap-
propriation bill is now before the Senate, the
morning business having been concluded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to pass over the
appropriation bill, which will leave it the
unfinished business for to-morrow, so that we
may proceed to-day according to the order of
the Senate with unobjected cases on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator withdraw that to let me make a single
inquiry ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will re-
new it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If that is done
with the understanding that the Senate will
hold a session to-morrow for the consideration
of the appropriation bill I shall not object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can only speak for
myself. I am perfectly willing to hold asession
to-morrow to help on with the work. I have
no right to speak for anybody else.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, yes; we shall liave
a session to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to'the Senator
, from Maine that the fear is always that on Sat-
urday we may be left without a quorum ; and
some of the amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs involve very large
amounts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I think
we ought to go on with the appropriation bill
to-day.
Mr. CORBETT. 'I hope wo shall proceed with
the Indian bill, as other important appropria-
tion bills will soon be before the Senate, and it
is important to get this out of the way.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not go on with the
appropriation bill and let the order for the Cal-
endar go over until to-morrow?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us find out what the
view of the Senate is. I renew my motion to
pass over this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermortt, to
pass over the appropriation bill.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 30.
Mr. POMEROY" called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I ask the Chair Jto
explain to the Senate what the effect of this
vote will-be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the effect of passing over the appro-
priation bill is to make the following rule
operate to-day:
"And on Friday of each week the Calendar shall
be proceeded with by considering only the bills and
joint resolutions to which no objection may be
made ; and such objection, if made, shall have the
effect to pass the bill or resolution over, and shall be
enforced without debate."
The Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Carpenter,
Chandler, Edmunds, Ferry, Hamlin, Howe, Howell,
Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Os-
born, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Scott, Spencer,
Stewart. Sumner. Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Willoy,'
and Williams—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Abhott, Ames, Bayard, Boreman,
Buckingham, Cameron. Casserly, Cole, Corbett,
Davis. Drake, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Johnston, McCrecry,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Pool, Pratt,
llevels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman,
Sprague, Vickers, and Warnei—32.
ABSENT—Messrs.Cattell,Oonkling, Cragin, Ron-
ton, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Lowis. Norton,'
Sawyer, Stockton, Thurman,Wilson, and Yates—13.
So the motion to pass over the appropriation
bill was not agreed to.
house bills referred.
The bill (II. R. No. 2111) to amend an act
entitled " An act amendatory of the organic
law of Colorado Territory, and for other pur-
poses,'' approved May4, 1870, wasread twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
The bill (H. R. No. 2112) to authorize the
Secretary of State to send home the remains
of Elisha N. Saulnier, late United States con-
sul at Vera Cruz, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from thePresident of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the 18th ultimo, the correspond-
ence of Mr. Bancroft, the minister of the •
United States at Berlin, relating to political
questions in Germany ; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, submitted amendments intended to be
proposed to the bill (EI. Ii. No. 1533) making
appropriations forthe naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1871 ; which were referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to bo printed.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
1169) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations (so
called) with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Harlax, to insert the following item on
page 4, after line seventy-one:
For this amount, or so much thereof as mav be
necessary, lor the subsistence of the Arapahoe, Chey-
enne. Apache, Kiowa, and Comanche Indians, who
haveboen collected and located upon thereservations
set apart for their use and occupation by the treaties
made with them in 18G7, $2-0,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Before proceed-
ing with the bill I desire, so as not to be invid-
ious, to ask the Chair to enforce the fourth rule
of the Senate. It. is not applicable now; but
I apprehend that it may be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators are
aware what the rule is. It need not be re-
ported.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps it had
better be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
"4. No Senator shall speak more than twice in any
one debate oa the same day without lea.ve of the
Senate; which question,- shall bo decided without
debate."
Mr. STEWART. I should like an explana-
tion of the rule, whether that refers to. a debate
upon a single amendment or any debate upon
the bill. Does not each amendment furnish a
new debate ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us wait until that
question arises.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ As no point of
order is made now the Chair will not antici-
pate the decision of such a case until it arises.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Chair will
enforce the rule, and everybody will under-
stand it.
Mr. POMEROY. I wanted to ask'the Sen-
ator from Maine if he would allow a bill that
I think will occasion no debate to be at least
read, and the amendments of the committee
agreed to ; and if it leads to any debate then
I shall not ask for a vote at this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should be ex-
ceedingly gratified to oblige the, honorable
Senator; but I wanfrto go on with this bill and
dispose of it.
Mr. POMEROY. I of course am at the
disposal of the Senator. I only ask it-
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rather think
the honorable Senator will see he ought not to
put me in the position of objecting. There
are other gentlemen who would appeal to me
in like manner.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on with the
bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I will only remark that
I shall embrace the earliest opportunity to get
the action of the Senate on the bill which I
wish to call up. It is a matter in which we have
deep interest, and it has been long delayed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is to insert on pnge
4, after line seventy-one, the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary,for the subsistence of the Arapahoe. Chey-
enne, Apache, Kiowa, and Comanche Indians, who
have been collected and located upon thereservations
set apart for their use and occupation by the treaties
made with them in 3S67, $220,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear my
friend from Iowa explain that in a few words.
Mr. HARLAN. These Indians were hostile
but a year since, were roaming Indians who
lived by the hunt. They have been collected
by direction of the Government in the Indian
territory, near Fort Cobb, where it is hoped
they may be retained, with a view of preventing
further depredations on the inhabitants of the
frontier. There is no provision made in the
bill elsewhere for their subsistence for the
coming fiscal year. Unless they are provided
for they of course will scatter and attempt
to make their living by the chase, and it is be-
lieved will engage in their accustomed course
of marauding on the frontier.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Indians Affairs
whether these are the tribes that were embraced
in the arrangement of the peace commission
to occupy this particular reservation ?
Mr. HARLAN. They are the same tribes
of Indians. A part of them live north, but
they are the same tribes with which the peace
commissioners made a treaty and set off for
thein a reservation in the west part of what is
known as the Indian territory, immediately
south of the St-ate of Kansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by the
