1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4047*
Committee on Indian Affairs to propose this
amendment, to come in on page 9, after line
two hundred and ton:
For this amount, to be paid in coin, to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to fulfill treaty stipulations
relative to the payment of annuities with the Chip-
powas of Lake Superior, the Chippewas of Saginaw,
Swan creek, and Black river. theOttawas and Chip-
pewas of Michigan, Indians of the Mackinaw agency
in the State of Michigan, $30,753 47; being the aggre-
gate difference between the coin value of payments
made in currency during the years 1863 and 18134, at
the datesof Treasury warrants; and the amounts due
in coin by treaty stipulations, with interest at tha
rate of five per cent, per annum from dates of said
Treasury warrants, to Juno 30,1870.
For the erection of a dock for the use of Chippewa
Indians of Lake Superior, at L'Ansc bay, $1,600.
For the relief of 0-shou-wau-no, chief, on account
of destruction of bis buildings in the construction of
tlie Sault Stc. Marie canal, $800.
For repairing agency buildmgs at Mackinaw and
Sault Ste. Marie, SI,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the chairman of the
committee if it is usual for Congress to pay the
difference in value between coin and green-
backs in adjusting these matters with Indians?
1 know that policy is not adopted in business
transactions with white men, and I should like
to know if it is customary to take that course
in reference to Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. It is not, except where the
treaty provides for payment in coin. In this
case the treaty provides that these several sums
shall be paid to the Indians in coin. They
were, in fact, paid to them in currency when
currency was below par in value. In every
case where the attention of Congress has been
called to the question they have made similar
appropriations to fulfill the treaties according
to the letter.
Mr. SHERMAN. My attention has just this
moment been called to this proposition ; and
if this amendment is adopted we shall be com-
pelled to go back to the payments made during
every year of the war, and it will involve not
less than $1,500,000. The honorable Sen-
ator says this payment only applies to treaties
where the money was payable specifically in
coin ; but as all these treaties were made before
the war, under the decision of the Supreme
Court they are specifically payable in coin, just
as much payable in coin as if there was a spe-
cific requirement that they should he paid in
coin. By the decision of the Supreme Court
treaties, contracts, and obligations subsisting
before the passage of the legal-tender act are
payable in coin. If this principle is once
adopted (and I do not know but that it is just)
it opens up a wider field for investment than
this amendment. Indeed, if this is done I can-
not see any reason why you should refuse to
pay the difference between coin and paper
money from February, 1862, up to this hour.
I do not think it is wise for us to open this
question. I think it would be a very embar-
rassing one.
Mr. HARLAN. This amendment does not
open up the question suggested by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio. In this case the
treaty provides in terms for the payment in
coin. It is so stipulated in words in the treaty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the date of the
treaty?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not remember exactly
the date; but it was made long before the war.
The other question may be raised some time,
of course, but it is not involved in the adoption
of this amendment. As I before observed, in
every other case where the attention of Con-
gress has been called to the subject they have
made appropriations to carry into effect treaties
in accordance with the exact provisions of the
treaties. When the treaty provides for the
pavment of so much money without naming
f the kind of funds to be paid the Indians have
been paid in currency; but where the treaty
itself stipulates that they shall be paid in silver
or in gold or in coin, Congress has heretofore
made the appropriation either for coin or its
equivalent, and tbis is all that is contemplated
by thin amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. _ I am also instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to propose an
amendment on page 20, after line four hundred
and sixty-nine to insert:
For this amount, improperly diverted from the sum
of $10,000 heretofore appropriated to defray the ex-
penses of negotiating treaty with the Creek nation
of Indians, as provided in the fourteenth article of
the treaty of June 14,18G6, to be paid to the proper
authorities of the Creek nation, $1,482.
For this amount, to be expended in the repair of
the mission school building, near the Arkansas river,
on account of damage done to the same by the Uni-
ted States troops after the close of the war, $2,000.
For this amount, belonging to certain Creek res-
ervces, under tho treaty of 1832, withheld from thein,
and in the hands of the late Crook agent, W. H. Gar-
rett, at tho time of his death, to be paid to said res-
ervees or to their heirs, under tho direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, and if said claimants can-
not bo identified then to be paid to tho authorities
of tho Creek nation for national expenses, $650.
For the fulfillment of the provisions of the third
and fourth articles of the treaty with the Creek na-
tion, concluded June 14, 1866, fi our the proceeds of
sales of lands to the Sominoles, to be applied pro
rata on the several amounts awarded and approved
by the Secretary of tho Interior, $100,000, payment
to be made to each claimant or to his or her heirs in
person.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out the
words about paying the damage done by the
troops of the United States to some of their
property. That had better be left for future
consideration.
Mr. MORIIILL, of Maine. I should like
to have this general amendment divided so as
to have tho question taken first on the first
paragraph.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in tho chair.) The ques-
tion will be on the first paragraph, a division
being asked for.
The item was read, as follows :
For this amount, improperly diverted from the
sum ol'$10,000 heretofore appropriated to defray tho
expenses of negotiating treaty with tho Creek nation
of Indians, a,s provided in the fourteenth article of
the treaty o 1 June It, 1860, to be paid to the proper
authoutics of the Creek nation, &1.182.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that to be the difference between $10,000 appro-
priated for a particular purpose and the sum
which was diverted from that $10,000 for an-
other purpose by the Government. This is to
make that good. 1 do not see any objection
to that.
Mr. IIARLAN. Let the question be taken
on that part first.
The item was agreed to.
The next item of the amendment was read,
as follows:
For this amount, to be expended in tho repair of
the mission-school building near the Arkansas river,
on account ofdauiagodonotothesamebythe United
States troops alter the close of the war, $2,000.
Mr. HARLAN. In relation to this item,
which was referred to by the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] I have
this only to say: at the close of the war the
troops tore down a part of the school edifice
belonging to the Creek nation of Indians, and
used the brick to build ovens in which to bake
their bread. This was a very good edifice,
built of brick, one hundred feet in length, two
or three stories high, with a wing. The Indians
have been unable to repair it. They are keep-
ing their school in one end of the house, doing
the best they can with it in its dilapidated con-
dition. The committee thought it was right
for the Government to repair it. The soldiers
tore it down and used the brick, as the com-
mittee were informed, in erecting ovens in
which to bake their bread while they were
stationed in this Territory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from Iowa what evidence he has, and to
ask him to be kind enough to have it read to
us, on the existence of the precise state of facts
upon which he has argued that it is right to put
in this appropriation. How does he get his
proof that this was an act of wanton destruction
by the soldiers after the war had closed?
Mr. HARLAN. I think there are perhaps
some papers in the possession of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations on this
subject, but I will state frankly to the honor-
able Senator from Vermont that the.Committee
on Indian Affairs relied on the statement of a
Creek Indian who is here, one of their chiefs,
a cultivated, educated man 5 whom, I am* sure,
the honorable Senator himself would believe
if he had him before him and would converse
with him on the subject. There is no doubt in
the mind of any member of the committee of
the fact of the destruction of the building, but
I think there is some additional evidence in
the hands of the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not doubt that this
Creek Indian—although I know nothing about
him—is a man who means to state the thing as
it is; but we all of us have lived long enough
to know that there are always two sides to a
story, no matter how honest the two parties
may be. We have no information from the
War Department derived from the officers in
command of that body of soldiery ; and yet,
upon the ex parte statement of a person hav-
ing, as he thinks, a claim against the Govern-
ment, we propose to go into this doubtful
ground of paying for military damages which
took place about the time of the close of the
war, when the troops were withdrawing. I do
not think we ought to do that upon an appro-
priation bill. Let us consider it on a bill for
the special relief of these Indians, so that the
Committee 011 Claims can hear both sides, and
ascertain what the fact is. I certainly hope
the Senate will not take the responsibility of
adopting an amendment of this character,
which is unnecessary in this bill, as my friend
must see.
Mr. HARLAN. I only have this to say,
that I would prefer if I can have 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will be compelled to enforce the fourth rule on
the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. IIARLAN. I ask unanimous consent,
to proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unanimous
consent is asked.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We had better
stick to the rule, Mr. President.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask if it would not meet
the views of the Senator from Vermont to
strike -out in line fifty, after the word " river,''
down to and including the word " war," in line
fifty-two; so that then it would read:
For this amount, to be expended in I he rerair of
tho mission-school building, near the Arkansas
river, $2,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not alter the
fact.
Mr. CORBETT. I did not know but that
the Senator had objection to the statement that
it was done by our troops.
Mr. DAVIS. In relation to the appropria-
tion of money to repair the school-house of the
Creek Indians a very intelligent and appar-
ently a very frank and candid chief of that
nation was before the committee, and his state-
ment satisfied every member of the committee
of the truth of the fact which he stated. The
suggestion that this claim shall be brought
before the Committee on Claims will give rise
to a greater loss even to the Treasury of the
United States, in a protracted examination and
a decision upon its merits, than this petty
appropriation of $2,000 amounts to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the item by striking out " $2,000" and insert-
ing " $1,000."
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to*
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed
to—ay.es twenty-three, noes not,poui>taed.
Mr., CORBE IT. I move to strike out the-
words which I suggested, "on account ot
