4902
THE OONGRE8SION AL. GLOBE.
June 2$,
that include merely physical science,, or dpes
it extend to moral science, to.political science,
or what not? I do not know what certainty
there is in such a proposition as that. But,
apart from that, whether it. relates only to
physical science, or to.pplitical science, or to
moral, science^ or whether it includes all three,
it allows all the importers to bring in their,
mere articles of merchandise free,of duty; and
if we are.to do. that, then make all books free,
for there is no reason for a discrimination.
J intend to vote against striking out the
provision in ths House bill, and am willing
to take it just as it is; but I am not willing
to put all books on the free list. I hope
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, with great respect to him, will be voted
down.
Mr. SUMNER. If there were no objection
to my moving this separately, independent of
the pending amendment 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That can be done.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I withdraw it;
and, with the permission of the Seuate, I will
afterward move it separately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
have the right to move it after the amendments
of the committee have been gone through with.
Theameudtnentof the Senator from Massachu-
setts is withdrawn. The question is on the
amendment of the Committee on Finance,
striking out the part which has been read.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to ask whether it
is in order to offer an amendment to the part
proposed to be stricken out? *
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have one amendment
that, 1 think, may obviate the objection that
seems to exist in the miuds of certain Senators.
I wish to add, after the word "specially" in
line iifty-live, the words " ordered-and," and
after the word "copies," in line fifty-six, to
insert " by the owner so as to read:
Books, maiis, ami charts specially ordered and
imported in single copies by tho owuer, and not for
sale.
So that it will be a direct transaction of his
own, and that book-sellers shall not be allowed
to take part in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, to perfect the part proposed to be
stricken out.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDIUM P. The question
recurs on the amendment ot' the Committee on
Finance, to strike out the words which have
been rend.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 27, nays 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Corbctt.Cragin, Brake, l?enton, Gilbert, Ham-
lin, Howell, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Revels, Rico, Robertson,
Ross. Scott, Sliorman, Stewart, Thayer. Warner,
and Williams—27.
NAYS —Messrs. Bayard, Boroman, Ca.rpe.ntei,
Casserly, Cole, Davis, iidmunds, 3?owlcr, Hamilton
of Maryland, liar bin, Harris, Johnston, KelhisR,
Morton, Sawyer. ISeimrz. teprague, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Thurinan, Vickers, Willey, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brovvnlow.
Buckingham, Uattcll, Ferry, llanaaau, Hamilton
of Texas, Howard, llovve, Lewis, MeCteery,
Morrill of Maine, Norton, Patterson, Pool, Ram-
sey, Saulssbury, Spencer, Tipton. Trumbull, and
Yates—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask permission of the
Senator from Ohio to offer an amendment in
reference to this clause now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather go through
the free list. We are nearly through.
Mr. SIJMNER. But as we are on this now,
it will be perhaps economy of time.
Mr. SHERMAN. If 1 yield to the Senator
in that particular, 1 should have to yield to
others.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to know
how the paragraph we have just voted on now
stands.
•The VICE PRESIDENT. It was mis-
printed. It now stands:
Books which liavo been printed and manufactured
more than twenty years.
. That is an item in the free list.
Mr, EDMUNDS. " Maps and charts" are
left out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They , are out.
If there be no objection, the Chair will at this
ticue, at the request of Senators interested, lay
before the Senate some amendments of the
House of Representatives to Senate bills.
MESSAGE FROM T1IE UOUSH.
A message front the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clintok Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the
following bills and joint resolutions of the Sen-
ate without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 509) for the relief of the
inhabitants of Salt Lake City, in the Territory
of U tah;
A bill (S. No. GIG) to repeal certain sec-
tions of acts passed by the territorial Legis-
lature of Wyoming;
A bill (S. No. 032) to amend an act entitled
"An act to carry into effect provisions of the
treaties between the United States, China,
Japan, Siam, Persia, and other countries, giv-
ing certain judicial powers to ministers and
consuls and other functionaries of the United
States in those countries, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 22, 1860;
A bill (S. No. 843) to confirm the title of
the heirs of Oervacio Nolan, deceased, to cer-
tain lands in the Territory of Colorado ;
A bill (S. No. 996) to relieve Henry A.
Badham from the legal and political disability
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 218) author-
izing the First National Bank of Fort Smith,
Arkansas, to change its location and name; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 230) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to change the
name of the steam yacht Fanny.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 834) to create a
port of delivery at Vallejo, California, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (II. R. No. 2165)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 80, 1871, and for other purposes, in
winch it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
LAND DISTRICT IN KANSAS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to I he bill (S. No. 893) to estab-
lish an additional land district in the State of
Kansas.
The amendment was at the cud of line six
to insert the words "and west of the sixth
principal meridian.''
On motion by Mr. POMEROY, it was
UcMiLvcd, That the Senate '1 i 'a--rcc to the amend-
ment ol the llout cut ltepri^entativcj to the said bill,
and a-k a. conference wilh the Iloiif-e on the dis-
agieeing votes ol'tho fwoHou^e* thereon.
It was, by unanimous consent,
Ordered, That tlie conferees on the partoftheSen-
ate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr,
Pomuroy, Mr. Hahlan, and Mr. Davis.
POINT SIN JOSE It K S E1IVATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 241) to lelinquish
the interest of the United States in certain
lands to the city and county of San Francisco.
The amendment was in section one, line
thirty-five, after the words "shore line" to
insert "and including the entire water front
between Laguna street and Van Ness avenue."
Mr. SCHURZ. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
concurrence personally, although-I must say
that I regard the amendment of the House as
invalid, because it undertakes to divest the title
of the State to land between high and low
water mark and vest it in the United States.
Mr. COLE. I can see no objection to con-
curring in the amendment-.
The amendment was concurred in.
HOUSE BILLS RBU'EJiRBD.
The following bills of the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below :
The bill (H. R. No. 1538) to regulate the
appraisement and inspection of imports in
certain cases, and for other purposes—to the
Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. li. No. 2350) to discontinue the
Clarkville, Arkansas, land district, and estab-
lish an additional land district In that State—
to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (II. R. No. 2105) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment forthe year ending June 30,1871, and for
other purposes—to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
MESSAGE 1'llOM TIIK HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Cleik, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 103) for tho relief of certain
officers of the Navy.
EIvROLLISD JilLLS SiUNJSD.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 81) for the benefit of Margaret
Riddle, widow and executrix of George Read
Riddle;
A bill (S. No. 339) giving priority to certain
cases to which a State is a, party in the courts
of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 883) granting a pension to
John W. Salyers, a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (S. No. 722) to establish the western
judici.il district of Wisconsin;
A bill (H. It. No. 1395) for the relief of
Charles Cooper, Goshorn A. Jones, Jerome
Rowley, William Hannegan, and John Ha-n-
liegau;
A bill (H. R. No. 2111) to amend an act,
entitled "An act amendatory of the organic
law of Colorado Territory, and for other pur-
poses," approved May 4, 1870 ;
A bill (H. R. No.-2348) granting the right
of way to the Carthage, Watertown, and Saok-
ett's Harbor Railroad Company ; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 354) in rela-
tion to female clerks in the Internal Revenue
Bureau.
EXECUTIVE SE.-'SIO.V.
Mr. CONKLING. We have made a good
deal of progress with the tax bill to-day, and
yet it is very apparent that it is not to be fin- '
ished to-day, and I fear not to be finished
until to morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate has
resolved to meet to-night.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware of that, and
I have a motion to submit if the Chair will
indulge me. There are on tho executive Cal-
endar various things which I think should be
disposed of. There is one matter to which 1
cannot with propriety more specifically allude,
but which I think should receive action, not
only for its importance, but for considerations
of propriety which pertain in reference to its
early consideration, and as to which the mutter
of time is very important. In the hope of
reaching a result which will look to final action
upon the measure to which I refer;^-ithin the
time when it should be considered, I move that
the Senate proceed now to the consideration
of executive business.
