4048,
THE .CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.,
June 3,
damage done to the same by the United States
troops after the cjose of the war,"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next item of the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs was read, as follows:
For this amount, belonging to certain Creek res-
ervees, under the treaty of 1832, withheld from them,
and in the hands of the late Creek agent,W. H. Gar-
rett, at the time of his death, to be paid to said res-
ervees or to their heirs, under the direction of the
bccrotary of the Interior, and if said claimants can-
n?^,"e identified, then to be paid to the authorities
oi the Greek nation for national purposes, $650.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise the point of order
on that clause, and I hope that the point of
order, if well taken, will be enforced against
the other amendments. It is a private claim ;
it, does not even show the date when it accrued.
The money, it seems, was in the hands of W.
II. Garrett "at the time of his death," and
not paid over. Now, if this amendment be
allowed, there is fio restraint upon this class
of appropriations
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will lie compelled to rule that the point of order
is ft fjll taken.
Mr. DA\'ltt Will not the Chair allow us
to make a Miggestion on that point of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly,
J,he Senator from Kentucky will be beard,
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it is no private
claim, according to my comprehension of it.
The Government owed these Indians a certain
amount of money ; it was the duty of the Gov-
ernment to pay it ; the Government has not
paid it ; it sent I he money by iis a:;ent, who did
not pay it, and consequently tin; Government
stiil owes it, as though it bad never made any
attempt whatever to pay it. Instead of being
a private; claim, it, is a claim of tiie nation
HS'tinst. this Government, as f understand, in
the execution of a treaty stipulation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. [ do not put the same
construction on this matter that the Senator
from Kentucky does, for the amendment pro-
vides that this amount shall be paid to certain
(.'reek reservees or to their heirs, ''and if said
claimants cannot he identified, then to be paid
to the authorities of the Creek nation;" so that
it appears to bo a claim by private individuals
and the payment is to be made to those private
individuals or to their heirs; but if they be
ue.al 111- their lions cannot, be found, it is to be
paid to the nation. So that in point of fact it
. is a claim by these reservees or their heirs
against the Government, and the amount, is
only to be paid to the nation in the event that
Un; individuals or their heirs cannot be found.
'J hat is a very extraordinary provision, it strikes
me. If this money belongs to these people
they ought to have it; if not, why should it bo
paid to somebody else?
Mr. DAVIS. A single word. This claim
is precisely of t,he same nature as it would be
between the United States Government and a
citizen or subject of a foreign country. The
United States, forinstance, becomes obligated
by a treaty stipulation to pay money to a sub-
ject of a foreign country. That is not in the
nature of a private claim, because the subject
of a foreign country cannot demand the pay-
ment; it has to be demanded by the Govern-
ment of the foreign country, and here the indi-
vidua, indian cannot demand the payment;
but the government of the Indian tribe is the
medium to demand it, and through which the
payment is to be made. I tlimk it is not in
the natuie of a private claim.
.Mr. CORBET l\ 1 understand  
'J he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
a>./teres to in's decision, and if Senators object
they may take an appeal ; otherwise it is not
debatable.
Air. CORULrj. I understand this case- 
Ine PREsiDiAG OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Oregon take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair?
Mr. CORBETT. I supposed, asithad been
discussed, I might be allowed to make a remark
in explanation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chfur
will hear the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. CORBETT. This Mr. Garrett was the
agent of the Government, Up gave bonds to
the Government of the United States for the
faithful performance of his duties. The Gov-
ernment of the United Slates paid to him the
money to pay to these Indians; but he never
paid the money. He was the agent to deliver
this money. He gave bonds to the Govern-
ment, and he took the money there, and used
it for some other purpose, for himself perhaps,
and never paid it to the Indians. Now, I claim
that the Indians are entitled to the money from
the Government of the United States, aud the
United States have got to look to this Mr.
Garrett and his bondsmen for repayment to
them. That, it seems to me, is the position
of the case. 1 do not wish to appeal from' the
decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that this amendment comes under the
thirtieth rule, and therefore should be excluded
as a private claim.
Mr. HARLAN. I will take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. HARLAN. I differ from the Chair with
very great respect and distrust of my own judg-
ment; but the facts of tho case are these: the
United States holds money now in the Treas-
ury belonging to certain Creek Indians, the
proceeds of the sales of certain reservations
which they once owned east of the Mississippi
river. ^ The money is now in the Treasury.
Iliat it belongs to these Creek Indians there
is no question. This amendment proposes to
appropriate tho money out of the Treasury to
the persons to whom it belongs. Jt is in pre-
cisely the same category with an appropriation
for the pay of members of Congress. Under
an implied contract the Government agrees to
pay members of Congress $5,000 a year. We
pass bills each year appropriating money out
of the Treasury in pursuance of that implied
contract. It would Leftist as fair, as it seems
to me, to insist that each member's claim to
salary was a private claim against the Govern-
ment as to insist that the claim of these Creek
Indians for money now held by the Govern-
ment belonging to them is a private claim.
Mr. DAVIS. A single word. This is a trust
fund m the Treasury belonging to the Creek
Indians. The question simply is whether 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
regrets to be compelled to enforce tho fourth
rule upon tho Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, the Chair does not,
I think, correctly comprehend the fourth rule,
because this is a different question. This is
upon^ the appeal; it is not upon the same
question 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is mistaken, and withdraws the suggestion.
_ Mr. DAVIS. I will make a single sugges-
tion in a word. This is simply a proposition
that the United States Govern merit shall pay
this trust fund over to the ccstui que trusts.
Is that in the nature of a private claim agaiust
the Treasury of the United States ? It is only
necessary to state the proposition that it may
answer itself.
Mr. CORBEIT. I think the case was very
well stated by the chairman of the committee.
If we make an appropriation for our salaries!
and the Secretary of the Senate draws that
money and uses it for his own purposes, then
you sa.v we have got to look to the Secretary
of the Smi-oe and not to the Government of
the Limed States.^ It seems to me it is very
wiong, and that is precisely a similar case
The Government has got to look to the Sec-
retary and bis bondsmen, and we look to the
Government of the United Stales.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose it is proper to
say one word in support of the decision of the
Chair. This money, according to this amend-
ment, was put into the hands of Garrett, to be
paid to certain individuals. He did not pay
the money to, those individuals. Those indi-
viduals or their heirs are entitled to the money,
and this is an allowance to those individuals,
or tfyeir heirs, for money that was withheld by
this man Garrett.
It has been time and again decided, I think,
that the allowance to an agent of the Govern-
ment, to a consul, or to a foreign minister, for
extra salary, or for compensation withheld,
could not be j>ut upon an appuopriation bill,
because it was in tho nature of a private claim.
Now this, if there be any such thing as a private
claim, is a claim by these individuals. It is
no argument to say that the money is in the
Treasury of the United States. All money
belongingto the Governments in the Treasury
of the United States, and when we make an
appropriation for any purpose we appropriate
so much money out of the Treasury of the
United States, whether we appropriate it for
tdie_ use of a nation or the use of an individual.
This is an appropriation for these individuals
or their heirs ; and in the event that they can-
not be found, it is true provision is made that
the money shall be paid to the Creek nation ;
but I think that is an objection to this amend-
ment. This money either belongs to these
people or it does not. If it does belong to
them they ought to have it; but if they cannot
be found the money should belong to the Gov-
ernment, and should not be donated to the
Creek nation, to be used for their particular
benefit.
Air. EDMUNDS. On this question of appeal
I simply wish to say a word. The point is a
very unimportant one so far as this small sum
is concerned, except to have the practice of the
Senate correct. It is obviously, on the face of
the amendment, a private claim. It is to go to
certain individual persons or to their heirs,
and it is therefore just as much a private claim
as if it were for only one person. The fact
that there are half a dozen does not alter the
nature of this claim upon the Treasury. That
being the case, it appears to me plain that the
ruling of the Chair is right.
Mr. HARLAN. One other word. The case
presented by the honorable Senator from Oregon
of a consul abroad who applies for an increase
of salary would be a parallel case with this if
Garrett were applying here for an increase of
his salary. That is not the question. It is a
question whether the Government of tho Uni-
ted States will pay to these Creek Indians tho
money in its Treasury now belonging to them ;
and the case I before presented, as it seems
to me, is perfectly conclusive. We had a dis-
bursing officer here, or a subordinate to the dis-
bursing officer of the Senate, who absconded,
who used money belonging to the Government,
drawn by the Secretary of the Senate with
which to pay the salaries of Senators. The
tact of the absorption of that money for his
private use surely would not convert the claim
of each Senator for his salary and mileage into
a Prlvate efaim merely because the disbursing
officer of the Senate misapplied the money
drawn from the Treasury by him with which
to pay the salaries of Senators. This case is
precisely parallel. Garrett, as agent of tho
Indians, drew the money to pay these claims
and absconded with the money without pay-
ing it over to the parties to whom it belonged,
lhey now apply de novo for payment from the
1 reasury of the United States. It surely would
not have been a private claim if Garrett had
never been appointed Indian agent. It is an
amount liquidated, an amount ascertained and
allowed to these Indians, the proceeds of the
sates of their own lands held by the Govern-
ment, as the honorable Senator from Kentucky-
has well remarked, in trust for these Indians,
it is ^not a claim for damage. It is not a
private claim in any ordinary sense of that
word. In my humble judgment, if this can
