1216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
fundamental conditions onght aot to be im-
posed at all. It is an attempt here to urge the
judgment of the Judiciary Committee upon the
Senate in defiance of the settled and deliber-
ately expressed judgment of both Houses of
Congress.
Mr. President, I wish to notice one feature
of this matter: that coincident with these at-
tempts to brine the Senate into subjection to
the judgment of the Judiciary Committee are
the repeated attacks by the members of that
committee upon the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] Sir, it strikes
painfully upon the minds of many that the gen-
tlemen who take position upon these recon-
struction acta alongside of the Democratic
Senators on this floor are the same gentlemen
who undertake here, by a series of attacks, to
wound and degrade the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts. And, sir, in this effort we have
had scenes presented here which must have
been painful to every Senator on this floor, as
they nave been painfal to the country. Sir,
that honorable Senator needs no defense from
me; nor did he need torisein his seat yester-
day and defend his record upon these great
questions. But, sir, the thing that I notice is
not the attacks made upon him as to their sub-
stance, but the fact apparent to the country,
and which I wish the whole country would
observe, that the members of the very com-
mittee that are assailing all these fundamental
■conditions, placing themselves in the attitude
of voting with the-Democratic Senators here
against them, are the very Senators who alone
assail that distinguished Senator.
>-• Mr. President, as before when the Virginia
bill was up, so now again when the Mississippi
bill is up, I ask for an explanation of this thing.
I got it not before, and I fear I shall not get it
now. What does it mean,-this drawing together
of heretofore opposed and discordant elements
into a focus of opposition to that which the
majority of the Republicans in both Houses of
Congress have up to this time sustained ? I
ask for light. I ask for information. I ask for
an unfolding here on the floor of the Senate
and before the country of that which I am not
■ able to «ee into. I asked before in vain ; I
think it likely I ask now in vain. Sir, if there
is to be a new arrangement in the Senate, if
conservative Republicanism is to develop itself
in the Senate as opposed to radical Republic-
anism, why can they not speak out and let us
know it? I do not say thait it is so; but there is
a billing and a cooing in the votes here, a dove-
tailing iA the yeas and nays between Repub-
lican Senators and Dempcratic Senators that
I do not understand. Perhaps it may be because
■ my head is dull, my perception obtuse ; but
perhaps there may be something that it is not
intended in this stage of the game shall be
open to the perception 6f Senators and of the
country. If there is it will develop itself in
good time; if there is not why can it not be
said that there is not ?
Sir, I wish to have it distinctly understood,
so far as I myself am concerned, that I am
ready, just as sooA as conservative Republican-
ism affiliating with Democracy manifests itself
on the floor of the Senate, to meet the struggle
which must come then. Radicalism in this
country is an element that cannot be kept down.
,It means the preservation of this country to
freedom and to loyalty, and it means no tam-
• pering with Conservatism in any shape. On the
very first occasion that I spoke in this body, I
announced that I belonged to the Radicals of
this land. I stand in that position yet, and I
expect to stand so to the end. It is only Radi-
calism which tears up evils by the roots; Con-
servatism trims off only the upper branches.
I intend to deal with the root; and, sir, we
might as well meet it on this Occasion as on
any other. We met it before on Virginia; let
us meet it again now, stand by what we have
done, adhere to the policy of thfe two Houses
of Congress, and not suffer ourselves to go back
upon the tracks we have heretofore made.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I desire to
make but a few remarks upon the bill before a
vote is taken. I would prefer the immediate
admission of the Senators and Representatives
from Mississippi without any bill. As I cannot
obtain that, I come next to the bill as reported
by the Judiciary Committee. I will briefly
advert to the action of that committee. They
have acted like men not bent on the suppression
or retarding of humafi progress, but, on tlie
contrary, they have tried to encourage and
enlarge the boundaries of freedom.
The charge made here this day against their
action was unjust and improper. Nor do I
see any reasonable or friendly motive that
could of should induce the rending again of
the old-wounds that hours of tranquillity and
reflection had closed. 1 had supposed that the
Senator from Missouri would not of his accord
wantonly proceed to a course of denunciation
that he had so recently considered one of the
| days of the Senate's degradation. I had sup-
j posed that he, at least, would not rush forth into
! the region of personalities as though it were
i bis friendly and congenial home.
j Now, sir, I demand and would like to know
• who has made the personal charges on this
! floor. Did the committee inaugurate that style
| of debate ? Did they usher their labor on this
1 floor amid a shower of personal recrimination ?
| Did the committee, on the morning of its gen-
| erous and magnanimous patriotism, seek to
! stir up the demon of blind passion ? Did they,
under the inspiration of their higher natures,
rftsh to war? Did any member of that body
thus blindly seek the overthrow of their cher-
, ished labor and the matured decision they had
j made? Such is not my recollection of the
I discussion. The personalities began in other
! quarters. Other Senators challenged the cor-
rectness of their conclusions, and brought them
into the field of conflict. The blows fell thick
upon their labors from external adversaries.
The arrows flew from bows bent with a pur-
pose, and directed with a vigilance and an
accuracy that indicated a well-formed design.
There was an assurance and determination in
the attack, as well as a violence, that did not
admit of delay. So thorough was the attack
and so vehement the adversary that even sur-
render on honorable terms was not practi-
cable. Then self-defense, the last resource of
the humblest animal, came to the relief of the
committee. A graceful surrender was out of
the question. Pressed backward until no quar-
ters were to be given, the committee sought
that protection within the reach of all honor-
able men; at once their right and solemn duty
to themselvea and country.
While it is not my purpose nor is it incum-
bent upon me to vindicate the committee in its
action now and on the Virginia bill, yetsimple
juBtice impels me to state the facts as they
have from time to time unfolded themselves to
me in the somewhat angry and personal con-
test.
It would be superfluous to attend the emi-
nent chairman of that committee as an auxil-
iary. His strong arm is adequate to protect
himself from any quarter. The record of his
laborious, successful, and brilliant career is its
own defense whenever it shall find its way to
patriotic and enlightened minds. In other days
and on other theaters I learned to appreciate
his powers and his principles. It was when it
cost something to venture upon the defense of
the colored man's right to liberty and the pur-
suit of happiness, that the Senator from Illinois
began his march for the defense of universal
freedom.
It happened that I was then so situated that
I looked with deep interest to the labors of
that Senator. Then his course was clear and
decided; it stood out in bold relief. The un-
happy delusion of the southern mind and its
auxiliary made his position pointed and em-
phatic. It took courage aud a sense of duty to
elevate him to his advanced attitude before the
country. He then met the great advocate of
slavery on this floor and brought him to his
feet. His efforts were efficient, and his heavy
blows were felt to the Gulf of Mexico. His
course has been on, right on—slowly, but
steadily aud certainly.
The Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
not satisfied to place the committee in a wron"
light in reference to the personalities elicited
in this debate, seeks to identify them with the
Democratic party and thereby diminish their
influence and darken their prospects araonf
the more intense Republicans. Nor is this
enough. The venerable old party must he pro-
duced as the enemy of all good ; he who would
even vote with them has thereby become odi-
ous. Having never voted with that party I
have never felt it my duty to denounce it. I
differed from them widely and on principle,
and have never, as I now do, felt it incumbent
upon me to cover up an unhappy record which
might make a fearful wound in my consistency.
Unfortunately for the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Drakk,] he led with merciless ferocity
that deluded old party forth in its long war
upon the unfortunate children of slavery.
Fiercest among this party, the sternest and the
baldest leader of the times, he trampled with
out remorse upon the neck of the slave and
fastened stronger and stronger the iron Upnda
that chained him to his cruel destiny. He laid
his iron grasp upoil the poor, and fettered with
a will and a purpose that strengthened under
the groans and sighs of its victims. His zeal
in the cause of harsh and cruel measures sur-
passed his present fiery and determined spirit.
It abated nothing up to the very time that the
thunders of war. broke in pieces the bonds of
slavery and bid the captive go free. As long
as power remained .in the Democratic party to
chain the bondman and oppress him, it found
tin advocate and friend in the now immaculate
Senator from Missouri. Would it not be mod-
est, at least, in him to drop a tear of pity on the
errors of his too recent fellow-laborers ? Long
before any new lights burst upon the under-
standing of this fiery apostle of liberty, the Sen-
ator from Illinois had placed himself before the
country as the advocate of freedom; and since
I have been heife he has been a pillar in the
cause, arid without making war upon his Demo-
cratic friends and fellow-members. His advo-
cacy of this great cause arose from his love of
human rights, and not for the blessings that
attend partisan zeal.
But, sir, it is a vain an& unworthy task to
make war upon the record of the- committee.
Their record is upon the pages of history which
time will not destroy. Some of their measures
were wrong but their tnotives were good and
their object was freedoni everywhere. The man
who attempts to darken this record only accuses
and convicts himself of blibdrieSs Or injustice.
Nor do I join in disparaging the record of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Stjmwer. ]
His efforts are before the coflhtry, to be read
of all men. It has been committed' forever to
the insensate sheet that will yield it up upon
any requisition. There is no authority here
so great, there is no taame so high) that by its
mere assertion it can erase from history the
bright record of any of these Senators. Who-
ever attempts this work will find himself the
slave of his temper, instead 6f the follower of
reason and truth.
Now, sir, suppose that a few members of
the Democratic party should vote with the
Judiciary Oofnmittee in their reports from
time to time does that prove anything with
regard to their fidelity? Does that prove any
secret conspiracy on their part ? Does it not
prove that that enlightened committee, who
have given their best efforts to the considera-
tion of these questions, have forced the appro-
bation and approval of jnst and upright
those who are thoroughly acquainted with tne
subject. The Democratic members on this
floor are learned and able lawyers, and woul ,
in all probability, unite with the Judiciary yom-
mittee in their expressions of opinion on tne
