1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4049
be held to be a private claim, then the rule
may be applied to every application for the
appropriation of money from the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to make
a single remark. Though this sum is small, the
principle lias relation to the whole bill, and
therefore it ought to be carefully considered.
I do not agree with the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] and the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Williams] in the conclusion to which
they come, that this is a private claim, coming
within the exclusion of the rule. It is unques-
tionably a private claim, as was accurately and
forcibly stated by the Senator from Oregon,
but all private claims are not excluded from
an appropriation bill. Here was a fund put
into the hands of the agent of the Government
to perform treaty stipulations with these In-
dians. The agent squandered the fund and
did not perform the treaty stipulations. Now,
the claim to the performance of the treaty stip-
ulations is in the nature of a private claim;
thai is, it is a claim on the Government; but
it is a claim that rests against the Government
by virtue of a treaty, and therefore it comes
precisely within the exception allowed by the
■ rule. It is a claim of individuals against the
Government by virtue of treaty stipulations,
and the very language of the rule is that a pri-
vate claim shall not be put upon an appropria-
tion bill unless it is to carry out an existing law
or treaty stipulation.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
if this treaty, by the terms of the Constitution,
is not the supreme law of the.land?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly; and
therefore while this amendment provides for a
private claim it is to carry out a treaty and a
law, and therefore is in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine to have the clause in the treaty
which he says this amendment is in execution
tif read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
clause read which requires the money to be paid
over to the Creek nation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I assumed that
there was such a provision in the treaty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the clause of
the treaty read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If that is not
the provision of the treaty, I am wrong; but I
assumed, from the course of the argument of
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, thai this money was put into the hands
of this agent to be paid over to the Indians, in
pursuance of our treaty obligations with them.
If that is so, the amendment is clearly not
excluded by the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has no very great confidence in liis opinion
expressed as to this amendment being out of
order. He simply ruled it out of order on a
fair construction of the language. It is a sum
of money "to be paid to said reservees or to
their heirs, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior ; and if said claimants cannot
be identified" it is to be paid to the author-
ities of the Creek nation. It would seem to
be a claim that it is not yet ascertained to whom
it is due. It seemed to the Chair, therefore, that
it would be properly excluded under Rule 30,
which provides that—
"No amendment shall be received whoso object is
to providefor a private claim, unless it be to carry out
the provisions of an existing law or a treaty stipula-
tion."
The Chair is not advised of any special treaty
stipulation by which it is to be paid in this form:
To be paid to said reservees or to their heirs, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior; and
if said claimants cannot be identified, then to be paid
to the authorities of the Creek nation.
It seems to the Chair that the amendment is
out of order; but an appeal has been taken
from the decision.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmcxds] that
this amendment referstoatreatymadeinl832,
so that by the very language of the amendment
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No, 254.
it is a claim which originates by the terms of
a treaty. If that fact is conceded it is clearly,
in my judgment, not a private claim, or such a
private claim as is excluded by the*language
of the thirtieth rule, which provides:
"And no amendmentshall be received whose object
is to provide for aprivate claim, unless it boto carry
out the provisions of an existing law or a treaty stip-
ulation."
Now, assuming that this amendment is to
carry out the stipulation of the treaty which is
set out in this amendment, then it is no objec-
tion to it that it is a private claim.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment ofthe Senate?"
Mr. BAYARD. The fact that the persons
to whom this money is to be paid are not
named does not make it a private claim. The
money is to be paid in accordance with a treaty
stipulation, and it is to be paid, as such ap-
propriations generally are, in the discretion
of the disbursing officer of the Government,
who in this ease is the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. It is, like every other appropriation, sub-
mitted to his discretion before it is actually
paid over, and thereby becomes not a debt
from the Government, but an appropriation
for a probable expense. It strikes me that
that is the difference in this case ; and for that
reason I think this is clearly a proper amend-
ment on an appropriation bill, and not a pri-
vate claim. 1 shall therefore be compelled to
vote against the ruling ofthe Chair.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Chair
state the precise question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio made (lie point of order that the
amendment was out of order, being a priaate
claim. The Chair decided that the point of
order was well taken, and from that decision
an appeal has been taken by the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have the treaty before
me, and I ask now for the reading of any
clause in any treaty or law which authorizes
the payment of this money by the United
States. I have here the treaty referred to in
the amendment, and if there is any such pro-
vision in that treaty I should like to have it
pointed out.
Mr. MOltRILL, of Maine. The amend-
ment refers to the treaty of 1802.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the treaty in my
hand, and I should like to have any Senator
point out to me any stipulation of.any kind in
it that would be embraced by this language.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Ihavenot exam-
ined the treaty.
Mr. SHERMAN. It all turns on that, and
here is the treaty before me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not at all
familiar with this subject. The chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs may perhaps
know how that is ; but as the amendment re-
cited the treaty, I assumed that the treaty so
provided.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the treaty before
me. Article nine provides for Ihe payment
by the United States of certain claims: but I
do not see any description in this amendment
that would be applicable to any of the claims
specified in the treaty. I will send the treaty
to the honorable Senator.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let that article
be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will have article nine
read. If there is any clause in the treaty which
will cover this case I cannot find it.
Mr. HARLAN. Before the article is read
I wish to say merely this: the committee had
before them a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior stating the exact amount due under
this treaty.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has the Senator that
letter ?
Mr. HARLAN". It is down in my commit-
tee-room. I will go down and get it, if Sen-
ators desire it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment had
better be passed over for the present;'
Mr. HARLAN. I am willing to have it
passed over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only say that it ia
very plain that there is nothing in the "ninth
article of the treaty which would connect this
tnatter at all with that treaty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us determine the
point of order first, and then pass over the
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. L^J, the amendment bo
passed over for the present, and I will look up
the Secretary's letter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By general
consent this item of tho amendment will.be
passed over for the present. The Chair hears
no objection, and it is passed over. The ques-
tion now is on the last item of the amendment
to insert the following ;
For tho fulfillment of the provisions of tho third
and fourth articles of tho treaty with the Creek
nation, concluded June 11,186tj, from the proceeds of
the sales of lands to tho Seminoles, to be applied pro
rata on the several amounts awarded and approved
by the Secretary of the Interior, $100,000, payment
to bo mado to eacli claimant or to his or her heirs in
person.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 23, after line five
hundred and lifry-seven, I move from the Com-
mittee on Indian Afiairs to insert the following:
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of fho
Interior to eairy into effect the provisions of the ninth
article of tho treaty of July 4,18*JG, with the Below are
Indians, by a division of money and stocks hold by
the United States in trust for them, between tho
twenty Delaware*? who have olected to become citi-
zens and tho residue of said nation, $22,714 iS; of
which 58,930 G9 shall bo deducted from tho money
credits of wnid nation ; and $KS,777 G6, to be takon
equitably hom their several kinds of stocks, shali
bo transferred to tho Secretary of the Treasury, and
become tho property of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, I desire to
inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs whether I am not right in sup-
posing that this paragraph, as also the one
which precedes it, and on which we have just
voted, really make no appropriation from the
Treasury, but simply relate to a distribution
of funds belonging to the Indians?
Mr. HARLAN. It provides for a distribu-
tion of funds belonging to the Indians alone ;
nothing else.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was my
understanding.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 24, line five hun-
dred and seventy-six, in the appropriations
for the Dwamish and other allied tribes in
Washington Territory, I move to strike out
"$3,600'' and insert "$4,600;" so that the
clause will read:
For eleventh of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blaeksmith, carpenter, farmer, and
physician, who shall furnish medicines for the sick,
per fourteenth article, treaty 22d January, 1855,
81,600.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Thatadds $1,000,
I understand, for the compensation of em-
ployes—blaeksmith, carpenter, farmer, and
physician. I suppose it is intended to increase
the salaries of these persons. I ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa whether that is so ?""
Mr. HARLAN. That is the purpose ; and
I may as well state hero, in relation to a num-
ber of amendments of the same character, that
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs came to
the committee and sat down with them, and
we went through the bill, all the way through ;
and we propose amendments in pursuance of
his recommendations. He stated ia each indi-
vidual case that it would be impossible to pro-
cure reliable employes for a less sum of money.
That remaik is not only applicable to this
amendment, but to a number of amendments
of the same character that are distributed
through the amendments of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I perceive, and
I may as well state to the Senate here, tnat,
there are several of* these auisndtnsiitsj g&cji
