1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1217
great questions. Their habits of thought and
careful examination, under the solemn respons-
ibilities of their oaths, and their love of coun-
try and the public good, would undeniably tend
to produce that harmony so good in itself and
so distasteful to the apprehensions of the over-
zealous Radical Senator.
Mr. NYE. Now, Mr. President, I should
like to inquire of the honorable Senator who
has just sat down which side particularly he
speaks for in this case; whether for the Con-
servatives, the Radicals, or the Democrats? I
have never seen but one thing that exactly
defines bis position in politics. He came here
as an excessive Radical, could not have harm
enough done to the rebels, and he wanted mus-
kets enough to conquer all Tennessee if they
had all been in arms against us. He got
enough to beat rebels out. But he changed all
at once. His position reminds me of a paint-
ing that was on exhibition in New York a good
many years ago representing a scriptural scene,
Abraham offering up his son Isaac. It was
painted by a Dutch artist, who had put a pis-
tol instead of a knife in Abraham's hand to do
the execution ; but the query seemed to arise
in his mind how the angel could interfere under
such circumstances. He finally poised the
angel on wings with a cup of water to wet the
powder in the pan. [Laughter. ] It seems to
me that the honorable Senator is always wet-
ting the powder in the pan of the muskets that
he has got. [Laughter.] I simply rose to
inquire which side he spoke for particularly.
Mr. FOWLER. I will reply to the Senator
from Nevada that he has more acquaintance
with those beings than I have. He has been
away out among the rocks with Brigham Young,
who has angels, and the Senator instituted
another set to oppose him. So he is perfectly
conversant with that subject. I have nothing
whatever to do with them; but I will tell you
in regard to the matter of arms to which he
has referred. I offered a joint resolution on
one occasion here to give to the State of Ten-
nessee a certain amount of arms. The Governor
of that State thought that he was in need of the
quota of arms that belonged to the State of
Tennessee. I believed at the time that the
State was entitled to the arms, without any
resolution; but I could not get them without
it, and therefore I offered it. The State had
a right to them and ought to have had them.
Now, sir, there is a part of the gentleman's
statement that I must beg leave to contradict,
with all deference to his general goodness of
heart and his uniform accuracy of statement in
details, because we know that he is given -to
that. I have never advocated the killing of
rebels at any time, nor of any person, except
those with whom we were engaged in lawful
and righteous war. While we were enemies I
fought them; when they surrendered I sought
by peaceful means the reconciliation of my
deluded countrymen and the restoration of
their shattered homes. War no more distracts
our land. The rage of the sad times has sub-
sided, and I have forgiven my countrymen and
seek to forget their errors.
Now, let me tell the Senator from Nevada
that, located as he was in the distant Rocky
mountains, where no rebel power could ever
have reached him, where none would ever
have gone, his patriotism was very cheap, and
he can vaunt it here as he did there; but if he
had been where I was his voice would not
have been quite so loud, and I doubt whether
his boldness would have been quite as manifest.
Indeed, if I with the Democratic party had
nunted down the slaves, had helped to pursue
them as long as he had done, I would have a
tenderer feeling for those individuals with
whom I had so associated. Never having been
on that side of politics at all, I do not feel it
incumbent upon me, as I never have done, to
attack this or that party and particularly to
charge upon them things that did not properly
belong to them. I beg leave here to state that
1 take the representations of the Democratic
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 17.
party entirely from those two Senators them-
selves, [Mr. Nye and Mr. Drake.] They
belonged to it and stood well with it; they
adhered to it with a great deal of firmness;
they fought its battles faithfully and fought
them well. But let the country recollect that
this quarrel commenced a long distance back.
When you, Mr. President, were struggling
in behalf of human rights both these Senators
were on the opposite side endeavoring to
fasten the chains of slavery tighter and tighter
upon the limbs of the African. It was these
Senators and their colleagues who cracked the
lash over the backs of the slaves in the rice
' fields of Georgia and in the cotton plantations
: of Mississippi.
; Let me tell you that if these "friends of
freedom " had been as faithful in the legisla-
tive halls of Massachusetts and New York and
Missouri as they profess now to have been, no
slave-driver could have cracked his lash over
; the back of any human being there. It was
i the infidelity of the men then and there to the
! cause of freedom that enabled the slave-driver
I to exercise his power in the southern States.
I I speak, sir, of what I know. I have never
been on but one side of this question. I have
been the uniform friend of universal liberty and
universal enfranchisement not only now but
before this period of time, before it was popu-
lar to say so, when it was dangerous even to
think it; and I can afford, at any rate so far
as my own conscience is concerned and my
own people are concerned, to be somewhat
liberal now toward those individuals,misguided
though they may have been, wrong though they
may have been, criminal though they may
have been. They have been overthrown by
the arms of the Government; they have laid
down their arms; they have submitted again
and again to the commands of the Government;
they are willing to do anything you ask them
to do; and under all these circumstances, it
seems to me that all hostility on our part should
now stop and that we should say some kind,
some gentle word to these people. Occasion-
ally the Senator from Nevada has good angels
that visit him, and he pours out benevolent
sentiments from his full heart, as he has a
great deal of the milk of human kindness in
him, far more I fear than his colleague from
Missouri, who goes still deeper into the earth
and drags up more of the roots of evil than he
does.
Now, let him if he can show me any place
where I have ever in word or in thought, either
here or in the land of slavery, done aught to
sanction, or to encourage, or to apologize for
the institution of slavery. If my whole course
has not been there for human freedom and
against the institution, and more than that, for
the universal enfranchisement of these very
people, then I will yield the point in ques-
tion.
Right here I have one single remark to make
in regard to the subject of enfranchisement.
There have been high pretensions put np on
this floor. It is claimed that this or that
individual was the author of the principle of
universal enfranchisement, although the facts
have not been clearly stated, not quite so accu-
rately stated as the Senator from Nevada would
state them if he were at it. Is it not an arro-
gant assumption for any man to say that he is
the author of the principle of universal enfran-
chisement ? Such individual may have a little
tithe of credit, but how very little is it that
belongs to any one more than belongs to each
Senator ?
Some began earlier in this race than others.
Some have continued in it more earnestly, per-
haps, than others have done. Some have had
certain reasons and certaih occasions which
have brought them more prominently before
the public than others. Human vanity has had
a little to do with this as well as human ambi-
tion. High as these individuals are, sacred as
they regard the rights and duties of Senators
and legislators, they have not been so lofty in
all these points of view that some of the baser
elements of human nature have not stimulated
them in their course on this subject.
I have said, sir, more than I expected when
I arose, although not what I intended when I
began.
Mr. NYE. I disclaim the purpose of making
any individual comparison with the honorable
Senator; but his course here had been so
strange that I could not help but allude to it
when the picture appeared in such vivid colors
before me. I have only been for now twenty-
two years fighting this battle. I guess that is
about as long as the honorable Senator has
been fighting it. The difference between him
and me is this : while in his youth he was right
and I was wrong, in his mature years he gets
wrong and I get right. [Laughter.] Alter
having been nicely washed, he has returned
again to his wallow. That is the difference
between us. My folly, if I had any, was the
folly of youth ; his is the folly of mature age.
There I am willing to leave it.
Mr. FOWLER. But a single remark in
reply. To some extent that is true; we are
both getting old and laboring under that dis-
ability very much. I feel the infirmity of age
creeping very rapidly upon me ; but so far as
going back to the wallow that the Senator had
in his youth, I have no notion of doing that at
all; that is the farthest thing in the world from
my intention. There is a gulf between me ami
it so great that I could not pas3 it if I would.
I shall be most happy on all occasions to see
him come over to my side of the quest-ion.
Mr. NYE. Never; not until you get on the
right side.
Mr. FOWLER. Well, sir, I regret more
than he does the situation in which he is placed.
After having spent the good days of all his life
serving Satan he might possibly do himself
and his country much credit if he would throw
away the poor remainder of his old age in
serving the Lord ; but he even refuses to do
that. Well, sir, I regret it. I shall greatly
deplore and mourn over his departure and his
refusal to do this. I should be happy to see
him following me in the race I commenced
long before he did. He has told us how long
he has been serving or endeavoring to follow
out this course. I commenced long before that.
But it makes no difference about that.
I should be happy to see the Senator from
Nevada coming around with me and with the
Judiciary Committee, admitting the great fact
that from the Delaware bay around to the
Rio Grande there are a great people ; there
are seven hundred and fifty thousand square
miles inhabited by' his own fellow-citizens,
who need and deserve recognition at his
hands, and need and deserve recognition at
the hands of the Government of the United
States, and that you cannot govern this coun-
try as a free and independent country by taking
one part of it to control the other. I ask sim-
ply for the people south of Mason and Dixon' 8
line the same rights, the same privileges, and
the same confidence that I am willing to extend
to every other section of the country, and will
be moBt glad to do it.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator continues, as this colloquy seems destined
to continue 
Mr. FOWLER. No, sir; it has concluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
desire to state that although "returning to
one's wallow" is a scriptural quotation, he
does not think its personal application to any
Senator is eorreet.
Mr. NYE. What is that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated it and he will repeat it. As this colloquy
seemed apparently to be on the point of con-
tinuing, the Chair stated that in his opinion the
words "returning to his wallow," although a
scriptural quotation, were not proper to be
used in personal application to any Senator.
Mr. NYE. Then I will withdraw them and
