THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
call it by any other name th^t the Chair pleases.
^ Mrf FOOLER. I never have occasion for
that, and the Senator knows it very well.
Mr. HOWARD, Mr. President, only a few
days since the Senate passed a bill for the
read mission of Virginia to representation in
Congress, and after a very full and exhaustive
discussion saw fit to annex to the bill read-
mitting the State certain conditions. It is very
true that those conditions did not accompany
the bill as it came from the House. They
were annexed by ourselves after a very full,
very protracted, and very animated discussion
of the whole subject. The bill as thus amended
went back to the House, and the House con-
curred in the amendment of the Senate. In
that form the bill was sent to the President,
who approved it, and it thus became a law ;
and thus the Old Dominion wa3 rehabilitated
and restored to her original rights and privi-
leges in this Union and in Congress.
Now, sir, I do not rise to express any cen-
sure of the Committee on the Judiciary of this
body} but after the Senate, having .taken this
subject into consideration and,discussed it
fully, had by an overwhelming vote seen fit to
annex to that bill the fundamental conditions
referred to, it seems to me a little remarkable
that the Judiciary Committee, with these facts
before them, should think it worth their while
to open this whole subject again, and court a
redisc'ussion of the same subject, upon which
we had decided by such an overwhelming
vote. ,
Mrl TRUMBULL. Will the Senator, from
Michigan allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is mistaken
in saying that the conditions were adopted by
an overwhelming vote. Some of the conditions
were imposed upon Virginia by a vote of 30 to
29; the principal condition by a vote of 31 to
28. The vote in the Senate was very close.
The Senate was not entirely full, and in a full
Senate it is very doubtful whether they would
have been carried at all. They were not im-
posed by an overwhelming vote, but by a very
close vote.
Mr. HOWARD, I was referring to the vote
of the Senate upon the passage of the bill itself
as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was not on im-
posing the conditions. I voted for the bill as
amended ; but we had a separate vote upon
imposing the conditions.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill we were voting
upon contained conditions, and we passed it
by an overwhelming majority. . At any rate, it
seems to me a little remarkable—I do not say
it in any censorious spirit—that the Judiciary
Committee should have seen fit, after that vote
of the Senate, after the concurrence of the
House, and after the approval of the bill by
the President, to open this whole discussion
again, thus.consuming a large portion of our
time unnecessarily, as it seems to me; because
it is impossible to conceive that there is any
member of the Senate whose opinions on the
subject have been changed by the present dis-
cussion.
I voted for the bill and I voted, I think, for
all the conditions annexed to it, though I stated
at the time that I had some hesitation in voting
for fundamental conditions in the admission of
Stages into the Union. I have the same diffi-
culty now. It is a,question which has never
been passed upon, so far as I know, by any
court of-the. United States, certainly not by the
Supreme Court. It is an open question^ there-
fore, so far as the Judiciary i$ concerned. I am
not en tirely prepared to say for myself whether
such conditions are or are not constitutional
and valid. In legislative practice they have
not been- uncommon, but have been frequent,
and I have yet to learn that any intelligent
court has ever decided against, their validity.
Now, sir, I have one word further to say on
this subject. I hope we shall come to a vote
soon. The Constitution of the United States
in terms imposes upon Congress the duty of
guarantying to every State in this Union a
republican form of government. If Congress
may annex fundamental conditions ofapolitical
character, such as are in the bill before us,
then it seems to me that they are carrying out
and executing the authority and the duty of
guarantying a republican government to the
State. I do not know of any other clause in the
Constitution upon which to base this right. For
instance, the bill now before us provides as a
fundamental condition that the State of Mis-
sissippi shall never change its_ State constitu-
tion so as to deprive of the right of suffrage
those persons upon whom it is conferred by
their present constitution. The present con-
stitution is very liberal. It grants universal
suffrage, with a few exceptions, as in cases of j
idiocy and crime, to the citizens of the United
States residing within the limits of the State
of Mississippi.
. Now, sir, who is to judge of the republican
character of a State constitution ? Who is to
be the final judge as to the kind of State gov-
ernment which the Federal Constitution re-
quires? The language is, " the United States
shall guaranty to every State in this Union a
republican form of government.". Congress,
therefore, representing the United States,
must be held to be the sole judge of the repub-
lican character of a State constitution, the sole
judge whether or not it is necessary for them
to interpose to correct any evils that may there
exist; and it is also, for the same reason, the
exclusive right of Congress to judge whether
a particular provision in. a State constitution
will make it republican. The State is not the
final judge; the judiciary department of the
State is not the final judge j and from the very
language itself the power of judging and de-
termining must necessarily be held to be con-
ferred upon the Congress of the United States.
If, therefore, Congress has this right of
judging of the republican character of a State
constitution, and it judges that a particular
clause is necessary in that constitution in order
to make it republican,,it would.seem that such
a fundamental condition, if of a purely polit-
ical character, must after all be held to be
valid and effectual.
I shall vote for these conditions for the same
reasons that I voted for the conditions annexed
to the bill admitting Virginia. I see no reason
for imposing these conditions upon one State
recently in insurrection and omitting to impose
them upon another recently equally in insur-
rection. The merits of the two communities
politically are the sanje, and I will Jot hesitate
now to impose upon Mississippi the Same con-
ditions that a few days since I imposed upon
Virginia. Let them both stand upon an equal-
ity. I hope that will be the judgment ot the
Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. Presidentj I have
listened with strict attention to the remarks
that have fallen from the Senator who hasjust
taken, his seat, as I always do to whatever he
may address to the Senate. He tells us that
if these conditions be supported at all, they
can only be supported under that provision of
the Constitution which declares that the Uni-
ted States shall guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican form of government; that
there is no other provision in the Constitution
that gives any sanction whatsoever to the impo-
sition of these so-called fundamental condi-
tions. He further tells us that be will vote for
them. It must be, then, that he considers that
the provisions in the constitution of Mississippi,
which he seeks to perpetuate by these so-called
fundamental conditions, are essential to the
character of a republican form of government,
and that without such provisions the constitu-
tion of Mississippi would not be republican.
Surely otherwise ne could not vote for them ;
for although he says that Congress is to be the
judge of what is republican, he certaiuly will
not rote to impose in perpetuity on Mississippi
any provision of her constitution which is not
essential to its republican character.
It must be, therefore, that in his judgment
he considers universal suffrage, which ia one
of the features of the Mississippi constitution,
as essential to the existence of a republican
State in the Union. If that be his opinion,
then I ask him, has Massachusetts a republican
constitution? If I am not mistaken there are
many citizens of the United States in the State
of Massachusetts, males of the age of twenty-
one years and upward, who are not entitled to
vote by reason of an educational clause in her
constitution or her laws. If universal suffrage
is necessary,.if it is necessary to allow every
man in Mississippi, whether he can read or
whether he cannot, who is of the age of twenty-
one years and upward, and a citizen of the
United States and a citizen of that State, to
enjoy the right of suffrage, I ask by what rea-
soning do you allow Massachusetts to exclude
citizens of the United States and of the State
of Massachusetts who are unable to read ?
But that is not all, sir. There is a large
body of citizens of the United States in the
State of Rhode Island who are excluded from
the suffrage. By what right do you allow
Rhode Island to be a State in this Union, and
say that she is a republican State with a repub-
lican form of government, if universal suffrage,
such as is provided in the constitution of Mis-
sissippi, is essential to the character of a repub-
lican State ? .
Again, one of these fundamental conditions
goes to the subject of education, and requires
that no ehange shall be made in the constitu-
tion of Mississippi upon the subject of educa-
tion that shall deprive any person of equal
rights in the educational system or schools of
that State. Is that essential to a republican
form of government? When did it become
esseutial to a republican form of government
that there should be public schools, and that
everybody should have an equal right in those
schools ? If that is the ease, how many repub-
lican States were there when the Constitution
of the United States was formed ? If universal
suffrage and universal education upon a per-
fectly equal footing, applicable to all, are essen-
tially indispensable requisites of a republican
form of government, how many States have
you now, sir, in the United States that are
republican in form? Why, sir, the very state-
ment of the argument shows its utter fallacy.
The Senator says Congress is to judge whether
a State has a republican form of government.
Grant;it. Cougress must decide, in the first
instance at least, when the question properly
arises; but does that give.to Congress an un-
limited discretion, not to judge, but to do what
it pleases? What was a republican form of
government when the; Constitution was formed
would be a republican form of government
now, for the Constitution has not changed in
that respect. The same meaning that that
provision had when it first went into foree is
the meaning which it has now. Subsequent
events cannot change that meaning, and there-
fore what was a republican form of government
when that Constitution was adopted by the
American people, and went into operation in
1789, is, in contemplation of that instrument,
a republican form of government now. Were
the governments of Virginia and all the south-
ern States—nay, of every State in the Union
except Massachusetts—republican in form when
the Constitution was adopted, although in every
one Of them there was slavery existing by the
Constitution or by.-the law? There was no
slavery in Massachusetts-when the Constitution
was formed, but. in every other State, twelve
out of thirteen, slavery existed when the Con-
stitution was formed. If the constitutions and
governments of those States were not repub-
lican in form, I should like to know how we ever
had any republican Constitution or any repu
lican government in this country at all down
to the enfranchisement of the slaves.
Again> sir, in a large majority of the ota
