4994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
in the State which I Lave the honor in part to
represent. A company was chartered by the
Legislature of our State last winter, and is now
at work getting out sulphur, and in the course
of a very few months they expect to get large
supplies of sulphur. 1 hope the duty on it will
be retained.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust that
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Finance will be agreed to. I think this aiticle
never was free, with the exception of a very
short time. Crude brimstone in 18G1 was made
free ; but almost ever since the foundation of
the Government there has been a tax levied
on brimstone and sulphur, and instead of its
being three cents a pound it is less than one
third of a cent a pound ; being only six dollars
a ton on brimstone, and not what the Senator
from South Carolina stated.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 meant six dollars p. ton
on brimstone.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is a mere
trifle, but that trille has enabled quite a num-
ber of establishments throughout the country
since the adoption of it to establish the manu-
facture of sulphuric acid, upon which the manu-
facturers do not ask for any protection what-
ever. They manufacture sulphuric acid as low
as it can be imported, and a good article; and,
in addition to that, it is possible in some places
to manufacture sulphur or brimstone from the
same ores, and all over the country there are
plenty of iron pyrites from which this article
can be manufactured. I know of a single
establishment, that has been put up at a cost
of $250,000 for the manufacture of sulphuric
acid. It is only calculated for the manufacture
of sulphur from iron pyrites, and if this duty
should be stricken out every dollar of this
investment would bo lost. Besides this con-
sideration, these iron pyrites are freighted over
a considerable extent of country, and are as
profitable to the railroads almost as the coal
from West Virginia or from the Cumberland
mines.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not imagine that the
Senator means to say that the manufacture of
sulphuric acid from iron pyrites can for a mo-
ment come into competition with the manufac-
ture of sulphuric acid from the crude brim-
stone which conies from Sicily. The truth is,
the cost of the crude brimstone in the country
from which it is brought to the Atlantic coast
is simply the cost of shoveling it as ballast
into the vessel. It as often comes as ballast
in vessels which bring freight from the Medi-
terranean as in any other way, and the cost of
the article itself is absolutely nothing but the
cost of the freight and the trouble of putting it
aboard the vessel. Therefore the establish-
ment of sulpliuric-acid works with iron pyrites
as the substance from which to get the sulphur
shows that it is profitable to make sulphuric
acid, perhaps, in some localities from iron
pyrites; but it does not show that it would not
be vastly better for those parties even to make
it from sulphur. If you will take the duty off
sulphur and crude brimstone, and bring it into
this country free, there will be no iron-pyrites
works to make sulphuric acid.
So far from putting sulphur on the free list
having the effect to break down the establish-
ments for the manufacture of sulphuric acid,
it is precisely the'thing for which every sul-
•phurie-acid manufacturer should pray; it will
help him. It is in that view that 1 ask that
this' article shall be put on the free list, to
make sulphuric acid cheaper for the American
consumer than it is now possible to make R.
We do not use the sulphur directly in manip-
ulating the fertilizers, the crude deposits of
which we find in South Carolina; but we use
it in the form of sulphuric acid, the sulphuric
acid being used to take from the phosphate of
lime a portion of its lime and reduce it to a
soluble form, so that it may be worked into
the fertilizer.
If the objection of the Senator to putting
this on the free list is that it will hurt the sul-
phuric-acid manufacturers, 1 assure him that
he is very greatly mistaken. The sulphuric-
acid manufacturers are the people who ask
that this article shall be placed upon the free
list. There is a duty of six dollars a ton upon
it, and it produces $141,000 annually to the
Government at present; but if you will put it
on the free list in the manufacture of the fer-
tilizers of which I speak, it will produce twenty
times $141,000 to the country in the increased
facilities it will give to the manufacture of
these fertilizers, the base of which has recently
been discovered in my State, and it will be
spread over this whole Union in the form of
rejuvenators 'and resuscitators of barren soil.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, sulphur
is the raw material of sulphuric acid, and sul-
phuric acid is the basis of almost every chem-
ical that enters into the arts. 'The only mate-
rial from which sulphuric acid can be profitably
made is the sulphur that comes from Sicily.
The sulphuric acid that is made from iron
pyrites is strongly combined with arsenic, and
it is useless as a raw material for any of the
chemical manufactures, except perhaps soda-
ash, in the manufacture of which the arsenic
disappears. It.is entirely useless as a combin-
ation with fertilizers, because arsenic is very
injurious when put upon the soil.
Not only is it of very great use in the chem-
ical manufactures which are already established
in this country, but sulphuric acid is used in
the refilling of petroleum. Now, a large por-
tion of our petroleum, all that which is used
abroad, is exported in the crude form. It is
exported to Antwerp mainly, where, by reason
of the cheaper sulphuric acid, it is refined at
much less expense than it can be here ; but if
we had cheap sulphuric acid we should export
our kerosene refined, which would extend a
very large and important branch of American
manufacture.
Now, sir, wherever manufactures of sulphuric
acid are established with equal facilities for
procuring sulphur and iron pyrites, I think
everywhere they use sulphur ; and the manu-
facture of sulphuric acid from iron pyrites is
not an experiment, but it may be considered
almost a failure.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 should like to ask the
Senator a question, with his permission.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. FOWLER. The Senator from Rhode
Island understands this matter much better
than I do; but as I understood him, he said
that the sulphuric acid which is made from iron
pyrites was strongly combined with acid. What
kind of ncid does lie refer to ?
Mr. ANTHONY". I said with arsenic; All
the chemicals that are employed in the various
processes of dyeing, of printing, and in man-
ufactures, have their base in sulphuric acid.
Hardly anything can be named which is more
important in the manufacture of chemicals for
cheap production than cheap sulphuric acid,
and that, can only be obtained by cheap sulphur,
which can be imported without interfering with
any American industry except the very small
production of sulphuric acid from iron pyrites ;
and I may say, the inferior production, because,
being combined with arsenic, I do not know
of any considerable purpose except the man-
ufacture of soda-ash, for which it can be used.
But this is not all. We all know that there
lias been lately discovered in South Carolina,
as my friend from that State has just referred
to it, a mineral wealth which is infinitely greater
than the discovery of gold or silver. There
have been discovered phosphates underlying
the soil, I do not know to what extent, which,
when combined with sulphuric acid, will make
fertilizers sufficient to rejuvenate the whole of
the worn-out land of the South—worth more
than a dozen guano islands. lJut this product
cannot be utilized without sulphuric acid ; it
cannot be generally utilized without cheap
sulphuric acid ; and we cannot have cheap sul-
phuric acid unless we have ch^ap sulphur. I
hope the Senate will consent to agree with the
House in putting sulphur upon the free list.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to say one
word in ieTerence to the deposit
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
remind the Senator that the rule limits debate
to five minutes on each amendment.
Mr. SAW\'ER. I shall not trespass on the
Senate more than one minute. I desire to say
one word in reference to the deposit of sulphur
in Louisiana and the deposit of sulphur in Cal-
ifornia. The California sulphur interest would
not be interfered with at all by free sulphur on
the Atlantic coast. Our sulphur comes from
Sicily, and the transportation itself on an arti-
cle of the value of sulphur and the weighty of
sulphur would be such as to afford protection
enough to the California interest. _ As to the
Louisiana interest, the same thing is substan-
tially true. The distance which it will have
to be transported, the want of frequency with
which vessels can afford to transport sulphur as
freight to New Orleans from Sicily, is enough
protection in itself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I like to be
entirely free from all embarrassment as to in-
terests when voting upon this tariff question ;
and if the Senate adopt this amendment and
admit sulphur free I think they will entirely
disembarrass me from all interest in the mea-
sure, for that is the only thing I know of in
the bill in which my constituents are inter-
ested. I think I know something about this
matter, although I do not propose to go into
a scientific discussion of the question of chem-
icals here to-night. From twenty-five to fifty
tons of pyrites are taken from my town daily,
and carried to Boston or near there to be man-
ufactured into" sulphuric acid. There is an
establishment at, Brooklyn, also, that uses this
article. There is a belt of this iron pyrites
that runs from the Canada line clear almost
to the southern coast, from which it may be
manufactured. So far as the sulphuric acid
is concerned, the manufacturers of it do not
ask any protection whatever. I trust that the
Senate will hesitate to make this article free
now for the first time in the history of our
Government. I could say more on the subject,
but I do not think it is necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one view of this
question that Senators on both sides seem to
omit, and that is the revenue view. This is
probably the lowest duty contained on the
tariff list, being but one third of a cent a pound
on an article that is consumed to avast extent.
The amount brought to this country is four
hundred and seventy thousand hundred weight,
or forty-seven million pounds, and it yields us
a revenue of $141,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. What does it cost to col-
lect that revenue?
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not cost anything.
Mr. ANTHONY. Oh, yes, it does. It is
very expensive to collect it.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is an article which
is brought in in bulk in vessels, and it can be
measured without trouble. Therefore, like
other articles in bulk, this is a matter abou.t
which there can be no deceit, no undervalua-
tion, no possibility of evading the duty, which
is easily collected. Now, we have sulphur in
some form in almost every State of the Union.
These iron pyrites, I believe, are almost uni-
versally disseminated. They are found through
New England, Canada, and all parts of the
country._ We have almost pure sulphur in
California, and also in Louisiana, and perhaps
in other States. I think they have large quan-
tities in Missouri.
Under these circumstances, as this is purely
a revenue duty and a very small one, not a
protective duty at all, without going into an
elaborate examination of the subject, I hope
that this article will not be placed on the free
list. I have a large number of letters on my
table remonstrating against the repeal of this
