1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4095
duty as having the effect to strike down a largo
number of establishments which have sprung
up in the country ; precisely the same argument
that is addressed here every day in regard to
other interests. They say that this small duty
of six dollars a ton enables us to manufacture
various articles for ourselves. We have two
establishments in Ohio, one in Cleveland and
one in Cincinnati, that manufacture something
from sulphur—I have forgotten the name of the
product; some acid. They all bear the same
testimony, that the repeal of the specific duty
on crude sulphur would destroy their interests.
This is purely a revenue duty which yields us
a handsome sum, easily collected, without any
trouble, and it seems to me sulphur is one of
those things that ought not to be put on the
free list. We can produce it and manufacture
it in this country without any trouble, and even
with this duty we do not exclude the importa-
tion of a large mass of this article.
This was the view that influenced the Com-
mittee on Finance in striking this article out
of the free list contained in this bill, in order
that we might repeal taxes in other directions.
Mr. SP11AGUE. My colleague, the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, is correct in his views
on this subject, as is also the Senator from
South Carolina. Sulphur enters into the whole
process of bleaching throughout this country,
and no cheap sulphuric acid is made from any-
thing else but sulphur. As the Senator from
South Carolina has observed, it is dug out and
shoveled out from the coast lino of Sicily, with-
out any transportation, into the vessel. So far
as my observation extends, there is to-day no
commercial value to the sulphur in this conn-
try, because of its expense, and there will not
be for years to come so far as its use as sul-
phuric acid is concerned. Therefore, all the
revenue that is obtained from this source is a
tribute that the productive interests of this
country pay. It is one of the embarrassments
that it has to-day.
And let me here observe, in passing, that
there is no protection whatever to American
productions, taking the nation as a whole; for
the taxes upon the internal production being
as large as the duties imposed upon the for-
eign importations, the one neutralizes the
other. I do not care to answer the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] who made his
attack this morning; but 1 assert that there is
no protection in this country in any general
view. In any one special thing there may be
an apparent protection ; but in the general the
one offsets the other. In addition to that,
upon articles like sulphur entering into the
American production the American producer
is taxed, both by the internal revenue system
and to the extent to which the imported article
enters into production an additional tax upon
that. I state it from knowledge, that the pro-
ducer in this country is taxed more to-day in his
production than the producer in any country
on earth. We have heard of the excessive
taxes to carry on monarchical Governments in
Europe and elsewhere ; but, sir, the producers
there are not taxed one fourth the amount that
American producers are taxed. It is for that
.reason that whenever a tariff question comes
to be considered the American producer is
found at the door of my friend, the Senator
from Ohio, begging for admission, and beg-
ging that his particular interests shall be
protected.
The placing of this article upon the free list
will lighten by so much every production into
which sulphuric acid enters. It will lighten
farm productions. My friend from South Car-
olina, and all thoseinterestediu the production
of cotton, are particularly interested in this
question. All the manufacturing interests of
the country, wherever bleaching is necessary as
an important department of manufacture, aie
interested. On this question the agricultural
interest and the manufacturing interest are
particularly interested and united.
Mr. COLE. I hope that this amendment,
striking out sulphur from the free list, will pre-
vail. If it be true, as stated by the Senator
from South Carolina, that sulphur is so very
cheap abroad that it is brought in here as bal-
last, it can certainly afford to pay the small
tax that is now imposed upon it. It enters
very considerably into manufactures, as was
stated by the Senator from Vermont, and I
think in deference to the wishes of that Sen-
ator,who is soprominently connected with tariff
matters and who has asked so little on behalf
of his own State, this amendment should be
agreed to.
Let me state another consideration, and only
one more. All the articles that are produced
by the use of sulphur in some form or other
are protected by the tariff laws. All of them are
protected, perhaps, to the extent of from forty
to sixty per cent. They can afford, therefore,
to pay this little duty upon sulphur. It counts
but little in their profits. It is but a drop in
the bucket.
The tax, though so very low, pays the hand-
some sum of $141,000 of revenue, which of
iiself shows that the amount imported is very
considerable. It is a new interest in my State.
The sulphur there is not accessible to the
thoroughfare. It is not easily brought to mar-
ket, because of the remoteness from the lines
of trade; and I am sure that if the daty is
stricken entirely off this article it will interfere
seriously with those who are entering upon this
business. I hope, therefore, that the duty will
be allowed to remain as it now is.
Mr. SAWYER. With the indulgence of the
Senate, I desire to call attention to the cost of
sulphur.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. 1 think the Senator has
had his five minutes under the rule on this
amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. The rule is five minutes
each time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Oh, no.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to call attention
to the cost of the sulphur. The tax is more
than four hundred per cent. The cost of a ton
of sulphur is about one dollar and forty cents,
and the tax on it is six dollars, which is four
hundred per cent. And yet we are told a
duty of four hundred per cent, is necessary
t.0 protect the sulphur deposits in California,
the place of which cannot be supplied under
five times its cost on account of the length of
transportation, and to protect the sulphur de-
posit in Louisiana. The fact that the Govern-
ment has never admitted sulphur duty free is
no reason why it should not be free now.
Mr. MOitRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from South Carolina a question?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Does the $1 40
include the cost and charges of getting it on
board the ship ?
Mr. SAWYER. I mean to say that SI 40 a
Ion is the value put upon it in the statistics
which are sent to us.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That does
not include the cost and charges of putting it
on board, which are very much more.
Mr. SAWYER. I should be very glad to
take a contract to put it on board a vessel for
that amount. I know something about this
business. It is not a new matter with me. I
have known about the manner in which this
sulphur was imported these twenty years. It
is cheaper to put it in the vessel than it is to
put the cobble-stones which are put in as bal-
last in Boston. It costs less to put it in the
vessel than it costs to put in the cobble-stones
which are put into a vessel at Boston. And
yet we have got a duty of four hundred per cent,
upon it, and we are told that that is necessary
to piotect the sulphur interest in this country !
If it is necessary to protect that sulphur inter-
est, 1 should be inclined to say, let the sulphur
go to its father.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator from South Carolina whether I under-
stood him to say that they could send the phos-
phate of lime to England and have it returned
here cheaper'than it is made here?
Mr. SAWYER. I say we can send the crude
deposit of phosphate of lime to England, have
it manufactured there, because sulphur is on
their free list, and bituminous coal is not taxed
there, and have it manufactured into the ferti-
lizer of commerce and broughtbackto Charles-
ton and undersell the home manufacturer; and
yet we are told that to protect this petty sul-
phur interest in California and Louisiana we
must endure a tax of four hundred per cent.,
while this great interest languishes, which is
calculated to rejuvenate and resuscitate the
whole agricultural interest of the South.
Mr. POME ROY. I am very much inter-
ested in what the Senator from South Caro-
lina says ; but I must insist on the enforcement
of the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated the rule, but he, of course, is powerless.
It is for the Senate to enforce these orders made
by unanimous consent.
Mr. FOWLER. It has been understood in
this discussion that where a particular interest
was under consideration a Senator had a right
to more than five minutes, and it has been
granted in some cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was by
unanimous consent in the case of the Senator
from West Virginia, [Mr. Boreman.] The
question is on the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance, to strike out "sulphur or brim-
stone, crude," from the free list.
Mr. ANTHONY. As I only spoke two and
a half minutes, I will speak a minute and a
half, so as to leave one minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island spoke four minutes, and has one
minute left.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then, sir, I hope that
all Senators who are in favor of fostering the
agricultural interests of our country, the basis
ot all our wealth, will give us free sulphur,
which makes a cheap sulphuric acid, by which
alone the enormously valuable fertilizers lately
discovered in South Carolina can be utilized.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the amendment of
the committee will not be agreed to in this
particular, and I shall be very happy to yield
three or four minutes to the Senator from Rhode
Island, who evidently has something further to
say on this subject.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. The question is on the amendment of
the committee striking out "sulphur or brim-
stone, crude" from the free list.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Chair state the
effect«of the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
just stated it. The Committee on Finance
recommend the striking out from the free list
of "sulphur or brimstone, crude," and the
question is on that amendment.
The amendment was rejected ; there being,
on a division—ayes 22, noes 24.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in line one hundred and ninety-
three of section forty-eight of the House bill,
to strike out the word "^ylonite" and insert
" xylotile."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment being a verbal one, will be made, if there
is no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it had better be
amended so as to read " xylonite or xylotile."
There is a difference of opinion as to the cor-
rect name.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
suggests to use both words?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir ; one is the com-
mon name and the other is the proper name.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This concludes
the free list. The next amendment is a new
section reported by the committee.
