1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'mt
provides for educational purposes during the
pleasure of Congress ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think the honorable Sen-
•ator is correct on that point.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I desire
to say this : that 1 have found of late that one
branch of Congress is disinclined to exercise
that pleasure m favor of the Indians; and I
suggest to the Senator that he will hardly find
k practicable perhaps to enforce that provision
of the treaty.
Mr. HARLAN. The CommissioncrofIndian
'Affairs called the attention ot' the committee to
the fact thai, these Indians have a school. It
is very much needed for their welfare, and an
appropriation has heretofore been made for it,
if I remember correctly his statement, and it
seems to be an inauspicious time to drop it off
just at the moment when we put these Indians
under different management, in the hope that
they may secure increased development by a
different kind of treatment; and as this is dis-
cretionary with Congress, I shall hope that
Congress will not retuse to appropriate the
money.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page -12, after line ten
hundred and twenty, 1 move to insert the fol-
lowing:
For this amount, to bo paid in coin, to enable the
Seeietaiy ot the Intcnor to carry into effect tlicpio-
visions of the ninth article of tho treaty with tho Pot-
tawatomie tribe of Indians of February 27,18GT, the
paid Indians having been paid annuities due under
the provisions of the treaties of 1818 ami 18£9 in cur-
rency, S'lid treaties providing for payment in coin
^37,8i3 OG, being the aggregate difference between the
coin value of said several payments at the dates of
'1'jopsury warrant* and the amount-! due in coin, with
interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum from
dates ot said Treasury warrants to June oU, J8,d.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This amend-
ment, I presume, stands upon the same footing
with the one adopted a few moments ago.
Mr. HARLAN. Precisely the same. It is
specifically provided for in the treaty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 43, line ten hun-
dred and thirty-lour, [ move to increase the
appropriation lor the Quapaws from #2,GU0 to
$2,GG0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 43, after line
eleven hundred and sixty-two, 1 move to insert
the following clause :
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of the
Inteiiorto fulfill the provisions ofthetwelxth article
of the treaty with the Scneons, mixed Snneeas,
Shawnees. and Quapaws, $90,000, to be paid person-
ally to each claimant or his heir according to tribu-
nal uya-ge, pro ra(u on the awards, as set forth m re-
port of commissioners dated April 25. 1869, exclud-
ing therefrom the claim (No. 105) of My-skdr-to ior
$12,&1 "/5. which is hereby rejected.
For fulfillment of obligation of the United States
with the Wyandotte Indians, as provided in the
thirteenth article of the treaty concluded February
23,1867, the several amount? ascertained to bo duo
hv the board of commissioners as per report dated
March 2, I860, with interest thereon at the rate of
live per cent, per annum, £06,000, or so much t hereof
as may be ncccsoary, computing interest ut five per
cent, per annum. ,
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of tnc
Inteiior to carry into effect the piovicions ex uic
treaty concluded with the eo"federated binds ot
Peorias, Kaskaskias, Wops, and Piankci-haws, on the
23d day of February, 186/, winch contemplates the
withdrawal irom said confederation of such of its
members as ma.y elect to become citizens ot the Uni-
ted States, and the payment to such withdrawing
members their proportion ofthccornmonlund ofsaiJ.
confederation, ^30,522 06, lor the^ purpose ol paying
fifty-five members who have signified their intention
and taken thenecossary steps required lor sueli with-
drew.i5, which sum shall be deduetedirora the money
credits of such confederated baud*. _ And theSeere-
tary ot thelntenoris hereby authorized and directed
to make an equitable and just division of all stocks
held by the United Slates in trust for said confed-
erated bands between those who have elected to be-
come citizens and those who retain their tribal rela-
tion, and to sell the portion awarded to the citizen
part, of said bands; and both which sums shall be
applied by said Secretary in satisfying the claims of
such members of said confederate bauds as have thus
signified their desire to becomecitizpns, asstipulated
and provided in said treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine! There are three
distinct propositions in this amendment, and
1 ask for a division of them; and let the ques-
tion be first taken on the first paragraph, which
I move to amend by striking out "$90,000"
and inserting " $10,984 20."
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. A.division
being called for, each paragraph will be voted
upon separately, and the Senator from Maine
moves to amend the first amendment by strik-
ing out " $90,000" and inserting "$10,-
984 20."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I am
right in the sum. I mentioned it to the chair-
man of tho Committee on Indian Affairs, I
think that sum relates to this proposition.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would apply per-
haps to the next, item. The first clause ill the
amendment, as read by the Secretary, relates
to the payment of losses sustained by the Seu-
ecas, mixed Senecas, Shawuces, and Quapaws
according to a piovision in the treaty which
required that the Department, should send com-
missioners to examine the subject, and make a
report, and that tho amount found to be duo
them, if approved by the Secretary ol'lhelnte-
rior, should t)e paid, not exceeding the sum
of $00,000. Tins recommendation of tho com-
mittee is in pursuance of thatreportand of the
award made by the Secretary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I find Unit I am
mistaken, and mv proposition applies to the
next item. I therefore withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment; but_>still I desire to
raise a question about this amendment. 1 will
read the twelfth ariiele of the treaty to which
the amendment lefers; lain not sure that I
am right about it, but 1 will see:
Whereas tho aforesaid Scnocas, mixed Sonceas,
Shawricos, and Quapaivii wen; driven from their
homes durins the late war, and their properly de-
stroyed, tho (jovemmont being under obligation to
protect tliem, but ior tho tune uitnblo to do so, it is
jig-reed tliat, a ooiiiiniision or not to exceed two per-
sons shall be appointed by the Secretary of the in-
terior, who !:h<t ii proceed to their country and muko
caretul investigation ot' their claim.-; for losses, and
make :i lull report ot the Fame to the Dep.irtnicn!;
und the rfeoretjiy ot the inteiior i-hall, upon ?neh
report, make suell awards a-< he filial 1 deem equitable
and j Uot.
Mr. CORRE FT. I suggest, that, after " $00,-
000" the words "or so much thereof as may
be necessary" should bo inserted.
Mr. IIAULAN. Tuere is no objection to
that.
Mr. CORBETT. I make that motion to
amend.
The PRESIDING! OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon moves to a mend the amendment
by inserting alter " J'JO.OUO" the words "or
so much thereul" as may be necessary.''
The amendment to tho amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the adoption of this item
of the amendment, as amended.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out, '*$1)0.000" and
inserting " $50,000."
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that will not be
done. This is in pursuance of a treaty pro-
vision, an award made by connnissioneis ap-
pointed by the Government and approved by
the Secretary of the laieuor.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The appropriation is
now of 890,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary. Ninety thousand dollars is the
maximum, ff we leave ^90,000 m it will all bo
used as being necessary. I think !j50,QOO
ought to do.
Mr. HARLAN. It will all bo taken up.
There is no doubt about that. The amount
proved and awarded is much above $90,000;
but the treaty itself provided that if the claims
found to be just should exceed $30,000 that
amount should be p:rd pro raid. There was
no necessity, therefore, for the amendment
proposed by the honorable Senator from_Ore-
gon, but it could do no harm. tf
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I' was looking
to see what the evidence was on which this was
based. The treaty provides for an examina-
tion of claims, an audit, and a report by the
Secretary of the Interior. .Here is a specifio-
ation of the claims recommended tt) be paid
by which I find that the amount recommended
for allowance is $110,2-59 90. That is the
amount stated, but the limitation in the treaty
is $90,000. I say, therefore, to my honorable
friend from South Carolina that if these claims
are just it would seem that the limitation lie
proposes of $50,000 would not be right. -
Mr. ROBERTSON". I object to paying these
Indians, ior the simple reason that good men
driven from their homes in the South during
tho war, men who werfl loyal to the Govern-
ment of the United States, have not been rec-
ognized by the Government and have not been
paid a cent for their losses. Why should these
Indians be paid in preference ? If the Senate
pay these claims to these Indians 1 give notice
that I shall hereafter insist upon the allowance
and payment of the claims of southern people
who were loyal during the rebellion on the
same terms that we pay the claims of Indians.
Mr. SHERMAN. Were these Indians rebel
Indians?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I confine my advocacy
to the claims of loyal citizens of the South. I
withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the adoption of tho first item of
the amendment of the Committee on Indian
Affairs,
The item was agreed to.
The next item of the amendment was read,
as follows:
For fulfillment of obligation of the United States
with the Wy.rndotto Indians, unprovided in the thir-
teenth article of tho treaty concluded February 23,
lt>07, tho several amounts ascertained to bo duo by
the boaul ot commissioners, as per report dated March
U, ISoO, with interest thereon at the rate of five per
cent, per annum, $136,000, or so much thereof as may
be neooj.mry, computing interest at iivo percent,
pel annum.
Mr. MOR1ULL, of Maine. I move to amend
the amendment by strikWigout " $60,000" and
inserting "$10,984 20"
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to state the founda-
tion of this claim before the vote is taken on
I hat. The United States agreed with these
Wj 'andoltes to have the books of the Depart-
ment examined by commissioners to be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Interior, for
the purpose of ascertaining whether there were
not sums of money due to them under their
treaties which had never been paid. Three
gentlemen were appointed, who performed this
fcrvice and reported the amount, named in this
clause of the amendment, as due under the
various heads. One, I remember, was "loss
sustained by them on the sale of bonds."
Under an old treaty the United States agreed
to invest for them certain money in bonds of
the United States. When the time arrived for
the investment of the money the Department
was unable to procure the kind of bonds spe-
cified iu the treaty, and invested the money m
certain State stocks. Afterward, under another
treaty, it was provided that those funds invested
for them by the United States should be turned
over to them, or paid to theui, and the Depart-
ment turned over to them the specific stocks
in which their money was invested. They not
being United States stocks, as stipulated in
the old treaty, the Indians received those stocks
under protest, and sold them at a considerable
loss. Thecommissioners, therefore, concluded
that they were entitled to the difference between
the par value of the United States stocks and
the amount of money they actually received on
the sale of the bonds that were turned over to
them by the Government, and interest on that
amount from the date of the sale up to the
present time. There are some other items iu
the claim that I do not now remember specific-
ally, but the most of which I think the hon-
orable Senator from Maine admits to be just
and proper unquestionably. The main item
is the one I have described, about whicu there
may be a difference of opinion.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will merely stale
