4052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
in addition to what the Senator from Iowa has
said that this payment was made in State
bonds under protest from the Indians; it was
not a payment in kind as specified. And
although they made that protest, they sold the
bonds at the very time they received them.
Therefore no claim can be set up that they
were sold for less than the market value. They
took a wise precaution to secure their market
value at the time they were received. I could
not bejustified as an individual, nor couldany
other individual in my estimation be justified
in paying a debt in a different medium from
that specified in the contract, unless the defi-
ciency in value was made up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Maine to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not sure
that I am entirely accurate; but the chairman
of the Indian Committee, who examined this
matter carefully, will correct me if I am not.
I understand that by the treaty stipulations
the Government undertook to invest in certain
United States securities a sum of money which
was conceded to be due these Indians; but it
was impracticable to do it because those secur-
ities were not in the market. I assume now
that I am right in these facts. Still, there was
the money to be invested ; and the Government
did invest it in certain State securities, and
those State securities were at that time current
in the market and were considered good secur-
ities. Now, my point is that that was a rea-
sonable execution of the trust by the Govern-
ment ; that although the specific obligation of
the Government was to invest in United States
securities, that was impracticable—in other
words, it was quite impossible ; but still there
was a trust to be executed in some way; there
were trust funds which could not be disposed
of in the way prescribed. Still there was a
trust obligation on the part of the Government,
and I think the ordinary principles of law would
justify the trustee in funding this money, so to
speak, ill securities which were current in the
market. I understand the Government did
that. Doing that, if I am right in the facts, I
think it discharged all its obligations to the
Indians, and no liability would accrue to the
Government after that.
That is my objection to that part of this
claim which covers the matter of these securi-
ties ; but the sum which constitutes my amend-
ment is made up of two items, which I think
clearly are just. First is a sum consisting of
annuities due to the Indians prior to the war,
which were not paid, it is conceded, and on that
interest is cast amounting to something more
than tli?.principal itself, which, perhaps, under
the circumstances is not unreasonable; and
to that I am willing to add $5,000 which was
provided for by the fourteenth article of the
treaty of 1867, which has not been paid, which
should be added without interest; and these
two items make the sum embiaced in my amend-
ment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It does not seem to
me that the Government can be exonerated
from fulfilling its obligation or its equivalent.
The promise was to invest in United States
securities, and the fact that the Government
was unable to get those securities does not
exempt it from the obligation of making pay-
ments equal to them. Instead of doing that,
it invested the money in State securities, and
those State securities at the very time the in-
vestment was made were not worth par. They
were passed over to the Indians at a time when
they were worth less than par, and they were
sold immediately, being received under pro-
test at less than par. 1 think the Government
can do nothing less than make up that defi-
ciency. Without it it does not fulfill its treaty
obi igations and pay what it agreed to pay, either
in United States bonds or their equivalent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho Chair
will be compelled to enforce the fourth rule on
the Senator from Maine. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Maine does not rise with a view of mak-
ing a speech or addressing the Chair, but 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine is entirely out of order if he
does not propose to address the Chair. [Laugh-
ter.] The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Maine to the amendment,
which is to strike out "$66,000" and insert
"$10,984 20."
Mr. POMEROY. I have for several years
had my attention called to this matter by the
Wyandotte Indians, or persons of that nation
who represent them. They have always felt
that this obligation ought to be met. I believe
that from the oldest to the youngest they are
civilized and intelligent and enlightened. They
know their rights just as well as we do. They
insist upon it that the Government does owe
them this amount. I presume I never visit that
section of the State that members of this tribe
do not visit me tourgeupon me to sustain their
interest in this matter and to ask for the pay-
ment of this sum ; and they are not unreason-
able persons; they have a sense of justice, and
they think that justice has been outraged toward
them in this transaction. I hope the Senate
will sustain the report of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. I believe it to be exactly what
those more familiar than I am with it think to
be right; and on that ground I hope it will be
sustained.
Mr. C0RBETT. Suppose we were now to
enter into a treaty stipulation providing that a
certain amount of money should be invested
in United States stocks for an Indian tribe,
should be passed over to them, and then the
Secretary of the Interior should invest the
money in Tennessee stocks worth fifty or sixty
cents to the dollar, and turn those over in place
of United States stocks, because the latter could
not be procured. Perhaps there was not so
great a difference in the stocks at that time;
but I understand they were less than par, and
they sold them immediately on tlie receipt of
them; but they were not at par with United
States stocks, and therefore they claim the
difference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected; there being, on a division—ayes 11,
noes 27.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the adoption of this item of
the amendment of the Committee on Indian '
Affairs. I
The item was agreed to.
The nextiteminthe amendment'proposed by ]
the Committee on Indian Affairs was read, as
follows :
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to carry into effect the provisions of the
treaty concluded with the confederated bands of
Peorias, Kaskaskias, Wens, andPiankeshaws.on tlie
23d day of February, 1S67, whieli contemplates the
withdrawal from said confederation of such of its
members as may elect to become citizens of the United
States, and the payment to such withdrawing mem-
bers their proportion of the common fund of said
confederation, $30,520 00, for the purpose of paying
fifty-five members who have signified their intention
and taken the neecssary steps required forsuch with-
drawal, whichsuinshall bo deducted irom the money
credits of such confederated bands. And the Secre-
tary of tho Interior is hereby authorized and directed
to make an equitable and just division of all stocks
held by the United States m trust for said confed-
erated bands between those who have elected to
become citizcns and those who retain their tribal
relation, and to sell the portion awarded to the citi-
zen part of said bands; and both which sums shall be
applied by said Secretary in s/iiisfying the claims of
such members of said confederate bands as have thus
signified their desire to become citizens, as stipulated
and provided in said treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
an inquiry as to this matter. This amendment
appropriates $30,522 06 apparently. My in-
quiry of the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs is whether this amendment ap-
propriates money from the Treasury, or whether
ft is simply a distribution of funds betweenj,hese
Indians?
Mr. HARLAN. It is merely a distribution •
between the citizen part of this tribe and the
tribal part.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand these are
the citizens who are going out from the tribe.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir ; they have proved
up their capacity to become citizens before the
district court of the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. It is only a division of
the Indians' money.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The next amendment ot
the Committee on Indian Affairs is on page 52,
after line twelve hundred and fifty-six, to add
after "Idaho" the words " aud southeastern
Oregon."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs propose, on page 53, after line twelve
hundred and eighty-three, to add " including
Santee Sioux in the State of Nebraska."
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am also instructed to
move to insert on page 55, after line thirteen
hundred and forty-four :
For payment of outstanding indebtedness on ac-
count of Indian service iu the Sioux Indian district
in 1868 and 1859, under the supervision of General W.
S. Harney, $120,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There should be
some explanation of that.
Mr. HARLAN. That is for a deficiency in
supplying beef and flour to the Sioux Indians
under the supervision of General Harney, in
the early part of the year 18G9. The amount
of vouchers that have actually been audited
does not reach $120,000 quite. I think the
papers show about one hundred and seven
thousand dollars ; but the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs says there are outstanding vouch-
ers for this service which wiil bring it up
to about one hundred and twenty thousand
dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAIILAN. On page 56, in line thirteen
hundred and sixty-four, in the appropriations
for the S'Klallams, I move to strike out
" $18,000" and insert" $2,500;" so as to read:
For eleventh of twenty installments for the sun-
port of an agricultural and industrial school, and for
pay for suitable teachers, per eleventh article treaty
26th October, 1855, $2,530.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In the same items of ap-
propriation, iu lines thirteen hundred and
sixty-nine and thirteen hundred and seventy,
I move to change the amount from "$3,625"
to "$4,600;" so as to read :
For eleventh of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and a
physician who shall furnish medicine for the sick,
per treaty June 26, 1855, $1,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In tho appropriations for
the Walla-Walla, Cayute, and Umatilla tribes,
on page 60, in line fourteen hundred and sixty-
six, I move to change "$8,450" to "$11,200;"
so as to read :
For eleventh of twenty installments for tho pay
and subsistence ot one superintendent of farming
operations, one farmer, one blacksmith, one wagon
and plow maker, one carpenter and joiner, one phy-
sician, and two teachers, per louith article, treaty
9th June. 185:>, 811,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In the appropriations for
the Winnebagoes I move to insert on page 61,
after lino fourteen hundred and eighty-three,
this clause:
For insurance.and transportation of goods that
may be purchased for said Indians, $3,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think that sum
is too large.
Mr. HARLAN. It may be. The Commit-
