1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4997
on shipboard a ndfcound fortho United States within
fifteen days after the passage of this act, and all
goods, wares, and merchandise on deposit in ware-
house and public store on the 1st day of April, 1861,
shall be subject to pay suci?duties as are now pro-
vided by lav/ before and at tlse time of the passage
of this act.; and all goods in warehouses at the time
this act takes effect''—
That is, the July following—
"on which duties are lessened by this act, may bo
withdrawn on payment of the duties heroin pro-
vided.''
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I will ask my friend
whether, ss commercial intercourse stood at
thattimc, it was reasonably possible to make
foreign orders and import with a view to the
change of the tariff? My friend knows that it
was not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only say that the
Committee on Finance agreed" that this net
should take effect on the 1st of October; but
for reasonssuflicient in the judgmentof almost
every Senator wo agreed to postpone it, accord-
ing to usage, until the 1st of January.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to refer to the
very happy illustration which the Senator from
Vermont made m speaking of Bessemer steel.
Suppose this tariff aet passes to take effect on
the 31st of December, without any prohibition
of this kind; any man who pleases can import
Bessemer steel between this date and the lime
this act takes effect. But this provision is
intended to be a refund of duties; that is, if
articles are imported at this time upon which
there is a higher tariff than there will be after
the Cist of December, then the importer is to
have a refund of the excess of duty. There-
fore the "Senator's Bessemer steel illustration
amounts to nothing, because you must either
make this aet take effect upon its passage, and
so cut off all importation of Bessemer steel, or
yon must make it lake effect at some future
day. And, of course, if the tariff is increased
by this act on Bessemer steel after the 31st of
December people can import between this time
and that as much as they please. But that is
another subject altogether. This is an amend-
ment simply providing that if articles are im-
ported now upon which there is a tariff higher
than is fixed by this bill when this act takes
effect the party may have a refund, and shall
only be required to pay the tariff which exists
upon such goods when the gale of those goods
is made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thatis a great deal worse
than it was before.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That maybe.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 do not, propose to de-
bate this grave subject: but I understand there
is no amendment offered to the amendment, of
the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not as
yet.
Mr. THURMAN. I propose, then, to offer
an amendment to the amendment. I do not
know that there is anything to prevent Congress
from manufacturing a new w„-rd; but I am a
little apprehensive that, if we go into that busi-
ness of manufacturing new words we shall pretty
soon have a demand for a protective tariff to
levyadutyon all words manufactured in foreign
countries and used in America. [Laughter.]
To prevent that I move to strike out the word
'■refund" in the ninth line" and insert in lieu
of it the word "return and I do that because
I am not aware that, in the English language
the word " rt:
U11U
is
noun. I have never
seen in any dictionary of the English language
such a noun as tho word ''refund/' I there-
fore move to strike it out and inseit the woid
"return."
Mr. SHERMAN. If my colleague were as
familiar wiih commercial language and laws
as lie is with other ma1 tars, he would find that
the word '•rebuild" is the technical word in
common use. It has been used in previous
laws. Where duties are paid which are after-
ward remitted, the word "refund" is the
common word used, and it is used as a noun
substantive I assure him, and the importers
will understand its meaning.
Mr. THt/BMAN. I have never seen it so
in any commercial dictionary, and certainly not
in any of our Standard lexicons; and I prefer
to use language which is known and under-
stood.
Mr. SHERMAN, This particular clause was
drawn up at the Treasury Department to cover
this identical case. I have sent to my room
for my papers, and I can show my colleague
that this word is used by a number of mer-
chants in writing to the committee about this
very matter.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the honorable Senator
from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, will consent to the abrogation of
the word "refund," because of all funds in
the world, I have the greatest objection to a
"refund." [Laughter.]
Mr. SPRAGUE. "Return" is personal.
It means from one to a specified person.
"Refund" is general. That is the commer-
cial meaning of the word. As stated by the
Senator from Ohio, the provision in this bill
is in accordance with precedents. The Gov-
ernment has always given the importers the
advantage of any favorable change of the tariff.
But, sir, whenever this subject of the bonded
warehouse system is referred to in the Senate
or otherwise I feel like expressing an opinion
adverse to it, as it has existed from the time
of its inauguration until the present lime. The
Senator from Michigan this morning urged the
tariff, and in his remarks said what should be
his views in the future. Sir, the tariff was cor-
rectly understood by the slavery monopoly in
the olden time. They knew that the tariff was
the creation of an antagonistic monopoly to
them, and they knew that as it strengthened
they were weakened. I say to the Senator
from Michigan to-day that without the strength
which the tariff gave to American industry, and
the development of it at that time, the north-
ern power would have been as weak as dish-
water and would have had no ability whatever
to cope with the proud, powerful, aggressive
monopoly of slavery. The slave monopoly
would have run over his free territory ; it would
have subordinated every interest of that terri-
tory to its interest in spite of the number of
its people, in spite of the fertility of its soil,
in spite of himself, his party, or anything else.
Sir, the bonded warehouse was a compro-
mise. The bonded warehouse was in the inter-
est of the South. It was in the interest of
southern weakness as against northern power,
and as such it has maintained itself from that
day to the present time. I have repeatedly
stated that it was a creditor bounty to foreign
labor and capital, an interest antagonizing
itself against the home interest. Such it is
to-day. Through it all the frauds on the rev-
enue arc committed; through it there is not
and never can be any honest collection of
duties. Tiio Government, of the United States
through that instrumentality give to the im-
porter a credit to the amount of the duties, and
ho uses it as such whenever he comes in contact
with the American producer. Is there in this
country anybody on any interest that gives
credit and protection in that wise to the Amer-
ican producer? If there is, I have not in my
thought or reflection or practice been able to
perceive it.
But, sir, it would be impossible for me, or
for any other man, to change the principle,
false as it is, wrong as it is, uncertain and loose
as it is. Therefore 1 will not attempt it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ihur-
:,ias] to the amendment of the committee, to
strike out the word "refund" and insert the
word "return."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my colleague
that I have now before me a number of prece-
dents whore the word has been used in the tech-
nical sense in which it is here used. It is a tech-
nical word. I hold in my hand the draft of «t
similar section prepared by the United States
district attorney for the city of New York, in
which the very same word is used in the same
way. The word " refund" is used as a noun
substantive.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope it did not come
from the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; but it came from a
good lawyer—the district attorney of the United
States in the city of New Ytfc.
Mr. THURMAN. If my colleague has a
particular affection for the word "refund" I
will not insist on the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn. The
question is on the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes thirty-
six, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This con-
cludes the amendments reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I promised 
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow
me to call attention to one amendment of the
committee that was passed tvithout being
noticed?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I simply wish to make a
remark. I do not intend to propose an amend-
ment. I promised to call the attention of the
Senate to section forty-nine and to the substi-
tute for it, numbered in the bill section twenty-
two, and to indicate the opinion of the com-
mittee as to the effect of the substitute. Section
forty-nine, on page 110, provides—
That no ship, vessel, steamer, boat, barge, or flat
belonging to any citizen of the United States, trad-
ing and arriving from a port of the United States,
although touching or stopping at a foreign port or
passing through loreign territory on the voyage, or
trading trom ono port or point within the United
States to another port or point within the United
States, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is stricken out.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know that is stricken
out, and other language has been substituted;
but it is the understanding of the committee
that the language of the substitute is equiva-
lent to the language stricken out. My atten-
tion has been called to this, and several ques-
tions have been asked me upon that subject,
and I agreed to indicate in the Senate that that
was the understanding of the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that the fair construc-
tion of the law V
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish the chairman of
the committee would agree that the vote might
be reconsidered, or regarded as reconsidered,
on the amendment inserting in the free list the
article called kryolite, on page 10G, line one
hundred and fourteen. That amendment passed
without any attention being called to it, and it
seems to mo the Senate ought to act under-
standing^ upon it. This kryolite is a sub-
stance that is found, I believe, only in Green-
land, and the privilege of taking it from where it
is found has been secured by one company in
the United States by a concession from the
Danish Government. It contains eighty per
cent, of soda, and the remainder is partly sil-
ica and partly some other earth. Its chief use
in this country is in the manufacture of soda,
eighty per cent, of it being soda. Out of the
silica found in it some porcelain wares are
manufactured, very beautiful it is true; but
the chief value of it is the eighty per cent, of
soda which it contains. Now, we tax soda in
all the forms, I believe, in which it comes into
this country, and v/e tax, I think, nearly all
the elements out of which soda is made in the
country. To allow this article to come in free
is to give this one company a great advantage
over all the other soda manufacturers in the
country and over all persons using soda, as I
