1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2165
there "what he states, that upon the proposition
to amend the draft of the Constitution by strik-
ing out the word "resident" and inserting the
word "inhabitant" the word "inhabitant"
was deemed in some senses a stronger word
and more comprehensive, embracing more
qualifications than the word "resident." But
if the Senate noticedr while the debate was
being read, toe of the reasons given why the
word "inhabitant" should be used instead of
the word "resident" was that that would em-
brace a man who might frequently be absent
from Ma home on public business, and was
therefore better than the word " resident." I
shall make use of that reason, if I do not for-
get it, before I conclude the very brief argu-
ment which I have arisen to make.
But, sir, going on with that debate, it was
proposed to amend that section further. I
deem it proper here to state that the section
under debate was the section that applied to
the qualifications of members of the House
of Representatives; but the words being the
same, "resident" or " inhabitant," the mean-
ing and the reason of the debate applied
equally here as to members of the other House.
The question being for inseitiug the word
"inhabitants" in place of "residents," it was
agreed to ncm con.; and then, after the word
"inhabitant" had been agreed upon, this fol-
lows in the debate:
'' Mr. Ellsworth and Colonel Mason movod to in-
3tT.t,Von?J?,?'r' for Previous inhabitancy.
Mr. Williamson liked the report as it, stood. IIo
thought resident' a good enough term. He was
lUramst requiring any period of previous rcaidonco.
How residents, it elootod, will bo most zoaluus to
nonfom tothowillof their constituents, asthoircon-
uuct will bo watched with a raoro jealous oyo.
"Mr. Butier iind Mr, Rutlctlxo moved ' tlsroo
years' mstoud of *ohq your' for previous inhabit-
ancy.
*" On (ho question for * thruo yours
South Cu-roliiKi, Georgia; uvo, 2. New llamp-
smro, MasMieliuaottH, Counoot.icu t, Now J crsi y,].>onn-
sylvania, Solawaro, Aiaryland, Virginia, North Car-
olina; no, 9.
"On tho question for 'oncyoar'--
"Now Jersey, Koi'th Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia; ayo, 4. Now Hampshire, Massachusetts.
Connecticut, Pennsylvania, iMawitre, Viruimu; no,
<>. Maryland divided.
And thus after declining to ii\ any previous
inhabitancy whatever, tho article was adopted,
simply requiring that the member should bo
an inhabitant of tho State. What was the
reason given in the discussion preceding that?
" Mr. Rutlodgo urced and moved that a rcsidenco
of seven years should, bo required in the Stato
whorem the member should be elootftd. An omi-
Brant from New Xinelund to South Carolina or Ooor-
Kia would know tittle of its affair*, and could not b«
supposed to aaquiro a thorough knowludgo in less
tinio,
. "Mr. Head reminded him tbotwo wore now form-
ing ft national (Jorornuicnt, and nueh a, regulation
would correspond little with tho idea that wo wore
ono fieonlo,
"_Mr. wilson enforced (ho same cons-idcration.
Mr. Madison susntosted tho caso of new Ktntes in
the Wen which eould have perhaps no representa-
tion oil that j>lau."
Thus enforcing oil the members of the Con-
vention the idea that they were forming a na-
tional Sownmont, and that where thoro were
new States, if previous inhabitancy weru re-
quired there might be no one qualified. Tho
Convention adopted a clause in tho Constitu-
tion which renders eligible to either House a
man who is simply an inhabitant; no previous
residence of one year or one month is required.
Inhabitancy is all that is required, and it mat- ]
ters not from what part of the great nation they |
were then forming that inhabitant may come. ;
He may come from Maine yesterday, and locale |
m Florida to-morrow, and ho is eligible if he |
goes to Florida with a bona fide intention of j
becoming an inhabitant of that State. |
Thus, sir, we have in the beginningthe idea
which animated the authors of this Constitution
in putting the word "inhabitant" in the clauses
to which I allude. It was not that a man should
be acquainted simply with his neighborhood
interests, bat it was that being a citizen of the
United States, of the great nation which they
were then forming, he, as a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, should give evidence of his bona
fide intention of becoming an inhabitant of the
State for which he was elected.
So, sir, we are brought down to the simple
question, was General Ames when elected an
inhabitant of the State of Mississippi? It is
said it ia a grave legal question, and that tho
Judiciary Committee have given it that cold
and dispassionate logical consideration which
every legal question should receive. I give
them all credit for the diligence and the learn-
ing and the ability with wliich they discharged
these duties, and I feel it to be due to that com-
mittee to say further that tho very fact that they
had after that dispassionate consideration re-
ported against the eligibility of General Ames
was another reason why I was biased against
his eligibility, and sat down to look upon that
question as they had looked upon it.*
Now, sir, looking upon it in that light, what
is the legal question which precedes the ques-
tion of fact that is involved in this case? In
the first place tholegal question involved in it
is whether an officer in tho regular Army of
tho United States is under a disability as to
forming the intention of making a residence;
whether ho is under the disability of acting as
other men do, as civilians do, in determining
his civil rights. And 1 think it is just there
that there has been some ambiguity in this
discussion, or some uncertainty in some of the
terms that have been used. I agree that so
tar as his bodily movements are concerned he is
subject to orders. Iftho Commander-in-Chief
says "Go," he must go ; if he says ''Come,"
ho must conic?. So fur, then, us Ins corporal
movements are concerned he is not mi juris,
tw the term has been used here; it in not at his
volition that ho goes hither or thither, but it
is in obedience to orders. Out was it ever held
that because an oflicer of tho Army of the Uni-
ted Slntcs is nubjest to obey orders in tho lino
ot ma duty, that fact trammels him mentally ;
that he has not just as good a right as you or
I have to form his conclusions as to whether
ho will have his home hero or there, and those
conclusions once formed are just as good in
hi.s ease as they are in yours or mine?
11 J go South to practice law, to teach school,
to sell goods, to plant cotton, I may go; and
when there i may^say that il I can buy a cotton
(limitation thai suits mo I will become   citizen
ot the State of Mississippi. I may K!1y if I
can get a school that suits mo I will stay there
and play pedagogue. I may say any of those
things; and will not the saying of these things
coming It'om my mouth bo evidence of my in-
tention, ol the (humus HixiHCiitli, as it is termed
here, quoting from tho law-books? Surely
such a statement coming from the mouth of
the school-teacher, or the merchant, or tho
cotton planter would be evidence of his inten-
tion; audit it be evidence of his intention, why
not evidence of the intention of an officer of
the Army who is sent there upon his business?
i'lmt is business for life, he ia an officer of the
tegular Army ; it is his business to obey com-
mands. j agree that obeying tho command and
going there as his business does not make him
a resident. Tho obedience to the order does
not make him a resident; but tho obedience to
the order does not, disqualify him from becom-
ing an inhabitant and citizen if ho wish to do
so. That is tho point I make in regard to this
legal question that has been raised.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question ''
Mr. SCOTT. With pleasure.
Mr. CONKLING. if I apprehend the hon-
orable benator, he says that one, going to a
State for t.lm purpose of purchasing a cotton
plantation, lus going being conditioned upon
that, might ptu-chaso it and become an inhab-
itant, and his doing so would be a fact and a
declaration. Am 1 right in that?
Mr. bCOI*J . I he Sonator misapprehends
me in one point. I said that if he went there
and when going ha stated that if he could buv
a cotton plantation to suit him he would become
a resident and a citizen, his declaration of that
intention would be good evidence for the pur-
pose of determining his inhabitancy or citizen-
ship.
Mr. CONKLING. I think, then, I fully
apprehend the Senator now, that he might say
that if he bought the cotton plantation he would
become an inhabitant, and thus the fact would
become accomplished if he did buy it. That
is what the Senator means.
Mr. SCOTT. If he did buy it that would
be pretty good evidence of his bona fide inten-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. Now will the Senator
answer mo this question: suppose the Consti-
tution of tho United States said that he should
not buy a cotton plantation unless he was
beforehand an inhabitant of the State, would
his illustration and his suggestion hold good
in that case? Of course, the point of my
question is designed to bring to the Senator's
attention_ this fact: not only, as has been
argued this morning, did the intention of Gen-
eral Ames hinge upon a contingency, but the
contingency itself rested upon the very event
which the intention must absolutely precede.
That is the point. It is not that if General
Ames had gone there for the purpose of buying
a cotton plantation or some other thing, hing-
ing his intention upon that, there would be
any imperfection or incompleteness in the
case ; but the particular point is that the Con-
stitution says that when elected to the Senate
he shall be an inhabitant of the State, and that
he shall not be elected unless he is at that time
an inhabitant. Now, when he goes making
his intention contingent, and contingent upon
the very event, and that only, which it must
absolutejy precede, I point out to the Senator
the distinction between that case and the
instance he puts of the cotton plantation.
. Mr. SCOTT. I understand the Senator's
interrogatory; andthewholepurport ofiteomes
to this: is there evidence enough in this ease
to satisfy the Senate ot the bona Jide intention
ol General Ames to become an inhabitant of
the State ol Mississippi; and all these other
questions come in simply to have whatever
weighty no less atid no more, they may have in
determining that question.
I fear the interruption has led me into a
longer train of argument on this subject than
i intended to indulge in. I was upon the idea
that General Amos went to Mississippi iu obe-
dience to orders, foil owing his regular business :
but agreeing that the simple fact that ho v/ent
there in obedience to orders would not make
him a citizen of Mississippi or an inhabitant
as it would in all probability in the case of any
one going there to follow one of the civil pur-
suits of lifo. If a man went there to trade in
merchandise, ortoplant, as Ihave said, the irre-
sistible conclusion to which everybody would
bo led at once would be that he had gone there
to become an inhabitant of the State of Mis-
sissippi; and I suppose if a man had gone
tuero and followed his regular occupation as
long as General Ames has followed his occupa-
tion there, two years, no Judiciary Committee
m any parliamentary body upon earth would
ever tiiink ot questioning the bona jide char-
acter ot ins inhabitancy. So that the whole
question in regard to his inhabitancy turns upon
the fact that he stands ia a different position
from those who are pursuing the civil avoea-
10ns ot hie, ami is there in obedience to orders
; as an Army officer.
_ Now, sir, let us get clearly at the point. It
is not whether going there in obedience to
ti dors as an A rmy officer makes him an inhab-
itant and a citizen; but it is, does the fact of
ms being an Army officer deprive him of the
opaou and right to make an inhabitancy and
citizenship where he pleases? I have never
yet heard that doctrine contended for, although
the very clear and luminous argument of my
Ulead, the Senator from New York, made yes-
terday, concludes with that position, if I do
not misapprehend it. I quote the words of the
benator from New York, which he uses, after
