1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1221
law of bankruptcy. |
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent, >
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1183) to amend
an act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
pvstem of bankruptcy throughout the United
States.'' approved March 2. 1867 ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed.
reduction of the army.
Mr. DYER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1184) to provide for a
farther reduction of the Army; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
lucretia c. clements.
Mr. KNAPP, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1185) granting back
pension to Lucretia C. Clements ; which was
read a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
special treasury agents.
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Retohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, directed to inform this House how
many special agents of the Treasury have been
appointed and are now acting for that Department;
aiso, what salary is paid to each of said agents, and
whether they are allowed any emoluments by way
of rent for offices or for o ther purposes; also, by what
authority of law they have been appointed.
cotton manufactures.
Mr. BUCKLEY, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the General As-
sembly of the State of Alabama, representing
the great importance to the country of such
legislation as will encourage the establishment
in the South of mills for spinning cotton, and
asking that machinery for this purpose, like
that for spinning flax, may be introduced free
of duty.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
range-lights on st. clair river.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, requested at his earliest conven-
ience to report to the House estimates for the con-
struction of range-lights on the middle ground in
the St. Clair river, opposite the city of St. Clair, in
the State of Michigan.
expenditures in district of columbia.
Mr. COBURN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish this House a statement of all
expenditures from the national Treasury for public
and private purposes in the District of Columbia,
excluding salaries of public officers, from the time
the seat of Government was located at Washington
to the close of the fiscal year ending June 30,1869.
Mr. HOAR. I object.
town of arc ata.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1186) for the
relief of the town of Areata, Humboldt county, j
State of California; which was read a first and J
second time, and, with the accompanying i
papers, referred to the Committee on the Pub- j
lie Lands. |
naval force.
Mr. McCRARY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
■ Pee"lved< That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
is hereby, directed to inform the House—
The number of officers of each rank now on
toe active list of the Navy.
' '■'-ona. The number of vessels of each rate now in
'■'unrai-sion in the Navy, and the number and rate
0 Xee",?'sr'ai(l UP for repairs.
v11"™.. The number and rank of officers of the
'h any' whose scrviccs will not be needed in
1 •" "vent tlmt thf number of m6n now allowed by
law and the number of ships now in the Navy be not
increased.
1'ourth. The whole number of non-commissioned
officers and seamen now in tho naval service.
congressional globe.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committeo on Printing bo
directed to report to this House a copy of the con-
tract under which tho Congressional Globe is now
published.
charges against claim agents.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed
to furnish this House with a copy of the report of
Brevet Colonel Richard I. Dodge upon the charges
against agents for the prosecution ofclaimsfor bounty
and pensions at Memphis, Tennessee.
franklin stoner.
Mr. HALDEMAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1187) for the relief
of Franklin Stoner ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. DEWEESE. I call for the regular order
of business.
order of business.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask unanimous consent
to report a bill from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad for consideration at this time.
Mr. DEWEESE. I object,, and call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the morning hour will now
commence. The first business in order during
the morning hour, to-day being Friday, is the
call of committees for reports of a private
nature, beginning with the Committee on the
Judiciary, where the call rested at the expira-
tion of the morning hour of Friday last.
alexander j. atocha.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Iam instructed by
the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred House bill No. 446, to amend an act
entitled "An act for the relief of Alexander
J. Atocha," approved February 14, 1865, to
report the same back with an amendment.
The bill, whieh was read, provides in the
first section that Alexander J. Atocha, in the
prosecution of his claim, referred to the Court
of Claims by an act of which this is an amend-
i ment, may use such portions of the evidence
j| taken in pursuance of the rules and regulations
| of the commission established under the fif-
i. teenth section of the treaty of Guadalupe
!' Hidalgo, and laid before the commission, as
j consist, first, of the evidence of such persons as
| have died since the taking of their testimony
: for use before said commission ; second, offi-
j cial correspondence between officials of the
I Mexican Government and those of the United
| States on the subject of this claim.
j The second section provides that before such
; testimony shall be used aa evidence it shall be
: certified to the Court of Claims, under the seal
of the Department of State ; provided that
before the Court of Claims shall issue any order
or rule for the testimony of any such deceased
witness it shall be shown to said court, by an
affidavit of said Atocha or otherwise, that the
: witness is dead whose evidence is proposed to
| be used under this act.
The amendment reported from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary was, to add to the second
section the following:
And provided further. That the United States shall
in no case be liable for any of said claims over and
above the amount unexpended of the $3,250,000 pro-
vided by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo for the
payment of claims of American citizens against the
Government of Mexico.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was according read the third timo,
and passed.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and :i1m>
moved that the motion to reconsider be laic' on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
richard m. green.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill (H. It. No. lUisj ibr
the payment of Richard M. Green for the use
of his patent by the Government; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, appropriates, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
i appropriated, the sum of §5,000, as payment
in full to Richard M. Green for the use by
the Government of his patented machine for
i bending chain-cable links, connecting shackles
! and tackle-hooks.
j Mr. BENJAMIN. I suppose this bill must
go to the Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
i vate Calendar.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman raise
the point of order that this bill contains an
, appropriation?
Mr. HALE. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] will not insist upon
his point of order. I am willing to explain
the bill, and to allow any reasonable discussion
upon it.
j Mr. BENJAMIN. I will withdraw my point
! of order until the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
! Hale] explains the bill.
! Mr. HALE. This is a claim of Richard M.
Green, who is a mechanic in the employ of the
Government in the navy-yard in this city. It
is for the use by the Government for his inven-
tion for bending links to make cable-chains
and tackle-hooks. This claim was before the
Committee on Naval Affairs in the last Con-
, gress, and a bill was reported for his relief, of
' which I hold a copy in my hand. That bill
failed for want of time, it being near the close
of the session when it was reported. I will
1 state in brief the nature of the claim, because
it is so simple that all will understand it.
Before this invention had been introduced
into the Navy—and I will say that I was sur-
[ prised on learning this fact from Mr. Green—
j; all links for chains were bended in the primi-
j tive manner, by being erected and then smitten
| with blows from a sledge-hammer, thus doubling
!! them over. The result of such an operation is
that the fiber of the iron becomes broken and
impaired; and, in addition to that, in shaping
the link there is a difficulty arising from the
inequality in the proportions of the link. Ono
side will be, perhaps, a little longer than the
i other, the side where the pressure of the strain
I comes being somewhat shortened; thus the
strain comes upon some particular part of the
link, which, therefore, is not so strong. Now,
the design of this invention 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not think it neces-
sary for the gentleman to go any further with
his explanation. This bill should have gone
to the Committee of Claims, not to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. I insist on my point
of order.
Mr. HALE. Claims of this nature have fre-
quently been before the Naval Committee,
because the invention being used in the Navy
it was presumed, I suppose, that that commit-
tee would understand the needs of that branch
of the service. ,r.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] insists on his point of
order, that this bill contains an appropriation
and must go to the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar. The Chair must sustain
the point of order, and the bill is so referred.
william connolly.
Mr. GTLFILLAN, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812,
