4998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
am told. I may be mistaken about this; but
this is the information I have; and I should
like to inquire what good reason there is for
allowing this article to come in free when soda
in all its various forms is taxed? If that can
be explained, I shall make no objection to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can explain it, although
it is not now in order. I do not want to take
anything up out of order; but I am perfectly
willing to explain it.
The committee examined the question of
kryolite very carefully, and unanimously came
to the conclusion to place it 011 the free list.
The Senator fro^.Delaware [Mr. Bayard] is
perfectly familiar with it. Kryolite is a mere
rock formation in Greenland. It is the rawest
product, a mere ore. It is not only the basis
of a great number of useful industries, but it is
especially the basis of the manufacture of por-
celain ware, specimens of which were exhib-
ited to the committee.
Mr. THURMAN. That is made out of the
silica it contains.
Mr. SHERMAN. Made out of this very
thing, the raw kryolite. The raw product is
made into porcelain, and great varieties of it,
like glass ware. It is a very interesting pro-
cess. We thought that of all the things named
this was one of those raw products which ought
to go on the free list as a matter of course.
It is said that an American company has the
exclusive right to bring this article to this
country. 1 do not know whether it isan Ameri-
can company or not; but we were told, and the
papers show, that it can be got from other quar-
ters and by other persons. There is 110 trouble
about that. It is free and open to any one;
but it so happens that only one company brings
it in here now. It is manufactured in Phila-
delphia, where they make a great variety of
useful articles out of this kryolite. It is now
growing to bo a very interesting industry.
But I would rather not go back in the con-
sideration of this bill. My colleague can. at
a different stage, move to strike this out if lie
wishes to do so. I think it would he setting a
bad example to go back now, because it has
just been adopted by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Imove to amend the bill
by adding as an additional section the following:
And bt; it further cnactcd, That tho Commissioner
nf Internal Revenue is hereby authorized and re-
quired to remit tho taxes on tobacco destroyed or
damaged by fire, when in ti amUu trom tho factory,
or in bonded warehouses, when satisfactory evidence
of such damage or destruction is presented.
The object of this amendment is, where
tobacco is lost or destroyed while in transitu,
to save the parties the necessity of coming
here to Congress asking special legislation for
relief. We have had frequent cases of that
sort, and special acts have been passed at this
very session of Congress. If this amendment
should be adopted, upon satisfactory proof of
the loss of the tobacco, either in transitu or in
the bonded warehouse, the tax can be remitted
by the Department, and the parties saved the
necessity of coming here asking for special
legislation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will not
adopt that amendment. Itwould be a very wide
opening for fraud. All these case3 are special
cases, and in proper cases we sometimes remit
tiie taxes; but I hope we shall not adopt that
amendment. There is nothing in this bill
about tobacco, and this would establish a very
dangerous prefedent. I could go 011 and ex-
plain it at length, but I do not deem it neces-
sary to do so.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I desire to offer another
amendment, to insert on page 38, at the end
of line sixteen, the following :
But the tax on snuff andsnuff flour, manufactured
tobacco, or any substitute for tobacco, ground, dry,
chimp, pickled, or scented, or otherwise, of alt de-
scriptions,when prepared for use,and on all chewing
tobacco, line cut, piui?, or twist; on all tobacco
twisted by hand, or reduced from loaf into a. oondi-
aon to be consumed, or otherwise prepared, without
the use ot any machine or instrument, and without
being pressed or sweetened, and all other kinds of
manufactured tobacco not otherwise provided for,
shall bo sixteen oents per pound.
Mr. President., when this tax was imposed
Virginia, which up to 1860 was the principal
tobacco-growing State in the Union, was not
represented in Congress. The effect upon her
industry of such legislation could not be so
well understood by those who lived in other
States as by her own citizens.
The producer of any given agricultural pro-
duct is alone competent to estimate the cost
of its production; and now that Virginia is
represented, it is only proper that this subject
should bo reviewed. The immense tax im-
posed upon tobacco is sought to be justified
upon the ground that it is a luxury, and that
luxuries ought to bear the principal burden
of taxation. I agree to this general princi-
ple, but deny its application to the particular
subject.
Articles of luxury proper to be heavily taxed
are those things which are brought from abroad
and purchased only by the rich, and which the
rich alone are able to purchase. If those
who have money will indulge their tastes, their
fancies, or their passions, it is proper that the
Government should be allowed to derive a rev-
enue from their expenditures. The reasous
for this are twofold. The tux falls on those
who are able to bear it; and as the articles
taxed are made in other countries 110 burden
is imposed upon any home industry. Cham-
pagne, Burgundy, and Madeira are produced
in Europe, and are only consumed by the
wealthy. Silks, laces, &e., are the results of
the skill and labor of other people than our
own, and are never seen upon the persons of
the poor. Hence, the tariff upon these things
may bo kept at the very highest point that will
allow their importation.
But it is altogether a different thing when,
instead of being wholly a foreign product, the
subject of taxation is a domestic one. Then
a heavy tax upon it becomes a lax 011 industry.
Now, there is hardly any one article which is
so geneially used as tobacco. All classes and
sexes consume it in some form. To the rich
it may be a luxury ; to the poor it is a comfort,
almost a necessity. The poor man enjoys his
pipe as much after his bacon and greens as tho
rich man does his cigar after his venison and
Burgundy. All nations, savage and civilized,
must have their narcotics. They seem essen-
tial. That most generally in use is tobacco,
and there are few nations which do not enjoy
it. Professor Johnston estimates that eight
hundred million people use it.
I have said that tobacco was not a luxury
merely, but, an industry. No one agricultural
product of America gives employment to a
greater variety of laborers, or requires more
skill. In 18-10 the number of persons in the
United States engaged in the culture and man-
ufacture of tobacco was one million five hun-
dred thousand. What it is now I have 110
means of knowing, but of course it is greatly
increased. In the city of New York alone
sixty thousand persons are employed, one way
or other, in the tobacco business. Every opera-
tion connected with it, from the time the seeds
are sown until it is ready for use, requires the
greatest care and the most constant attention.
The process of curing or firing is exceedingly
delicate, and can only be learned well after
much time and close observation. Men, women,
and children, skilled laborers and common
field-hands, all iind employment in its cultiva-
tion and manufacture. It is not only an indus-
try, but a great industry. It is produced by
neatly every State of the Union and is one
of the staples of several of them. It is ex-
ported largely and furnishes us with a consid-
erable fund abroad with which to pay for our
imports. Therefore the tax upon it. should
not bo too heavy, because it is a, tax upon
domestic labor ; it should not be too heavy
because a burdensome tax will diminish the
product, and thus curtail an export of so im-
portant an article; one which supports and
employs so many of our people, which ought,
to pay a handsome reyenue, which ought to be
shipped abroad, ought not to be taxed out of
existence.
I admit the great difficulty of framing an
internal revenue system which shall be just
and equal in its operations. The system being
new to this country was necessarily somewhat
a matter of experiment, and must be improved,
changed, and corrected as experience dictates.
The thing of internal taxation is at best a great
evil; a huge machine, difficult in the last de-
gree to manage. Bat one thing is at least
sure, it ought not. to be so conducted as to
affect injuriously any of the great interests of
the country; and when it is ascertained that
such is the fact, then haste ought to be made
at once to make tho necessary changes. If
the people must be taxed let the laws be such
that t.liey can easily understand them, and the
taxes such as they can pay without ruin to
their business, or without, the necessity of a
change of occupation. To such a system of
laws the people will yield a ready obedience.
If a man knows what tax he is liable to pay
lie cannot be imposed upon, and he pays it
readily. But if the laws are so complicated or
obscure that he cannot comprehend them, and
is obliged to take the statements and construc-
tions of tho assessors, he feels that he is at the
mercy of another man who has qften too much
temptation 10 yield to the advantages bis posi-
lion gives him. There ought to be 110 conflict
between the Government and the citizens,
110 inducements to the citizens to evade the
laws, and no necessity on the part of the Gov-
erninent to resort to extraordinary rneusuresto
hunt out and punish breaches. The people
ought not to be demobilized; nor ought the
Government to degrade itself by the employ-
ment of detectives, spies, and informers. All
legislation looking to such results is wrong in
principle. The people will pay a reasonable
tax, they will resort, to every expedient to evade
an oppressive one, and public opinion will
to a greater or less extent excuse breaches of
such laws. See what a long struggle Eng-
land lias had with smugglers and illicit distill-
ers. Public sympathy was with the smugglers ;
and the "mountain dew" that was flavored
with smoke and had never been gauged tasted
sweeter to most British subjects, especially the
Irish and Scotch.
The mass of the American people do not
understand our internal revenue laws. The
numbers who do can almost be counted on
your fingers. It is a series of laws full of snares
and pitfalls, elaborate and minute to a ridic-
ulous degree, putting the people in the power
of the officeis of the Government, compelling
them to conduct their business under a system
of espionage. The collection of the revenue
under the laws as they now staid is a game
between the people and tho Government, a
game of skill: each party plays with marked
cards or loaded dice. There is 110 confidence.
The Government m effect says to the citizens,
" I know you are going to cheat me if yon can,
and therefore 1 impose the most grievous pen-
alties upon } nu and employ people to watch
yon and swear against yon, to spy out your
most secret business." The citizen replies,
"Your laws are hard, and long, and compli-
cated, your taxes are unnecessarily burden-
some, your system of collecting them is vicious,
and while 1 feel it ray duty generally to obey
the laws of the land, yet these particular laws
I intend to evade if I can." It is the play of
" hide and seek."
'1 hese big taxes are justified by some on pre-
text of paying off the national debt. Mr. Presi-
dent, I am unable to see why there should be
such hot haste to pay this debtat once. When
the Government, has so far demonstrated both
its ability and willingness to pay it it has done
enough to establish its credit on a firm basis.
