3110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
have bean agreed upon by the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. STILES. I object.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. IIAWLEY. I understand that, and ask
that unanimous consent be given for that
purpose.
Mr. SARGENT. The bill, as now framed,
is intended to answer the same purpose that it
would it'amended as the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. IIawlet] desires to have it amended.
The amendments propose simply a change of
phraseology.
Mr. FITCH. We have no objections to the
amendments.
Mr. STILES. Ie debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, without unani-
mous consent.
Mr. STILES. Then I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stiles] objects to amendment
and to debate.
Mr. FITCH. As the amendments propose
merely some changes in the phraseology of the
bill, 1 hope the gentleman will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. STILES. Very well; I will withdraw
my objection to the amendments.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I renew the objection.
TheSPEAKER. Theobjection having been
renewed, no amendments can be received, as
the previous question is operating.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order now to
move to reconsider the vote orderiug the main
question ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order, because the House is engaged in
executing the order for the main question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. When will the previous
question be exhausted, so that it will be in
order to move the reconsideration?
The SPEAKER. The previous question
will be exhausted with the third reading of the
bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then let it be read the
third time.
The bill was then read the third time.
The SPEAKER. The bill having been
read the third time, the question now is:
"Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire now to move
to reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered.
The SPEAKER. In accordance with par-
liamentary practice, the Chair is bound first to
recognize the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Smith,] who has charge of this bill, if he de-
sires to submit any motion iu regard to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I call the previous
question upon the.passage of this bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. STILES. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 69,
not voting 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Armstrong, Asper,
Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Barry. Beaman, Benjamin,
Bennett, Blair, Booker, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley.BurdettjRoderickR. Butler, Cake, Church-
ill, William T. Clark. Sidney Clarke, Coburo, Con-
fer, Conner, Cnllom, Dawes, Deeener. Dox. Eldridge,
'arnsworth, Ferris3, Fisher, Fitch, Gibson, Hamil-
ton, Harris, Hays, Heflin, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Ingersoll.Jenckes, Johnson, Kelley.Xellogg, Knapp
   " " ~ - X, M "
Logan, Maynard, McCarthy,   
McKee. McKensie.Milnes, Jesse H.Moore, Morphis,
McCormiek, McCrary,
sse II. Moore, Morphis,
Negley,_0'Neil], Peck,
Daniel J. Morrell. Myers^ _ _  
Perce, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser,
Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod. Joseph 8. Smith, Wil- <
Ham J. Smith, William Smytb.S'arkweather.Stokes, i
Stougbton.Strader. Strickland. Strong,Tanner, Till- 1
man, Townsend, Voorhees, Cadwalader C. Wash- |
burn.Wells,Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson,Eugene i
M. Wilson, and Witcher—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arnell, I
Benton, Biggs, Bird, Buffinton, Bnrehard, Cessna,
Cleveland, Arnasa Cobb, Cowles, Cox, Dickinson,
Finkcltfbarg. F >x, Getz, tiilSllan, Griswold, Hale,
Hainbletmi, Hawley, Hay, Hill, Holraan, Thomas L.
Jones, Jnd'J, KeJsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Law-
niaoa, Itnuehridge. Mayhnm, McGrew, MoNeoly,
Morcur, W illi&m Moore, Morgan. Niblaek, Paokard,
Packer, Phelps, Randall, Reeves, Rioe, Sconeld,
Shanks, Shoher, John A. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stiles, Swann, Sweeney, Taylor, Tyner, Upson Van
Auken, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Willard.
Williams. John T. Wilson, Winans.AV inchestor, and
W ood—GO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey, Banks, Barnum,
Beatty, Beck, Bingham, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, James
Brooks, Burr, Benjamin 1\ Butler, Calkin, Clinton
L. Cobb, Cook, Covodc, Crebs, DitvisJTickey, Dixon,
Dookery. Donley, Duval. Dyer, Ela, Ferry, Garfield,
Haight, lLUdeman, II am ill. Hawkins, Ueaton, Hoge,
Alexander 11. Jones. Julian, Laflin, Lash, Lynch,
Marshall, Eliakim II. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill,
Morrisey. Munceu, Orth, Paine, Palmer, Piatt, Pot-
ter, Ridgway, Sebuinaker, Porter Sheldon, Sloeam,
Worthington C. Smith, Stone, Taffo, Trimble,Twich-
ell. Van llorn, William B. Washburn, Wolker, and
Woodward—61.
8o the bill was passed.
Mr. SMITH, ofOregon, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. KNOTT and Mr. HALE obtained leave
of absence for the remainder of to-day's ses-
sion.
Mr. MOORE, of Qhio, obtained leave of
absence for four days.
Mr, STILES obtained leave of absenoe till
next Tuesday.
Mr. DOX obtained leave of absence for six
days.
Mr. KERR obtained leave of absence till
May 16.
Mr. MAYHAM obtained leave of absence
for five days from the 1st of May.
Mr. TOWNSEND obtained leave of absence
from the adjournment to-day until next Tues-
day morning, on account of sickness ia his
family.
Mr. HAMILL obtained leave of absence till
Wednesday next.
Mr. DAWES obtained leave of absence for
one week.
Mr. STEVENS obtained leave of absence
till next Thursday.
Mr. WOOD obtained leave of absence for
, three days.
| Mr. HILL obtained leave of absence for one
| week.
Mr. PLAIT obtained leave of absence for
i one week.
j . Mr. ATWOOD obtained leaveof absenoe for
I ten days.
| Mr. CLEVELAND obtained leaveof absence
j till Tuesday next.
| Mr. ELDRIDGE obtained leave of absence
for this evening's session i
The SPEAKbR asked leave of absence for
Mr. Hamilton and Mr. Archer for the session
of this evening.
Objection was made.
washington market company.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Tanner, Mr. Logan, and Mr. Van
Wyck: as the committee of conference on the
part of the House upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1084)
to incorporate the Washington Market Com-
pany.
hot springs reservation, arkansas.
The SPEAKER also announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. Knott, Mr. Orth, and Mr. Rogers
as the committee of conference on the part of
the House upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (S. No. 95) in relation
to the Hot Springs reservation in Arkansas.
ordering an evening session.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
take a recess till half past seven o'clock p. in.,
to meet in Committee of the Whole upon the
special order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
adjonrn. I believe this motion take precedence.
The 8PEAKER. The question must first
be taken on the motion to adjourn.
On the motion there were—ayes *]0, ndes71.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the yeas and
nnys. Let us see who will kepp faith. There
was an understanding we should have an even-
ing session for the tariff bill.
Mr RANDALL. Let the vote first be taken
by tellers.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; I withdraw the
demand for the yess and nays and call for
tellers.
Tellers were Ordered; and Mr. ScnExcKand
Mr. Ingersoi.i. Were appointed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. As the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] intimates that it is bad
faith to attempt to dispense with an evening
session, I will withdraw the motion to adjourn,
although I was not a party to any agreement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will not
facilitate business at all by withdrawing the
motion to adjourn, for it would be immediately
renewed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 59, noes 69.
Mr. ELDllIDQE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 94, not voting82;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Ayer, Beck, Biggs,
Bird, Booker, James Brooks, Cleveland, Cox, Dege-
ner, Dickinson, Eldridge, Ferriss, Fox, Gibson, Gris-
wold, IIamblcton, Holman. Hotchkiss, Knott, May-
ham, McKenzie, McNeely, Morphis, Niblack, Perce,
Peters, Porter, Prosser, Reeves, Rioe, Shanks, Sher-
rod, Shober, William J. Smith, William Smyth, Ste-
venson, Stiles, Stoughton, Strader, Swann, Upson,
Van Anken, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Whitmorc,
Wilkinson. Williams, Winans, and Witcher—51.
KAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Asper, Atwood, Axtell,Barry, Bennett, Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
ehard, Burdett, Cake, Cessna, Churobill, William
T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Conner, Covode, Cowles, Culloin, Finkelo-
burg, Fisher, Fitch, Getz, Gilfillan, liamill, Harris,
Hawley, Hay, llcfiin. Hoar, Hooper, Ingereoll,
Jenckes. Johnson,KelleyJvellogg.Kelsey.Keteha m,
Knapp, Lawrence, Logan, Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Cormick, McCrary, McGreW, McKee, Mercur, Mil-
nes, William Moore. Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,
Negley, O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Randall, Roots, Sanford, Sargent,
Sawyer, Sohenck, Soofteld, Lionel A. Sheldon, Johu
A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith. Starkweather, Stevens,
Strickland, Strong, Tanner, Taylor,Tillman, Town-
send, Tyner, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Wheeler, Willard, Gugene M. Wilson, and John T.
Wilson—94.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Bailey, Bajiks,
Barnum,Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton. Bing-
ham, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, Burr, BenjaminF. Butler,
Roderick R..Butler, Calkin, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook,
Crete, Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Dockory, Don-
ley, Dox, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferry, Gar-
field, Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Hays, Ileaton, Hill, Hoge, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Laflin, Lash,
Longhridge, Lynch, Marshall, Eliakim II. Moore,
Jesse II. Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey, Mungett, Orth, Paine, Piatt, Poland, Potter,
Ridgway, Rogers, Scnumaker. Porter Sheldon, Slo-
cum, Worthington C. Smith, Stokes, Stone, Swefiney,
Taffe, Trimble, Twichell, Van Horn. Voorhees,
William B. Washburn, Welker. Wells, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—82.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 modify my motion, and
move that the House take a recess till eight
o'clock, to meet in-Committee of the Whole on
the special order.
On the motion there were—ayes 88, noes 32.
Mr. STILES called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
(at five o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) took
a recess till eight o'clock p. m.
EVENING 8ESSI0N.
At eight o'clock p. m. the Committee of the
! Whole on the state of the Union, in accord-
ance with the order of the House, resumed its
session, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded with the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 1068) to amend existing laws relating
to the duty on imports, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the pending paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows :
On all iron wiro or wire of which iron shall be a
component partofcliief value, including annealed.
