4054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
found necessary to pay any amount that may
be found just by audit of the Secretary of the
Interior," so as to subject it to the inspection
of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HARLAN. I have 110 objection to that.
If they have made any error in the computa-
tion it ought to be corrected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that modification will bo incorporated
in the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the fund from
which this amount was taken? If this amount
was taken from a certain fund, should not the
amount be restored to that fund, and why give
it io the Indians ?
Mr. POMEROY. It was the Indians' fund.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then why not restore it
to the Indian fund ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Indians had
a certain fund out of which this money was
taken.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand this appro-
priation proposes to give the money to the
Indians. Why not give it back to that Indian
fund from which it was taken?
Mr. RAMSEY. Probably 1 can explain to
the satisfaction of the Senate something about
this fund.
The Winnebago Indians, as represented in
the communication just rea'd at the desk, were
removed from one of the most beautiful pieces
01 country we have in the whole State of Min-
nesota, a reservation upon which they had
been settled from the year 1851 or 1855, in the
very heart of the State; and without consulta-
tion with them, without any new negotiation,
they were bodily picked up by thg Govern-
ment. and carried olF to a much inferior country
in the Slate of Nebraska, or 011 the borders of
Dakota Territory 
Mr. THAYER. I trust my friend from Min-
nesota does not mean to reflect on Nebraska.
Mr. RAMSEY. I looked around before I
spoke, and did not see the Senator; I thought
I10 was out. [Laughter.] I will qualify that
remark. They were first taken to the borders
of Dakota Territory, and afterward removed
from there, because it was utterly impossible
for them to earn a livelihood at that point.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator says these
Indians-were taken to a country inferior to
Minnesota. The truth was that tliey could not
live in such a barren region as Minnesota.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. The truth is that the land
of ihis reservation in the State of Minnesota
is selling for ten dollars an acre.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to ask
when these Indians were removed?
Mr. RAMSEY In the year 18G3. The
Seriate will rceollecl that the great Sioux mas-
sacre occurred in x\ugust, 18G2. A few of the
young men of the Winnebago tribe living near
by were drawn into that affair; but the head
men arid the chiefs of the nation disapproved
ot it. and were hostile to it. Nevertheless,
after the destruction of the lives of a thousand
of our people, and all in the period of about,
ten days, the excitement was so great in Min-
nesota that, there was no discrimination between
Winnebago and Sioux, and everybody that wore
a blanket was indiscriminately fired upon.
Under these circumstances, and because of
the uniform good conduct of the Winnebago
nation, the General Government interfered,
and having 110 time for negotiation with them,
took Ihem up bodily and carried them down
the Mississippi river in steamers, and up the
Missouri in ihe first instance to Crow creek, on
the borders of Dakota Territory, from which
place, as i said before, because of the impos-
sibility of their earning subsistence from"the
cultivation of the soil, by reason of the per-
petual drought prevailing there, they were
removed to a slightly better country, I will say
to the Senator from Nebraska, in the State of
Nebraska. But the country from which they
wore removed in Minnesota was a country con-
ceded to them ■ by solemn treaty, many years
before, a large and beautiful and fertile coun-
try, notiejuore so in all the States 6f the North-
west. I saw them as they came down, steam-
boat loads of them, sorry and sad as any people
I ever saw. Kuowing the chiefs and principal
men well, I went among them and tried to
encourage them. I recollect distinctly that as
successive boats came down they were under
the guardianship of soldiers lying at the wharf
at St. Paul, and I saw them before they moved
off. It was a sad and sorry picture, I must say.
They had done nothing themselves to provoke
this; but, as I said, a few of their indiscreet
young men were carried off by excitement into
the Sioux camp; and this irritated the people
on the frontier, and in the excitement there
their lives were entirely unsafe. It was the
best thing the Government conld do under the
circumstances, to remove them; but still it
was a hardship to these Indians. I cannot
see why for one moment there should be any
hesitation about reimbursing them if the ex-
pense of this removal was charged upon any
fund of their own. I presume I know the fund
out of which it was probably taken. The
Government legislated 011 the subject subse-
quently, and ordered their reservation to be
placed in the market aud sold. Some of that
land was sold at two, three, four, five, or six
dollars an acre, and I think that land has since
been selling as high as ten, or perhaps twenty
dollars, so valuable is it. There was no prov-
ocation on the part of these Indians as a tribe
for the removal; they were entirely guiltless;
and I think, without hesitation, the Govern-
ment ought to reimburse them to the uttermost
farthing of the expenditure involved in their
removal.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word "cents'' the
words "which shall be placed to the credit of
these Indians upon the books of the Treasury,
on which shall be allowed five per cent, per
anuum, the income therefrom;" and then it
goes oti to provide for the expenditure, and
then to strike out the proviso.
'Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Chair
understand this to be a substitute for the
amendment of the Senator from Maine?
Mr. CORBETT. A substitute for the prop-
osition of the Senator from Maine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If so, it is not
in order, because that is ail amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I like that bet-
ter. I withdraw my proposition.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment..
Mr. HARLAN. The Quaker superintend-
ent in this superintendoncy is very anxious to
have some money to apply for the benefit of
these Indians this year; and if the honorable
Senator from Oregon would amend his amend-
ment so as to permit the use of thirty or forty
thousand dollars of this money the present
year I should have no objection.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
amend it by providing that $200,000 of this
sum shall be placed to the credit of the Indians
on the books of the Treasury, and the income
applied as provided.
Mr. HARLAN. With that modification I
shall have no objection to the Senator's
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be modified accordingly.
Mr. CORBETT. That will leave thirty-two
odd thousand dollars to be expended at once.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page G2, in line fif-
teen hundred and nine, I move to strike out
"$10,200," and insert "$11,400," in the
appropriation '• for the eleventh of twenty
installments for the employment of a super-
intendent of fanning, two farmers, two black-
smiths, one tinner, one gunsmith, and one
wagon and plow maker" for the Yakama na-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 08, after line fif-
teen hundred and forty-six, I move to insert:
For rebuilding grist and saw mill, 810,000.
For beneficent purposes, to be expenu<".l uutici
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
825,000.
Mr. POMEROY. What tribe 13 that?
Mr. HARLAN. The Yancton Sioux.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to know
what "beneficent purposes" mean. What is
the object?
Mr. HARLAN. I have 110 objection to any
other phraseology. If the Senator will suggest
anything better I will accept it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I simply want to know
what the object is.
Mr. HARLAN. It is to be applied for the
general improvement of these Indians, in aid-
ing them to improve their land, for the pur-
chase of stock and agricultural implements,
for general purposes. I ought to state here
that this is a gratuity entirely. It is not stip-
ulated for in any treaty, but it is necessary for
their support. The Yancton Sioux are com-
paratively poor, and they have been at peace
with the United States always, and have been
a kind of breakwater between the savages of
the plains and the frontier settlements. They
complain that the hostile Indians obtain more
under treaties recently made than they obtain,
who have always been at peace ; and the De-
partment recommend that this amount should
be allowed in addition to what they are entitled
to under treaty stipulations.
Mr. PATTERSON. Are they entitled to
other appropriations for the purchase of cattle
and agricultural implements?
Mr. HARLAN. They are entitled to some-
thing like §40,000 a year under treaty stipula-
tions. That is my memory.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is m the
bill this provision for the Yancton Sioux :
For the second of ten installments, (second series,)
to be paid to them or expended l'or their beneiit, com-
mencing with the year in which thoybhall remove
to and settle and reside upon their reservation, per
fourth article troaty 19th April, 1858, $40,000.
Now, it is said that that is inadequate for
their general support, and is not on a par with
other Indians who have not been so favorable
to the Government, and the Department, as I
understand, recommend that §10,000 for re-
building their mills, and the further sum of
$25,000 for general purposes, be appropriated.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to the chair-
man that 1 have no objection to this appropri-
ation if it is called for and is needed for'the
benefit of these Indians; but it seems to me it
would be much better to have it specifically
stated what the object is, for our experience
of Indian agents is not such as to give us very
great confidence in the wisdom which they will
exercise in expending the money.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think that
remark is very pertinent; and I wish to say on
the subject generally, that I have no inform-
ation about this matter except what comes
from a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, addressed to the Committee on
Appropriations, urging the propriety and im-
portance of this appropriation. If we can trust
the judgment of the Department, who advise
and recommend this, it is a good thing. I
would suggest that instead of coming in at line
fifteen hundred and forty-six, this amendment
should come in after the word "dollars" and
before the proviso, 111 line fifteen hundred and
forty-two.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe these .Indians
have been for some years under the Presby-
terian mission, and the endeavor has been there
to improve their condition, and there has been
great complaint made~by these Indians. We
thought it was best to give them something as
well as give it to some other Indians, as we
have been doing, for purposes of education and
general improvement.
