1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
have allowed you had you made application,
We will not give them to you."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I want to know if the
gentleman is not aware that in the case of
every pensioner of the war of 1812, and every
pensioner of the war of the rebellion, the pen-
sion commences from the date of the applica-
tion. unless it is made within five years from
the time the disability occurred? This party ,
is precisely in the situation of every other pen-
sioner.
Mr. HAWLEY. We know that applica-
tions of this character are made here, and that
many of them are granted. And if any case |
is a case of merit, appealing to the justice of
the House, it is where a soldier of the war of !
1812. who has been totally disabled, applies
for that which under the law he ought to have ;
had from the year 1814. !
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman cannot
find a precedent in the laws of Congress for
the passage of this bill—not one.
Mr. HAWLEY. I am a new member, and
may not be so well acquainted with precedents
as some members; but I am told that there ;
are a great many precedents for what is pro- i
posed here. I am told it has been a frequent :
practice to pass such measures ; and I would
say, if it has not been the practice that is no
reason why these arrears should not be given
to this man if he is entitled to them.
Mr. WILLARD. I now yield to the chair-
man of the committee, [Mr. Deweese.]
Mr. DEWEESE. The two bills offered to
the House this morning were selected out of a
batch of several hundred bills, introduced by
almost every member of the House. Gentle-
men have a practice, when any person writes
them regarding a pension or a claim of this
kind on behalf of soldiers of the war of 1812, of
quietly shoving such applications away into the
room of the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions and War of 1812, that they may there die.
We have been running over those bills, and
are now preparing a list showing the name of
every member of Congress who has introduced
a bill which is before the committee. These
two bills are among the most meritorious bills
that we have had before us. The Legislature
of the State of Missouri unanimously passed a
resolution asking Congress to pension the sur-
viving soldiers and widows of soldiers of the
war of 1812. I say to the gentleman that these
bills are put forward to feel the temper of the
House, so that if you intend to pension the
soldiers of the war of 1812 you will vote to pen-
sion these men. If you intend to use our com-
mittee-room merely as a waste room in which
to store away the petitions that come to you
from petitioners among your constituents, from
the poor-houses and alms-houses throughout
the United States, why, then, vote down these
bills and let the people see that it is for mere
buncombe that you are introducing these bills.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Why do not the com-
mittee bring in a general bill instead of these
special bills?
Mr. DEWEESE. For the simple reason
that when we approach any members to ask
them about it they say the pension-rolls will
be crowded, and that the taxation on the people
is already heavy enough.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman will allow
me to say to him that the Committee on Invalid
Pensions have perhaps a hundred cases before
them to-day for arrears of pension. They will
report none of them unless it is a general law
that shall cover all, for all pensioners who
failed to make their applications are precisely
m the same situation. If the Committee on
Invalid Pensions report any favorably they
will report a general bill covering them all.
Mr. WELKEll. I would ask the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Deweese] what he
proposes to do with the list of members of
Congress who have introduced bills for the
relief of their constituents, which he says his
committee is preparing ?
Mr. DEWEESE. We propose to pension
the members for their labor. I yield now to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know what facts
were before the committee in reference to
this case ; but I want to say to the House that
I know the individual, and I know that if there
ever was a deserving case presented to Con-
gress the case of Mr. Seward is one, and I
think Congress ought to grant him the relief
he asks.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire whether
the bill now pending before the House does
not contemplate an additional pension for a
period of some fifty years?
Mr. WILLARD. It is for arrears of pen-
sion.
Mr. BINGHAM. For how long?
Mr. WILLARD. From 1813 to 1825,twelve
years.
Mr. BINGHAM. With the leave of the
gentleman, I desire to say here that I look
upon it as an act of simple injustice to multi-
ply pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812
who are already receiving pensions, and refuse
persistently day by day to report a bill for the
relief of men who are in our poor-houses and
who have never received one dollar of pension
and never could for want of legislation. For I
myself I beg leave to say that I never intro-
duced a bill into this House of any kind for 1
buncombe. The gentleman totally mistakes
my character when he makes any such intima-
tion. I did introduce a bill to grant pensions to
all the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812, and
to the widows of your dead soldiers of that war,
in obedience to the petitions of men who are
j starving or in great poverty, and who by no
existing law can obtain pensions, and who are
as justly entitled to them as any men living.
I am this day for pensioning the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812, to take effect, of
course, from the passage of the act, and not to
be retrospective in its operations. I am also in
favor of pensioning the widows of such of the
soldiers of the war of 1812 as have passed to
their final rest without receiving any relief from
the Government. Sir, it is a dishonor to the
Republic to-day that the majority of the sur-
viving soldiers of the war of 1812, so far as my
advices go, are this day living either upon pri-
vate bounty or upon public charity in your
poor-houses. That is the case in every State,
I undertake to say. Sir, they are not going to
be long a charge upon the bounty of this great
nation. It is able to take care of them. But
I cannot see the propriety of making additional
provision for those who are already provided
for, while we leave those who have never re-
ceived any support whatever from the public
Treasury to linger in poor-houses during their
few remaining days.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. WILLARD. Very well.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will not the gentleman
yield for the purpose of having a resolution
considered by the House which shall instruct
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions to
report a general bill to pension the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812 ? I agree with the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] that it is
a burning shame that this act of justice has
been delayed so long; and it should not be
delayed any longer.
Mr. WILLARD. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman ought
to yield.
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. WILLARD. Very well.
Mr. BENTON. I think, as the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has very justly said,
this Government ought to make provision for
those who stood by it in the war of 1812. The
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Deweese]
says the committee have brought in this bill, in
connection with another, selected from a hun-
dred cases or more, as being the most merito-
rious. Now, if these cases, going back forty-
five or fifty years, are the most meritorious of
all presented for our consideration, then I must
say the mountain has indeed labored to produce
a very small result. I am in favor of a general
law that, will afford justice to all deserving eases,
and not pick out here and there some isolated
case for the relief of some grandfather or some
grandmother, and leave unattended to other
cases equally entitled to our consideration.
During the Fortieth Congress a bill passed
the House with great unanimity providing for
pensioning all the surviving soldiers or their
widows of the war of 1812. I am in favor of
general legislation upon this subject, and not
special legislation, picking out here and there
a case no more meritorious than thousands and
hundreds of thousands of others all over the
country. I am, therefore, opposed to all these
special bills, retrospective in their operation.
The chairman of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions [Mr. Benjamin] has informed the
House that that committee have adopted a rule
to grant pensions by special act only from the
date of the act. There are hundreds of cases
now waiting the action of that committee upon
a general law. We should legislate by general
law, for general laws will give general justice,
while these special laws are not always just.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. BENTON. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. As the gentleman has said,
about one year ago this House passed a law
providing for pensioning all the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812 ; all of them. The
Senate refused to pass the bill. Now, the way
the two Houses of Congress stand there is no
mode left for relief except that proposed by
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. BENTON. I do not understand that
because the Seriate did not pass a bill of the
House of the Fortieth Congress it is to be
inferred that that body will not now pass an
act for the relief of the soldiers of the war of
1812 who may need relief. I know that it is
a very popular hue and cry here to stand up
and talk about pensions to soldiers. I have
heard an honorable member of this House say
that he has never voted against a pension bill:
Now, he is acting on this floor as a Representa-
tive, having charge of the people's money, and
he has no business to vote for any pension
unless it is a just and meritorious case. I am
sure this House is ready to pass a general law
on the subject, and I have not any doubt, for
one, that the Senate will acquiesce in an act
giving justice to the soldiers of the war of 1812.
Mr. WILLARD. I have but a few words
to say.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. As I am a mem-
ber of the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions, I would ask the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Willard] to yield to me for a few mo-
ments.
Mr. WILLARD. I will do so.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I deem it proper
to say, for the information of the House, that
several members of the committee making this
report were not present when this case was
under consideration. I do not undertake to
speak for the absent members of the commit-
tee, only for myself. I do not favor the pas-
sage of these special bills. At the last meet-
ing of that committee of which I had any
information the committee found the room
occupied by another committee, and I was not
aware that there had been any meeting of the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions since
that time. There seems to have been a meet-
ing, at which this bill was agreed to be reported.
I do not favor its passage. I wish to say, how-
ever, while I am upon the floor, that 1 would
most cheerfully support, here or elsewhere,
a general bill granting pensions to all neces-
sitous survivors of the war of 1812 ; but this
