1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2167
down, I wish to allude to, and therefore I will read
it here„and ask attention to it:
If I am not admitted to the seat I shall now
regard Mississippi as my home, and return there as
a citizen of it.'"
Disqualified before because there was a con-
tingency in the declaration that he made,
namely, ''If I am elected United States Sen-
ator then I will, be a citizen now qualified
because beauts in, another contingency, " If I
am. not admitted I will remain as an inhabitant
of Mississippi' and the same contingency now
qualifies him which disqualified him before,
unless we refer to the fact that the Senator from
New York in the concluding part of his speech
took the position that it was his subjection to
military orders before which prevented him
from exercising that volition.
Sir, these are the views which present them-
selves to me upon this question. Believing
that a military officer subject to orders may
exercise the same volition for the purpose of
settling and determining his civil rights that a
Senator or a member of Congress or any other
man may, believing that General Ames after
tin inhabitancy of two years in Mississippi as
military Governor did in good faith say to the
people of Mississippi, "I become one of you,"
and thereupon they elected him Senator, I
am forced, notwithstanding the bias with which
T entered upon this investigation, to come to
the conclusion that, as a matter of fact, law,
and justice to the people of Mississippi, he is
entitled to his seat, and I shall accordingly so
vote.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is one point in this
ease that 1 wish to call attention to. It has
been declared by all the Senators who have
spoken against the admission of General Ames
that he is now eligible, that he may to-morrow
be reelected ; and, believing that there may bo
some Senators who may vote to exclude him
tit present upon that supposition, 1 wish to
inquire why it, is that General Ames is now
eligible, if he was not at the time of his elec-
tion? It must be simply because he has re-
signed his commission in the Army, I suppose;
for, so far as I can gather from this debute, lii.-t
condition or his intention is in no way varied
from what it was before his election. He has
resigned his position in the Army since he
eume to the city of Washington, and has never
since then set foot in the State of Mississippi,
if he was disqualified when ho loft that Suite
because he hold a position in the Army ho is
still disqualified, for he has not since that time
been in the State of Mississippi.
But, sir, what I rose for more especially was
to enter my protest in tho American Senate
against tho idea that an American citizen be-
cause ho happens to hold a commission in tho
Army of the United States has ho volition or
election to doeide where lie may become an
inhabitant of this country. That may be good
law in England; but in tho United States, if ail
the lawyers between here and tho uttermost
ends of the country should tell me so, 1 would
not believe it for a moment. A soldier in the
Army, an officer in tho Army, going to tho
State of Mississippi in obedience to orders,
does not thereby acquire a residence there;
but after ho is there, if ho elects to become an
inhabitant of the State of Mississippi; if iio
elects to marry in the State of Mississippi ami
to make that his home, he has just, as good a
right to do so as you, sir, or I have ; and to
pretend to the contrary is a doctrine so mon-
strous, so anti-American, that I enter my pro-
test against it.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, the Con-
stitution prescribes no length of time during
■vhieh a citizen or a person residing in this
country shall bo an inhabitant of a particular
State in order to be made eligible as a candi- i
dule for tho United States Senate from that
State. It is left entirely to the discretion of
the person who so determines how long he
shall have resided in the State where he pro-
poses to become a candidate. Mr. Ames went
to the Military Academy voluntarily. He
joined the United States Army voluntarily.
He became subject to its orders voluntarily,
and he was moved from post to post volunta-
rily, according to his own will, according to
his own determination, when he entered the
Army. He agreed and determined when he
entered the Army that ha would be subject to
such, movements as liis superior officers might
order. In that view, therefore, General Ames
went voluntarily to make his residence in Mis-
sissippi.
If the State constitution of Mississippi re-
quired a residence of six months in order to
obtain the right to vote there, and he remained
that length of time, he could vote in the State
of Mississippi. It seems to mo that is very
clear, whether it was his own volition origin-
ally to become a citizen of the State or not.
If after ho had resided there tho six months
required by the constitution of the State he
chose to do so, he could refuse to vote or relin-
quish the right or simply hold that right in
abeyance. It would be for him to decide freely
either to vote or not to vote, as he chose. Cut
if ho ehoso to vote in tho State of Mississippi,
and the State constitution required six months'
residence, and ho complied with that require-
ment., ho would have a perfect right to vote
there. If ho determined not to vote, he would
not do so. lie need not do it. If ho is a sin-
gle man and has no particular residence, and
he takes his trunk and goes there to reside,
and stays there six months, according to tho
State constitution ho has a perfect right to bo-
come a candidate for the Senate of the United
States in tho State of Mississippi.
General Ames did reside in Mississippi be-
fore his election about eighteen months. lie
completed a residence there. IIo therefore
became an inhabitant of the Slate, lie was
an inhabitant of the United Stales, lie was
moved from post, to po*t according as tile mil-
itary authorities dictated, it is true ; hut when-
ever he resided long enough in any one place
to become a citizen there, according to tho
constitution of that Stale, he had a perfect
right to vote then1, and ho had a perfect right
to become a candidate for (lie United States
Senate there. That, in my opinion, is very
clear. The fact that he was an ollieer of the
Army of tho United States does not take away
his right as a voter; neither does it. take away
his right to become u candidate for tho Senate
of the United Slates.
1 think the declaration of General Ames that
on consideration, after he had been applied to
by many citizens of the Suite of Mississippi to
become a candidate and had declined at iirst,
having subsequently fairly weighed the pros
and roua, he determined to become a candi-
date, is sufficient evidence thai from (hat date
ho was acitincn of Mississippi the sumo as
though he had decided two days before an elec-
tion to oiler his vote and to vole at the elec-
tion. lie then, if ho had resided the requisite
number of days or months in the State would
havo had a right to vote. Consequently, under
the same rule, he was an inhabitant of the Slate,
and had a right to become a candidate for the
United States Senate. lean see no difference
in the two cases. It is clear to my mind that
as soon as ho determined to hccome a candi-
date for the United States Senate and be a cit-
izen of that State, he became an inhabitant,
and it makes no difference whether that do-
termination was formed one day or six months \
or a few hours before his election.
In my opinion the committee had no light
to inquire into tho contingency whether if
General Ames had been defeated, he would or
would not after that time remain a citizen of
the State of Mississippi. That contingency
was perhaps a thing he did not think of up to
the time iio was asked tho question by the
Judiciary Committee. He had determined in
good faith that he would become a candidate,
and he was a citizen of that Slate from that
moment, and therefore he did not look beyond
that, It made.no difference whether he left
the State six months after he became a candi-
date, or whether he remained and resided there
continually as a citizen of the State. Does
the constitution of Mississippi require any one
immigrating to that State to live there any num-
ber of years? No, sir; if six months' resi-
dence is required, and he lives there that time
required by the constitution he can vote there.
If he simply goes there to remain twelve months
ho becomes a citizen and an inhabitant.
It seems to me that you cannot make a dis-
tinction between a soldier and any other citi-
zen in this respect. If a soldier went there
expecting to reside there twelve months, and
the constitution of Mississippi only required a
residence of six months in order to become a
voter, ho could vote within the year that he
remained there. If he was ordered away be-
fore the time of election arrived, so that he
could not vote, it would be unfortunate for
him, and ho could not vote.
But if he went there with the intention of
remaining any length of time according to the
order, he had a perfect right to clect whether
he would become a citizen of that State or
not. He had a perfect right at any time pre-
vious to the time of voting to declare his inten-
tion to remain there, and to vote if he had
been there the requisite period. Therefore I
conclude that General Ames had a perfect
right to become a candidate for the United
States Senate; and so believing, I shall vote
for his admission to his seat.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it had not
been my purpose to say a word on this subject,
but I ieel constrained by the course of the
debate to utter a few views upon it.
1 am utterly opposed to the admission of
General Ames as a Senator upon this floor,
and 1 think that, every rule and every principle
which applies to his case ought to be applied
with the most rigid strictness. I hold that,
substantially, General Ames-has not been
chosen hy the Legislature of the State of Mis-
sissippi as a Senator from that State to Con-
gress. 1 believe that, substantially, he is the
military appointee of the Commander-in-Chief
of the armies and navies of the United States.
I believe that General Ames is substantially,
and in fact, as much the nominee of President
Grant to tho office of Senator from the State
of Mississippi as though it was written out in
the most formal words in his commission.
Sir, we know some things through the pub-
lic history and the public prints in relation to
this mailer. There are a great many import-
ant fuels, we are bound to infer, in connec-
tion with it. to which we are wholly strangers.
We know this fact in relation to the State of
Mississippi and the military district of which
it consists : when General McDowell was or-
dered from that district to the Pacific coast
General Giilem was left, as a colonel in the
line, the highest military commandant in the
disiriel, and General Ames was his subordi-
nate us a lieutenant colonel. General Giilem
was superseded by General Ames, and was
Iroin some cause or other removed from the
command of that department. What was the
motive? What the object? We can only judge
from what has transpired since. The capacity
ol General Giilem, his fidelity to the Govern-
ment and to the United States, cannot be
doubted. His competency to fill that com-
mand from the period when he was ordered to
leave it to the present time cannot be ques-
tioned. ^ Ho is one of the most approved and
tried officers, one of the most gallant and
knightly in the Army—a man of the highest
intelligence, of the strictest military honor, of
the purest and most exalted patriotism. He
was as competent to the exigencies of that
command and to the execution of its duties as
any military man in the Army. It would be
no disparagement to General Ames to say that
General Giilem was in every respect his equal
for that command. Why, then, was General
Giilem removed ? It was to devolve duties and
offices upon General Ames that it was supposed
