187ft
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3111
■^3^SSSSS«"Ste5KS5R
than No. 25 wire (range, 4 cents per pound, and in
addition thereto 15 per cent, ad twiwe v leaa than
No. 25 wire gauge, 5 cents per pound, and in addi-
tion thereto 15 per cent, ad valorem; Prov trferf, That
all iron wire covered with silk, cotton, or other tex-
tile material shall pay 5 cents per pound m addition
to the rates of duty imposed on iron wire not so cov-
ered.
The CHAIRMAN. To this an amendment
has been moved by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] which the Clerk will report.
The Clerk read as follows:
Insert after the word " on," at the beginning of
the paragraph, the following: . . ,
Round iron not less than three quarters of an inch
nor more than two inches indiameter, and on squares
not less than three fourths of an inch nor more than
two inches square. $J0 per ton; on round iron less
than three quarters of an ineh ormorethan two inches
in diameter, and squares less than three quarters of
an inch or more than two inches square, (22 40 per
ton; and. &c.
Mr. GETZ. Mr. Chairman, there ia no
quorum present.
The CHAIRMAN. That can only be de-
termined by a division of the committee. The
question is on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] on which
debate has been exhausted.
Mr. McCORMiCK, of Missouri. I wish to
move an amendment to the amendment. I
move to strike out "three fourths," and in
lieu thereof insert "one half;" so that all
sizes over half an inch shall be subject to the
tariff of $20 a ton.
Mr. LOGAN. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken in his amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to call the
attention of the committee to the pending
amendment for one moment. If the gentle-
man from Missouri will look back to pages 14
and 15 he will see there are two classes of iron
bars, one described in the last four lines on page
14, and the other in the first six lines on page 15.
The rate has been fixed on those classes of $20
and $22 40 respectively. In the law these same
two classes include not only flats, but rounds
and squares. The paragraphs as they appear
here have reduced the duties on flats, and
rounds and squares are left standing in the law
higher than flats. In other words, rounds and
squares are now left standing in the law at 1 cent
per pound, whereas we have put flats down to
$20 a ton, and the second class of rounds and
Bquares and flats, in the law, is fixed at 1} cents
per pound ; bnt flats have been put down here
to 1 cent per pound, or $22 40 per ton. My
amendment is simply that rounds and squares
shall come in with flats and partake of the
same reduction.
Mr. McCORMiCK, of Missouri. The gen-
tleman misunderstands my amendment. I have
no reference to the amount of the tariff, but to
the diameter of the iron. He provides for all
iron over three quarters of an inch, and my
amendment is to make it one half of an inch,
so as to agree with the iron on page 14, to
which the gentleman has referred.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I follow the
classification of the law, and do not chaBge it.
My amendment is precisely in the language of
the law, except as to the rate.
Mr. McCORMiCK, of Missouri. I withdraw
my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. McNEELY. I object to the gentleman
withdrawing the amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 10, noes 60; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. McCormick, of
Missouri, and Mr. Cessna.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 20, noes 102.
So -the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ASPER stated that he was paired with
Mr. Stiles.
Mr. McCORMiCK, of Missouri, stated that
he was paired with Mr. Townsend.
- The question recurred oil the amendment of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio.
The committee divided; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 25, noes 50; no quorum
voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
and MrJ Scofield.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 53, noes 69.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend by adding at
the end of the paragraph the following words:
Provided further. That rolled iron, not more than
three sixteenths of an inch diameter or square, shall
be suhjeot to the same duty as wire.
Mr. Chairman, it will be recollected that yes-
terday afternoon there arose a question as to
the correctness of the phraseology used in the
description of this class of wire. It Was stated
that there was a certain product which com-
peted with it, which was rolled to a size of less
than three sixteenths of an inch, a specimen
of which I showed to the House yesterday.
An amendment was offered by the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Cleveland,] and an
amendment was offered by myself. Those
amendments were both withdrawn. Oft con-
sultation with the gentleman from New Jersey,
and with sevetral members of the Committee
of Ways and Means, I now propose this amend-
ment, which is merely to make the phraseology
of the section correct, the description of'' rolled
iron three sixteenths of an inch" being used
instead of "wire." I presume there will be
no objection to this amendment.
Mr. BURCHARD. - Mr, Chairman, I desire
that the committee shall understand what they
| are voting upon. There is a class of rod's
i known as brasier's rods that are in common
: use in the various tin-shops of the country for
various purposes. This limitation of size of
three sixteenths of an inch would include
them.
Mr. HOAR. To meet the gentleman's
objection I will add after the words " rolled
iron," the words "in coils."
Mr. Hoar's amendment, as thns modified,
was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
On all iron or steel wire rope, or twisted ties, made
of wire not less than No. 16 wire gauge, 5 cents per
pound: made of wireless than No. 16and not less
than No. 25 wire gauge, 6 cents per pound; made of
wire legs than No. 25 wire gauge, 7 cents per pound.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words "twisted ties" in the three
hundred and seventy-sixth line. These have
been already provided for atalower rate of duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRISWQLD. I move to amend by
striking out " 5" and inserting "2" in the three
hundred and seventy-seventh line; so that that
part of the paragraph will read, " On all iron
or steel wire rope made of wire not less than
No. 16 wire gauge, 2 cents per pound." Mr.
Chairman, I move this amendment in part for
the purpose of making an inquiry of some gen-
tlemen of the committee. I am informed that
these "twisted ties" are really three wires
twisted together.
Mr. KELLEY. Twisted ties are strnck out.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I am aware of that. I
understand also that this wire rope id also
twisted wire, but composed of several different
strands of this same twisted wire; that it is
used in the rigging of vessels and for some other
purposes, ana that it really ought not be put
in here at a higher rate than "twisted ties."
It is but little more expensive than the wire.
It is merely twisted, and this duty, I believe,
is much too large. I want to ascertain whether
there has not been the same mistake made with
regard to twisted rope as was made with regard
i to "twisted-ties." i am informed that thgpres-
1 ent duty upon this article by the existing law is
! precisely the same as the duty on "twisted
ties." Now, itseems thatgentlemen acquainted
with this subject, who have framed tnis bill,
have assented to making the duty on " twisted
ties" 2 cents. I suppose that for the same
Teason this wire rope should also be put tit the
same duty. I am open to correction, but what
I have stated I am informed is the fact.
Mr. KELLEY. Wire rope is made of many
strands of twisted wire or spun wire, each strand
having in it more labor than the twisted tie has,
which is bat a single wire. These are three,
five, or more strands of wire spun into cord
of iron or Steel, and then by the ordinary rope-
making process made into wire rope. It in-
volves as much labor as almost any form in
which you get iron or steel wire. It requires
the best forms and characters of iron, for the
reason that it is used in hoisting great weights.
You find it attached to elevators in hotels;
you find it in large warehouses where heavy
weights are to be hoisted; you find it on in-
clined planes where heavy ores and metals are
shot from the hillside down for transportation.
Mr. McCORMiCK, of Missouri. What is
the commercial value of this wire?
Mr. KELLEY. The commercial value varies
according to its quality, as the wires vary.
Mr. McCORMiCK, of Missouri. The ap-
proximate value?
Mr. KELLEY. I have not my Iron Age
with me, orany other price current, and there-
fore I cannot tell the gentleman. But there is
a very wide range of prices, as there is a wide
range of descriptions. This paragraph contem-
plates rope made of wire not less than No. 16
wire gauge, that made of wire less than that
number, and wire less than No. 25 wire gauge.
Each strand of theropeinvolves, as I have before
said, a large number of strands of wire. It is
expensive in its manufacture, involving a great
deal of labor and increasing in value as the
strands are finer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I move to strike out the par-
agraph, and I do it for the purpose of getting
an explanation and not of raising the ire of
any gentleman. I want to be informed, and I
presume everybody does who does not under-
stand this matter, and I confess I do not. The
only duty that I can find on wire of this size in
the old law is as follows:
" Iron wire, bright, coppered, or tinned, drawn and
finished, not more than one fourth inch in diameter
nor less than No. 16 wire gauge, 2 cents per pound
and 15 per cent, ad valorem.
" Iron wire as above, over 18 and not over 25 wire
gauge, 3J cents per pound and 15per cent, ad valorem,
" Iron wire over 25 wire gauge, 4 cents pet pound
and 15 per cent, ad valorem?'
I find in the old law these rates: on wire
.not more than one quarter of an inch in diam-
eter not less than No. 16 wire gauge, 1$ cents
per pound and 15 per cent, ad valorem; on
wire over No. 16 and not over No. 25, 3 cents
per pound and 15 per cent, ad valorem; and
on wire over No. 25,4 cents per pound and 16
per cent, ad valorem. Now, this paragraph,
as I understand it, doubles the duty under the
old law, and I want somebody to explain to
me why it is, or if that is so.
Mr. KELLEY. I wUl try and explain it to
the gentleman from Illinois in the same good
temper that he is exhibiting to-night.
Mr. LOGAN. It is not necessary to men-
tion that. It is not for you to insinuate that
I am not in. a good temper at other times.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. I take it back. [Laughter.]
The paragraph that the gentleman proposes
to strike but does not relate to wire in its sim-
ple condition, but wire rope. The duty on
wire under the old law was 3 J cents per pound,
or about the same as we have inserted in this
bill. I know the duty on this wire rope is 35
per cent, ad valorem. It is not mentioned in
the present tariff, and the committee believed
it ought to be. The rate they have reported is
rather less than the present rate, but it makes
it specific instead of leaving it ad valorem.
