1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4055
Mr. THAYER. I must confess that, coming
from the State of Nebraska, I have not heard
these complaints, or at least to tbe extent to
which the remarks of my friend from Oregon
would indicate. This isan appropriation made
at the instance of the Quakers.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will pardon
me, these Indiana are not within the superin-
tendence to which he refers.
Mr. THAYER. The Santee Sioux?
Mr. HARLAN. These are the Yauctons.
Mr. THAYER. I beg pardon ; 1 misappre-
hended the point. I thought this referred to
the Santee Sioux.
Mr. HARLAN. No; these are the Yanctons
upon the northern border of Nebraska. They
are under the control of the military authorities.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the amend-
ment reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be road.
The Ciiief Clerk. The amendment is, after
line fifteen hundred and forty-two to insert:
For rebuilding grist and saw-mill, $10,000.
For beneiicont purposes, to bo expended under tho
direction of tlie Secretary of tlio Interior, S^o.UOJ.
Mr. PATTERSON. I referred only to the
J 511 (* P T* /^l') 11 QP
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who can object to
$25,000 for beneficent purposes?
Mr. PATTERSON. If it is for the Indians,
it is one thing; but if for the agents, another.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee ou Indian Affairs, upon
who&e representation it is judged necessary to
make this appropriation? Are tiiese repie-
sentations made by the Indians, or by the
agents, or by any persons who have knowledge
of the circumstances of these Indians?
Mr. HA ULAN. It was recommended by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs orally to
the committee. lie satisfied the committee of
its propriety. Wo looked the bill all through,
iretn by item; and! will observe, in connec-
tion with this explanation, to the honorable
Senator from Oregon, that an increased amount
was allowed and paid ior the use of these In-
dians last year out. of the general appropriation
of $2,000,000. The same question arose last
year. It, was then known that the amount pro-
vided in the treaty would not be sufficient to
take care of them, and the general appropria-
tion of $2,000,000 was so worded as to enable
the Department to apply a proportion of that
fund for the use of these Indians. Thin is in-
tended ro meet that deficiency. The mills have
been burned down. It is veiy imporlnnt that
they should be rebuilt, important in order that
the Indians may have their own grain ground;
and then they may make use of the mills in
tins way: they grind for other people and take
toll, and it becomes a soui'ce of income to the
tribe.
Mr. MOLIR1LL, of Maine. If this amend-
ment is divisible L should like to have the vote
taken on the tirsr, proposition :
For rebuilding grist and saw raili, $30,000.
The VJCE PRESIDENT. The ChaWnder-
stands ihat there is no objection to that part
of the amendment, and it will be regarded as
agreed to. Then the question will be on ap-
propriating $25,000 for beneficent purposes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to know if
the Senator from Iowa is acquainted with the
agent or persons having charge and control of
these Indians ? I of course have great confi-
dence in the recommendations of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs ; but at the same time
it is possible that his sympathies may carry
him beyond the necessities of the case, and it
is the business of Congress to see that there is
some economy in the expenditure of moneys
for Indian purposes. Where an amount of
$2->.000 is appropriated for beneficent pur-
poses and put into the hands of an agent to be
u^ed as he may see fit, it is desirable to know
that the agent is a man who can be trusted with
the use of this amount of money. I should
like a little more information before we make
this appropriation.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps I ought to explain
a little further. I am acquainted somewhat
with the condition of these Indians, necessa-
rily ; they are located not very far from my
own State. As I observed, I think when the
honorable Senator was not in his seat, they
have been at peace with the United States,
and have been living between the hostile. In-
dians and the white settlements, consequently
their location lias been very beneficial to us ;
but on account of the Indians of the plains
being hostile with all Indians who are friendly
with white people, (as the honorable Senator
very well knows is the habit of hostile Indians,)
these people have been cut off from every
opportunity to seek game on the plains. They
have been cut off from every source of supply
except that which they derive directly from the
Government and what they derive from their
land. They are cultivating the soil to some
extent; they raised pretty good crops last year,
and probably will this; but they complain very
bitterly of the meager assistance they receive
from the Government when they have been
friends of the white people always, as com-
pared with the amount paid to those who have
been at war with us. They reason in this way:
that it is no advantage for an Indian to be at
peace with the Government of the United
States. The hostile Indians, those who rob and
murder, fare better than those that observe
their treaty relations. The Department and
the committee thought it was nothing more
than just to give them this additional assist-
ance this year; we hope it may not be neces-
sary again.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Who has charge of these
Indians ?
Mr. IIAULAN. This agency is now under
the control of a military officer. I do not
remember the officer's name. Nearly all the
Indian tribes outside of Kansas and Nebraska
are und^r the control of the Army.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment appropriating
$25,000 for beneficent purposes for these
Indians.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 14.
Mr. PATTERSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken
resulted—yeas 02, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Mcs?in. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Chandler. Corhott., Djjvjs, Fhmptjan, Gil-
bert, Jlarhm, Ifar.K, Howard, IJcnvc, llowoll, Kel-
logg, McDoiuud. Morrill of Maine. Nye, Poruoroy,
Pool, Pratt, Il.tmxey, Bevels,Rico, Sehnrz, Spiague,
Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickeis, Warner, and
Wiilov—'A'l.
jN AYS—-Movers. Bayjirrt.Cassorly, Cole, Edmund?,
Hamlin, Joanston, Morrill ot Vermont, Paltei^ou,
Robertson, Ro.is, lawyer, Spencer, Thayer, and Wil-
liam-— {4.
ABSENT—Messis. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Cai-i e!I, Conklmg, Caunn, Dinke, den-
ton, Forrv, Fowl or, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Bowi-, MeCiecry, Morton, Norton,
Oaborn, SauJsbury, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Tliurman, Wilson, and Yates—26.
So tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAUL AN. I am further instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs to move, ou
page G4, after line fifteen hundred and sixty-
four, to insert:
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to pay A. P. Ilotaims for rent of land and
use of fanning implements team", Arc., in Round
valley, Cahf'-ivrla, in l'j65, as i>cr voucher ceiufxed
byCbnrles Malrby. superintendent of Indian affairs
of California, $2,326 31.
Sir. MORRILL, of Maine. I doubt whether
that ought to go on the bill. I am not satis-
find that, it ought to pass.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Coubett] is more familiar
with this item than 1 am, and I shall be obliged
to hirn if he will explain it.
Mr. CORBE FT. I have no recollection of
examining this particular claim. 1 examined
one which I afterward withdrew; I did not
examine this claim.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I must
raise a point of order on this amendment; I
do not think it falls within the rule.
Mr. HARLAN. There are papers marked
P, I think, in the honorable Senator's posses-
sion relative to .this case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have tiot ex-
amined those papers; but this strikes me to he
clearly a private claim and not covered by any
treaty or law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine makes a point of order?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir..
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 hope the Senator will
withdraw the point. It is not best to be small
about these trifles 1
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope to be
more successful than my honorable friend from
Vermont.
Mr. COLE. Is this question debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. COLE. I should like to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, it' that is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. As I understand this, these
Indians had no reservation, aud it became
necessary to find some plane in California
where they could live, and they were put upon
a ranche belonging to a private individual, and
his property was taken possession of; his cattle
and horses were used,and his implements of
industry. The agent in charge of these Indians
agreed to pay luni this amount of money as
rent for his ranche and the use of his prop-
erty. There is a paper, 1 think, among the
bundle I sent to the Committee on Appropri-
ations explaining the matter more fully ; but
it arose in this way under a contract between
the local agent and the owner of this ranche
that was taken possession of for the use of
these Indians.
Mr. COLE. If no one objects I will make a
remark. 1 know nothing whatever about this
claim ; I do not think 1 ever heard of it, unless
it is in a list of claims similar in character to
thin which have been for a long lime pending
before Congress, and I supposed before the
Committee on Indian Affairs. I remember
presenting one or two here, one this session
for ,1. D. Arthur <% Sons. These claims seem
not to have been acted upon, and I regret it
very much, because I know they are, some of
thern, and perhaps all of them, valid aud just
claims, and have been pending altogether too
long already. The Interior Department some
two or three years ago sent out an agent to in-
vestigate these claims. That agent made a
report setting forth the amount due to each
individual who presented a claim against, tho
Government. That document has been before
Congress a long time, and I suppose the invest-
igation so made ought to be sufficient authority
upon which the Commiitee on Indian Affairs
may act in recognizing the claims.
The inquiry 1 was about to make of the
chairman of the committee is, what hasbecome
of these claims? Why are they not put into
some bill where there are claims put in so
loosely as the one we have just voted upon,
this bill of $25,000, without any specific pur-
pose ?
I will add in this connection, that the amount
appropriated for the twenty-live or thirty thou-
sand Indians in California has always been very
low, only from fifty to one hundred thousand
dollars a year. It is true that some of them are
ou reservations and are doing very well, main-
taining themselves, raising large amounts of
grain ; but there are a great many of them that
are in an extreme condition of dependence.
Such sue the Indians who are interfered with m
the mining portion of the State, interfered with
by the miners, who go and take possession of
their ranches or drive them from their homes
without the least hesitancj, if it is suggested
that gold is to be found near their wigwams.
Then, the appropriations made for the In-
dians in California are exceedingly small as
compared with the appropriations made loi*
Indians iu other portionsaLthe United States;
