1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4999
Why the people should be made to groan under
a rate of taxation that if kept up will pay the
whole debt within twenty years I am unable to
see. The South has been^desolated by the war
and all its material interests prostrated. Most
of the States owe heavy debts and have a large
taxation of their own. My State owes largely
and must make her people sweat to pay the
interest upon the State bonds and carry on the
Government. Surely some rest and some relief
<mght to be given to these people. There ought
i o be at least a letting up of their burdens.
The recuperation of the South has been and is
most wonderful, and it has taken place under
circumstances to attract the admiration of the
world. Lot the Government give those States
a breathing spell, afford them the opportunity
of building their railroads and reestablishing
their business.
The basis of taxation ought to bekeptatjust
such a point as will pay the expenses of the
Government, the interest on the public debt,
and furnish such a sinking fund as will gradu-
ally redeem the principal, say one per cent, per
annum. This would pay the debt in thirty-four
j ears, and if we do this surely we have clone a
thing unprecedented in the histories of all the
nations of the world, and almost incredible.
I am unwilling to pay the debt at the rate we
are now paying it, and insist that there ought
to be a reduction of taxation; nor, on the other
hand, am I willing to see a national debt fixed !
upon us. If I had a prophetic eye I should '
shudder to look down the long centuries that I
trust the country will last, and see the assessor
and collector, the detective, the spy, the in-
former, (he internal revenue system, with all its
attendant burdens and evils, the vices and
crimes it will foster and produce, a regular and
established feature of the Government.
I should be unhappy indeed if 1 thought my
descendants to the last generation should have
to be subjected to such things; should spend
their days and nights in fear of the tax-gath-
erers; should have to walk warily to escape the
penalties of the laws.
Our statutes enacting and providing for the
collection of our revenue arc a sort of labyrinth !
through which it is not easy to find the way.
Surely there must be a medium between the
hasty payment of our debt and the heavy tax-
ation necessary to accomplish it and a standing
public debt. That happy mean is in the sim-
plification of our tax system, so as to render it
easily understood; in putting the taxes at such
a rate as not to piohibit or seriously interfere
with production ; in reducing or throwing out
certain taxes altogether from time to time, and
in duly paying one half or one per cent, of the
debt annually. I
The unjust, onerous, and oppressive charae- j
ter of the tobacco tax, as it now stands, is well |
illustrated in Virginia, and falls more especially j
and with the greatest weight upon that class j
who are the wards of the nation, in whose be- \
halfthe war was fought and the blood ofso many j
gallant men split, for whose benefit the Con- i
stitution of the United States has been twice ,
amended ; for whose protection the civil rights j
bill and the bill to enforce the fifteenth amend-
incut were passc-d; I mean the colored raeo. j
They are the laborers who not only raise the j
tobacco plant, but they are the principal hands .
jn the manufactories, indeed almost the only '
hands; for the manufacturing of tobacco in
Virginia has been and is now almost the exclu- j
sive task of the negro. 1 iet us see whether he j
is not the pxincipal sufferer by this heavy tax".
Ai 1 the things that enter into the production ;
and manufacture of tobacco have greatly ad- j
vaneed in price since the war. The planter ]
gives nearly twice as much as he did in 1860 '
for his mules, his horses, his plows, his liar- !
ness, his hoes, ami all bis agricultural imple-
ments. Ilis fertilizers have increased fifty per j
cent, in price. Tee cost of supporting his
family is also much greater and his taxes end- \
lessalmost. So of the manufacturer ; his rents 1
are increased, his machinery more costly ; he
pays a specific tax, and the articles that he uses
in the process of manufacture are taxed and
are high-priced ; and upon none of these things
can either the planter or the manufacturer
expect or procure a reduction of price. And
while tobacco would continue to be used by
some who are rich, at any price, still there is
of course a limit, and any price beyond that
would cut off'sales to most persons; or, in other
words, the price cannot bo forced as high as the
holders choose, but must be regulated some-
what like other commodities. As, therefore,
neither the manufacturer nor the planter can
reduce the expense of the articles that they
use, and as they cannot get beyond a certain
price for their tobacco, in order to protect them-
selves and make a profit at all they must neces-
sarily reduce the wages of their operators. As
the tax goes up the wages of labor go down.
And the effect of this is plainly visible. Such an
exodus of the colored people as has taken place
from Virginia within the last twelve months
has scarce ever been seen in any country.
Many who have had good means of judging
estimate the number at fifty thousand, or about
one eighth of the whole colored population in
the Stale. I know from personal observation
that the number is large. I have seen trains
loaded with them going to the cotton and sugar
raising regions.
Some very powerful cause must be at work
to produce such a migration as this. The col-
ored people in Virginia are in the main attached
to the State and to the whites, their former
masters. The laws of the State allow them all
rights of other classes. They hold office, and
some of them have obtained distinction. Sen-
ator Bland, who was killed at the late disaster
at Ilichmond, was known and respected all
over the State. His death was lamented by
the whites as well as by the blacks. Curtain
it is that both races united in paying funeral
honors to his memory. The only cause to
which this unprecedented stream of colored
people from the State can be attributed—and
it is due to nothing else—is the inadequacy of
the wages they can get at the only business
pursued in a largo part of the State. They go
away in every direction; some North, for
barbers, house servants, &c. ; but most of
them South. It would be better if they would
be allowed to labor profitably at what brings a
revenue than what does not. Audit is not will-
ingly that they go. Most of them are very
reluctant to leave the old State, and it is no
light thing to do when a man has been all his
lite engaged in aparticularoccupation, and has
become,skillful iuit, and knowsnothingelse—it
is, I say, nolight thing to legislate so as to com-
pel that niau to abandon atonceand forevertho
only thing he has learned to do well; to leave
thecountry of his birth and the place of choice
and go to another State and engage in a labor
entirely new to liini. lie must unlearn all lie
knew, und begin over again, and if he is "in-
clined unto tho vale of years" he enn never
become  u adept at. his new calling. Thelabor
of a skilled person isa thing not only of value
to himself but to thecountry. When wo legis-
late a large class of skilled laborers out of
employment it is a loss to the country and a
great wrong to them. I
The system of taxation that does this tiling j
mast be and is radically wrong. It seems to .
be conceded that liquor and tobacco are to be
two permanent sources of internal revenue, i
and are to be taxed as long as we have to tax
anything. If so, then the business ought to I
be fostered, the taxes ought to be at such a
rate and so simplified that good wages can be 1
paid and yet the planter and manufacturer j
male a fair profit. A reasonable reduction j
of the late of taxation would have two good !
effects—it would largely increaho pioiiucuon, :
and it would hold out less inducements to j
frauds and evasion than now exists. The good \
results of reducing the tax ou whisky has been 1
seen. A tax of fifty cents on the gallon pro-
duces a far greater revenue than a tax of two
dollars. So it would be with tobacco. When
the tax on unstemmed tobacco was cut down
from thirty-five to fifteen cents the pound the
revenue instead of diminishing increased from
$1,077,272 SO for the ten months ending June
30, 1866, under the thirty-five cent tax, to
$1,634,064 26 for the ten months ending June
80, 1867, under the fifteen cent tax.
The leaf tobacco in the hands of the pro-
ducer pays no tax. This onerous tax of thirty-
two cents the pound is having and will have
this effect: people will quit using manufac-
tured tobacco either for smoking or chewing ;
they will use the leaf tobacco for both pur-
poses. Indeed, it is quite common now, and
when people can save half the expense of the
habit of indulging iu this narcotic they will be
very apt to do it.
In the year 1860 there were sixty tobacco
factories in the city of Richmond; in 1868 there
were only twenty-three. The decline has been
about the same in other parts of the State ;
greater in Lynchburg, which was once a great
tobacco mart, and now does comparatively a
small business. Clarksville, in Mecklenburg
county, was once a flourishing town. It was
a considerable tobacco market, inspecting an-
nually between four and five thousand hogs-
heads. There were a number of factories there,
putting up each year between four and five
million pounds of tobacco. The business was
so considerable that the village paper was
called the Tobacco Plant. Now not one
pound of tobacco is manufactured in the town,
and the grass grows in the streets. The paper
lias been removed to another place, and the
name, being no longer appropriate, has been
changed. In 1850 Virginiaproduced 56,803,227
pounds of tobacco; in 1860 her product was
123,968,312 pounds—an increase of more than
one hundred per cent. The total product of
the United Slates in 1860 was 434,209,461.
So that Virginia yielded more than one fourth
of the whole. She had in 1860 two hundred
sixty-one tobacco factories, with a capital
of §3,856,990. The raw material used cost
$7,103,943. The annual value of the product
was $12,235,683. In the factories 9,572 males
and 1,810 females were employed.
In 1S68 the estimated crop of Virginia and
North Carolina was forty-five thousand hogs-
heads of twelve hundred pounds each, making
fifty million pounds; and in 1869 the estimates
for Virginia, in the Industrial American, was
thirty-six million pounds. The Commissioner
of Agriculture makes a larger estimate, but
says his data are imperfect—a falling off from
tho crop of 1860 of from sixty million to ninety
million pounds. Daring the war the culture
of tobacco was, of course, suspended in Vir-
ginia almost entirely. Since the war most
other industries in that State are in good con-
dition, but this great staple is in a fair way of
being destroyed by overtaxation.
As far sslkuow the tax on tobacco is greater
iu proportion to its cost than upon any article
upon which a revenue is raised. Put down
the average price of lugs and leaf at fourteen
cents the pound, and the tax upon each pound
when manufactured into chewing or smok-
ing tobacco is thirty-two cents, or more than
double the cost of the article. Of the original
cost about one half may be counted as wages,
the other half being for stock, food, imple-
ments, &c. Then for every hundred pounds
of tobacco made and manufacture,! in Virginia
the colored laborer gets seven dollais, the
Government, gets thirty-two dollars; for each
dollar he gvts for his labor tho Government
receives about five. At this rate we are mak-
ing a pretty good thing out of our treed men.
The Government emancipated the slaves in
Virginia und the tobacco-raising States only to
enslave them itself. They once belonged" to
masiers; they now belong to the internal rev-
enue department of the United States. The
