1224
T$M CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
method of dribbling out money to pensioners
I am opposed to, and I tope no such policy
will be sanctioned by this douse. . If the
members of the committee and of the House
are willing to pass a general bill I shall be
very glad to support it, but I am opposed to
the passage of this or any similar measure.
Mr. W1LLARD. Mr. Speaker, I suppose
that whatever may be the views of this House
in respect to pensioning all the soldiers of the
war ot' 1812, those members at least who are j
in favor of such a proposition as that ought j
not to be opposed to a bill like this. I judge 1
from the remarks which have fallen from the
lips of some gentlemen who have spoken here
that they misapprehend to some extent the
purpose of this bill. It is not designed to pen-
sion a person who has not hitherto been entitled
to a pension. We propose to pay arrears of
pension to a deserving and destitute man who
has already been put. on, the pension-rolls,
whose disability is proved by record evidence,
and who is certainly entitled to a pension, if
any one is so entitled. It would be agreed, I-
think, by every gentleman who may examine ]
the facts, that if Mr. Seward had made his ,
application for a pension as soon as he was '
discharged from, the service, he would have !
been entitled to it at once, and would have ,
received it from that time, till the present, '
instead of receiving it only since 1825. It is
clear, then, that the equities of the case are in ■
his favor. Only two objections that appear to
have any force have been. urged against the -
measure. In the first place, some members ;
say, "we will not pension any persons in this j
position;" and in the second place, members j
refuse to support the bill because Mr. Seward
neglected to make his application for a pension
until 1825. On this ground, it is argued, his
application must be refused when he asks for
a pension bow. Well, if such is to be.the
policy of this House, to be applied to all cases
of this character, I suppose this case should;
stand, or fall with the rest.. But unless the
House is going to adopt such a policy, unless
we propose 
Mr. Speaker, I see that the morning hour
is about to expire, , and I must . Call the pre-
vious question. ■ - .
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 85, noes 26.
: The SPEAKER,. ,The morning hour has
expired.
claims 09 indians in kansas.
'TheSPEAKER, by unanimous Consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a copy
of a letter from the "Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and a copy of a report made by the
commissioners appointed under the provisions
of the twelfth article of the treaty concluded
February 28, 1867, to investigate claims of
Senecas, mixed Senecas and Shawnees, and
other Indian tribes in Kansas; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to he printed.
INDIAN ANNUITIES.
Th?  SPEAKER also, byunanimous consent,
laid before the Hon sea commnnic&tiOn from the
Secretary of the Interior, in reply to A resolu-
tion of the House, dated February 8, 1870,
requesting him to inform the Herase what annu-
ities or other payments, if any, have been with-
held from Indian tribes under the provisions
of an act making appropriations for current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for ftilfilting treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending Juhe
30, 1870.
The communication wftsreferred tothe Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
KIOWA, COMANCHE, AND APACHE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmit-
ting copies of a letter from the Commissioner;
of Indian Affairs, and a letter from the asso-
ciate executive committee of conference on-
Indian affairs, relative to the location and
establishment of the Kiowa, Comanche* and
Apache Indians; which was referred to ,the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimd&s con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
in reply to a resolution of the House dated
January 26, 1870, requesting him to inform
this House what, if any, amendments to the
law are necessary and expedient in .order to
authorize and facilitate the utilization of " drop
beer" and " slops," the distillation of which
cannot be profitably carried on under existing
laws.
Thfe communication was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of the
10th inBtant, calling for the last "report of the
chief engineer of the Unian Pacific Railroad
Company.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
to, be printed.
BENJAMIN ROGERS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent,'laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting the report of
the Adjutant General upon the claim of Ben-
jamin Rogers, late a private of company D,
ninth Minnesota volunteers, for commutation
of rations while absent froiii his regiment on
recruiting Service.
The letter was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
GENERAL INDIAN COUNCIL.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous coil-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a copy
of a letter from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, with an estimate of funds required to
defray the accessary expenses of the general
council of certain Indians in the Indian terri-
tory.
The communication was referred t© the Com-
mittee oa Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
J. J. KISCH AND COMPANY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
in reply to a resolution of the House dated
January 31, 1&70, directing hita to inform the
House by what authority, if any, J. J. Kish &
Co., 255 Pearl street, New York, have pro-
cured the copyright of the revenue coupon
book to be used by distillers, rectifiers, and
liquor dealers, known as blank form No. 52,
prescribed as provided byBection forty-five of
the act of July 20, 1868 ; and to state why any
change in the existing form No. 52 is required,
the price paid for it, and the price now re-
quired to be paid to J. J. Kisch & Co. for that
directed to be procured, and why the price is
increased.
The coifamnnication was referred to the
Committtee on Appropriatipns, and ordered
to be printed.
LELAND HARBOR.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in
response to a resolution of the House of Jan-
uary 19, a report as to the practicability and
necessity of improving, by breakwater or other-
wise, the harbor at Leland, on Lake Michi-
gan ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commeroe, and ordered to be printed.
FUR-SEAL FISHERIES OF ALASKA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
' laid before the House a communication of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in response to a
j resolution of the House, adopted January 17,
directing him to communicate such facts as he
may have in reference to the fur-seal fisheries
| of Alaska, together with his own recommend-
ation as to the best means of preserving the
; fisheries and of securing a revenue therefrom,
and especially to set forth such information as
may be within the knowledge of his Depart-
ment "bearing on current allegations that the
law approved July 27,1868, has failed to accom-
plish its purpose of preventing the killing of
fur-seal; what persons, not native, trading in
furs have been allowed to remain on the islands
of St. Paul and St. George since said islands
were made a military reservation ; what num-
ber of seals have been killed on these islands
during the last two seasons, and under what
authority ; what numbers of skins have been
shipped therefrom during the same period,
and by whom and at what time ; and if there
have been any violations of said , law of July
27, 1868, and what measures have been takeu
! for the prosecution of parties so offending.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
INTERNAL TAKES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from theSecretary of the Treasury, in reply to a
; resolution of the House dated January 31,1870,
requesting him to furnish for the use of the
House' h statement showing the amount of tax
' collected for the year ending December 81,
1869, on liquors and tobacco, respectively, in
eaeh congressional district; and also the ag-
gregate ataoHnt of internal tax paid from all
sources in each congressional district in the
United States, giving the amOnflt paid by each
district separately.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee of-Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
TRIBUTES TO ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
TheSPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a message from the Pres-
ident of the United States, inclosing a commu-
, nication from the Secretary of State, in reply to
a resolution of the House dated February 3,
1870, directing him to report to this House the
, extra number on hand for general distribution
of the Tributes of the Nations to Abraham
i! Lincoln.
' The communication was referred to the Com-
mitte on Printing, and ordered to be printed.
' ADJOURNMENT OVER.
; Mr. WOOD. I rise to ^privileged question,
11 and mOve that when the House adjournd to-
ji day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next,
ji Mr. DAWES. I hope not.
ji The House divided; and there were—-ayes
.55, noes 44 ; no quorum Voting. '
|; Mr. DAWES. I demand the yeas and nays.
] Mr. WOOD. Let the session to-morrow be
for debate only.
j Mr. DAWES. I object to that. I want to
go on with the general appropriation bill to-
j morrow.
t The yeas and nays were ordered.
i The question was taken; and it was decided
j| in the negative—yeas 45, nays 101, not voting
: 72; a#follows:
| YE AS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Bird, James Brooks,
1 Cessna, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, >r®rV
j Dux. Eldridge, Garfield. Getz, Gibson. Uriswoiu.
I Haldeman, Hamill, Hotchkiss, Alexander H.Jones
! Thomas L. Jones, Jndd, Kerr, Knott, '
ji Maynard. Niblaek. Orth, Potter;Randall, Reading
il Reeves, Rice, Roots, Joseph b. Bauth, Stiles, oto
