2168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
General Gillem was not willing to undertake.
I can imagine no other reason ; I can conceive
of no other reason. Then General Gillem was
superseded by the order of the Commander-
in-Chief, find General Ames was appointed in
his stead. Appointed to what, sir? To a mil-
itary prgetorship, to an authority commanding
and combining all the civil and all the military
power of that State.
The reconstruction acts of Congress and the
orders of the President of the United States
and the military command that centers in the
Commander-in-Chief and his subordinate in a
particular command were all concentrated in
General Ames. Never on this earth, in any
country, was there a military dictator clothed
with more complete and absolute power. Sir,
lie was the autocrat of the State of Mississippi.
He controlled all authority, civil and military,
that was or could be wielded in that province.
He issued his edicts, and those edicts were
absolute laws. There was no power compe-
tent to resist the execution of his orders and
edicts. He proclaimed when elections should
take place; he prescribed the qualifications of ;
the electors and of the candidates ; he per-
mitted whom he pleased to vote, and he de-
prived whom he pleased of the right to vote ;
he suffered whom he chose to become candi-
dates for office, and he excluded all who did
not please him from occupying the position of
seeking the suffrages of the people of that State
to the two branches of the Legislature. That
Legislature, the men who composed it, the
men who voted for the candidates for the two
houses, were as much the creatures of General
Ames as it was possible for men to become the
creatures of any mail. lie was their dictator;
he was their military despot; he was their mas-
ter. He commanded whom he pleased to vote,
he commanded whom he pleased not to vote ;
he ordered whom he pleased to be candidates
for office, he ordered whom he pleased not to
be candidates. Never on this earth was there
a more absolute despot than he was in the
affairs of the election of the Legislature of the
State of Mississippi.
Well, Mr. President, the. Legislature was
elected. It was elected in strict obedience to
his mandates, to his will. The men who voted,
the material that composed that Legislature,
the members ot its two houses, were as much
the creatures of his will, of his decision, of his
judgment as though he had been as much the
autocrat absolute and hereditary of that coun-
try as the autocrat of Russia is at St. Peters-
burg or at Warsaw, when it was proclaimed
that 11 order reigns in Warsaw." There is no
regulation which a free Legislature of the State
of Mississippi, there is noprinciple of the con-
stitution of that State, if they had been as free
as the people of Connecticut or of Illinois, and
had been assembled in convention, there is no
principle of that constitution, there aie no
principles of law which a Legislature elected
by the free people of the State of Mississippi
might have enacted, that General Ames did
not have the power to proclaim according to
his absolute will.
Now, sir, who will but by an abuse of lan-
guage and of human thought and of human
judgment come_ to the conclusion that that
was a constitutionally elected Legislature of
the State of Mississippi? Sir, a more wither-
:ng and false mockery could never be attempted
to be held up to the judgment of mankind.
That Legislature convened. It took up the
subject of the election of a Senator : and upon
that point I have some extracts from a letter
the writer of which I do not kuow, but the
extracts have been furnished to me as from a
man of position, character, truth, and honor,
and r wit! read them to the Senate. This man,
speaking of General Ames, says :
"He secured his election by fraud and intimida-
tion,
" 1. By fraud, in this : he pledced himself all the
time th:it he would not bo a candidate and yet was
all the time working to secure his election. With
the immense patronage he had he put every officer
in ths State under a greater or less necessity to sup-
port him, and he hesitated not to use this mighty
leverage to force a compliance with his wish."
Do we not all know that that is true? We
have not the means of getting evidence as to
the elements of the fact; but that such is the
fact, is there an intelligent man in America who
reads the papers and the account of that elec-
tion who doubts the truth, and the sacred truth,
of that allegation ?
"2. By intimidation, in this: the members of the
legislature could not get one dollar pay unless he-
chose; he held the purse-strings and the sword. Gen-
eral Ames's friends said that the State could not get
in unless he was in the Senate to secure its admit-
tance.
"3. Ho threatened that unless the Senators were
elected at that time—it was proposed to defter the
election till after the admittance of the State—he
would not sign any ot the proceedings to enable the
State to get in."
Now, sir, we all know the great desire of the
subjugated people of the South, and of every
State in the subjugated South, to got into Con-
gress by its members in the two Houses. Here
was an absolute military despot who controlled
that State and its people, their lives, their honor,
their fate, and their fortunes. It was proposed,
as we know from the newspapers, that the
election of Senators should be deferred until
the State was admitted into the Union. For
the purpose of forcing and coercing the elec-
tion before that event should take place Gen-
eral Ames threatened that he would do nothing
to secure the admission of the State into the
Union until the election took place. It did
take place. But I will read on :
"4. Ho gave it out that General Grant wished him
eloctod."
Who doubts that? Why, sir, what has been
the paramount object and business of this
Administration since it was installed into office
and power ? It has been to control and coerce
all the elections in the United States, Federal
and State. Have we not seen the heads of
Departments and other high officers leaving
their places of duty, and of burdensome duty,
and going into distant States for thepurpose of
conducting the political canvasses and haran-
guing the people? These men are the suc-
cessors of Washington, of Hamilton, of Jeffer-
son, of Knox, and of Randolph. Suppose those
great men and pure patriots could rise from
their graves and see their successors in these
offices peregrinating over the United States,
mingling in the canvasses, making speeches
from the hustings, doing everything they can to
bring the sacred system of suffrage into coer-
cion and dishonor, using their official power
and bringing it in conflict with freedom of suf-
frage, the great principle upon which is based
the American system of government, how those
great men would be shocked by such a disgrace-
ful exhibition ! An exhibition more injurious
and vicious in its influence with the American
people, more scandalous to the Government
and to the men who fill its offices, and more
derogatory to our country could not possibly
bo presented. We see the President of the
United States writing a letter, and having that
letter published in the public prints, to control
the^ election in the State of Mississippi, even
against his own brother-in-law. When was
there such a spectacle as that before in our
land? When men thus act, thus desecrate,
thus degrade^ their official positions and the
trust with which their countrymen have con-
fided them, can we doubt that the writer of
this letter speaks truly and that General Ames
spoke truly when he said that the President of
the United States desired his election?
Why, Mr. President, what did General Ames
say to tbe Committee on the Judiciary?, That
he declined importunities that were pressed
upon him again and again to become a" candi-
date, and that there were messengers sent from
Mississippi to Washington city to secure his
consent. I do not recollect the exact language,
butthatisthe substance of it. To whomdid those
messengers come? Whom did they consult
but the Commander-in-Chief? General Ames
is but a circumstance in this matter, and of no
more consequence in it than any other military
man or officer would be occupying his position.
He held his place by the will and at the suffer-
ance of the President of the United States.
Can any man believe that General Ames or
any subordinate in the Army of the United
States would have dared to hold on to his com-
mission and to accept the position of being a
candidate and solicitor for the place of a Sen-
ator of the United States without the permis-
sion, ■without the command of his superior,
the Commander-in-Chief? But I will read on:
" 4. lie gave it oat. that General Grant wished him
elected; that prominent Republican Senators in
Congress wished him elected"—
All, no doubt, strictly true—
" all urging him to become a candidate for the Sen-
ate."
The President and prominent members of
Congress were urging this military commander,
who was the dictator, the absolute potentate
of the province of Mississippi, to become a
candidate for the Senate of the United States
from that State.
" 5. A caucus was held in the Governor's mansion
a day or so before the election and a telegram gotten
up from Washington (so reported) to influence tho
Legislature."
"6. He supplied money to buy liquor to corrupt
the colored members. He gave the colored members,
a night or two before the election, a champagne
treat."
"7. General Ames wasnotandisnotan inhabitant
of the State," &o.
Here is the general commanding that mili-
tary district clothed with absolute power, with
all power, civil and military. Never was there
enthroned in any country in the world a more
complete, and absolute despot than he was,
subject simply to the will and the command of
the Commander-in-Chief, and so long as he
conformed to that will, the purposes, the pol-
icy, the commands, the secret wish of the
Commander-in-Chief, he knew that he would
be sustained by that Commander-in-Chief and
all the power which he could control. Sir, is
there a man who can doubt the proposition
that General Ames became a candidate at the
instance, upon the desire, and probably by
the command of the President of the United
States, and that he used that fact with the
members of the Legislature and other influ-
ential men in Mississippi who had control of
some of the members for the purpose of secur-
ing his election ? Can any man read this story,
even as much of it as we know from the news-
papers, and doubt for a single instant about
the truth of that proposition ?
It is not strange that General Ames should
have become intoxicated and his brain addled
with the possession of such vast civil and mil-
itary power. The head of a man of any age
or of any experience, of any trial and discipline
in the affairs of life, might well become dizzy
and whirl round rapidly by being thrown sud-
denly into the possession of such vast power.
He has himself elected Senator, in obediense
to the command of his Commander-in-Chief,
doubtless. I come to that conclusion, and the
facts authorize me to reach that conclusion.
I hold that General Ames here is simply the
appointee of the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States to the
position of Senator from the State of Missis-
sippi. The facts establish it to the reason and
judgment of all men of experience and of
thought. Ilis sword is belted around him.
lie leaves theplacewhere he had been playing
military prajtor, and he comes here with that
sword by his side, and not until after the bill
admitting Mississippi into the Union was passed
and was^ placed before the President of the
united States for his approval or disapproval
does he resign his commission.
The mail thus appointed by military power,
under the miserable and contemptible forms
of a government, of a Legislature, of a senate
and house of representatives of that Legisla-
ture appointed by himself, as much his crea-
tures as ever were puppets the creatures of a
showman, comes here with his sword belted
