4056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
a less amount per head than to the Indians in
any other part of the country; and yet, as I
believe, those Indians are in a condition of
extreme dependence very often ; but on ac-
count of the smallness of the appropriations,
on account of the exceeding meagerness of
the appropriations heretofore, certain indebt-
edness has accrued. The agents, for the pur-
pose of maintaining peace, for the purpose
of keeping them from committing depreda-
tions, have been actually compelled to incur
liabilities, and those liabilities have been in-
curred by the agent3 and superintendents
heretofore to the amount, it may be, of fifty
or one hundred thousand dollars; the amount
is set forth in the document I alluded to, and
110 provision seems to be made for the payment
of those items. The claim I presented early
in the session of .T. D. Arthur & Son for a little
less than six hundred dollars was for agricul-
tural implements furnished by that respectable
firm to the Indian agents for the legitimate use
of the Indians to raise the food upon which
they live. I ask the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs what has become of these
claims, why they are not embodied in this bill,
where there are so many more unjust claims
than they ?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 cannot admit the honor-
able Senator's last remark to be strictly true,
that there are any unjust items in these amend-
ments of the Committee on Indian Affairs. I
do not remember what has been done with the
particular claim he refers to of Arthur & Son
for S600. If it was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs it doubtless has been exam-
ined and disposed of in some way.
i ought to say, in justification of myself and
tho conmsittre, that our examination of these
items ol' amendment to the appropriation bill
v.-as more than a month since ; and 1 do not
rtsmembor now with ail the minuteness I would
have remembered the details then, doubtless,
if we had taken up the bill at that time. The
examination occurred more than a month ago,
and 1 only give my memory now. In reporting
these amendments I asked to have the papers
on v.hich most of them were founded referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and they
are in the hands of the chairman to-clay.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine makes a point of order that this is a pri-
vate claim. The rule provides that no private
claim shall be received as an amendment to
ait appropriation bill unless it be to carry out
the provisions of an existing law or a treaty
stipulation. The Chair sustains the point of
order.
Mr. IIAItLAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to move this
amendment, to come in on page 05, alter line
fifteen hundred and seventy-eight :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
ncoossary, for payment l'or seiviccs rendered and
supplies furnished tor and on account of tho Indian
service at the Fort Berthold agency, Dakota Terri-
tory, as i;cr list of vouchers accomjianyins totter of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, February 9, 1870,
the sum of $63,203 05.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to have the Senator tell the Senate what that
is for.
. Mr. _HARLAN; The vouchers in connec-
tion with this claim were all before the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. They sent to the De-
partment for information, and were furnished
wil h all the original vouchers now on file there.
They were all examined carefully. They
seemed to be right. _ There is a letter also, I
think, in the hands of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations from the Secretary
of the Interior, and also from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, recommending the
payment. This expenditure occurred some
}ears ago, I think two years ago, when a large
part of the Indians on the upper Missouri
were hostile. A considerable portion of these
supplies were furnished to Indians thatwere at
peace with the United States, and near this fort.
Mr-MORRILL, of Maine. I will inquire
of the Senator whether this expenditure .was
made since the organization of the peace
commission, and under that arrangement, or
prior to that time?
Mr. HARLAN. I think about the time
they were in session these expenditures began
to occur.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. "Was it in con-
sequence of that, or was it in advance of it?
Mr. HARiiAN. I think it could hardly be
said to be directly connected with it in any
way. It was about the same time that the
commissioners were negotiating with the hos-
tile Sioux.
Mr. SHERMAN. Who furnished the sup-
plies, I will ask?
Mr. HARLAN. That is shown by the papers.
They were purchased by tho Indian agent of
contractors whose names are given in the
papers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is a private claim.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have here a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior on
the subject.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps that letter had
better be read. It will throw more light upon
the subject than I can give.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, i). C., February 16,1870.
Sim I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a communication of the 9th instant from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, reporting the sum of
$(j3.L0b 05 duo for services rendered and supplies fur-
nished for arid on account of the Indian service at
tho Fort Berthold agency, Dakota Territory.
The letter of the Commissioner explains the nature
of the indebtedness, and i.s accompanied by copies
of papers and list of the vouchors remaining unpaid.
rho attention of Congress is respectfully invited to
the subject, with the recommendation that an appro-
priation of $03,203 U5 benuido to pay tho outstanding
indebtedness.
Very respectfully, your obedient se'rvant,
T, T ^ _ J. D. COX, Secretary.
Hon. James Q. j3r,aink,
Sj)eaker of ihe. House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the letter of the Com-
missioner be read.
ihe Chief Clerk road the following letter:.
Department of the Interior,
Office op Indian Affairs,
h lsiuntrton, D. C., February 9, 1870.
Sir: 1 have the honor to state that vouchers have
been presented lo and are now in this office, to tho
amount oi $63,203 0T>, certified by late Agent Wilk-
inson, in favor ot various persons, for services ren-
dered and supplies furnished for and on account
ot tho Indian sorvico at The Fort Berthold agency,
Dakota Territory.
/i'heso vouchers, with two exceptions, are for ser-
vices^ lendered and supplies furnished prior to the
1st of July, 1809. Others of a like character, issued
by the late agentsubsequently to thatdate, have been
presented to this office and paid out of the present
year s appropriations for the Indiansof said agency.
In paying those last referred to said appropriation
was reduced to such an extent that there is at pres-
ent only a, sufficient amount of money on hand to
carry on tho agency to the end of the current fiscal
year; and it is therefore impossible for this office to
pay any portion of the unpaid vouchers.
Many of these vouchers are for services rendered
as employes at said agency. They have been ex-
amined and approved by lion. John A. Durbank,
Governor, and c.c officio superintendent of Indian
aliairs for Dakota, and payment thereof has been
recommended by him. I have no doubt that tho
services were actually rendered as stated; and from
the statement of the late agent, and the best inform-
ation upon the subject tnat this office can obtain,
I am aiso satisfied that the supplies named in the
other vouchers were furnished in good faith, and
that they were necessary for the good of the servioe.
# I herewith inclose a list of the unpaid vouchers
issued by late Agent T-Vilkinson, showing the names
oi the persons who rendered seivices and furnished
supplies, and on what amount eac-h voucher was
issued, and the amount thereof, together with copies
of certain papers relative to the matter,and respect-
fully recommend that the same be submitted to Con-
gress lor its action, and with the view of bavin" tho
neccssary funds appropriated to pay off this Out-
standing indebtedness.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ii. S. PARKER, Coiii/iussioner.
Hon. J. D. Cox, Se cretary of the Interior.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire whether
this is not a private claim under the rule? I
should like the opinion of the Chair on that
point.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not only one private
claim, but a multitude of private claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; there is no
doubt about it whatever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that this is a private claim.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will hand to
the Chair what I did not notice before, a sched-
ule of these claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be a large .number of these claims. The
object of the thirtieth rale evidently is to ex-
clude from appropriation bills propositions for
the payment of claims, as the Calendar is filled
with private claims in various branches of the
Government, each of which could be attached
to the appropriation bill for that branch of the
Government, if it would be in order to do so.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask to have this amend-
ment passed over until the bill shall be reported
to the Senate, and I will examine into the facts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand the Chair
to rule the amendment out of order.'
Mr. HARLAN. I ask to have it passed over
without that decision, so that I may familiar-
ize myself with the facts in regard to it in the
mean time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator can
move it again in the Senate, and allow it to go
for the present under this ruling.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that I shall
be here when the bill is reported to the Sen-
ate. I should like to have the Chair decide
the question now.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Chair will permit
me, I should like to ohtain some further in-
formation on the subject, that may aid in the
decision of the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is one
limitation or exception in the rule which ex-
cludes private claims from the appropriation
bills. They can bo moved on appropriation
bills if they are to carry out the provisions of
an existing law. If the Senator from Vermont
does not insist upon it, the Chair will allow the
amendment to be passed over, and will examine
and see whether the law authorizes it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not object to that
if in case I should not happen to be present
when the amendments again moved the Chair
wii'l insist upon the point then.
Mr. SHERMAN. The papers show that it
is not in pursuance of an existing law.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
thinks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I waive the point for the
present in order to accommodate my friend
from Iowa.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide the point after examining the papers.
Ihe Chair thinks with the Senator from Ohio
that the amendment is obviously excluded,
though by a more critical observation of the
papers it may be found that some existing law
would authorize it, which the Chair, however,
doubts. J
^Mr. HARLAN. Very well. Now, on page
65, after line fifteen hundred and ninety-three,
I move to insert the following clause:
For payment of that amount found due by the
interior Department onouistanding indebtedness on
account ot the Indian service in Montana Territory,
as per letter of the Secretary of the Interior, dated
February 15,18/0, and of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, dated February 9, 1870, £10,845 54.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
letter read that is referred to in that amend-
ment.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
department of ttiv. interior
\\ ashixotox,D. C., February 15. 1870.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
ot a communication dated the 9th instant, from the
^nm]'mssi.oner °t Indian Affairs, reporting- an "out-
standing indebtedness on account of the Indian spr-
vice m Jkontana Territory amounting to $10,8-15 oh"
ihcrc are no funds within the control of this De-
partment applicable to the payment of said indebt-
edness, and the subject is respectfully submitted for
the consideration ot Congress, with the recommend-
ation that an appropriation of $10,815 54 be made tor
that purpose.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
TT J. D. COX, Secretary.
Hon, ScnuYLEii Colfax, President of the Senate,
