1870.
THiS ;(X)NGRB$SJ0ifAI,< OL©BE.
am
Now, Mr. Chairman* tha gttttaMA from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kkllez] states that iron
wire pays a duty of 2 coots per pound and IS
per cent, ad valorem, Si cents a pound and lo
per cent, ad valorem, and 4 cents a pound and
15 per cent, ad valorem ,< while iron wire rope
cornea in at So per Cent, ad valorem. I believe
that statement to be substantially correct; that
is to aay, iron rope not being an enumerated
article comes ia under an ad valorem duty.
It is also true that steel wire rope comes in at
45 per cent, ad valorem. Iron wire rope comes
in at 35 per cent, ad valorem and steel wire
rope at 45 per cent, ad valorem. The gentle-
man says that the reason for this, specific class-
ification is because those articles come ia at a
less rate of duty than the wire of which they
are manufactured.
Mr. KELLEY. The rates proposed by the
amendment will make them lower.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well; now, I under-
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania to say
that the object is to- get a specific rate of duty.
I do not understand him to claim that we should
increase the rate of duty.
Mr. KELLEY. On wire rope; yes. •
Mr. ALLISON. Now, what I propose is,
we will give an increase on iron wire rope and
leave the steel wire rope to come in as steel
wire. I should be willing to give one half cent
a pound increase; but the proposition that we
shall j y double rates is not, I think, a fair
proposition.
Mr. LOGAN. It would add 100 per cent.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not think it is so much.
Mr. LOGAN. I have made the calculation.
Mr._ ALLISON. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to listen to me for a moment. Steel
wire now pays S cents a pound and 20 per
cent, ad valorem. The proposition is to1 make i
it when changed into rope pay 7 cents a pound.
I think that is too ranch far the simple process .
of twisting wire; that is, the difference between |
7 cents per ponnd and 3 cents per pound.- I
am willing to give one half cent increase on j
this,' but I wish to preserve that Bame classifi- |
cation. I wish to call attention to the fact 1
that wherever we make a change to specific
duties we always manage to increase the rate
of duty.
Mr. ROGERS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Iowa if this rate of duty does not amount
to a prohibition upon the importation of this
article?
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know whether it
amoants to a prohibition or not. I only know
it is too high a rate as compared with the exist-
ing law, if the only object of the gentleman
■from Pennsylvania is to correct an error in the
classification.
[Here the hammer fell.]
^ Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to call the atten-
tion of my colleague on the committee from
Iowa, [Mr. Allisojt,] and of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. LOGan,] who was my col-
league on the committee in the last Congress,
to the fact that we had this subject of iron and
steel wire under consideration in the last Con-
gress, and that in a short bill, embracing a few j
articles, which was reported from the commit- j
tee purposely and professedly to cure what j
were admitted to be defects in the existing law, j
the subject of iron and steel wire was dealt 1
with. The rates provided in that bill were as
IoJiows;
v!'*™ J5on 01 8teSI w.ire ropo* made of wire oyer
No. 16 wire gauge in size, 6 cents per pound; made
fM 5 16. but not less than
Per pound; made of wire leas ia eiae
than No. & wire fiauge. 8 cents per poand: Pro-
«« p ,ron r0(* galvanized shall pay one
®L^!.?ent per P°und >n addition to the
I rise to a question of priv-
foregoing rates,
. Mr. ROGERS.
ilfege.
i ha CHAIRMAN. A question of privilege
cannot be entertained in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise, then, to a question of
order. I understand that there are lobbyists
on the floor, and I beliaVQ there is a- i-ule .vbich
excludes them.
The CHAIRMAN. Thatis a point of order
which the Chair cannot entertain. Such a
point of order oan only bB madi in IbeHo'use.
If the "lobbyists" are disturbing th& order of
the committee the Chair will take notice of the
fact.
Mr. BECK. WilL the gentleman froaa .Ten-
nessee yield to me for a remark? .
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir; in a moment
or two. I was about to give thereaaon why,
in the last Congress, we introduced the: pro-
vision 1 have read, with respect to iron and steel
wire rope. It was thi —and I «n y aay that the
subject waa very fully investigated* and the
documents relating to>ifc I presume are ion file
in the committee-room, and still accessible;
it was this: that establishments that had.been
attempting to manufacture this article had
found it was perfectly impracticable to do so,
since the duty on the ropes waa less than the
doty on the wire, whether of iron or steel, of
which they were made;, and that every estab-
lishment in the country, qF which quits a num-
ber had been started, had been closed except
one in the State of New Jersey. The com-
mittee therefore were satisfied that the exist-
ing la^ was defective, the defect being one of
those which would be discovered in the opera-
tions of trade and business. . And we sought
in the last Congress to remedy that defect by
a duty still higher than that which jre,propose
in the present bill. This year we have reduced
the duty on the several grades 1 cent a pound
below the point proposed by the committee ,ip
the last Congress.
Mr. BECK rose. : ' : i
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the. pending
amendment is exhausted.,
j, Mr.BECK. I understood that the gentle-
! man from Tennessee yielded to me a portion
of hi$ tina#. , .
. The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman itQm
Tennessee, had no time left to yield.
Mr. BECK., Then I move to strike out." 7
cents" and insert'• 3 cents." I do not wish
to occupy more than a moment, and that for
the purpose, of making a single remark. Ip
my opinion the length of time consumed in the
debate upon these two paragraphs has cost
much more in the.w^y of g^tO light? this-Hall,
independently of all that has been sept forth
upoa this floor, than all the revenue derived
from this article. In 1809, the amount of duty
reoeived on iron wire above No. 25, fated at
4 cents per pound and 15 per cent. r was $5: 61.
The amount received on iron wire cohered with
cotton, silk,, and other material, not less than
-No. 16, rated at 7 cents per pound and 15 per
cent., was $7295; onNo. 16 to No. 25, it waa
$58 36; above No. 25, it was $73 98. At pres-
ent, therefore, the duties on. all these artioles
are prohibitory. The revenue received from
them, notwithstanding all that has beenvsaid
about them, would hardly pay the salary of a
single collector's clerk in asiaglecustom-house
for two months. And yet we are asked to put
the duty on some of these articles above what
it was before.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would observe to the
gentleman that_ we manufacture the greater
portion of the wire that we use in-the country.
The wire rope, howevBr, comes in, not as/a
specific article, but as an unenumerated manu-
facture ; so that the tables do not show what
value of that article is imported.
Mr. BECK. They show that the tariff on
iron wire is prohibitory now; and'yet you are
increasihg it to a still higher rate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think this whole inatter
is to be thus explained: we have at present
certain duties upon the three or four grades of
iron and steel wire. Wire rod is comparatively
a modern production. Lately we have been
making wire rope for tiller ropes and standing
"gg'ug of vessels, and for -various purposes
for which the best hemp cordage was formerly
used, and we have been brought into this sin-
ghlae oondttion of things, that while we have
imposing a certain rate of duty upon
different grades of iron and sleel wire, the rope
whicb is made out of iron and steel wir© bas
-been introduced as a non-enumerated article,
at 85 per cent.- ad valorem; and thus the rope
made out of wire- has been brought in at a
lower rate of duty than the wire itself, which
is the raw, material out of which it is made.
Now, the objeot of this amendment of the
tariff is' to make iron and steel wire rope by
specific designation a dutiable artiole, instead
of leaving it,among the non-enumerated arti-
cles. We make pretty much all our own wire
iaallits different grades; but while rope made
Oat of wire caii come in at far less than the
wire itself, then as a matter of course the rope
is brought'in although the wire is not. The
only question then is, having settled the rates
of duty bpori different grades of iron and steel
wire, what you shall do with the iron and steel
wife rope. And the committee have thought
that this- rope ought to pay as much as the wire
out of which, it is made, and a little more, be-
cause of the labor which enters into it in order
to convert the iron or steel wire into rope.
Mr. RANDALL. Let me correct the gen-
tleman upon one point.
Mr. SCHfiNCIL . Certainly.
Mr. HANDALL. It is as to the use of wire
rope being a modern thing. There is in Phil-
adelphiaa suspension bridge of wire rope which
has been built for twenty years. -
Mr. SCHENCK.. That isa different class
of rope or twist from that now in constant use
and reeent:use as a substitute for hemp cord-
age in standing rigguag and tiller, rqpes, and
various purposes of that kind for our shipping,
and which hasiu faotgone into use at a com-
paratively recent date for. hoisting in mining
and various other ways. They have now made
a flexible, valuable rope which is a, substitute
for the finest aud best and strongest hemp
cordage,
■ Now,,the question, opened its-the committee
is what ought to be the duty upqn. cordage of
this..kind, tor it may. be calleqwirq cordage.
It <yght to .be Bomethwg more than, that on
the wire itself. I am inclined tQ think that
.^haf the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Almson]
proposes to reduce it,to from, what thp com-
mittee have reported in the bill is nearer; right
than the bill itself; but certainly it ought to be
somethingmore t)jan. the wire out qi which it
UtnM.de,.
Mr. M^yffAM, I desire tq ask'the gentle-
man froin Ohio a question., 1 uudtjrs^and him
to say that the wire, which k the, raw material
out of whjeh this rope is manufactured, is
charged with as high a duty as the rope itself.
Now, in iny examination of . this- bill I am
unable to find any iror> wire that is charged at
,the ratetof 7 cents,per pqund- specific duty,
while this rope by this bill is charged 7 cents
per pound. The,question which! desire to
ask-is whether there is, any iron wire changed
at the rate of 7 cents per pound specific duty)?
Mr. SCHENCK. In the preceding
graph we have put all iron wire at different
rates of duty—at 2 cents a pound and 15 per
cent, ad valorem, at 3J cents and 15 ppr ceut.
ad valorem, and at 4 centsiand 1$ per cent, ad
valorem,, and steel wire isat present some-
what higher rate. " '
iHere the hammer felL]
Ir. BECK.' I withdraw the amendment .tp
the amendment.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I ren&w it. I simply
wish to call the attention of the committee to
one fact. The twisted wire that we had the
contest about yesterday is nothing but this
twisted rope. It is composed of three wires
which make three strands. All wire rope is
composed of; a certain number of {strands'. It
to ay b'e of six strands Or of fifteen, or of a-tsufti
cient number to make a. cable strong enough
to hold a ship. Now, the point to which I
wish to call attention is this: that these twisted
ties which we put in here yesterday at 2 cents
