1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5061
cess in making steel. It, requires an enorm-
ous amount of capital. With great difficulty,
and only by mutual guarantees, as I under-
stood, a company was started to establish
steel-works at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The
amount invested in that establishment, I do
not know, but it, was very large indeed ; and
nearly all the leading railroad men, in order
to induce domestic competition, embarked in
the enterprise, and started the establishment.
There are now many such establishments in
ihe United States. There is one in the State
ot' Ohio ; there are some in Pennsylvania, and
some in New York. These establishments are
springing up at various points in our country,
but the sudden fall in the price of steel rails
now compels each one of them at the present
rate of duty to run at a loss, and it is very
manifest that unless a specific duty, something
in the nature of a protective duty, is given to
the manufacture of steel rails, every one of
them must be crushed out. It is impossible,
with the piesent price of labor in this country,
with (he state of the improvements in manu-
facture, with the condition of affairs in this
country, to compete Willi the English manu-
facturers of steel, and every one of these estab-
lishments here will have to stop, and the capi-
tal invested in them will be a dead loss.
Now, it is a question whether it is not wiser
for the people of the United States, looking to
the immediate future, to give to the persons
who have invested their capital and their means
in the manufacture of steel rails a reasonable
specific duty in order to encourage the produc-
tion, with a view in the end of cheapening the.
product to the American consumer. On that ^
point i have a very strong conviction that it is
wiser and better for the people of the United
States, for the consumers of rails in the United
States to build up a competing interest in the
United States by a reasonable spec'ilie duty;
to build up these establishments ail over the
United States, and thus have the benelit of a
domestic manufacture of steel rails.
I believe the immediate effect of crushing it
out now by throwing on the market Uie vast
quantiiy of steel raiis now being imported here,
and bieaking down this domestic competition,
would be within two or three years to raise the
price of steel rails probably to $100 a ton.
The present, duty ot' forty-five per cent, ad
valorem was put '"on steel not otherwise !
enumerated but that was levied before the !
Bessemer process was known in tiiis country, j
before any works were staited, and conse- [
quently the duty was not, levied with a v.ew to ;
reaching steel iiianuiactuied by this process, j
The blouse piopose a dui,y of thirty dohurs oil |
the Arneiican ton, and $3'3 CO on the Englisu j
ton. the large ton. _ ^
On the present, spccie value ot the steel on
' shipboard at Liverpool this specific duty would
be sixty per cent, ad valorem ; but taking the
average price of steel for th" last year, this
duty is no high"-.- than the piesent duty, forty- |
five per cent, ad valorem; and taking the aver- |
age price of steel for the last, four years, forty-five j
percent, is much higher than the specific duty j
proposed by this biii. Just now steel rails
can bo put on shipboard at fifty dollars a ton, ;
and this rate is an increase ot duty._ _\Y hether :
thirty dollars a ton is just the right sum I
am not prepared to say. The Committee o.i
Finance found this duty fixed at a cent ai.d a ,
half a p-.und in the bill, and after conversing
about it and discussing it a good deal we c>u!d
not agree on any other sum or upon any other :
way of levying the duty, and we left ir._ihce- ;
foie, for ihe judgment of the Senate. .'-I;, osn ■
o,i;nion is that it is about a fair am; reasonable (
rpeeitic duty to be levied upon this article at
this iiine. and therefore 1 shaii vote to keep it ,
in tlie b'n! n \
Mr. t'OMEilGY*. My point of inquiry of
the Se.'a or \ es Ohio wus y,'hether en ad
valorem den of Ibny-five per cent, would not
subject us to more variation and more trued,s
than a specific duly of so much a pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me say that the men
who entered into this business entered it for
the purpose of making money ; they expected
a return of their capital, naturally ; but most
of the persons who embarked in this business
were men who were interested in building rail-
roads, and they went into it to secure a com-
petition with the English manufacturers, where
the Bessemer steel process was a close monop-
oly. Twenty-two dollars a ton is not sufficient
to keep their heads above water.
Mr. POMEROY. Forty-five per cent, ad
valorem is not as much as $22 40 a ton; and
if they can keep their heads above water with
what, they get now, how will they go down if
we give them more?
Mr. SHERMAN. At the present price of
steel with a duty of forty-five per cent, they
cannot run three months, if we can believe
men who have as high reputations as any men
we have in business in the country.
Mr. POMEROY. They went in at forty-
five per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. But then steel was woith
$150 a ton, and forty-five per cent, gave them
a duty of sixty or seventy dollars a ton, and
now it is only half that.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator under-
stands the process, as i know he does, it does
not cost one cent more to make a pound of
Bessemer steel than it does a pound of refined
iron.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it does not
cost much more ; but the duty on refined iron
is a gpeat deal more than this duty proposed
by this bill on steel. There is no duty on the
higher grades of iron as low as a cent and a
half a pound. I will ask my friend from Ver-
mont what is the duty on bar iron?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. One cent a
pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the finer grades?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, it varies as
it grades up.
Mr. POAIKItUY. That is the small shape ;
it would not be that in large bars ; refined iron
in large bars does not, pay as much as when
it is put into a wire. I am satisfied it is a bet-
ter way to collect the duty on the pound. The
mil itself is framed with that view, to collect,
one cent, atid a half per pound. Now, I pro-
pose before we take the vote on striking out
the whole section to strike out simply the
word-; and one half," so as to make the duty
one cent a pound ; that will be $22 40 a ton.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order.
Mr. POMEROY. It is in order here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not in order when
one motion to strike out is pending to make
another.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands it is in order.
Mr. POMEROY'. I so understand it; and
if the Chair agrees with me wc will proceed
with this understanding. I move, then, to
strike out the words '' and one half," so as to
read, "on steel railway bars, one cent per
pound.''
Mr. WILSON. Put it at a cent and a
auarter.
* Mr. POME LIOY.
Senate on this.
Mr. MORTON.
the present duty.
Mr. POMEROY. No; more. The Senator
from Ohio agrees with Lie that forty-five per
cent, ad valorem on the present price is less
than twenty-two dollars; it is about nineteen
dollars a ton.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask the
Senator whether tie extends his amendment to
the next line, where the duty is one and a
quarter cents a pound? The succeeding line
is. "and on all railway bars made in part of
steel, one and a quarter cents per pound.'
Mi. POMEROY. My first, point is to gft
the sente of the Senate on this, and we can
test the sense of the Senate on that afterward.
Mr. SAWYEIl. Mr. President—
I want the sense of the
That would be less than
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina has used his five minutes
on the afnendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say one word, and
only one word, in reference to a remark made
by the Senator from Ohio, that there were
various manufactories of this Bessemer steel.
I wish to ask him whether every one of those
various factories is not ca'rried on under the.
patents owned by the throe individuals of
whom I spoke; whether in fact the Bessemer
process is not in the hands of three individ-
uals, however widely it may be used; and
whether a royalty does not have to go from
every manufactory to those individuals?
Mr. SHERMAN. The owners of the patent
right may be very few, butthe process is exten-
sively used.
Mr. SCOTT. As the Senator from South
Carolina has, unintentionally I have no doubt,
been led into a very grievous error in regard
to the proprietorship of the Bessemer patents,
I will answer theinquiry, to some extent, which
he has propounded to the Senator from Ohio.
That statement has been made elsewhere, and
currency has been given to it in such a man-
ner that it is probably better here to correct it
and make the true statement in regard to the
ownership of the Bessemer patents.
William Kelly, of Ohio—not William D.Ivel-
ley, my colleague in the other House, who has
sometimes been confounded with this question,
but William Kelly, of Ohio—was experimenting
upon the effect of introducing atmospheric air
upon metal while in a melted or fused state.
Henry Bessemer was engaged in making the
same experiments at the same time. A patent
was issued to Bessemer in England. He came lo
this country, and also obtained a patent here.
After the American patent had issued to Bes-
semer Kelly applied, and upon making his
proofs at the Patent Office a patent was issued
lo him upon the ground of priority of inven-
tion over Bessemer. Then a company was
formed in which were interested a number of
persons who had given aid to Kelly in making
his experiments; for, like many other bene
factors of the human race, by the time he got
hia patent his money was gone. Money was
advanced to liim by various persons, and what
was called - 'the Kelly Pneumatic Process Com-
pany" was formed. That company consisted,
if I am correctly informed, and as I believe, of
all the individuals, nine in number at the time,
comprising the Cambria Iron Company at
Johnstown, Pennsylvania; LyotiShorb& Co.,
of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania; Park, Brother &
Co., of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania: E. B. Ward,
Detroit, Michigan : Chouteau, Harrison, &
Valle, of St. Louis; and Z. S. Durfee of Boston.
This company, thus formed, established the
first works that were established in this country
for the purpose of manufacturing these rails,
not in Pennsylvania, but at Wavandotte, in
Michigan. After they had thus established
their works-they bought the English patent of
Henry Mus.ihet, of England. The patent of
Bessemer was then bought by Winslow, Gris-
wold & Holloy, of Troy. New Y'ork. A con-
flict being likely to ensue and litigation to grow
out of the diverse interests of tliese parties,
that litieation was settled by a consolidation
of the whole three patents, and a conveyance
was made of these patents to three trustees, to
hold for the benefit of all the parties interested.
1 do not know how many there are of thoni;
there are one hundred of them I suppose: and
the misapprehension in regaidto three person}
owning these patents has arisen from this fact;
and when a Senator of the United States, espe
cialiy one hailing from South Carolina, where
they ought to be perfectly informed upon all
subjects that affect them in regard to the ques-
tion of iron or steel manufacture, can assert
that three persons own this patent in the Uni-
ted States it is time that such a statement
should be corrected.
So far from these persons who hold these
patents in trust for all the others elatming-the
