1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1225
Ctrailcr. Trimble, Van Trump, Ward, William B.
Washburn, \VeIIs._Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wil-
con anil Wood—45.
" \'\VS—Messrs. Armstrong, Aspcr, Axtell, Aver,
Ihnks, Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Blair,
li'iles^Boyd. (.leorgo M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton,
liareharil. Cake, Calkin, Churchill, Clarke, Ainasa
Cobb, Conger, Cowles, Davis, Dawes, Doweese,
liixo'n,Donley, Duval, Dyer. Ela, Farnsworth, For-
res, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Gilfillan, Grolladay, Haiffht,
Ihwkins, llawley, Hay, Hays, Heaton, Ileflin, Hill,
Hoar, Ingersoll, Johnson, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Keteliam, Knapp, Lailin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan,
Loughridge, Mayham, McCarthy, McCormick, Mc-
Crarv, MeGrew, McKenzie, Eliakira 11. Moore, Neg-
ley, Packard, Packer, Paine, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter,
l'rosser, llidgway, Rogers, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
blanks. Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, John A.Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Pmvth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
tUoughton, btrickland, Swann, TalFe. Tanner, Till-
uuii, Tmvnsend, Twichell, Tyner, Welker, Wheeler,
and Willnrd—101.
^sOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Arnell, Bailey, Barnum, Beatty, Bennett,
Binsham, lJooker, Bowen, Buck, 13 unlet t, Burr, Ijen-
ianiin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,Coburn.Oovode,
i'nx. Cullom, Dickey, Dickinson, Dockery, Ferry,
Fisher, Fox, Greene, Hale, Hambleton, Hamilton,
Hoy. lloiman, Hooper, Jenckes, Julian, Lynch,
McXeely, Mercur, Milnes, Jesse II. Moore, William
Moore. Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, O'Neill, Palmer,
Peters. Phelps, Poland, Schenck, Schumaker, Sco-
Seld, Porter Sheldon, Sloeum, Strong, Sweeney,
Upson, Van Auken, Van Horn, Voorhees, Cadwal-
ailer C. Washburn, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Wil-
liams, Winans, Winchester, Witcher, and Wood-
ward—72.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order,
being the annual appropriation bill for legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Before the House resolves
itself into Committee of the Whole, the Chair
is desired by Mr. Cobb, of Wisconsin, to give
notice that at three o'clock he proposes to
announce the death of hi3 late colleague, Mr.
Hopkins.
Mr. DAWES. At that hour I will move that
the committee rise.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
i Mr. Cessna in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being the
hill {H. R. No. 974) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1871.
The Clerk read as follows:
For contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives. namely:
For cartage, $3,800,
For clerks to committees, and temporary clerks of
the House of Representatives, $32,232.
For folding documents, including materials, $80,000.
For fuel and lights, including plumbing, gas-fitting,
repairs, and materials, $15,000.
For horses and carriages for the transportation of
mails and for the use of messengers, $10,000.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose all the Clerk has
read is not regarded as passed. I wish to
amend the clause, "for folding documents,
including materials, $80,000," by striking out
"$80,000," and substituting "$40,000."
Mr. KELSEY. I object. The gentleman
is too late. That clause is passed.
Mr. DAVIS. The Clerk was reading rapidly,
and did not stop reading when I rose to move
my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk had read two
paragraphs beyond that which the gentleman
seeks to amend.
Mr. DAVIS. He was only reading the second
paragraph, and the Chair did not hear me when
1 desired to move an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. On that statement by
the gentleman, the Chair will allow him to offer
his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, I move to amend by
striking out the word "eighty" and inserting
forty;" so that the paragraph will read,
' for folding documents, including materials,
$40,000." •
I offer this amendment because I assume, as
the House has a right to assume, that the bill
which has passed the House for the abolition
of the franking privilege will become a law.
And it must be clear to the mind of every gen-
tleman, that if the franking privilege is abol-
ished, $40,000 will be a sufficient appropriation
for the purpose mentioned in this paragraph.
I am informed that the bill abolishing the frank-
ing privilege passed the Senate this morning.
It therefore needs no argument to show that
on this item we may well save $40,000.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Appro-
priations do not oppose the amendment of the
gentleman from New York. They are very
much obliged to him for seconding them in any
efforts they have been making in the direction
of economy. I desire, however, to state to the
House that for the last ten years the average
appropriation for this item has been $83,000.
The amount asked this year was $100,000.
Before the bill was introduced abolishing the
franking privilege the committee cut it down
to $80,000. There is a deficiency now for the
present year of $30,000. I shall rejoice if the
House will so curb itself, as is suggested by the
gentleman from New York, and content itself
with $40,000 for this purpose. I make no
opposition to the amendment.
Mr. PAIN E. In view of the abolition of the
franking privilege, I am satisfied that $40,000
will be a larger sum than is needed for that
purpose. I therefore move to amend the
amendment by substituting $'2-5,000. And I
ask the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations whether in his judgment, in view of
the abolition of the franking privilege, $25,000
will not suffice ?
Mr. DAWES. I quite agree with the gen-
tleman. And I would ask tinanimous consent,
if this amendment is adopted, to go back to the
Senate and treat the Senate in this matter the
same as the House.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept the modification of
my amendment suggested by the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. This is one of those
undefined perquisites which attach to the office
of a member of Congress, something akin to
that of the franking privilege itself: and I do
not see the consistency of retaining this when
you abolish the other. Why not strike it out
altogether, instead of merely reducing the ap-
propriation? If one member wishes to send off
ten thousand copies of his speech, why should
he not buy the material and pay for the folding
of them ? If another wishes to send off one
thousand copies of his speech, let him buy the
material and pay for the folding of the one
thousand. I say let every member who wishes
to send off his speeches to his constituents
pay for the material and for the folding of his
speeches. There is the same reason for his
doing this as for his paying the postage on
them. I therefore move to strike out the
whole paragraph.
Mr. DAWES. It may be very good doctrine
for the gentleman to apply to himself and to
us; but there are many documents which the
law requires us to send to libraries and to State
capitals. These must be folded, and there must
be some appropriation for that purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would suggest that,
this is not the appropriation for that purpose,
and that the Interior Department has an appro-
priation which will cover the distribution of
those documents.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions what documents we are required by law
to send out?
Mr. DAWES. The law requires us to send
one copy of all the documents which are printed
and bound to every member at his home.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to the appropriation that wns
made in 1858 tor this purpose: " For folding;
documents, including pay of folders, wrapping
paper, twine, and paste, $30,000." That wih
thought a considerable amount in those days.
How has it increased from that sum to even
the reduced figure of $80,000?
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will tell
me how everything is increased here but that
then I will tell him.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am happy to say that
the gentleman has reduced another expendi-
ture very materially. It is not a large item,
but one of some consequence. I find in tho
law of 1858, which I have before me, an appro-
priation for lurniture, repairs, and boxes for
members, of $10,000. The bill now before us
only appropriates $2,500 for each of the items
of furniture and packing-boxes.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
give us the credit we deserve.
Mr. MAYNARD. This item has grown very
much with the growth of the country, and I
think we might as well strike it out.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think we ought to
strike it out entirely.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's
motion, as modified, to strikeout" eighty " and
insert "twenty-five," and it was agreed to—
ayes ninety-three, noes not counted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 now move to strike
out the whole paragraph, or, by common con-
sent, I will modify my motion, and on the state-
ment of the gentleman who has charge of this
bill that the bound copies are sent by the House,
but the public libraries are supplied by the
Interior Department, I will move to make the
amount "$10,000" instead of "$25,000," a8
that will be amply sufficient.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order, because the committee have already
inserted "$25,000."
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, obtained the
floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out
the whole paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Minnesota now has the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Is it in order, after the com-
mittee has voted to strike out and insert, to
move to strike out what they have inserted ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. The Chair
rules that that motion is not in order.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that to be the
present motion.
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir; if the gentle-
man should move to strike out the whole par-
agraph the Chair would entertain the motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I only desired
the floor in opposition to the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingebsoll] to
strike out the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not yet
made.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Then I do
not desire the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now move to strike
out the entire paragraph. I think enongh has
been said to show that this amount of appro-
priation is not needed, and therefore I move
to strike it out.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has stated that all these documents are
furnished by the Interior Department. That
is not true. The Congressional Globe is not
furnished by the Department of the Interior,
and some other documents are not furnished
to the public libraries by that Department. It
is true that there is a certain portion ot the
reports and public documents furnished by the
Department of the Interior, but they are not
all furnished in that way; and therefore this
paragraph should not be stricken out. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes}
is right when he insists on a certain appropria-
tion being made, and I think a considerable
amount, perhaps $25,000, will be necessary
I do not know about that, bnt I am sure about
