1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr, Kelley,
Ilo. of Reps.
thrown out of employment and wages sunk so
low that none but agriculturists could come to
us with any prospect of improving their condi-
tion, and immigration sunk to a point lower
than it had been since the ever-to-be-remem-
bered free-trade crisis of 1837-40. In that year
but 91,920 immigrants arrived, and the depres-
sion continued through the next year and the
number of immigrants was but 91,987. By the
act of July 14, 1862 the duties were raised,_ so
that in 1863 they were up to 23.7, and the im-
migration nearly equaled that of the two pre-
ceding years, having gone up 176,282. By the
several acts of 1864, 1865, and 18G6 the duties
were increased, so that the duties on the import-
ations of 18G6 averaged 40.2 per cent., and im-
migration went up to 318,554. Last year, when
the West was further oppressed by the increase
of duties on wool and copper, they averaged41.2,
and the number of immigrants went up to
352,569; and the commissioners of immigra-
tion assure us that this year the number will
exceed 400,000.
It is thus demonstrated historically that pre-
cisely as we make our duties protective of high
wages for labor, so do we bring skilled work-
men from Germany, Belgium, France, and
England to work in our mines, forges, fur-
naces, rolling-mills, cotton and woolen facto-
ries, and create a home market for the grain
of Iowa, Illinois, and the other States whose
farmers complain that they have no market
for their grain.
skilled workmen the most valuable commodity
we can import.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have free trade in
men.
Mr. IvBLLBY. The chairmau of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Sciienck]
suggests in this connection that we have fiee
trade in men. Yes, men are on the free list.
They cost us not even freight. Y et how they
swell the revenues and help us pay the debt of
the country 1 They are raised from helpless
infancy, through tender childhood, and trained
to skilled labor in youth in other lands, and in
manhood allured by higher wages, tliey come
to us and are welcomed to citizenship. In this
way we have maintained a balance of trade that
has enabled us to resist without bankruptcy the
ordinary commercial balance that has been so
heavily against us. We promote free trade in
men, and it is the only free trade I am prepared
to promote.
french peek tiude.
The French tariff is as inimical to us as that
of England. It is replete with prohibitory
duties and absolute prohibitions, Yet France
is spoken of to us by the English journals and
in the declamations of gentlemen as afree-trade
nation. Why, sir, on every article mentioned
in the French tariff, unless it is absolutely free,
the duty is so much if imported in French ves-
sels, and so much more if imported in vessels
of other nations. Every head of a column of the
rates of duty established by the French tariff
shows that you cannot import dutiable articles
into France at the same rate in the vessel of
another nation that you can in a French one.
They read thus:
General tariff.
Import tariff in treaty
with Great Britain
and other countries.
Articles.
Imports.
In French
and treaty
vessels.
In
French
vessels.
In
other
vessels.
In other
vessels.
Mr. ALLISON. Are you in favor of that
rule?
Mr. KELLEY. I am.
Mr. ALLISON. So am I.
Mr. KELLEY. I am in favor of imposing
duties so as to discriminate in favor of American
shipping. I am for every form of protection
to American industry and enterprise.
In the French tariff tobacco is classed as a
colonial product, and its importation on private
account is prohibited. It is a Government
monopoly. American grown tobacco, even in
the leaf, is admitted into France only when the
colonial supply fails ; and then if it is carried
in other than a French vessel it is made to pay
a duty of nearly 1 cent on the pound, which is
imposed in order to tax foreign shipping.
The gentleman from Iowa objects to the
schedule under which duties are to be assessed
under the committee's bill, and specially to that
of sugar. Let me invite his attention to some
of the provisions of the French tariff on sugar:
sugar from other than French possessions;
sugar similar to refined powdered, above No.
20, from foreign countries, &c.; sugar, refined,
from other possessions, are prohibited. Thus
all sugars refined or advanced in other than
French possessions are prohibited, as is also
molasses.
Mr. SCHENCK. That has built up their
beet-sugar manufacture.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes ; and it is an industry
we should build up in the West. I want to run
cursorily through tins tariff. The importation
of cast iron into France is prohibited. Wrought
iron in plates is prohibited. Manufactures of
iron of certain kinds are prohibited. A11 chem-
ical products not enumerated are prohibited.
All extracts of dye-woods are prohibited. Dye-
woods are admitted free; but if American or
other labor has been expended in making ex-
tracts from dye-woods the extracts are prohib-
ited. Gentlemen of the free-trade school gen-
erally and the gentlemen from New York [Mr.
Brooks] and from Iowa [Mr. Allison] assail
vehemently, and as I think most unfairly, the
iron schedule and duties on steel proposed by
the committee's bill. How differently France
estimates the importance of these vital indus-
tries. Her tariff prohibits all manufactures of
zinc and other metals not specially named and
the following articles of iron and steel, in the
production of which we excel both her and
England in quality and cheapness:
"Castings, not polished: chairs for railroads,
plates, .fee., cast in open air; cylindric tabes, plain
or grooved columns, gas-retorts, a:e., and othei
articles without ornament or finish; hollow-ware
not included above; castings, polished or turned;
the same, tinned, varnished, &c.; household uten-
sils and other articles not enumerated, of iron or
sheet iron, polished or painted; painc, enameled or
varnished; all articles of steel; iron, blacksmiths'
work; locksmiths'work; nails, by machine; nails,
by hand; wood-screws, bolts, scroiv-nats."
France prohibits and excludes those articles
that her poorly paid workmen may beprotecled
against the productions of those of Belgium
and Germany, who receive even less than they.
All tissues of cotton, except nankeens, pro-
duce of India, lace, manufactured by hand or
otherwise, and tulle, with lace-work, are also
prohibited. Cotton and woolen yarns are also
prohibited by the general tariff, though admitted
at high and most scientifically rated protective
duties from England under the import tariff
treaty with that country.
Yes, sir, if we spin our cotton into yarn, or
weave it into a tissue or fabric, it is excluded
fromthebroadempireofFrance. If you carry
it there raw, with no labor in it save that of the
slave or the freedman, you can take it in, but as
yarn or a tissue it is prohibited.
the purpose of the free list.
The committee in proposing the extended free
list embraced in the second section of the bill
hoped to accomplish two important objects, one
of which was to promote direct commerce be-
tween us and those non-manufacturing coun-
tries which require the productions of our shops
and mills, and whose raw materials we require;
and the other was to give our manufacturers
and mechanics, free of duty, those essentials
which France, England, andBelgium admit free.
A majority of the committee believe that the
adoption of this will do much to revive our
commerce, and not only quieken established
industries, but lead to the introduction of
new ones, and thus increase the market for
the productions of the farm and reduce the
cost and price of a large range of manufac-
tured goods. We think it is sound policy
to let in free raw materials that we cannot
produce, and collect our reyenue from articles
in the production of which labor has been
expended. This is the theory of the bill we
reported. It has the sanction of the sagacity
and experience of France and England, and
was framed regardless of the teachings of mere
theorists and school-men.
duties ox wool and woolens.
Mr. Chairman, although I had made some
preparation for its illustration, I had not
expected to go into so general a discussion of
the effect of protection upon the interests of
the farmer. The wide range the discussion
has taken must be my apology for one other
view of the subject. The gentleman from
Iowa told us that the wool interest is suffering
from the excessive duties imposed on woolen
cloths by the existing tariff, and that the com-
mittee proposes to continue them. Sir, I may
be very dull, but after hearing the gentleman
it still seems to me that the wool interest must
have been benefited by the bill increasing the
duties on wool and woolens. We certainly have
more people wearing wool now than we had in
1860. We have, as 1 have shown, received over
2,000,000 immigrants since then, and our
natural increase is at least 1,000,000 per
annum ; yet I find by the thirteenth report of
the commissioners of her Britannic Majesty's
customs that the declared value of woolen
manufactures exported to the United States
was, ill June, 1800, £3,414,050, while in 1808,
neai ly a decade thereafter, it was £3,058,432—
au increase of £234,382 in 8 years.
Who has grown the wool that clothes out-in-
creased population? Our freedmen now wear
ordinary woolen clothes. The "poor whites"
of the South now wear what they call ■' store
goods," but to which they were unused before
the rebellion. The cold Northwest, whose
people wear woolen goods all the year, has
increased its population so largely that it is
demanding enlarged representation on this
floor without waiting for the census.
Our wool-wearing population has nearly
doubled ; yet the amount of wool imported is
scarcely greater than it was eight years ago.
Where does tlie wool come from? Does it drop
gently from the heavens, like the dew, or is it
grown upon the sheep of western and southern
farmers ?
tiie way to reduce tlln taxes.
Sir, I am as anxious to reduce taxes as rap-
idly as it can bo done consistently with the
maintenance of the public credit and the grad-
ual extinguishment of the debt as any man on
this floor. I do not make this declaration now
for tho first time. On the 31st of January,
1860,1 saw that, the war being over, the freed-
men must be provided with the means of mak-
ing a living by other labor than that of the
plantation hand ; that the women of the South
must have employment; that there must be a
diversification of our industry; that the North-
west would be shut out from her markets if
she did not diversify her industry ; and in the
course of some remarks I made that day in
favor of remitting taxes, both internal and
external, I described the bill now under con-
sideration. In stating how 1 would reduce the
burdens of the people I said :
"I havo never been able to believe that a national
debt is a national blessing. 1 have seen how good
might be interwoven with or educcd from evil, or
how a great evil might, under certain conditions, be
turned to good account; but beyond this I havo
never been able to regard debt, individual or national,
as a blessing. It may be that, as in the inscrutable
