1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
2169
around him from the camp where he was an
absolute military despot aud asks the Senate
to admit him as a Senator freely elected by
the Legislature of Mississippi, and that Legis-
lature in both branches freely elected by the
people of that State! Sir, never was there so
grave a mockery attempted to be enacted in a
country that had even the forms and the remains
of free institutions.
Gentlemen herehave expressed their willing-
ness that General Ames should be a Senator
on this floor. I have no such feeling; nor
would I have if General Ames had been a civ-
ilian, if he had not been a part of the Army,
if he had not been the military despot of that
Armywhich controlled theelection oftho Legis-
lature, and then controlled the election by the
Legislature of a Senator, if he had not had
himself elected and signedhis own commission;
for I have seen the commission of Adclbert
Ames as Senator from Mississippi, signed by
Adelbert Ames, brigadier general of the Uni-
ted States Army, is it possible that such a
scene as this can bo cnacted in our country
when thero arc men and women living who
were contemporary with the formation of the
Constitution, and who knew the great states-
men, devoted to liberty and to popular govern-
ment, who erected our present system of gov-
ernment? Is it not passing strange, beyond
the expression of human language, that such a
scene could be enacted at this day ? Sir, it is
an exemplification of the correctness of the
old maxim that "truth is stranger than fic-
tion."
What, then, is the case presented to 119 ?
General Ames is sent here by a Legislature
elected or chosen by his own absolute will; and
then the Legislature vote upon the election of
Benatoruutler the control, coercion, and power
of his own absolute and despotic will; In: pre-
sents himself here without having resigned his
position in the Army. Will (.lie Senate enact
the solemn farce, the ridiculous mockery of
admitting hero a man thus appointed by his
own military chieftain, and sent here by a Legis-
lature selected by himself, and whose action in
the election of Senator was controlled by him-
self'/ Will they humiliate themselves and their
country and this Government by the admission
of a man thus presenting himself for a scut, in
the Senate? Others may do it; bull, for one,
say never, never, never.
Mr. President, 1 had not expected t.o say
one word on this subject, ft, was my earnest
desire not to do so; but I could not- remain
silent and see such an outrage upon the Gov-
ernment and institutions of my country per-
petrated as this would be without raising a
voice, however feeble and fruitless it may bo,
of protest against it. Sir, 1 say that every
principle of law which applies to this case
ought to bo ruled with iron rigor in relation to
General Ames. Human reason anil human
judgment and the conclusions of the human
mind are some oftho strangest phenomena
and operations in all nature. If things could
have been reversed, and these deeds had been
enacted by the Democratic party, there is no
people on earth who would have been louder,
more earnest, and more devoted in their resiht-
ance and protest to them than would be the
Republican party; and in that opposition they
would occupy the position of patriots and men
willing and deserving to be free.
Mr. President, all the facts of this case have
come down to this solitary point: in the lan-
guage of the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania who addressed the Senate a short time
since, this proposition was made to General
Ames, " We will elect you Senator if you will
become a resident of the State." wThafc is the
propositionas related by himself. General Ames
accepts it, and in explanation of his intention
and his position in relation to that matter, ho tells
the committee frankly and explicitly, " I had
not come to the conclusion that I would remain
a resident of the State of Mississippi if I was
not elected." And there is the pith of the
whole matter. It is not a conditional and con-
tingent inhabitancy that authorizes a man to
be elected to the Senate under the Constitution
of the United States. The inhabitancy must
be positive, absolute ; tho man without regard
to future events, to contingencies of any kind,
must have come deliberately and formally to
the purpose of making that place the place of
his home, of his inhabitancy. Had General
Ames come to any such conclusion? He says
■himself he had not, and I have no doubt that
in that he expressed the truth and the frank-
ness of a soldier. Suppose after that contin-
gent, conditional proposition had been made
to him, some sudden military exigence had
demanded the removal of his command away
to the Pacific coast and he had been ordered
off, does any man doubt that he would have
marched to the word, that he then would have
surrendered this phantom'! I think it would
have been much better for his military and
patriotic character that he never had hugged
that phantom. Can anybody doubt that under
such circumstances he would have abandoned
tho phantom of a seat in tho Senate of the
United States, and, in obedience to his duty
and tho orders of his commander, would have
marched with alacrity to tho western coast?
There arc many accidents in human affairs;
our best founded expectations are sometimes
most suddenly and unaccountably foiled and
defeated. Suppose some of those accidents
had happened between the day General Ames
said " if you will elect mo to the Senate I will
become an inhabitant of your Statusuppose
some of tlioso accidents which dissipate the pur-
poses and resolves of all men had happened,
that rendered it perfectly certain, certain as
| l'ato and destiny, that General Ames could not
lie elected, who dreams, who so credulous as
;! to believe that, he would have remained a cit-
il ixeu and an inhabitant of the State of Miasis-
j: hippi? Never, never.
p Mr. President, I am jealous of tho military
j, power in our country and our Government. I
;; atn tnore opposed to it than the Trojans were
to tho Grecian horse. In all my historical'
!■ rending 1 have never known of a peoplo who
!, wore free and who were possessed of the power
j< of self-government, that lost that freedom, who
. did not lose it by military power, and most
!' generally by tho military power of their own
jj country. Why, sir, in 18-18 the grandest, the
II sublimefit movement that was over made upon
j! tho earth for autonomy, for self-government,
j! lbr freedom, was made spontaneously in liti-
ll rope. It inundated the whole of that continent
!j west and south of itussiu. Eor a time it seemed
[; to have seized upon tho thoughts, the affec
I1 lions, the souls of the people of Europe. It
S: was about to be triumphantly and universally
j! established. But tho frozen CV.ar of llussia
j increased and concent rated his great and over-
j1 whelming army, and upon it the collected frag-
t] ments of tlio broken and scattered armies of
jj tho other continental Powers of Europe, and
jj by one great and gigantic effort they crushed
the sublimest and greatest of all the move-
|i ments oftho human family for self-government.
Sir, I have read in modern times of but one
military man who was fit to bo trusted with
civil power, and that man was the immortal
Father of his Country, George Washington.
He, after ho had conducted his Army to victory
aud independence, Cinciunutus-like, came to
the Capitol of the nation, to its Congress, and
surrendered his commission aud liis sword to
| that country who by its agents had conferred
I it upon him; and tho highest, the noblest
! eulogy that was propounded by the Speaker,
\ Mifilu, was that never in any exigence had he
| placed the civil power in subordination to the
| military. On Uie contrary, he had uniformly
j in all the perils, in all the trials, in all the
j dark defeats and disasters of that long straggle,
j held his military power in strict subordination
; to the civil power of the State in which he was
j operating with his Army. I wish that the sub-
1 lima philosophy and morals of ths Father of
his Country could be imbibed by the present
men in power> and especially by th© military
men in power. I wish that General Ames had
imbued himself fully with his noble and pat-
riotic spirit; I wish he had acted upon it m
this, I suppose the greatest temptation that
ever beset him in life.
But, Mr. President, I am taught not less by
the example and history of my own country
than by that of all other countries, to distrust
military power, the Army, military men. Sir,
110 true sword was ever drawn in our land that
attempted to place the civil power, either State
or national, in subordination to the military
power. General Ames, and all other men who
have worn the proud uniform of their country
and borne its sword, ought, before becoming
candidates for civil office to doff that uniform
and it is well for him that he has doffed it—
and to liang up the sword upon which a stain
and dishonor has come, to let it rest in its scab-
bard forever in ignoble inertness.
I could not, Mr. President, do less than to
express the words of protest I feel against the
acceptance of General Ames to a seat in this
Senate Chamber, and I will add only a single
word. I am devoted to our Constitution and
system of government; it has been my idol
from my youth. It now seems to be falling
into ruins; but—
"Around ths dear ruin, each wish of my heart
Would entwine itself verdantly still."
Wherever there is a fragment of it left, one
of its great and noblo principles of liberty, I,
for one, in feebleness and in utter hopeless-
ness it may be, will rally around that prin-
ciple and to its rescue from destruction.
Every power that I have, every faculty of my
mind shall be given for the few days that are
left to mc to have a true restoration of our
Governmentupon the immortal principles upon
which our fathers based it.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The question being put; there were, 011 a
division—ayes 23, noes 22.
Mr. THAYER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. WARNER. I would say to Senators
on the opposite side that a Senator on my
right proposes to speak at considerable length
on this matter, and has expressed a purpose to
keep us here indefinitely 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable. The Secretary will
call the roll.
The Secretary commenced the call of the
roll, and Mr. Abbott voted "yea."
Mr. CONKLING. I ask permission to make
a suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There has been
a response to the roll-call. The Senator from
New York asks unanimous consent to make a
suggestion. If there be no objection he may
proceed.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
if am right in supposing that the honorable
Senator from Maryland is ill, or does not feel
able to speak to-day, and wants to have an
opportunity to-morrow for that reason?
Mr. VICKERS. I am not very well. I got
up at a very early hour this morning, and I feel
very feeble and unable to speak to the Senate
this evening as I should like to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will proceed with the roll-call.
I he Secretary proceeded to call the roll; and
the result was announced—yeas 28, nays 25; as
follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Carpenter. Gasserly, Conkling, Cragin, Davis,
i owler, Harris, Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Nor-
ton, iatterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Ross, Scott,
Spencer, Stockton, ihurman, Trumbull, Viekers,
Warner, and Willey—28.
iNAlb—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Chand-
ler, Colo, Corbett, Drake, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Ponaeroy, Ravels, Rice,
sawyer, Sumner. Thayer, Williains,-and Wilson—25.
4JJ8INT — Messrs: Cameron, Cattail, Edmunds,
