2170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Robertson, Saulsbury. Sehurz, Sherman, Spj.-a.gae,
Stewart, Tipton, and Yates—16.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 23, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. P. newman, D. D., Chaplain of
the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
mrs. lizzie a. mower.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 1601)
granting a pension to Mrs. Lizzie A. Mower,
widow of the late Brevet Major General Joseph
A. Mower; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
marine hospital at natchez.
Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a Ml (H. R. No. 1602) donating the
marine hospital at Natchez, Mississippi, to the
State of Mississippi for educational purposes;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
pom of entry at jersey city.
Mr. CLEVELAND, by unanimous consent,
presented a resolution of the mayor and board
of aldermen of the city of Bergen, New Jer-
sey, in favor of making Jersey City a port of
entry; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CLEVELAND also, by unanimous con-
sent, presented a resolution of the common
council of Jersey City, New Jersey, in favor
of making Jersey City a port of entry ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
colonization 01' ellbedmen.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to submit for adop-
tion the following resolution:
Jlcsolvcd, That tlio Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to report to this House a detailed statcmont
ot' expenditures out of the appropriation of $10!).000
contained in the eleventh section of chapter fifty-
four of Statutes of 1802, approved Apiil 10, 18G2, and
the present condition of any nnexponded balance of
such appropriation.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
removal oi? brooklyn navy-yard.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs
a bill (H. R. No. 1603) to provide for the re-
moval of the Brooklyn navy-yard; which was
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
previous question.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Rules bo
directed to inquire and report as to tile expediency
of adopting a rule that the previous question shall
not bo sustained upon any bill or resolution bofore
tho House until two hours' consideration and de-
bate have been had thereon, unless the same shall be
seconded by three fourths of the membors present."
Mr.' HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that tho motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sotro tunnel.
Mr. ALLISON. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the morning hour will now com-
mence, at twelve minutes past twelve o'clock.
The first business in order during the morning
hour to-day is the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 1179) explanatory of the act of
July 25,1800, relating to the Sutro tunnel, upon
which the Committee on Mines and Mining
made an adverse report. Upon this question
the gent'email from New York [Mr. Ferriss]
is entitled to the floor for fifty minutes remain-
ing of his hour. ■
Mr. FERRISS. I yield to my colleague
on the committee, from Michigan, [Mr. Strick-
land.]
The SPEAKER. For how long?
Mr. FERRISS. For ten minutes.
Mr. STRICKLAND. Mr. Speaker, the
question which underlies this report is as to
the propriety of the legislation of this House in
1866; The House then assumed to grant cer-
tain rights to Mr. Sutro and his assigns in rela-
tion to the construction of a tunnel, and it
imposed certain restrictions and obligations
upon the parties who should assume to work
the mines or to take grants from the Govern-
ment under or through which they should pro-
ceed down into the earth for the purpose of
taking from it these precious metals. I sup-
pose it will not be doubted for a moment that
Congress has the power to make these grants.
Then the only remaining question for consid-
eration is as to its propriety. Ought we to-
day to proceed to undo that which was then
granted, done, and performed ?
This minority report now under considera-
tion assumes that this legislation changed con-
tracts entered into by the mining companies
on the one part and this man Sutro and his
assigns on the other part. Now, sir, from this
conclusion I entirely differ, as do the commit-
tee to which the subject was referred. These
contracts remain intact in every part. They
are not infringed in the least. No right secured
by the contracts to the miners is infringed in
any way. They are there with all the rights
they ever had. They have the same privileges
given to them by the terms of the contracts
just as though this legislation had never been
enacted.
The only reference in this legislation to the
contract is this, and it is worthy of consider-
ation : it is referred to for the purpose of fix-
ir-g the price to be paid, and nothing more.
Tho contract between the parties assumed to
say that the miners were willing to give, if the
Sutro tunnel were constructed under the laws
of Nevada, so much money. They had no
reference whatever to this law of Congress.
In the grant given to Sutro Congress said they
should be under obligation to pay, when he
arrived at a certain distance of the mines, such
sum per ton as they had agreed by contract
to pay. Can it be said for a moment this is
unjust ? If the power existed, here is a reason
for the rule. The rule having been found in
the admission of these parties it is now too late
to come here and say to Congress, " You have
gone too far. You have intruded upon our
rights. You have taken from us that which
belonged to us by the words of our contract."
The answer is made that there is no such prop-
osition in the legislation. It is merely to say
you shall pay such a sum as soon as you are
benefited. I say to gentlemen that their argu-
ment is fallacious when they undertake to say
this proposition infringes any right in these
parties, for the contract is as powerful as if
the legislation had not been made. After the
time has expired they have all the remedies
under the contract.
This man Sutro had succeeded in having a
portion of the stock subscribed and had gone
to work to tunnel this mountain. He had pro-
ceeded but a few hundred feet when we find
these parties coming here and asking this law
to be abrogated.- It is believed by many, and
I believe with much truth, that this tunnel
properly constructed will enable parties to take
out of that mountain untold sums of wealth.
It is idle for gentlemen to say this tunnel will
not be beneficial for the purpose of drainage,
because water goae down hill rather than up
and requires power to take it out. These
mining companies say that by an expenditure
of money since this arrangement they have
secured ventilation. But they have done it by
the very plan which the promoters of this tun-
nel proposed, by making a tunnel from one
mine to another; only that this will make a
tunnel that will include every mine, that will
reach them all without any difficulty. Now, the
fallacieain this minority report I desire to point
out in part, not in whole, for my time is limited.
They say that the law as worded supersedes
the contracts. The law only alludes to the
contracts for the purpose of fixing the amount.
It does not extend them in time ; it does not
limit them in. fact. Therefore they stand as
they did before. I think this sufficient for that
point.
The minority of the committee say that the
miuiug owners do not ask to be relieved from
the terms of their contracts. Certainly not. 1
concedc that proposition, because they have
their contracts, and as they made them they
must abide them. If they are wise they will
have the benefit of that wisdom. If they are
improper; if they have made contracts that
are oppressive, they must abide them so far as
the contracts are concerned. But it is not to
be presumed that this is the case, and it is
strange that they should come to us and say
that they made contracts which they cannot
live by. There is no force in the argument
that in 1866 this was all proper and right, and
that in 1870 it was. all improper and wrong.
That kind of logic will not be accepted. There
is no argument in it. It does not cover the
ground that is assumed by the parties here.
We must look for some other motive for this
attempted legislation, and I think in this report
we find a key to the reason why other legisla-
tion is sought. It is here said that these com-
panies have constructed a railroad by which
they can accomplish in part the results that,
were to be accomplished by this tunnel. Be
it so; that was a matter of volition so far as
they were concerned, and ought not, neither
can it, justly affect what this House should tie
in regard to legislation.
It cannot in any sense affect the legislation
which had preceded these acts. They went to
work with their eyes open. They must have
known the consequences and what is huie
alleged is a matter that they cannot urge her •
as a reason that we should go back upon t.ln-
action of this House. They must come heiv
with better arguments and must satisfy us that
the original legislation was wrong. They have
attempted to say it was wrong in this, that they
did not understand it. I take it that we may-
say to gentlemen that they are hard pushed for
arguments when they come to us and say they
did not understand plain legislation. Will the
gentlemen who represented the Pacific States
at the time, some of whom represent those
States in this House now, come to us and say
that the legislationwasnotunderstoodby them,
and that it is found now to mean a different
thing entirely from what they understood and
intended it to mean? Very precarious must
be their position when they assume this ground,
and I take it it is their necessity and not their
judgment which compels them to make this
assumption. The law is plain, clear, and dis-
tinct. There can 'oe no doubt about its con-
struction, and I submit there can be no doubt
about its propriety.
But, says the honorable gentleman who rep-
resents so ably the new and growing State of
Nevada, Congress could not have intended to
give such a monstrous franchise. How shall
the gentleman determine the fact; first, that it
is a monstrous franchise, and second, that Con-
gress did not intend to do it. Congress have
said in plain language what they did intend to
do, and hs^e done it. And I think it is for
the luture to determine whether it is a mon-
strous franchise. The undertaking is agigantic
one, I confess; it is such a tunnel as the world
has never yet known. And if it shall bore that
mountain for six miles two thousand feet be-
low the surface, revealing an amount of wealth
which was never brought to light in this country
