212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 25,
Ho. c® Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Kelley.
41st Cong....2b Sess.
providence of God it required nearly five years of
war to extirpate the national crime of slavery, and
anguish and grief found their way to nearly every
hearth-side in the country before we would recognke
the manhood of the race we had so long oppressed,
it was aUo necessary that we should he involved in
a debt of unparalleled magnitude that we might be
compelled to avail ourselves of the wealth that lies
so freely around us, and by opening markets for well-
rewarded industry make our land, what in theory it
has over been, the refuge of the oppressed of ail
climes. England,ifSupremeselfishness beconsistenfc
with sagacity, has been eminently sagacious in pre-
venting U6 frotu becoming a manufacturing people;
for with our enterprise, our ingenuity, our freer insti-
tutions, the extent of our country, the cheapness of
our land, the diversity of ourresources,the grandeur
of our seas, lakes, and rivers, we should long ago
lia,vo been able to offer her best workmen such
inducements as would have brought them by mil-
lions to help bear our burdons and fight our battles.
"Wo can thus raise tho standard of British and conti-
nental wages and protect American workmen against
ill-paid competition. This we must do if we mean to
maintain tho national honor. Tho fields now under
culture, the houses now existing, the mines now
being worked, tho men we now employ, cannot pay
our debt. To meet its annual interest by taxing our
present population and developed resources would
be to continue an ever-enduring burden.
"The principal of tho debt must be paid; but as it
was contracted for posterity its extinguishment
should not impoverish those who sustained the bur-
dens of tho war. i am not anxious to reduce thetotal
of our debt, and would in this respect follow the
example of England, and as its amount has been
fixed would not for the present trouble myself about
its aggregate except to prevent its increase. My
anxiety is that the taxes it involves shall be as little
oppressive as possible, and be so adjusted that while
defending our industry against foreign assault, they may
add nothing to the cost of those necessaries of life which
toe cannot produce, and for which we must therefore
look to other lands. The raw materials entering into
our manufactures, which we are yet unable to produce,
but on which we unwisely impose duties, I would put into
the free list with tea, cojfec, and other euch purely for-
eian essentials of life, ami would impose duties on com-
modities that compete with Americanproduchons, so as
to protect every feeble or infant branch of industry anil
Quicken those that are robust. 1 would thus cheapen the
element? of life and enable those whose capital is em-
barked in any branch of production to offer such wages to
the skilled tcoi kmcn of all lands us would steadily and
rapidly increase our numbers, and, as is always the case
in the neighborhood of growing cities or towns of con-
Hi'ferablc extent, increase the return for farm labor,'
thin policy would open new mines and quarries, build
new furnaces, forges, and factories, and rapidly in-
crease the taxable property and taxable inhabitants
otUie country.
" Let us pursue for twenty years thesound national
policy ot protection, and wo will doublo our popula-
tion and more tban quadruple our capital and re-
duce our indebtedness per capita and per acre to
littlo more than a nominal sum. Thus each man
can without moneys' pay the bulk of his portion
ot tho debt by blessing others with the ability to
bear an honorable burden."
My views on these points have undergone
no change, and I cannot more aptly describe
the bill before the committee, in general terms,
than I thus did more than four years ago.
tiie defects of tiie present tariff and the rkm-
iidins suggested by the xew bill.
Why not maintain the existing tariff, and
wherein does the bill submitted by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means differ from it?
Several gentlemen have propounded these
questions, and I now propose to answer them
briefly andrapidly. The existing law is crude
and contains many incongruous provisions.
It is not in accord with the theory of the free-
trader or the protectionist. It imposes the
heaviest duties on articles of common consump-
tion that we cannot produce. Thus, on chalk,
not an inch ot which has, so far as I have heard,
been discovered in our country, it imposes a
duty of 833J per cent. It is bought at from
70 cents to $1 50 per ton, and the duty is $10.
This onerous duty is not protective. We have
no chalk-fields, and produce no substitute for
it. It is therefore simply a tax, and one that
everybody feels ; the boy at his game of mar-
bles, or before the blackboard in school, the
housewife when she cleans her silver or bri-
tannia ware, and the farmer in the cost of putty
for his windows. The new bill puts chalk on
the free list.
Mr. ALLISON. Have we not increased the
t duty on putty, which enters into use in the
j house of every citizen in the land?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir: and why did we
do it ? All our western farmers are raising
wheat, and many of them ean find no market
for their crop, and this bill, it ishoped, will, if it
become a law, indnee some of them to produce
otherthings. Weimportimmense amounts of
linseed and castor-oil, and the majority of the
committee hoped that by raising the doty on
these oils, ana those which may be substituted
for them, it would induce some of them to
raise flax and manufacture the oil. Again, we
import great quantities of goods made of flax
and substitutes for it, and we hoped that bet-
ter duties on the oil and on these fabrics might
lead to the establishment of linen and other
mills in the interior. And as linseed-oil is the
ingredient of chief value in putty, we raised the
duty on it to correspond with that on oil. We
hope thus to secure to every citizen good and
cheap putty, made of free chalk and American-
grown oil.
the allegation tsat we protect our manufac-
tures by duties averaging forty per cent. is
not true.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to call attention to
tho unfairness, unintentional of course, of the
statement of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] that the existing tariff gives
protection equal to an average of 41.2 per cent.
That is the percentage of duties on the aggre-
gate of our imports, and he will hardly claim
that the duty of over 833 per cent, on chalk is
protective of any of our industries.
Again, we collect a duty of 300 per cent,
on pepper. Why should black pepper pay 300
per cent. ? Do we grow it anywhere in this
country ? Is this duty protective of any of our
industries ? You pay 5 cents a pound for pep-
per and the tariff imposes a duty of 15 cents,
gold, equal to 300 per cent., and the gentle-
man includes this in his average of protective
duties. Do we grow cloves or clove-stems in
any part of the country? Is the duty on them
protective? It is on cloves 355 per cent, and
on clove-stems 38S per cent., and yet the gen-
tleman also includes these with his protective
duties. I think gentlemen perceive by this
time what I meant when I said that many of
the provisions of the present tariff are incon-
gruous. While many of them are high enough
for protection they are countervailed by higher
duties on raw materials that we cannot pro-
duce, and which rival nations admit free or
under very low duties.
I shall not attempt to bring all such incongru-
ities to the attention of the committee, but beg
leave to allude to a few more. On cayenne pep-
per, the duty is 303 per cent.; on allspice, 376 J
per cent.; on nutmegs, 188 J per cent.; on crude
camphor, 113 per cent.; on saltpeter, 77f per
cent.; on varnish gums, none of which are pro-
duced in this eonntry, 80 per cent.; on tea, the
laborer's refreshing drink, 78 J per cent.: on cof-
fee, 47i} per cent. I could largely extend this list
of duties, each of which is a tax on some article
of common consumption not produced in the
country, and to that extent a bonus to our com-
petitors. I am in favor of making all such arti-
cles free; and the committee has reduced the
duties on them or put them on the free list.
When this shall be done the gentleman from
New York can calculate the percentage and find
that our duties will compare favorably with
those imposed by England and Franco.
duties which xekd readjustment.
Another serious fault of the existing law is
that so many of its duties are ad valorem.
Dishonest men take advantage of this and have
goods invoiced below the proper value, and
thus not only defraud the Government, but do
wrong to both the home manufacturer and the
honest importer. This system of duties has
much to do with the decline of American com-
merce. The large temptation to defraud the
Government by undervaluation has caused
great houses abroad to establish agencies here
and to refuse to sell directly to an American
purchaser. This' is so with all the Sheffield
steel-makers and most of the continental silk
houses. In this waiy the frauds of the steel-
makers and silk manufacturers have been
enortoous, amounting to ma y millions of dol-
lars. The new bill substitutes Specific duties
wherever it is practicable.
The duties now collected on alcoholic prep-
arations, and those in the production of which
Spirits are used, such as quinine, chloroform,
collodion, &e., are now much too high, having
been adjusted to the tax of $2 per gallon on
distilled spirits. The new bill adjusts them to
the lower tax now collected.
Many of the existing duties are so high as to
defeat all their legitimate objects and deprive
the Government of all revenue. This is espe-
cially true of spices. It was in evidence from
many sources that these are imported into
New York or San Francisco and immediately
shipped in bond to the British provinces,
whence they are smuggled back. The bill of
the committee proposes such reductions of
the duties as will probably give the Govern -
mcnt a handsome revenue while cheapening
them to the consumer. The value to the coun-
try of the changes proposed cannot fail to b«
very great.
the present law should be revised, not over-
thrown.
Would that I could impress upon the House
my estimate of the value to the country of
these changes. I am discussing the bill in no
spirit of partisan ship. In urging its accept-
ance I am pleading the cause of the farmer
and laborer, as I conscientiously believe that
it will, if adopted, increase the purchasing
power, the exchangeable value of every bushel
of grain grown and hour of labor performed
in our country. I have no general condemna-
tion for the existing law. It needs revision,
but should not be overthrown. As a revenue
^measure it has exceeded the anticipations of
its friends and the most earnest friends of the
Government. It yielded for the year ending
June 30,18G7, $176,417,810; for the year end-
ing June 30, 1868, $104,464,599 56; and for
theyearending June 30,1869, $180,084,456 63;
and no preceding tariff produced results com-
parable to these.
And, sir, notwithstanding these faults it has
been of great value as a protective measure.
By its protective influence it has added much
to the power of the country and the prosperity
of the people. Under it our production of pig
iron has been more than doubled, as I have
already shown, and its production has been
extended into new and large fields in States
where it was previously unknown. Thus has
increased value been given to all the land in those
States ; the increase being equal to the addition
of the value of the mineral lands to that of
the agricultural surface; and more than that,
it has provided a market in the neighborhood
of each furnace, in which articles can be sold
which would not bear transportation to distant
points or foreign lands. The farmers of Iowa
and Minnesota now produce for sale little of
anything else than wheat and wool for export-
ation to the sea-board States or elsewhere.
When manufactories are built or mines opened,
villages spring up and create a market for roots,
as potatoes and turnips, the productions of the
garden and the orchard, and for hay, by which
the western farmer will be relieved from the
necessity of growing successive crops of wheat
to the exhaustion of the soil. These villages
also afford a market for lamb, veal, eggs, and
all the thousand things that come in as subsid-
iary sources of income even to those who farm
on a great scale. Thus have many farmers felt
the protective influence of the existing tariff,
as well as in the stimulus it has given to im-
migration, and the addition-of the mineral to
the agricultural value of immense bodies of
land in almost every State ; and while endeav-
