1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
the other point, that the Interior Department
does not distribute all these documents.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. £ mave to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. I am opposed to the amendment of the
gentlemen from Illinois because I think it
would cut off the transmission of many of our
public documents. Now, there is such a thing
as carrying economy too far. We have onr
Agricultural Departmenthere, and in the pub-
lications of that Department the farming peo-
ple of the West are more interested than in
any other publications made by the Govern-
ment. This appropriation, as I understand it,
is in part intended to cover the folding of these
documents, and if this motion prevails, there
can be nt> folding of these documents, and
hence this information cannot be transmitted
to the people. I do not think the people
demand any such economy as this. They
want this information. If we are to cut off
the printing of these reports and the _ trans-
mission of them we may as well abolish the
Departments themselves. The people do not
desire that they shall be cat off from all sources
of information as to what is being done in the
Departments. They are established for the
people, and we must appropriate whatis neces-
sary to give them the knowledge they demand.
Mr. LOGAN. I think we are becoming
wise beyond that which is written, and certainly
our economy is carrying us beyond that which
is proven. Now, I would like to know if the
abolition of the franking privilege necessarily
deprives ns of the right of communicating with
our constituents or deprives them of the benefit
they may derive from that which is published
for their benefit. I do not suppose there is
any one here but what expects, if the sugges-
tions of the Postmaster General are to be car-
ried out in the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege, that his suggestions in other respeets
will be carried out. What were they ? He
suggests that a sufficient appropriation should
be made of money in lieu of the franking priv-
ilege. It is only the abuses of the franking
privilege that he professes to be trying to stop.
Now, if the franking privilege is stopped there
must necessarily be some means resorted to
by which our constituents will have communi-
cation with the Departments and with Congress.
If this amount is too much to pay for folding
documents, then reduce it; but do not strike it
oat altogether upon the theory that the frank-
ing privilege has been abolished7 because there
is no connection between the two. Some mem-
ber here has stated that members of Congress
should pay'for their own speeches and for their
folding. I do not know whether our constitu-
ents know it, but every member of Congress
knows that all the speeches and documents of
that character furnished to onr constituents
are paid for by the individual members. Con-
gress does not pay one cent for the publication
of such things.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to correct my
colleague, [Mr. Logan,] because I suppose
he refers to me.
Mr. LOGAN. Not at all; I alluded to no
one in particular, unless the cap fits.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I want to correct
an error in the statement of my colleague.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The House pays for
the envelopes and folding.
Mr. LOGAN. I was talking aboot the
speeches, and not about envelopes and fold-
ing. I stated that the impression seemed to
exist that Congress paid for the speeches. Now
the fact is that the people of this countiy do
not pay one cent for the printing of any of the
documents which members of Congress send
to them, except for those which are published
by order of Congress. The others are paid
for out of the private means of members; the
people do not pay one cent for printing speeches
or anything of the kind. Bat J rose merely
to make this statement so that the impression
might be corrected, which seems to exist. This
kind of demagoging all the time in regard to
economy, when it is no economy, I do not
believe in at all. I think we should at least
have independence enough to do that which
we think is right toward ourselves as well as
toward the country.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to make a
suggestion.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr; MAYNARD. Our constituents all over
the country have petitioned us very numer-
ously to abolish the franking privilege as a
great abuse.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Whatobjection will there
be to allowing public documents to be sent
without postage being prepaid, and allow the
postage to be paid at the other end of the line?
Mr. LOGAN. I am not discussing that prop-
osition at all, because it is not now before us;
I am discussing only that which is before us
for consideration.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, withdrew his
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I renew it, for the pur-
pose of correcting an erroneous impression
which may go abroad.
Mr, DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. DAWES. My point of order is that
debate is .exhausted on this amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The amendment was
withdrawn and I renewed it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman cannot with-
draw his amendment and then renew it for the
purpose of debate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have not done so. I
have Bimply renewed an amendment to the
amendment which was made and withdrawn by
the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilson.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ingersoll] moved an amendment; the gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wilson] moved
an amendment to the amendment, to strike out
the last word, for the purpose of debate. Then,
he withdrew the amendment to the. amendment
after debate, and the gentleman from Illinois
proposes to renew it. If that is objected to
the Chair will rule that he cannot do so.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, to strike out next
to. the last word. How will that dot ?
The CHAIRMAN. . That will be in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I move that
amendment to the amendment. As I was
about to say, I wish that a correct impression
should go out in regard to the printing of the
speeches of members. As I understand it, the
paper upon which those speeches are printed
as well as the cost of printing are paid for by
the members themselves. But the folding of
those speeches and the envelopes in which they
are placed are paid for out of the contingent
fund of the House. That is a part of the bur-
den which the people bear—a very trifling part
I admit.
Now my colleague [Mr. Logan] inquires if
the people are to be deprived of the documents
printed for them by order of Congress, even
if the franking privilege is abolished ? I say
not; but I object to the whole system of dis-
tributing public documents as it now exists in
this country. I think it should be reformed,
and I made the motion to strike out this clause
for that purpose. I want the system reformed
and put upon something like the footing in
England at the present time. The English
system, as I understand it, is something like
this: if any one desires a public document he
' writes to the Department having charge of the
document^ and is furnished with it at cost price.
Therefore, if nine hundred men or two thou-
; sand men in a district want an agricultural
! report, for instance, I would let them have it
I upon payiag fifty cents per copy. • In that way
those who do not want that report will not be
taxed to pay for publishing it.
Mr. LOGAN. Will my colleague allow me
to ask him one question ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to know how
cmany speeches of my colleague or of myself
would be sent to our constituents if they had
to pay for them?
Mr. INGERSOLL. None. [Laughter.] I
was not talking about my colleague's speeches
or my own. I do not believe my constituents
woald send for either; they are too sensible
for that.
But I was speaking of the distribution of the
public documents. Of the agricultural report,
for instance, each member is allowed seven
hundred and fifty copies for distribution. Con-
sequently one voter ordinarily in about twenty
or thirty gets a copy of the report, if he takes
the trouble to address a note to his Represent-
ative making the request. All the other peo-
ple of the district, who contribute to the
expense of printing and distributing this docu-
ment, get no benefit whatever. In my view
the system, ought to be so changed that all
public documents printed by order of thi3
Government shall be furnished at the actual
cost price to everybody applying for them.
Mr. LOGAN. Will my colleague allow me
to make right here one suggestion, which is in
the line of his argument?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose that in printing a
Certain number of copies of a public docu-
ment—for instance, the agricultural report—
to be sent for by our constituents and purchased
by them at the cost price, we should print a
surplus, a greater number than our constitu-
ents want; or suppose, on the other hand, we
should fail to print as many as would be sent
for; how would the gentleman arrange that
matter ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will answer my col-
league with much pleasure. In the first place,
I do not propose that we shall print a surplus.
There is no reason why a surplus should be
printed. All these documents, after being put
in type, arestereotyped; and therefore we might
print, for instance, one thousand copies, and
after they were exhausted another thousand,
and soon. After the matter had been stereo-
typed there would be no expense in furnish-
ing copies, except for presswork, paper, and
binding.
Mr. ROOTS. How would the cost be ascer-
tained ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. By calculating the cost
of the material and the labor as the work pro-
ceeded•
Mr. ROOTS. It would cost very much more
per copy to print five hundred copies than ten
thousand.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well; let the doc-
ument be furnished at cost, whatever it might be.
, [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAFLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman yield
to me one minute, that I may make a single
additional statement?
Mr. LAFLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. INGERSOLL. My colleague [Mr.
Logan] suggests that there is to be an appro-
priation to furnish postage-stamps as a sort of
substitute for the franking privilege.
$Ir. LOGAN. No, sir; Iaay the Postmas-
ter General makes that suggestion.-
Mr. INGERSOLL, I beg my colleague s
par do o. . But from whomever the suggestion
may come I am against it. If the franking
% privilege is to be abolished as an economica
measure demanded by the exigencies of tne
times and the country, then, sir, it would o
an insult to our constituents if, after voting to
the abolition of the franking privilege,
should, as an equivalent, make an aPPr0P"®
tion for stamps to be furnished to memb
and the various Departments.
