5002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
exclusive right, they have fixed the royalty per
ton, and any one can establish works at any
place he sees proper on paying that-royalty.
The idea that it is to be confined in a partic-
ular locality is all wrong, because works are
established at Troy ; works were established at
Wyandotte, as I have stated ; works are estab-
lished at Harrisburg; tliey are being established
at Johnstown, at Pittsburg, at Phccuixville,
and many otlierplaces; and experiments prove
that the ores of the Iron mountain, in Missouri,
the Lake Superior ores, ores in Pennsylvania,
ores in Maine, ores in, I think, some ten or
eleven States, especially in Alabama, Ken-
tucky, and Tennessee, are well adapted to the
manufacture of Bessemer steel.
And now, having given this history of it,
what has been its result? As already stated,
the rails which cost $150 in gold when these
manufactories were first established can now
be had at, I believe, seventy-five dollars a ton
in gold in this country, and we have the fact
presented that the men interested in the rail-
roads of this country have asked for a duty of
two cents per pound upon these rails when it
is fixed in this bill at a cent and a half.
Some of these men I know are interested in
this process; but I have here, and if my five
minutes permitted me to read it I would read
a letter of Jay Gould, who ought to be some
authority on railroad questions, and a letter of
Abraham S. Hewitt, another eminent author-
ity on all questions of that kind, both stating
that it is the policy and the duty of the Amer-
ican Government to encourage this manufac-
ture, so that cheap rails may be obtained for
the purpose of laying the railroads of this coun-
try; and we have the fact to-day that these
rails, which outwear in life, as the railroad
men term it, ion sets of iron rails, can be pur-
chased in the United States at only thirty per
cent, exceeding the cost of iron rails, so that
it is economy in every respect for us to keep
on this duty, so that these manufacturers may
be encouraged.
it requires time, as the Senator from Ohio
lias well said. The fuel, for instance, with
which iron must be made to make Bessemer
steel must be free from sulphur. They have
to experiment to get the fuel. The proper
fluxes with which to melt the iron must be
obtained, and the proper mode of constructing
the furnaces must be ascertained by experi-
ment. We are so far through with that exper-
iment, as 1 have said, that steel rails can be
purchased at only thirty per cent, over iron
rails; and now shall we at this point refuse to
allow a duty which will permit them to live?
Shall we put it at a rate where they will, as I
am assured by gentlemen who are connected
with this industry, be all crushed out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
compelled to say that the Senator's time is up.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator who has just taken his seat what is the
royally that is charged by the holders of these
patents?
Mr. SCOTT. I cannot give you the cxact
royalty.
Mr. THURMAN. IIa3 the Senator no idea
oil that subject?
Mr. SCOTT. I have not. I am sorry that
I did not make further inquiry, this question
having been settled in committee without a
word being said on the subject. I have been
in conversation with a gentleman who can give
ine that information, and I shall, if the contest
goes over into the Senate, endeavor to give
that information to the Senator from Ohio;
but these gentlemen say they desired that these
works shall be established all over the coun-
try 
Mr. THURMAN. No doubt about that, if
they get plenty of royally.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will permit me to finish the sentence. They
aie not only anxious to do that, but they say
that the rate at which it is fixed is such that
if these furnaces are permitted to continue for
five years longer the price of steel rails will be
down below iron rails.
Mr. THURMAN. The next thing I should
like to know, if my friend can tell me, is
whether the persons who hold these patents
are stockholders or interested in the Pennsyl-
vania railroad?
Mr. SCOTT. I will also answer that ques-
tion. I think there are three persons inter-
ested in the Pennsylvania Railroad Company,
so far as I know, who were interested in one
establishment—not in the patent, but in one
establishment—located at Freedom, in Penn-
sylvania, for the purpose of manufacturing this
steel; but since they went into that operation
their works have closed, and they are to day
being sold out by the assignees for the benefit
of creditors; and that establishment paid a
royalty to these gentlemen.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President, let
us look at this business. We have here the
same old story over again. Whenever a most
oppressive duty is laid on an article we are told
that if it be not laid somebody in this country
will have to stop business.
Mr. SCIIURZ. Will the Senator from Ohio
permit me a minute? He asked a question
about the royalty. The least royalty on Bes-
semer rails is five dollars in gold per ton.
Mr. THURMAN. Now we have this same
story over again. Here is a proposition to
levy a duty of $33 00 per ton on these rails.
If that duty does not increase the price of the
rails to that extent, or near that extent, there
is no use in levying it at all for the purposes of
protection, although there might be for pur-
poses of revenue. If it does not increase the
price there is no use in levying if. You go,
then, on the theory that it does increase the
priee. It will not do to say—it is the old story
I have heard ever since I was a child, and the
action of every man who seeks protection com-
pletely refutes it—that by your high protective
duty yon lessen prices. That thing will not
do to tell the Senate any more in the face of
the fact that every manufacturer here is craving
protection in order that he may increase prices.
Now, sir, what is the effect? We laid last
year, as I have it from authority on which I
can rely, five thousand miles of rails in the
United States; and 1 am assured on the same
authority that we shall lay more than five thou-
sand miles of rails this year. What is the duty
on five thousand miles of rail? If they use
seventy-pound rails it would be one hundred
and ten tons to the mile; but taking it at one
hundred tons to the mile, you have for your
five thousand miles of rail five hundred thou-
sand tons, and the duty on that would make
$10,800,000 at this rate of §33 GO. Thus,
nearly seventeen million dollars a year is to be
added to the expense of creating these great
highways which are so essential to all the peo-
ple of the country, and which lessen the cost
of everything we have to consume, and which
enable everybody who has anything to sell to
convey it more easily to market. What com-
plaints we heard lately 
Mr. STEWART rose.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg my friend nut to
interrupt me.
Mr. STEWART. I will not interrupt the
Senator ; but I rose to ask whether he has made
a calculation as to the tracks relaid?
Mr. THURMAN. This year five thousand
miles of rail a,re laid.
Mr. STEWART. Of now railroad?
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot say as to that;
I am not ablo to answer. If the old rails that
are relaid are to be put down also that would
increase it.
Mr. STEWART. I supposed so,
Mr. THUR.MAN. I do not know how that
matter is; hut I am told that five thousand
miles of rail were laid in the year 1809, and
that this present year that number will he in-
creased. The duty on that, as I have said, is
nearly seventeen million dollars. I am told
further that the amount of railroad authorized
by Congress and by the States, and which will
be completed, or it is supposed will be com-
pleted within the next five years, equals twenty-
five thousand miles. - If that is the case, it is
proposed to impose an additional cost by this
duty of more than eighty million dollars.
Now, I ask in all conscience if there is any
business in this country that requires higher
protection than the present duty on these rails
of forty-five per cent.? Are the people of this
country to be taxed more than forty-five per
cent, in order to build up, as it is said, some
industry here, under this most delusive of all
delusive ideas, that by taxing all the people
here in order to put money into the pockets
of men eugaged in an unprofitable enterprise
you can some time or other reduce the price?
Twenty-five years ago and more I heard that;
and yet the men who cried then for protection
in order that they might produce competition
and lower prices are here this day, at the end
of twenty-five years, as clamorous for pro-
tection as they were then. I suppose my five
minutes are about out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I am sorry for it, for I
should like to say a good deal more on this
subject.
the PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomekoy.]
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say one word
about that, with the indulgence of the Senate.
I will vote for the proposition of the Senator
from Kansas as an amendment to this clause ;
but then I shall vote still to strike out the
whole thing, because $22 40 a toil is higher
than the present duty of forty-five per cent.
The Senator from Pennsylvania says these
rails once sold for $150 a ton, but he does not
tell us how the price decreased in England.
The price was not brought down by the Amer-
ican manufacturer at all; on the contrary, tho
fact is, that the process of making Bessemer
rails was a failure, time and time and time
again ; and it was only after a vast outlay in
England that it was brought to perfection, and
the moment it was brought to perfection that
moment the price wont down, and the price
went down in England just as much as it went
down here.
Mr. SCOTT. Then I understand the Sen-
ator's position to be that he wishes us to take
all from England and not go on protecting our
people by experiment just as the English did.
Mr. THURMAN. You have no perfection
that is not already attained in England. That
is the truth of it.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, so far from
there being only three or four persons inter-
ested in these factories, as was stated by the
Senator from South Carolina, the fact is that
there are at least one hundred or one hundred •
and filly stockholders connected with the steel
works at Harrisburg alone, and they have been
in operation about three years, or at least it is
three years since their buildings were com-
menced, and they have never divided a cent.
I uey have spent, 1 think, about two million
dollars, and the stockholders have never had a
dollar of dividends yet. They have been mak-
ing these experiments for the benefit of the
public. So far from the price having fallen in
England from their own competition there the
truth is that the prices of England have fallen
because of the competition from this country.
Men ot intelligence who saw in the distance
that this work would at some time hereafter be
profitable, invested very large sums of money,
feo far they have had no profit, but they hope
to have a profit finally, and they will, I trust,
after a time, it you give them this protection.
1 know they cannot proceed without some
such protection. I have no interest personally
in this manufacture; indeed my persoual inter-
ests are adverse to theirs, for whatever interest
_1 have in hoii—and that is not a great deal-
is iii the making of iron rails; and the steel
and iron establishments are in close proximity.
