1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
Mr. NEGLEY. The gentleman lias made
a great many statements of fact. Is he pre-
pared to substantiate all those statements?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think I am.
Mr. NEGLEY. If the gentleman will sus-
tain bis statements by the proof I will agree
to distribute in my district at my own expense
fifty thousand copies of his speeches. [Laugh-
tgr, 1
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the House will grant
me the time, I will give all the facts in my
possession.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAFL1N. I rise to oppose pro forma
the amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, for the purpose of stating to the House
the manner in which the Interior Department
distributes these executive and miscellaneous
documents. The usual number of documents
printed, without any order for extra copies, is
sixteen hundred. Of these sixteen hundred
copies, four hundred and twenty of Senate
documents and four hundred and seventy of
House documents are sent to the librarian of
the Interior Department; and it is his duty,
upon the direction of each member of Con-
gress, to send bound copies to some library
in the district which he represents. If any
member fails to give such direction, these
hooks are forwarded in accordance with the
direction of the last preceding member, or the
last who gave the necessary direction. If any
member desires to direct how these documents
shall be distributed in his district it is his duty
to send a notification to the Interior Depart-
ment; otherwise, the documents are sent
according to the direction of some former
member of Congress.
Mr. McKENZIE. Mr. Chairman, I should
like to say to the House that our old Com-
monwealth of Virginia, and, indeed, the whole
South, have had no documents for nine years,
and I hope we shall be regarded a little in
these matters. We are willing to go with the
Committee on Appropriations and the House
when they propose saving millions, but these
'' fippenny-bit'' measures are carrying matters
to an extreme. Let the people of the South
have some few of the public documents. We
have had none for nine years. We are offered
some hundred copies of the report of 1861, but
I believe we now live in 1870.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DAWES. While the House is in this
mood I ask unanimous consent to go back to
page 4 and to move to reduce the appropria-
tion for the Senate for folding documents and
materials therefor from $20,000 to $10,000.
There was no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For horses and carriages for the transportation
of mails and for the use of messengers, $10,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to re-
duce that appropriation from $10,000 to
$5,000.
Mr. DAWES. This is for the purpose of
the transmission of th  mails, for the conven-
ience of the members, and the amendment will
only have the effect to cramp and incommode
them. I make no objection to it if other mem-
bers do not object.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For miscellaneous items, $55,000.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to reduce the appro-
priation from $55,000 to $20,000. In the same
item for the Senate we made a reduction from
$30,000 to $10,000. In reply to an inquiry
made by the gentleman who offered that amend-
ment in reference to the Senate, the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations informed
us that this was probably intended for soap,
brushes, towels, &c. After he had run through
with all that could conduce to the comforts of
the members of the House, with the lighting,
guarding, sweeping, and attending to theHouse,
it was supposed that some other things might
be needed, and therefore this miscellaneous
item was put in for the Senate at $30,000 and
for the House at $55,000. Now, if $10,000
be sufficient to keep the Senate in a cleanly
condition, then I cannot see why more than
twenty thousand dollars are needed for the
House. We reduced the appropriation for the
Senate two thirds, and certainly there should
be no objection to the reduction I propose for
the House. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations what kind of items
are intended to be included under this miscel-
laneous appropriation ?
Mr. DAWES. I had a copy here last even-
ing of the statement of expenditures on account
of this appropriation, giving all the items which
I have heretofore mentioned. Those items are
provided for under this miscellaneous appro-
priation, and besides those the expenses of
investigating committees, and contested-elec-
tion cases. There is now a deficiency arising
from investigating committees, and from the
Election Committee of $30,000 over what was
appropriated for the present contingent fund of
the House of Representatives. The contingent
fund of the House is never sufficient to meet
these expenses, and the largest are those I
have stated. Since I have been in Congress
there have been paid something like one hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand dollars to per-
sons whom the House have decided have had
no right to a seat at all on the floor, and this
sum has been paid out of the contingent fund ;
but I will not consume any more of the gen-
tleman's time.
Mr. AXTELL. It is assumed on all hands
that this appropriation is for the coming year.
It is to be paid when there will not be so many
contested-election cases as there have been
during this year. Now, I have observed that
the contestant failing to get the seat always
comes here and applies for compensation; and
I am sorry to say that while the friends of gen-
tlemen on the other side have voted compen-
sation to their friends, in some cases compen-
sation has been denied to our friends on this
side of the House. But I dislike that these
expenses should come in under the head of
miscellaneous items. It opens the door too
wide. If it is needed for the purpose of con-
tested seats here and for the expenses of trav-
eling committees throughout the country, I am
certain the sum is entirely too small; but if it
be for such purpose it should be designated in
the appropriation bill by name, that it is for
the expenses in contested-election cases, and
for the expenses of investigating committees
who have gone to the Pacific coast or to New
Orleans or elsewhere. If such expenses are
to be paid by this House they should be stated
by name, and not put under the head of mis-
cellaneous items. I hope my amendment will
be adopted. In all fairness, after having
reduced the expenses of the Senate in this
regard, we ought not to refuse to restrict our
own.
Mr. DAWES. Of the present contingent
fund about one seventh has been expended for
the following items: ice, pitchers, tumblers,
brushes, brooms, mats, towels, sponges, can-
dles, buckets, baskets, and the like; for wind-
ing and repairing clocks, for purchasing books
for the House Library, and for freight and
express charges. These make up one seventh
of the whole. The balance, six sevenths of it,
has been upon the direct order of the House
of Representatives, for paying the expenses
of contested elections, and for the payment of
those persons whom the House has decided
have no right to the seats they have claimed,
and for the payment of those investigating com-
mittees which, in obedience to the order of the
House, have from time to time visited differ-
ent parts of the country.
If the House thinks such committees have
gone into extravagant expenditures for unne-
cessary travel, or have undertaken unneces-
sary examinations or investigations, it is within
the power of the House at any moment to
rescind the order under which they are acting,
or to prevent any further expenditure to the
amount of a single dollar; but the commit-
tees go on these journeys by the order of the
House. Their accounts are submitted to the
Committee on Accounts, and no one of them
is paid out of the contingent fund except
upon the indorsement of the Committee on
Accounts. When a committee asks to be
instructed to go to New York or Philadelphia,
or anywhere else in this country, to make an
investigation, it is because the House gives
them that order and instructs them to go there
that they go. I do not think they expend
more money than is necessary to cnftble them
to fulfill the order of the House; but I do
think the House has been too liberal in send-
ing them on such missions. During this last
long vacation some of the committees went a
great way. So far as I have seen their accounts
I do not think any of them have been extrav-
agant in the expenditures they have incurred
in fulfilling the orders of the House. I may
wonder why the House thought it necessary
to send them across the continent on such
missions, but I do not think any of them have
gone to greater expense than the Committee
on Accounts is justified in sanctioning.
The question was put on Mr. Axtei.l's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For newspapers and stationery for members and
Delegates, at ?125 each per annum, $31,250; and for
stationery for committees, $10,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "committees" the words
"and officers of the House."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
offer an amendment to this paragraph which
touches the most sensitive portion of the or-
ganization of this House, and that is thepocket3
of members. I have observed here that with
entire sangfroid members can cut off appropri-
ations for outsiders with as much sang froid in
fact as that with which the surgeon cuts off some-
body else's leg. But when there is a proposition
to touch ourselves,I observe that gentlemen
are very prompt to fling at each other personal
accusations and to apply, as one gentleman at
least did, the term " demagogue."
Mr. DAWES. I am so delighted to hear my
friend that it is with reluctance I call him to
order. The point of order is that there is no
amendment pending on which the gentleman
can speak.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move to strike out
"$125" and to insert " $50," and to strike
out "$31,250" and insert " $12,500so that
the clause will read:
For newspapers and stationery for members and
Delegates, at fifty dollars each per annum, $12,500;
and for stationery for committees, $10,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will an amend-
ment to that be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. After the gentleman
from New York has occupied his five minutes.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose my five minutes
begin now, as I was out of order before mov-
ing the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not so
construe it. The gentleman has three and a
half minutes left.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I will try to say what I
have to say in three and a half minutes. We
are now asked to appropriate to ourselves $125
each for newspapers and stationery for the
short session. I will not say anything of this
House, but I am told that members of former
Houses, which we are at liberty to condemn,
have been to a considerable extent accustomed
to take this in the form of money, and put it
in their pockets, under the pretext that they
can buy their stationery to more advantage
somewhere else, while at the same time they
