2172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
the ground that the Government was not in a
condition either to advance $5,000,000 of
money out of the Treasury or to pledge its faith
for that amount. Hence, I was opposed to the
feature of the bill embracing that proposition.
The majority of the sub-committee reported to
the committee in favor of the bill; and a major-
ity of the committee reported favorably to the
House,myfriendfrom Kentucky, [Mr. Knott,]
the chairman of the committee, (Mr. Higby,)
and myself being the only dissenters. On the
final report to the House the committee stood
six in favor of the bill and three against it.
That bill, so far as I know, never came up in
the House. But, sir, Mr. Sutro at that time
came before the committee with the indorse-
ment of the Legislature of Nevada, with reso-
lutions complimentary of himself, with a peti-
tion urging Congress in the most earnest
terms to pledge the national faith in aid of
this tunnel. The measure was pressed upon
Congress, so far as it was pressed at all, by all
the power that Nevada <;ould concentrate in
support of it. The law of 1868 had already
been passed the year before ; and this applica-
tion of the Legislature of Nevada was founded
upon the legislation of 1866.
Well, sir, yesterday we had an extraordinary
spectacle on this floor, when the only Repre-
sentative of the State of Nevada denounced
that legislation in the most violent manner
as improper and dishonest. The act of 1866
looked to the commencement of the greatest
work of internal improvement that has ever
been contemplated in the State ol Nevada.
It was legislation which was calculated to
develop her mineral resources to a greater
extent than anything else that has been pro-
posed. This legislation was yesterday de-
nounced on this floor by the Representative
of the State of Nevada as dishonest and cor-
rupt. Now, Mr. Speaker, I say that my elo-
quent friend from Nevada, in opposing this
bill, manifestly docs not represent the State
of Nevada. He says that he does not repre-
sent the "bank ring." I do not know that
anybody charges him with doing so. But ho
does not represent the State of Nevada, or else
the documents which we had before our com-
mittee for a whole year were forgeries.
Mr. FITCH. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] allow me to ask him
a question?
Mr. WOODWARD. No, sir; I have no
time to spare.
Mr. Speaker, this argument addressed to us
by the Representative from Nevada founds
itself on one single legal objection, to wit, that
Mr. Sutro did not commence his tunnel within
the time stipulated in the contracts with the
companies. When the gentleman was urging
this point, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Van
Trump] put to him a most pregnant question,
whether that was not a question for the courts
rather than for Congress? Certainly, sir, it is
,i question for the courts. When these com-
panies are called upon under their contracts
iet them take whatever advantage they can of
this quibble. But then they will meet as one
of the facts bearing on this question the tele-
grams that were sent to New York and to this
city to hinder and delay the work beyond the
iime within xvhich they themselves had stipu-
lated it should be commenced. Sutro was
bound under the contract to commence his
work in 1867. Owing to pecuniary embarrass-
ments he wanted more time, as is so frequently
the case witli railroads and canals and all great
works of internal improvement. He applied
to these companies to give him more time. They
agreed to extend his time one year, which would
be until September, 1868. Before that year
was up, to wit, in January—we have the tele-
' gram here before us—we find the representa-
tives of these very companies 
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman, I hope, will
yield for explanation. Only a few companies
agreed to extend the time.
Mr. WOODWARD. As I am informed, the
very companies who did agree, or some of
them, joined in this telegram repudiating that
extension, and that six months before the time
had expired to which they had extended it.
They complain, through their Representative
upon this floor, that Mr. Sutro did not com-
mence his work in time. I say when that
question gets into the courts and becomes a
judicial question these other facts will bear on
this question, and the judge or chancellor will
ask, if time is the essence of the contract, the
other party, "How have you treated that ques-
tion?'' If it be found that they have thrown
obstructions in the way of Mr. Sutro, preju-
diced the money market against him, and em-
barrassed him at every step of his progress,
the equity of this special technical defense will
not be very impressive. There is not much in
that. If this House is going to legislate on this
judicial question I insist on it that these ques-
tions of tact which the gentleman intimates I
have not stated correctly, bearing on the ques-
tion whether time be the essence of the con-
tract, shall be investigated by the' House ; that
we shall go into them in order to act intelli-
gently on this judicial question. But what is
better is to defeat this bill, as the committee
recommend us to do, and leave these parties
under these contracts to their legal rights, as
they shall be adjudicated in the courts.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if this law of 1866 had
not been passed when we were deliberating on
this subject in 1867, most assuredly that com-
mittee would have been almost unanimously
in favor of such a law.
A word more. What is this lav/? The Gov-
ernment is lord paramount of these mineral
lands ; not only the lord paramount,^ but the
political sovereign of the soil. Now, in Penn-
sylvania, from the earliest settlement of that
State, the sovereign has always reserved to
itself one fifth of all gold or silver at the pit's
mouth.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. WOODWARD. I should like to have
five minutes more.
Mr. FERRISS. It is impossible for mo to
yield further, as my time has all been farmed
out. I should otherwise be glad to yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I ask unanimous consent.
Mr. SARGENT. I object.
Mr. FERRISS. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Michigan.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, I have lying be-
fore me a joint memorial and resolutions, ask-
ing Government aid in the construction of the
Sutro tunnel, adopted unanimously by both
houses of the Legislature of Nevada January
525, 1870. The State had conferred corporate
powers previously upon the Sutro Tunnel
Company. It was contemplated that the com-
pany, requiring a vast amount of money for
the accomplishment of its object, would need
aid from the Government of the United States.
The Legislature followed this up in the Jauu
ary following, and in this unanimous memorial
we have it recited :
"Whereas the State of Nevada contains within its
borders a silver vein called the Comstock lode; and
whereas a deep drainage and exploring tunnel, lead-
ing into saidlode, is necessary toits permanent yield
of the precious metals; and whereas the character
of said lode is now demonstrated to bo sueh as to
giveamplo security to the capital nocessary to be
advanced for its construction; and whereas tho
following facts in connection with tho foregoing are
of weighty consequence."
It concludes with the following resolution :
" Resolved by the Senate and Assembly of the State of
Nevada, conjointly, That our Senators be instructed
and our Representatives requested to use their best
endeavors to obtain from Congress sueh material aid
as will secure the speedy construction of the deep
drainage and mining tunnel known as the Sutro
tunnel."
Then there is aresolution requesting this may
be sent to Congress. Moreover, Mr. Speaker,
this whole subject had been referred by the
Legislature to the committee on Federal re-
lations, -which made to that body a long, de-
tailed, and careful report of the facts and_ argu-
ments in favor of the tunnel, and they wind up
with recommending that the proposed tunnel,
a work of such magnitude and of such vast
national importance, should have such sub-
stantial aid as will insure its being carried out.
Then, sir, upon Thursday, the 24th of Jan-
uary, 1867, I find this short resolution adopted
by the Nevada senate:
' "Resolved, Tbat five hundred^copies of the memo-
rial and joint resolution in reference to the Sutro
tunnel and the report of the committee on federal
relations thereon bo delivered to A. Sutro, for dis-
tribution at the seat of Government of the United
States."
Now, sir, we heard only yesterday that Mr.
Sutro was a lobbyist, and that he had defrauded
Congress into the passage of a law which it
should not have passed. But I find here that
after the passage of this act the Legislature of
the State of Nevada took this subject into
careful consideration^ unanimously resolved
that the project was important both for the
State and for the nation, and absolutely com-
missioned Mr. Sutro to come to Congress with
five hundred copies of their memorial and
report and resolution to lay before both
Houses of Congress, and to ask them to give
national aid and support to this great measure
for the benefit of the State and the nation
alike, which the Senators from that State at
the other end of the Capitol and its Repre-
sentative here were to urge_ upon Congress.
And we who were here during the Fortieth
Congress all know with what persistency and
energy that proposition was brought before the
attention of both Houses. And 1 believe that
if Congress had felt that under existing circum-
stances it could have afforded to have done
this it would have done it in preference to
the aiding of any other private enterprise
whatsoever. Congress, however, did not feel
that the situation of the national Treasury
would allow this to be done.
And now, sir, when we are told here by the
gentlemen professing to represent Nevada that
they are here to very little purpose if they pan-
not turn aside the purpose of the committee
and of the House upon this subject; that
Nevada demands that this very act shallbe
repealed, or its most vital feature eliminated
from it, I must confess I am astonished, the
more so that I have been upota the ground and
am somewhat conversant with the situation of
things there. And I affirm here now that if the
act on behalf of the Sutro^ tunnel project, as
a new project, were pending here to-day it
would not only have my voice and my vote,
but my most active support.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. BLAIR. I have not time.
Mr. SARGENT. Just a single question.
Mr. BLAIR. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman states that
he has been on the ground. How much of a
tunnel did he see ?
Mr. BLAIR. The tunnelwasnot then begun.
But when I was there I heard a very diligent
discussion of the question. The gentleman
whose name has been mentioned in this dis-
cussion, Mr. William Sharon, the agent of the
Bank of California at the Comstock lode, took
me in his buggy and carried me to his crushing
mills, and showed me the line of the new rail-
road he was building, or rather had got the
people to build for him. Ho took me to his
mines, to the very bottom of them; showed
me all about them, and told me he was determ-
ined this Sutro tunnel business should be
stopped.
Now, sir, I will say to the gentleman that
while I do not wish to arraign anybody here
at all; while I received, as we all did, such
courtesies from the Bank of California or its
agents that it might be supposed our mouths
might be pretty much shut against saying what
perhaps ought to be said on this_ subject, yet
all that occurred there did not blind our eyes
to the fact that this is the most gigantic monop-
