3118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
let the raw material come in fre«, or as low
as possible, and then work it up among our-
selves.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Cincinnati a question.
Mr. STEVENSON. Well, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. I am a good deal bothered
on this question of wire cloth, I would like to
know the amount of labor bestowed on the
wire and in weaving and manufacturing it into
cloth, the amount of labor on the wire and then
iu weaving into cloth, and the amount of labor
expended in painting pictures on it. It is neces-
sary to understand all that to know exactly
what the tariff on this article ought to be.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not know myself,
but if the gentleman wil! hold the article very
close to his eyes he may be able to see through
it. [Laughter.] I think, however, tblt he
would be as old as Methuselah and as blind as
Bartimeus before he would make a square foot
of it. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I nave no doubt of that. That
is a complete answer. Now, I understand it
exactly.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am glad I have been
able to enlighten the gentleman.
The formal amendments to the amendment
being withdrawn, the question was put on Mr.
Cox's motion to strike out the paragraph; and
there were—ayes 21, noes SO; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
Kllley were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 38, noes 79.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise. I think it is abont time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no; we did not begin
till 8 o'clock.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
40, noes 76.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. COX. I desire to move one other amend-
ment. I move to reduce the duty on painted
or printed iron wire cloth to 2 cents per square
foot.
Mr. PETERS. Well, do not debate it, and
do not call for tellers.
Mr. COX. I will not argue it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next paragraph was read as follows:
On iron wire spiral furniture springs, 3 cents per
poand.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
paragraph just read Ijy striking out the word
"wire" as being entirely unnecessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to further amend
this paragraph by striking out "3 cents per
pound" and inserting in lieu thereof "2 cents
per ponnd, and in addition thereto 15 per cent.
ad valorem." That will make the duty on this
article correspond with the duty imposed by
the existing law. I am told that the object of
the change proposed in this bill is to make the j
duty specific. That is all the defense I have !
heard for the proposed change. I believe it is
claimed that there is no increase of duty. Now, !
that argument might have more force with me
if the same course was generally adopted in
this bill. But I find that the Committeeof Ways
and Means in several instances have adhered
to the ad valorem duty, as in one of the para-
graphs which we have considered to-night, the 1
paragraph relating to iron wire, where they
propose a duty of so much per pound "and 15 -
per cent, ad valorem." I think, therefore, we
had better leave the duty on these spiral springs
where it is under the existing law, at 2 cents
per pound and 15 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BORCHARD. The existing duty is 65
per cent, ad valorem. \
Mr. ALLISON. Very well. As near as I
can ascertain from the table of prices before i
me, a duty of 3 cents per pound would be an '
increase over the present rate of duty. j
Mr. SCHENCK. The fight which the gen- |
Ueman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] is now making
is to increase the duty upon this article exactly
one tenth of 1 cent per pound. The present
duty is 2} cents per pound and 15 per cent. ad
valorem. The Treasury returns show that the
average invoice price of this article is 4 cents
per pound, of which 15 per cent, would be six
tenths of 1 cent; which, added to 2.} oents,
would make 8j^ cents. The Committee of
Ways and Means propose a specifio duty of 8
oents per pound. Therefore, if the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa should prevail, it
would increase the proposed duty just one
tenth of a cent per pound.
Now, the object of the Committee of Ways
and Means was neither to raise the duty nor to
lower it materially, but to take away all ques-
tion about the ad valorem rate of duty, and in
this, as in most other cases, as far as possible
reduce the duty to a apeoific duty, although it
has not seemed best to do so in all cases. In
this case, while making the duty a specifio duty,
we have really lowered it one tenth of 1 cent
per pound. I did not know until examining
the subject now that we had done that much.
But if the gentleman succeeds in restoring the
old duty he will get that much duty back again;
that is the whole of it. It is true that we have
not in all cases reduced ad valorem duties to
specifio duties; but we have sought to do it
in a great many instances, and I wish we could
have done it in more.
Mr. ALLISON. I find that the existing
rate of duty is 67} per cent, ad valorem. As
I said before, I do not know whether the duty
proposed here, of 3 oents per pound, is a slight
increase over or a slight decrease from the'
present rate of duty. But I cannot understand
the proposition of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means- [Mr. Schenck] to
provide in this case for absolute specific duty,
when it is not done in other paragraphs of the
bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman permit me' to interrupt him a
moment?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts/ I want to
show the gentleman the. immense importance
of his amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand all about that.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There
was imported during last year of this article the
invoice value of $483, the duty upon which
amounted to the enormous suin of $813.
Mr. ALLISON. I am very much obliged
to th« gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
HooPfia} for calling my attention to that point.
It only shows that this duty of 67} per cent, is
so prohibitive that this article cannot be im-
ported at all. Every one knows that in every-
household in this land these spiral springs for
furniture are used; and with the protection
afforded by this duty of 67} per cent, ad pttlo-
rem, the manufacturers of this country are en-
abled to produce all the springa used, except
about four hundred dollars' worth imported.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move,
pro forma, to amend by striking Out the words
"aa valorem." The tariff of $67 and upward
per ton on spiral springs is simply enormous.
It affects the whole manufacture of furniture
in this coqntry.
Mr. KELLEY. There is do such duty as
die gentleman has jnst named.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Three cents
per pound will amount to a little more than
$67 per ton. That is the amount of the tariff
levied upon this commodity, which enters into
the structure of a great deal of the furniture
and bedding of the country. It is too much,
and should be reduced to certainly not more
than 2 cents per. pound.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Chairman, I have been
willing to vote for a tariff such as I thought
necessary to raise revenue to carry on the
Government; but this measure has assumed a
shape which to me is offensive, and I believe
it to be offensive to the people of the country.
It does seem to me that the tariff men in this
House have not acted with reference to reve-
nue at all, but with a paramount view to devis-
ing a duty upon iron and manufactures of iron
which shall be practically prohibitory, thus
defeating the very object for which, as I un.
! derstand, a revision of the tariff should now
be undertaken. I am therefore oppored to
this enormous taxation in the shape of duty
on iron.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must rise to a point of
order. The gentleman is not discussing the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must
confine his remarks to the pending amendment.
Mr. ROGERS. I propose to do so; but I
have been making a little circumlocutory turn
in order to get at the amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr._ NEGLEY. I hope there will be no
objection to the gentleman marching and'
countermarching as much as he pleases.
Mr. ROGERS. I say that the tax upon
these spiral springs is too much; but it is in
keeping with the whole bill. The duties are
all too high. On this article in particular the
duty is too high. As has been stated by the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] this ar-
ticle is one of general use; it enters into almost
every household in the country, or if it does
not it ought to, for the beds in which these
springs are used are the best beds I have ever
lain upon. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend by striking
out the paragraph. I do not make this motion
for the purpose of detaining the committee at
this late hour, for I know that I can give no
information; but I do it for the purpose of
yielding to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Krlley] that he may explain to the
committee how much labor there is connected
with spiral springs.
Mr. BORCHARD. I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. I yielded my time to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. He did not avail him-
self of it.
■ Mr. BUROHARD. I wish simply to cor-
rect an error whi«h has been made as to the
present rate bt duty on this article, Which, as
^ was stated by the gentleman from Iowa, is 2
cents per pound ana 15 per cent, ad valorem.
Gentlemen will see this oy looking at the law.
I presume the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means misread the figures. The'
proposition of the gentleman from Iowa would
leave the present law exactly as it is; and the'
duty now is 67 per cent. It seems to me that
is high enough.
The amendment tothe amendment was not'
agreed to. •
Mr. BROOKS, of New York.' I move to
strike out " ad val&remt." I want to state, in
order to make it n matter of record, that the
existing duty is practically prohibitory. The
importations of this article in 1869, as stated
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr,
Hooper,] yielded only $313. while in 1868 the
amount was $758 65, showing a decrease from
year to year of the revenue from this source.
Further on in this1 bill it is proposed to make
an enormous increase of the duty on hair
doth, which covers these spiral springs ana
makes furniture. Years ago we were large
exporters of furniture ttiade in Boston, New
York, and elsewhere, which was shipped to
Central and South America, the We3t Indies,
and other foreign countries, including even
China; but by the duty on spiral springs, the
the dpty on hair cloth, the duty on timber, and
a variety of other duties, this great and im-
portant trade has been nearly lost to us.
Mr. SCHENCK. One would imagine there
was a conspiracy to disturb the domestic peace
of some gentlemen by levying a tariff on these
spiral springs for beds. I do not care whether
it is 3 cents or 2} cents; but I think we are
occupying too much time on it. I believe the
Committee of Ways and Means is about right.
