1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2173
oly in the United States, that it dominates the
whole Pacific coast, and that when it pipes in
that country the people dance. And you may
rest assured that that will be the case so long
as that monopoly continues. It had power
enough to thrust out your greenback currency
from that entire coast. Not a dollar of it can
be there used"to-day in the ordinary business
transactions of life, and it is owing to the
immense power of the Bank of California that
the Government has not been able to intro-
duce it. The agents of the Government have
informed me that they have tried diligently to
introduce the legal-tender notes, but the bank
had given its customers notice that if they
undertook to deal in greenbacks they would
not have the favor of the bank. The result
was that they broke down everybody who under-
took to do it,; and to-day your currency is vir-
tually excluded from the whole Pacific coast
just because theBank of California was determ-
ined that it should not circulate there.
Sir, this bank has waved its hand over the
Comslock lode and ordered Sutro away. That
is the whole of this transaction, us it seems to
me. When the gentleman says there was any
fraud in the passage of" this act, I answer him
thatlam not aware of it; and certainly if there
is likely to bo any fraud perpetrated now it is
not by Mr. Sutro, but by those who oppose
him.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FERRISS. I now yield to my colleaguo
upon the committee from Delaware [Mr.
Biggs] the remainder of my time except half
a minute.
Mr. BIGGS. How much time have 1 ?
The SPEAKER. Six minutes.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, as a member
of the Committee on Mines and Mining 1 have
given the bill which is now before the House
Rome reflection, and I have come to the eon-
elusion, with eight of my colleagues on that
committee, that tho bill ought not to pass.
Only oue member of tho committee can bo
found to advocate its passage, ft is true that
the judgment of the eight members of the com-
mittee may perhaps bo at fault; but I think it'
the House will carefully investigate the subject
they will come to the conclusion that the hill
is an outrage upon the rights of Mr. Sulro ami
his company.
One idea advanced here yesterday by tho
gentleman from Nevada [Mr. fitch] 1 must
confess struck me as rather strange, and that
was that tho Congress of tho United States
have permitted this humble individual to pass
upon them an act of fraud. Sir, Mr. Sutro, in
every effort which he undertook from tho -1th
day of February, 18Gf>, until lht!7, had tho
sanction and supjiorlof the people of She State
of Nevada and its Representatives in Con-
gress. Each and every one of them supported
him in the measure, which he succeeded in by
the passage of tho bill of July, iw>r>. Rut it was
urged yesterday by the honorable gentleman
from California [Mr, Sargent] that Sutro had
not lived up to bis contract. Mr. Speaker, win-
did he not? Because a most determined oppo-
sition had suddenly sprung up on the l'aeifie
coast against Mr. Sutro and his tunnel com-
pany. His prospects for success were so
flattering that the mining companies became
alarmed, and publicly repudiated their former
subscriptions to the Sutro Tunnel Company.
In July, 1807, the Savage Mining Company
repudiated their subscription to the Sutro Tun-
nel Company, and the Bank of California,
through their agents in New York city, Messrs.
Lees & Waller, placarded in their office the
following:
"Thatthe stockholders of the Savage company,
at their auoual mooting, had rofosed to ratify tho
subscription naado l>v thuir trustors of SloO.OOO to tho
stock of the Sutro Tunnel Company, and that the
same was utterly null and void,'*
Here, then, we see one of the leading mining
companies repudiating a subscription which
they had made in good faith, the effect of
which was to throw a damper upon the whole
enterprise. But this company was not alone,
for on the 15th day of January, 1868, was sent
to Washington the following telegram:
Vrr.GTXii, Nevada. January 15,1863.
Received at Willard's Hotel, Washington, D. C.,
J anuary 1(5,1868.
To Hon. William M. Stewart and Jamks W, Nye:
Wo are opposed to the Sutro tunnel project, ami
desire it defeated if possible.
WILLIAM SHARON,
CHARLES BOKNER,
Superintendent Savage Company.
B. t\ SHERWOOD,
President Central Company.
JOHN B. WINTERS,
President YeHoxa Jacket Company.
JOHN P. JONES,
Superintendent Kentuek Company.
J. W. MACKEif,
Superintendent ItuUton Company.
THOMAS U. TAYLOR,
President Alpha, and Supei intendent ('town
Point and Heat and Helc.her Companies.
J?. A. TRITLfc),
Crexidcrtt fielvher Company.
ISAAC L. REQUA,
Superintendent CkoUar-Potoei Company.
Now we see, sir, the very superintendents of
the mining companies who had subscribed,
together with private individuals, the aggre-
gate sum of $000,000 toward the construction
of this tunnel telegraph to the Senators from
Nevada that they are opposed to the Sutro
tunnel, that they want it defeated, and that
they repudiatetheirsubseriptions. How, then,
could Mr. Sutro go on with his tunnel? He
was not a man possessed of" great fortune.
Ho had raised tho amount of" $000,000, and
these very identical men who had subscribed
for tho purpose of constructing the tunnel
turned round and telegraphed to Senators
Stewart and Nvi:—the former of whom was
actually in lHli5 the president of the Sutro
Tunnel Company—that they did not, want the
tunnel and wished it defeated.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it" there is anything
wrong under the net of lytjli let the parties
aggrieved go to the courts of Nevada and try
tho question, a* the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] said, and not
ask lis to pass a bill lepealing an act which
was sustained and supported not only by the
representatives of Nevada in Congress, br.t by
tho people of that State.
| Here the hammer fell, j
ivh. FKUU1SS. i now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being upon ordering
the bili to bo engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. FERRISS. 1 rise to close debate, and
1 will yield twenty-five minutes to the minority
of the committee to dispose of as it sees fit.
Mr, SAKOKNT. Mr. Speaker, 1 must con-
fess that the campaign against this bill has been
carried on remarkably well, and as a matter
of art 1 desire to give to it lull credit: whether
in tho circulation of illuminated mans or gilt-
edged literature, or the assignment of parts to
gentlemen upon this floor; whether by the ordi-
nary machinery of legislation or of lobbying,
everything has been attended to in such a man-
ner as to meet my unqualified admiration.
Now, sir, I am taunted by tho gentleman
from Indiana [Mr, Kerr] with standing here
alone as a. minority of one of a certain com-
mittee. I will remind that gentleman that I
stand here also as in a minority of one on that
committee from any Stale or'furritory wherein
there is a gold or silver mine. Probably not
another member of the Committee on Mines
and Mining ever saw a gold or silver mine,
unless it may have been during the past sum-
mer, during such a fugitive, hasty visit as that
made by tho gentlemau from Michigan, [Mr.
Ri.aik.] Upon the strength of three or four
hours spent in Carson City and Salt Lake City
that gentleman now assumes to speak ex cathe-
dra, "to instruct meti who have lived there for
twenty years, and to brush aside the assertions
and representations made upon our responsi-
bility here as members as matters of no ac-
count in comparison with his superior obser-
vation and information.
It seems to me that ordinarily committees
are made up with some regard to the fitness
of its members, to their former pursuits or
investigations, so that they may be enabled to
understand the kind of legislation which may
come before them for their consideration. The
Committee on the Judiciary is made up of
lawyers, and able lawyers, too. The Commit-
tee on Agriculture is composed of members
who live in agricultural districts and have some
especial knowledge upon that subject.
In regard to the Committee on Mines and
Mining, I desire to speak with all courtesy of
my associates on that committee j our rela-
tions have always been most courteous. But
I wish to say that the chairman of the commit-
tee, [Mr. Ferriss,] in whose hands has been
placcd the duly of protecting tho interests of
the miners of the United States, numbering
hundreds of thousands of our citizens, who
under the policy of our Government have ex-
pended hundreds of millions of dollars in tho
development of' mines—the chairman had so
little regard for this large industrial class of
our population that yesterday he stigmatized
them as "squatters'" upon the public lands.
Suppose the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee should declare all lawyers knaves, or
tho chairman of the Committee on Patents
abuse all inventors, what would be thought of
his fitness for his place or sympathy with the
interest confided to him? If there is one term
more than another which is opprobrious to our
people, one term that would be distasteful to
the western settler, whether preemptionist,
homestead settler, or miner, it is the term
" squatter." It is a term which we use to ex-
press our contempt for those men who encroach
upon the property of their neighbors, who
refuse to work for themselves, but, in mining
parlance, "jump" the lands which others have
improved.
Sir, these "squatters," as the gentleman
calls them, are the people who come here with
their voluminous petitions and ask justice at the
hands of Congress. It may be that my resi-
dence there for twenty years, my knowledge of
the men who signed those petitions, may have
worked upon me unduly to induco me to listen
to their prayer. But I say that I am not
chargeable with any impropriety in standing up
here alone, as a minority of one from a com-
mittee of nine members, and asking that their
prayer bo granted, without saying anything
which would reflect upon that committee ; 1
may say this at least, that the opinions of no
individual member of that committee, or of
several of them, should be allowed to over-
power the opinions of the Representatives from
the Pacific coast upon a milling question. If
any one of them ever saw a gold or silver mine
iu his life let him now speak.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Fer-
riss] also said that the people of Nevada de-
sired this legislation. 1 say that is an error
which may betray this House into a wrong vote
upon this bill. The people of Nevada desired,
it Sutro could come to Congress and procure an
appropriation and grant of a right of way, that
such aid should be granted to him by Congress.
With the idea that the tunnel could be finished
in three years, and they thereby would be saved
a very large expense, which otherwise they
would be compelled to go to themselves, they
signed certain contracts to him and made cer-"
tain subscriptions. But afterward those sub-
scriptions were withdrawn, when they had found
out more about this Adolph Sutro, when they
came to understand him as a mere adventurer
from whom they had no reason to expect the
completion of a tunnel.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. SARGENT. I will yield for a question
simply.
Mr. KERR. Does the gentleman by what
he has said mean to have this House under-
stand that at the time the law of 1868 was
both the Senators and the Representa-
