1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5005
interest against sulphur that is three thousand
miles off' from us. \\re have more iron ore and
better iron ore, and it is easier to procure, in
the United States than iu any other country on
the globe. We have more coal, and it is easier
to obtain, than they have in any other country
of the world. We can feed laborers here
cheaper than they can in any other country of
the world. What is the reason we cannot
manufacture cheaper here than elsewhere?
There is no reason in the world why the Amer-
icans cannot produce iron and steel as cheap
as the English, or the people of any other coun-
try. We have cheaper lands to support our
laborers; and I deny that there is a solitary
argument iu favor of placing enormous duties
upon this particular interest that is worth a
moment's consideration.
If this ware a vast interest, if there were a
vast amount of capital involved iu it at the
present time, it would be different; then there
might be some pretext for even the howl which
is always put forth, that these interests are
going to be broken down and destroyed. But
we have an interest here in its infancy. We
do not know whether it is going to be success-
ful or not. Let these individuals prove that it
will be successful before we tax one portion of
the community, the agricultural portion of the
community, to support them in an' interest that
they have not sufficiently demonstrated to us
will be suceessiul. It may be successful—I
am satislied of that—not by protection, but by
the fact that they can manufacture it cheaper
because they have every article and every item
here cheaper than they have in any other coun-
try iu the world.
Mr. VICKERS. 1 hold iu my baud the
memorial ot J ohn W. Garrett, president of the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, and
1J. G. Van Winkle, formerly a member of the
Senate, president of the Parkcrsburg Branch
Railroad Company, protesting against the pas-
sage of this item of the bill. This memorial
was printed by order of the Senate and referred
to the Committee on Finance. 1 suppose the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad extends, perhaps,
a thousand miles; I do not know the exact
length of the stem and branches, nor am I
informed of the exact extent of the Parkers-
burg road. These gentleman state some im-
portant fWcts. They say:
The cost annually of iron rails used in tile main-
tenance of our laiiroatls equals ton per cent ot Hie
total cost of operating the-e woiks, which for tho
past year equaled £263,000,000."
One tenth is $20,000,000 for maintaining
these roads by laying rails in a single year;
$20,090,000 to purchase iron rails to repair
and m-nntaiu the roads already existing 1
Now, is it not important that this large sum
should be expended iu steel rails? They are
becoming a necessity. Ultimately all the rail-
roads will be laid with them. They say in
this memorial that there is more safety, and
that they can transport freight cheaper if they
can use these rails. They will last ten times
as long as tiie iron rails. All the railroads
must, as a matter of economy, obtain the steel
rail. The idea of thirty thousand tons of steel
rails made in this country loweiing the price is
fallacious. The Senator from Missouri stated
it correctly when he said that ir. was the com
petition in England, where the.^e mils win-
made, that has loweied the puce. The prices
are gradually becoming reduced as the memo-
rial slates. The idea of thirty thousand tons,
the product of American labor, reducing the
juice, as the Senator from Missouri said, bor-
ders upon an absurdity.
We have been donating millions or acres of
land to new railroads. It is important, tha1 the
tracks should be laid with steel rails. Ui;-t the
companies should get the rails as cheaply as
they can ; it is equally as important ih-s*. tlu-
ohi roads, when repaired, should !>.' i ensured
with steel rails. This is the only mode by r. hich
the railroads can intimately L-eCom,' laid wmi
these rails. It is estimated tnst a taniojd
needs a renewal of the rails once in ten yeais.
The petition referred to states that,-—■
"The quantity of freight transported thopastyear
over the railroads of tho United States exceeded
one hundred million tons, being iu value more than
one billion dollars."
Mr. McCliEERY. I think the Senator's
time is exhausted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not quite; the
Senator from Maryland has one minute re-
maining.
Mr. VICKERS. I have no more to say.
Mr. McCliEERY. I make the motion that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at ten
o'clock and ten minutes) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 30, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. in.
Prayer by Rev. J. E. Rankest, D. I).
'The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
v ft un on ii. vaugiian.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill (II. R. No. 2352) to relieve
Vernon II. Vaughan, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama,
of all legal and political disabilities imposed
by Hie fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. WOOD. I object, unless this has been
reported by the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. POME ROY. It has been informally
considered; but the chairman of that com-
mittee is not now here.
Mr. WOOD. 1 object unless it is first con-
sidered regularly by that committee.
Tho bill was read a lirst and second time,
and referred to theselect Committee on Recon-
struction.
united status courts in ohio.
Mr. UPSON. 1 a-k unanimous consent to
introduce a bill (11. R. No. 2351) to change
tho times of holding the circuit and district
courts of the United States in the northern
district of Ohio.
The bill provides that instead of the times
now fixed by law the circuit and district courts
of the United States for the northern district
of Ohio shall hereafter be held as follows: at
Cleveland, Ohio, on the first Tuesdays in the
months of January, April, and October iu each
year; and all recognizances, indictments, or
other proceedings, civil orctiminal, nowpend-
ing in either of said courts shall be entered
and have day in court, and be heard and tried
according to the times of holding said courts,
as herein provided.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, Where does
that come from?
Mr. UPSON. I have presented it to tiie
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is all right.
1 h<- bill was reported, and lead a first and sec-
ond i inie. it was then ordered to be engrossed
and ic el n lhird time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the t hird time, and passed.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
The h-.tler motion was agreed to.
IIVILON CltBUTZ.
Mr. BANKS. 1 ask unanimous consent to
report back fiom the Committee on Foreign
Alt'.urs, with the recommendation that it do
pa<?. a bill (S. No. 831) for the relief of Baron
Ureal?, of the Netherlands.
The bill was read. It is a direction to the
Secretary of the Treasury lo issue to Edward
Alexander Ferdinand Baron Creutz, first lieu-
tenant, oi artilleiy of the Netherlands, four new
regist-;-e-l six per cent. United States bonds,
of SI.000 each, redeemable iu 3832, of the
seiies and numbers hereinafter specified, so \
=oon as proof shall be exhibited to the satis-
faction of the Secretary of the loss or destruc- i
tion of four bonds of the loan and value men- !
tioned numbered 107 and 108, series 4: 41843,
series 3; and 10043, series 4; and if Barou
Creutz shall give bond with sufficient security
to indemnify the United States against any
other claim on account of the bonds alleged to
be so lost or destroyed.
Mr. HOLMAN. What committee reports
this?
Mr. BANKS. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs. This does not decide the case, but
merely authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to hear the case.
Mr. COBB, of-,\Visconsin. I object.
kansas railroad urant3.
•
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for reference to the Committee on
the Public Lands, a bill to amend an act entitled
" An act for the grant of land to the State of
Kansas in alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads and telegraphs in
said State."
Mr. BENJAMIN objected, but subsequently
withdrew his objection.
Mr. ARNELL renewed it.
land guan't to a railroad.
Mr. FITCH. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill granting lands to W. II. Forbes
and others, to aid in the construction of a.i^iil-
road and telegraph line from Blcho, on the
Central Pacific railroad, and to have it referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
printed.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
i.kave ok absence.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. .Mr. Speaker, I rise to
a question of privilege. On Monday I sent
to the Speaker's desk a note legibly written,
requesting the Speaker to obtain for mo leave
of absence for two days. In looking over the
report of the proceedings of that day in the
Globe I find that leave of absence was granted
to several other gentlemen, but that the appli-
cation in my case was omitted. I make this
statement, as I do not wish it to be supposed
that I would be absent from the proceedings
of the House without leave.
The SPEAKER. The application of the
gentleman must have been mislaid. Tbe Chair
remembers bis request being made, and was
under the impression that it had been granted.
Mr: BENJAMIN. I demand the regular
order.
indian appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The House will now, as
the regular order, resume the consideration of
the report of the Committee on Appropriations
on the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(II. R. No. 1109) makingappropriationsforthe
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
(so called) with vaiious Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1871, and for other pur-
poses. The Chair yesterday was under a mis-
apprehension as to the time allowed to tbe
gentleman from California [Mr. Saugent] who
submits the report. The gentleman bas sixteen
minutes still remaining.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 do not propose to take
up tho time of the House with any further
remarks, as time is precious when we are so
near tbe end of the session. I will merely
state that there is on the table of the Door-
keeper a printed list of the amendments, dis-
tinguishing those in regard to which the Com-
mittee on Appropriations recommend concur-
rence and those in regard to which they recom-
mend non-concurrence. Membeis may obtain
copies of the list on application. I will ask-
that the recommendations of the Committee
on Approptiations he concurred in, unless a
separate vole be asked for by any membeis on
particular amendments. When such a vote is
asked for the amendment may, of course, be
debated under the live minutes rule.
Mr. FEKRY. I shall claim that privilege by
asking to have a separate vote on the Senate
