1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1229
The next amendment was that of Mr. Wel-
£ek  lis renewed by Mr. ArkelLj to reduce
the amount for stationery for committees from
$10,000 to $-5,000.
v The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered to the
paragraph.
The following paragraph was read :
For furniture, $2,500.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out the para-
jraph in relation to furniture, for the purpose
of making an inquiry of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations. I observe that
in the portion of the bill relating to the Senate
there are appropriations for new furniture and
for repairing furniture to the amount of $10,000.
Xow, 1 do not object to the amount proposed
for the Senate if it is reasonable. I am aware
'hat the Senate is an extremely disorderly
body, that they are furniture-smashers to a
very great extent, and that they have a large
number of committees, a far greater number
than this body, for whose rooms furniture is
necessary. Still I would like to know why
$10,000 is appropriated for furniture for the
Senate, and only $2,500 for a like purpose for
this House.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] that there is a
surplus on hand under control of the Clerk of
the House for the furniture account. He at
first proposed to get along with that surplus
without any additional appropriation, until the
Hoase ordered the fitting up of two or three
neweommittee-rooms, which rendered it neces-
sary for him to have a further appropriation
for the purpose. It is proposed to appropriate
for the Senate the same amount that the House
has, including this $2,500 and the amount
remaining on hand from the appropriation of
last year.
Mr. DAYIS. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the House for the Congressional Globe,
for reporting the proceedings of the House for the
third sessicfti of the Forty-First Congress, 8SOO each,
$4,800.
Mr. DAYIS. I move to strike out the pro-
vision just read, for I am still at war with the
idea contained in it. I have been furnished
with a copy of the contract under which the
Congressional Globe is published. It provides,
in distinct terms, that competent and skillful
reporters shall be provided by the publishers
to report the proceedings of Congress; and for
reporting and publishing those proceedings
large and ample compensation is paid. Yet
this House proposes to vote $16,000 to pay
the servants of those who are already receiving
the most ample compensation for this work.
Sir, I have been told that for the work done
by the Congressional Globe, $60,600 is paid
beyond the compensation for which the same
work would be done in the Congressional
Printing Office. I call upon the chairman of
the Committee on Printing, if he is present, to
corroborate my statement. I understand that
he refused to assent to the contract because of
the exorbitant price that was allowed. Yet
this House is willing to donate $16,000 beyond
the allowance which is given to the proprietors
of the Globe—a most ample and liberal allow-
ance. This is a donation to the employes of the
Globe. Upon what principle does it stand?
I a3k the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations to tell U3 why we should pay the
servants of those who have the most compen-
satory and valuable contract that has been
issued from this House. Why should we pay
them $16,000 additional; and that, too, for
the short session of three months ? At our
next session, beginning next December and
terminating in the following March, we shall
not be in actual- session more than sixty days ;
yet we contribute from the pockets of the peo-
ple $16,000 of their money for no purpose,
except that the publishers of the Globe may
be able to hire reporters more cheaply than
they otherwise could. I appeal to the House
upon this subject to stand by what is just and
right
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, this matter of
the Congressional Globe has been up in every
Congress since I have been here; and without
any reflection upon the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Davis,] who is fresh in this work,
I will say that the arguments which he has used
have been repeated here for the last fifteen
years. Y'et, in the face of all these arguments,
a new contract was at the beginning of the
present Congress made with the Globe for a
continuance of the reporting. I do not my-
self know the entire details of that contract.
It is not for me to inquire concerning them.
It is a contract entered into between Congress
and the printers of the Globe. It may be
exorbitant. It may have been imprudent on l
the part of those authorized to make the con- i
tract. But they made it, and I propose to stand '
by its terms. If there be in the contract any
condition that permits us to rescind it I stand
with the gentleman from New York. If we
have made a contract that we cannot rescind,
I am for carrying it out to the letter. But
the rules of this House forbid us to introduce
in an appropriation bill any special legislation
upon this or any other subject; we must con-
fine ourselves to the letter of the law.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me
to read from the contract what the publishers
of the Globe undertake to do ?
i Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, that is not
relevant to the position which the gentleman
assumes here ana to which I am replying. He
proposes to cut off the appropriation for the
! next year to the Globe. My opinion is that
the whole matter of reporting here had better
I be upon another footing. But both branches
, of Congress have agreed to continue the Globe,
and they have entered into a contract of some
kind or another. I do not care to look into the
contract, because I am not charged by the
House with the duty of providing for rescind-
ing that contract, but of reporting, in conjunc-
tion with ourcommittee, appropriations to carry
out existing law, cutting them down only where
it can be done without detriment to the public
service.
Mr. DAYIS. I withdraw my last amend-
ment, and move to amend, by striking out the
last word of the paragraph.
Now, sir, I desire to call the attention of the
House to this contract which I have in my
hand, the contract entered into between Con-
gress and the printers of the Globe. Its first
provision contains this language :
" The said parties of the first part, in consideration
of the moneys hereinafter agreed to be paid unto
them, do covenant and agree with the said party of
the second part as follows, namely: First. To report
promptly, by a corps of competent reporters suffi-
cient for that purpose, the debates and proceedings
of each House of Congress for and during the sessions
of the Forty-First Congress; and that the said re-
porters and their associates for the Senate shall be
such persons only as shall be approved, in writing,
by the Senate Committee on Printing, and those for
the House of Representatives such only as shall be
approved, in writing, by the House Committee on
Printing; and that any failure or refusal to fulfill
these provisions shall, at the option of Congress,
work a forfeiture by said Rives & Bailey of all rights
under this contract."
Now, the chairman of the committee tells
the House, with such a contract as this before
us, that we are bound to make this appropria-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. What is the date of that
contract ?
Mr. DAVIS. April 14, 18G9. There is no
rescission of this contract. On the contrary, sir,
I stand on this simple question of performance.
Instead of asking that this contract be re-
scinded, I ask on the part of the contractors
that they shall do what they promised us. In
other words, I ask that Rives & Bailey shall
execute what they have contracted to do.
Their covenant is to do the work for which
these reporters are here. Is it the intent of
that contract that Congress should appropriate
this sum for each one of these reporters, when
the contract provides for paying $10 30 per
column for doing this Yery work ?
Mr. DAWES. We cannot in this way under-
take to make void our own contract.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir: we are performing
our own contract. We have been acting up to
its very terms. I do not ask the House to
rescind that contract, but I will bring in a bill
hereafter which will protect future Congresses,
if we cannot protect this Congress, from tlm
flood-gate which I am told is taking out of the
Treasury nearly half a million a year.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the
House, and then I shall have done, to this exact
appropriation. It is for something more than
the contract. These contractors, for that is
the substance of it, like all others, are holding
out the dish for something more, and this bill
proposes to give these $4,800 in addition to
what the contract calls for.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the reading of the
contract. I withdraw my amendment, and
renew the original amendment to strike out the
whole paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. LAFLIN. My colleague from the Mon-
roe district [Mr. Davis] has seen fit to refer
to the Committee on Printing, of which I am
chairman, as well as to my own action in con-
nection therewith. I am well aware that he
has not done this in any offensive manner; but,
on the contrary, he designed in the remarks
which he has made to be complimentary to my-
self. If I alone had been referred to in con-
nection with his remarks, I should not have
seen fit lo say anything at this time. But
lest my silence may be construed as any reflec-
tion on the committee with which I have been
connected, it is due to that committee to say
that this contract has been legally entered into
by the proper authorities'of the House and the
Senate, and is legally binding upon Congress.
I feel it is due to the committee with which I
am associated to remark that although my judg-
ment did differ with the majority of that com-
mittee, and, as my colleague says, I did not
find myself in action, in harmony with them, I
must say I believe they were actuated by the
most honest and proper motives in making this
contract.
Mr. DAWES. Before moving that the com-
mittee rise, as I this morning indicated that I
should, I give notice that immediately after
the reading of the Journal to-morrow I shall
move to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, to continue the con-
sideration of this appropriation bill. I move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cessna
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order of the
House, had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the special order,
being House bill No. 974, making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to furnish this House a statement of all
expenses from the,national Treasury for public and
private purposes in the District of Columbia, ex-
cluding the salaries of public officers, from the timo
the seat of Government was located at Washington
to the closo of tho fiscal year ending Juno 30, 1$G9.
DEATH OF HON. B. F. HOPKINS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I
rise to make a sad announcement to the House
