mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Asper.
Ho. of Reps.
tariff acts, fixing different rates of duty upon
articles of importation entering into the gen-
eral consumption of the people, so that it can
well be said that we have 110 settled policy
upon the subject.
I believe that a reference to the history of
legislation upon this question may be of some
importance in shaping our present action. I
believe it is conceded that the first general
measure of protection was adopted in 1824.
That act continued in force till 1828, when a
more stringent tariff law was passed. After-
ward, during the great contests of 1832 and
1833—contests which came very near rending
this Union in twain—a modification of the act
of 1828 was effected. An act was passed in
1832, and another in 1833, the latter of which
was the great compromise measure of Henry
Clay, and which continued in operation until
the passage of the act of 1842, which was the
great measure of that Whig Administration
that came into power with the election of 1840.
The act of 1842 continued in force till 1840,
when there was enacted a tariff fixing duties
at an average of from 20 to 30 per cent, ad
valorem; and this act continued in operation
until 1857, when a modification was adopted
reducing duties generally; and the act of 1857
was continued in force until changed by the
act of 1801, which was an act to pay certain
Treasury notes, create a loan, and increase
duties on imports.
During our experience under the tariffs
of 1845 and 1857, which were called revenue
tariffs, duringwhich time, a period of fourteen
years, (he country was prosperous, the Repub-
lican party, in its first national convention at
Chicago, in 1860, adopted as a part of its plat-
form a resolution which I ask the Clerk to
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Resolution No. 12.
"That, whilo providing revenue for tho support
of tho General Government by duties on imports,
Hound policy requires sueh an adjustment of theso
imposts as to encourago the development of tho
industrial interests of tho whole country; and we
commend that policy of national exchanges which
secures to the workingraen liberal wages, to agri-
culture remunerative prices, to mechanics and man-
ufacturers an adequate roward for their skill, labor,
and enterprise, and to the nation commercial pros-
perity and independence."
Mr. ASPER. This resolution placed the
Republican party, then organized as a national
party, squarely upon the ground of adjusting
our tariffs upon the basis of revenue, allowing
such incidental protection to all tho industries
of tho country as sueh a tariff would give—-
nothing more. The position of our party has
not changed since that time. But the war
imposed upon us new obligations; it imposed
additional burdens upon the people ; and in
view of these burdens and the inequality of
the adjustment of our tariffs since the conclu-
sion of tho war, in view of the internal tax-
ation and tho taxation by means of import
duties, the national Republican convention in
18G8 gave its attention to the question, and
adopted a resolution, which I send to tho desk
to bo read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Resolution No. i.
"It is duo to tho labor of tho nation that taxation
should be equalized and reduced as rapidly as the
national faith will permit."
Mr. ASPER. Nov/, sir, the labor of the
country is looking to us for relief, to our party,
to know if we intend to keep this pledge. The
laboring population, the agricultural interests,
demand that their burdens shall be lightened ;
and well they may, for the burdens imposed by
tlie tariff laws adopted during the war and since
the war—the tariffs of 1SG4 and 1867—are sueh
as call loudly for relief. The agricultural pop-
ulation of the country is not interested directly
or indirectly in levying of tariff duties in sueh
a way as to afford direct protection to partic-
ular classes or interests. Pennsylvania has no
right to come liere "and demand of us special
protection for her iron interests. Ohio has no
right to come here and demand special protec-
tion for her iron and wool interests. New York
has no right to claim from us special protection
for her salt interests. The lumbering interests
of Michigan and Wisconsin have no right to
claim special protection for their particular
interest. Such special protection cannot in
any way relieve from taxation the great agri-
cultural population.
Sixty-five hundred thousand of our people
are agriculturists, dependent directly upon the
cultivation of the soil for their subsistence and
for the comforts of life for themselves and then-
families. The earnings of these people amount,
year by year, according to the estimate of
of the Statistical Bureau, to $3,000,000,000;
and they, as a matter of course, have a right
to be heard, and to ask that no unnecessary
burdens shall be laid upon them and their
business and interests in the levying of duties
on imports. They have the right to make that
demand in the adjustment of the duties on
imports, levied for the purpose of raising rev-
enue. I believe we all agree in tho proposi-
tion that the tariff is for the purpose primarily
of raising revenue to carry on the Government,
to pay the interest on the national debt—
$125,000,000, to raise a sinking fund for the
purpose of eventually paying off this debt, and
for tho purpose of raising sufficient revenue to
carry on the civil and ordinary expenses of the
Government. That being the case, what meas-
ure of duty shall be levied and how shall that
duty bo levied so as to relieve the great indus-
tries of the country from any unnecessary bur-
dens? For, sir, I take it if a tariff is so ad-
justed as to place any unnecessary burden on
any particular interest it is wrong in its adjust-
ment, and should be corrected by tho proper
authority.
Is there such an adjustment in the bill pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means
as that no unnecessary burden shall be attached
to any particular interest? Not whether it is
going to benefit by protection the iron inter-
est ; not whether it is going to benefit by pro-
tection the salt interest or the lumber interest
or the coal interest; not that, sir; for I deny
the right of Congress to levy such a duty spe-
cially and particularly for protection. I am
willing to vote for a tariff so adjusted as that it
will raise the necessary amount of revenue to
supply tho needs of tho Treasury and to secure
the payment of interest and eventually tho
principal of the debt of the nation ; and I am
willing that adjustment shall be so made, if it
can be made, that it will bear alike on all tho
industries of the country, and at the same time
give incidental protection to our manufactures.
1 do not think, Mr. Chairman, this bill does
that; but on the contrary I believe the adjust-
ments are of such a character as to discrimi-
nate against our industries; and looking at the
history of the country under the operations of
the tariff laws—and I gather my views from
what is seen in the administration of the law
as it now stands—in the adjustment of the
duties with a view to the protection of certain
interests, those burdens have grown larger year
by year and have more and more heavily pressed
down the energies of the great industries of the
country.
Among the articles of production specially
protected which enter into the consumption of
the country we find several of the leading arti-
cles on which heavy duties are imposed and
which burden the people. I do not propose in
the remarks I shall submit to go over all the
articles. 1 propose to refer to one or two lead-
ing articles and to show the effect on the agri-
cultural interest, and with such reference to rest
the case, so far as 1 am concerned, in present-
i ng the interests of the people whom I represent.
One of the articles which enters into the con-
sumption of the people is salt; another is lum-
ber, another is iron, and another woolen goods.
Now, the people west of the Mississippi river,
the agricultural interest there, are deeply inter-
ested in tho duties levied upon those articles.
If tho adjustment can be so made as to meet
the wauls of tho Treasury, and at tho same time
to relieve the agricultural interest from those
heavy burdens, wo ought to do it. 1 know the
people west of the Mississippi river whom I rep-
resent here are patriotic. They are willing to
bear every burden which fairly belongs to them.
If it bo necessary to give a quarter or a half,
nay, even the whole of their surplus, in order
to support the Government and to pay tho pub-
lic debt they are ready and willing to do it; but
they are not ready or willing to meet that bur-
den unless the money arising from it enters into
the Treasury of the country.
Now, sir, wo are levying under the present
tariff at the average rate of 47-per cent. Forty-
seven per cent, is tho amount of duty imposed
upon all articles, including those which enter
into general consumption. On salt the duty
is over 100 per cent. On many kinds of iron
which enter into general consumption the duty
ranges from 40 to over 100 per cent., and on
some kinds it is over 200 per cent. No tariff
has ever before been adjusted at so high a rate
as the one under which the country groans
to-day. I have here a table prepared by the
Special Commissioner of the Revenue, and at-
tached to his report for 1869, which shows the
date of every tariff law enacted, the amount
of imports, dutiable and free, the amount of
revenue collected each year, and the rate per
cent, each year on dutiable articles, with the
rate per cent, on the aggregate of imports. It
is as follows:
TARIFFS OP THE UNITED STATES.
Statement showing the revenue collected each year from, 1789 to 18G8, the amount of dutiable
imports and free goodsimported annually, and the average rale of duty on imports annually.
Dates.
From March 4,
1781), to Dec. 31,
1790—August 10...
1791—March 3 
1792—May 2 
1793..
1791—Juno7
1795—January 29..
1790 
1797—March 3 
1798.
Tariff-.
General.
Spirits...,
General.
General 
Supplementary .
General   
lSiiO^March lo.... i Sugar and wines..
ISO! L, 
Customs.
:,339,
443,
,255.
801,
588,'
507;
108J
,010,
080,'
TA
To'i." 73
Imports.
Tree.
Dutiable.
Total.
$,52,200,000
31,500,000
31,100,000
31 600,000
61),756,2<3S
81,43tj,lG4
75,379,403
6S,551,100
79,069,148
91,252,708
] 11,06->,511
. o
Ph 53
