1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
4061
The VICE PRESIDENT. The" Chair thinks
so. The Chair thinks, especially by the new
rule, motions to adjourn or for an executive
session have priority of everything else. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 18, noes 29.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the motion
that when the Senate adjourns to-day itadjourn
to meet on Monday next, on a division, the ayes
■were 28 and the noes 25, and the Senator from
Nevada demanded the yeas and najs.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TIPTON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nebraska.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 2-1, noes 23.
Mr. MORItlLL, of Maine. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 should like to know what
the Senate is disposed to do, tha^I may vote
for it.
Mr. HOWELL. Do we meet "to-morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate
adjourns now it will meet to morrow.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 23 ; as follows:
TEAS-—Messrs Anthony, .Buckingham, Cameron
Chandler. Cole, Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Howard, Tfowel!, Kellogg, McDonald, Mor-
rill ol Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Poinoroy, Pool, Ram-
sey, Revels, Rice, Sciiurz, Scott, Stewart, Thayer,
Tinton, Trumbull, Warner, and Willey—SO.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Oosserly, Cor-
bett, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Ilarlan, Harris,
Howe, Johnston, Morrill of Maine, Pratt, Robertson,
Rosr. Saulsbm-y, S;nyvcr, Sherman, Spenccr.Sprague,
Sumner, Thurman, Victors, and Williams—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow,
Carpenter, Cattell, Conliling, Cragin, Ponton, Ferry,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Lewis. McCreery,
Morton, Norton, Patterson, Stockton, Wilson, and
Yates—19.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 3, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was partly read,
when
Mr. BIRD moved that the further reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
Objection was made ; and the reading of the
Journal was concluded.
whits of error in colorado.
Mr. CULL01I. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on the Territories a
bill which is designed to correct amistake that
occurred on account of the signing of a bill,
when it had really not passed. The bill I ask
to report is entitled " An act to amend ail act
entitled 'An act amendatory of the organic
law of Colorado Territory, and lor other pur-
poses,'" approved May 4, 1870.
The bill was read, ft provides that the tirst
section of the act named in the title be so far
amended that writs of error shall be allowed
from any decision of a probate court to the
supreme court of Colorado Territory, in the
same manner as before the passage of the act
proposed to be amended.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 2111) was read a iirst and second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
remains of b m. saulnier.
Mr. SHELDON, of New York, by unani-
mous consent, reported from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs a bill (H. R. No. 2112)
directing the Secretary of State to cause the
remains of E. M. Saulnier, late consul at Vera
Cruz, to be removed to New York; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secfetary of State to'
cause to be sent to Brooklyn, New York, the
remains of Elisha M. Saulnier, who died at
Vera Cruz, Mexico, in June, 1869, while serv-
ing as consul for the United States at that
place, the expense of the removal to be paid
out of the contingent fund of the Department
of State.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHELDON, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN GRAHAM.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on the Judiciary a
joint resolution for the relief of John Graham.
The first clause of the joint resolution was
read. It proposes to vest the Court of Claims
with jurisdiction to hear and determine upon
principles of equity and justice the claim of
John Graham, heretofore referred to the court
by resolution of the House of Representatives
of August 2,1856, and to award him just indem-
nification upon his claim for the detention of
his three steamships in the harbor of New
York by order of the President of the United
States under the provisions of the act of April
20,1818, commonly callcd the " neutrality act.5'
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
pay of mk5ibigus, i1tc.
Mr. BEAMAN. I report back from the
Committee on Appropriations Senate amend-
ment to the bill (11. R. No. 1977) to supply a
deficiency in the appropriation for compensa-
tion and mileage of members of the House of
Representatives and Delegates from Territories
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, and
for other purposes. The committee direct me
to move concurrence in the amendment of the
Senate.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add tlic following as a ncwsection :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the sum of
SI,400,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated,
to supply a deficiency in the appropriation lor the
expenses of collecting the revenue from customs for
the fiscal year ending June 30,3870, and that the sum
of $20,000 be appropriated for the payment of lees
to special counsel in such cases wherein the United
States are parties in interest, as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem it neccssary and proper to em-
ploy the same, to be disbursed under hi3 direction.
Mr. BEAMAN. I demand the previous
question.
ilr. 1IOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
give us some explanation.
Mr. BEAMAN. This matter has been fully
discussed in the Senate, and gentlemen who
have taken occasion to read the Globe are, of
course, familiar with the question. But if any
explanation is desired I will ask the Clerk to
read the documents on the subject from the
Treasury Department.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The Globe
has become too large now-a-duys for any human
being to read. Of course we want an explan-
ation.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Warrant Division,
Treasury Department, April 4, 1870.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that there
will bo a deficiency probably in the appropriation
for " collecting the revenue from customs" for the
current fiscal year of £>1.412,li7, and to request that
an appropriation for this amount may be included in
the deficiency bill now before the Senate.
The cause of this deficiency may bo explained as
follows:
First. The available balance atthe commencement
of the current fiscal year was $84,771 33 less than at
the commencement of the fiscal year preceding.
Second. The amount estimated as receipts from
fines, &c., is $353,334 48 less than the actual receipts
for the preceding year, which is explained by the fact
that comparatively fow compromises have been made
during the £ear, and that many eases which might
have been compromised aro now in courfc awaiting
adjudication.
Third. There has been an increase of the expenses
during this year of $994,041 14. A portion of this in-
crease is of a temporary character, and other portions
have been incurred in on effort to mcrcaso the effi-
ciency of the revenue system.
Inclosed I hand you a statement of this account,
which will show you how this estimate is arrived at.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
GEOBGE S. B0UTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon.Lot M. Morrill, Chairman Committeeon Appro-
priations, United States Senate.
Collecting the Revenue from Customs.
Expenditure for first three quarters of the fiscal
year $1,740,584 45
Estimated expenditure for last quarter of
fiscal year  l,5S0,19i82
Total 6,320,779 27
Specific appropriation for the service of
the current fecal year made by act of
May3,1866,(14 Statutes, 35i)$4,200,000 00
Estimated rcceiptsfrom lines,
«fec., appropriated to this ac-
count by same act  708,632 27
   4,908,632 27
Doficicncy $1,412,147 00
Note.—The estimated receipts from fines, &o., are
based upon the actual receipts lor the first two auar-
ters of the fiscal year.
Warrant Division,
Treasury Department, May 7,1S70.
Sin: In farther explanation of the deficiency on
account of "collecting the revenue from customs,"
for which an appropriation was asked in my letter to
you of April 4, I incloso you statements A, show-
ing the remittances to the five principal ports during
the six months ending December 31, 1868, and De-
cember 31, 1869. compared, B. showing the receipts
at same ports for same period, compare i, and C,
showing the receipts and the expenditures for sala-
ries and current expenses at all port*? for the six
months from July 1 to December 31,1863, and from
July 1 to December 31, 180U, compared.
By theso statements it appears that the revenue at
the five principal ports for tho six months ending
December 31,1869, was $6,109,877 76 greater than for
the corresponding six months of tho preceding year.
This inci eased revenue waseollecied at an increased
cost for salaries and current expenses of $211,809 91,
and the indications aro that the revenue for the
remaining six months will show a more than corre-
sponding increase, while it is believed the rclativo
increase of expenditures will be much smaller.
From statement C it will be seen that tho entire cus-
toms revenue has been increased $7,270,011 43 during
the same period, at an increased cost of $504,01118 lor
salaries and current expenses. In addition to the
salaries and currcnt expenses tliero arc numerous
incidental charges against this appropriation which
help to increase tliedeficit, and which cannot readily
bo shown without entering into minute details.
Assuming that for the remainingsixinonths of tho
year tho increased cost will be the same, wo then have
$1,008.02230 as the actual increased cost of collection.
Add the deficiency in the amount available as_ ex-
plained in my previous letter, namely, $64.7/1 3$
decrease in unexpended balance, and $353,331 48
decrease in amount derived from fines, penalties,
and forfeitures, and we have a gross deficiency of
$1,420,128 12, or $18,981 12 more than the amount
asked to be appropriated.
It is not practicable to estimate tho exact defi
ciency which will bo required, astheexigenciesof the-
service vary very much. In order to secure a proper
and efficient collection of the revenue it is import-
ant that a sufficient appropriation should always be
availablo to prevent tho Department from being
crippled in its efforts to thateml from lack of means.
The customs revenue for tho fiscal year ending
June30, 1869,was over one hundred and eighty mil-
lion dollars; and for the currcnt fiscal year it will bo
over one hundred and ninety million dollars. The
estimated cost of collecting this, as given in my pre-
vious letter, was $6,320,000, or a little more than one
third of one per cent.
In reference to the cause of the £1,000,000 increase-
in the cost of collection. I remark generally that 1
have in some instances increased the salaries of the
more responsible and arduous positions at several
of the ports, but tho mam bulk of the increase is
due to tho increase of force made necessary by tho
greatly increased business.
It should be observed, also, that the increase of
imports, excluding free, goods, during the first cisht
months of the present fiscal year was $27,271,250, and
of this amount $18,304,314, or about two thirds uf
tho wiiolo excels paid a duty of thirty and seven
tenths of one per cent., or about seventeen per-
cent, less than tho average rate of duty on all
goods imported subject to duty. Ihe result or tins*
is, that the average rate of duty on goods im-
ported is considerably less than it was during the
first eight months of the preceding'fiscal year, anu
also that the amount of work performed at the
custom-houses has been disproportionate increased
as compared with the increase of gross revenues
received.
