8X18
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLQB&
April 30,
submit the proposition of his colleague, [Mr.
Van Trump.]
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I did not understand that
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means objected to the proposition of hi8 col-
league, [Mr. Vax Trump.]
The SPEAKER. Nor did the Chair so un-
derstand.
Mr. FINKELNBURG rose.
The SPEAKER. The motion is-not debat-
able.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. With the consent
of the Souse I desire to ask a question of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
whether he considers it absolutely necessary
that this recess should betaken at all; whether
we cannot work right along until the final ad-
journment f
Mr. ROOTS. I am willing for that. Ihop6
the motion of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means will be voted down.
Mr. PAINE. I would ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means how long
he supposes the session will last ? [Laughter. J
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means whether he
will not consent to modify his motion so as to
have the adjournment from Friday till Tuesday ?
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
so to modify his motion if he thinks proper.
Mr. SCHENCK. My only object in this
matter is to accommodate the House. I desire
to answera question put to me by the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Finkelnburg] as to the
necessity atall for this motion.' This has always
been done during the long session running into
the hot weather. And when the gentleman
has had experienceof one of these long sessions
he will find that it is absolutely essential to
health and cleanliness that at some time,usually
early in May, we shall have-the House cleaned,
the carpets which have been for winter use
taken up, and matting laid down, <fcc. I must,
therefore, persist in the motion to adjourn over
three days. I would myself individually pre-
fer to adjourn over from Friday till Tuesday^
A great number of members have, however,
remonstrated with me and said they preferred
to adjourn from Thursday till Monday. I sug-
gest that a vote be first taken on ray motion to
adjourn from Thursday till Monday, with the
understanding that if that foils a motion will
be made to adjourn from Friday till Tuesday.
The question was taken on Mr. Schenck's
motion ; and it was agreed to—ayes85, noes 32.
So it was ordered that when the House ad-
journs on Thursday next it adjourn to meet on
the following Monday.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed t6; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed'to.
tributes to abraham lincoln.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back, with an amendment, a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 77) authorizing the dis-
tribution of the copies remaining in the De-
partment of State of the Tributes of the
Nations to Abraham Lincoln.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is that a privileged re-
port ? It does not relate to printing, but to the
distribution of donations to members. Is the
committee authorized to report at any time any-
thing except bills and resolutions forpriating?
The SPEAKER. This resolution was re-
ferred to the committee, and the rule states
that the Committee on Printing is authorized
to report at any time. It is for the House to
say what they will do with the report, but the
Chair is unable under the rules to prescribe
what they shall report. . ,
The joint resolution provides that the copies
of the Tributes of the Nations to Abraham
Lincoln remaining in theDepartment of State
shall be distributed as follows, to wit: one copy
to each Senator and member of the House.of
Representatives of the FqrW-First. Coqgress
who has not already received a copy, ana the
remainder to be distributed by the Secretary
of State to the public .libraries in the United
States, and to such persons as in the judgment
of the Secretary it shall seem proper.
The amendment reported from the Commit-
tee on Printing was to strike out all after the
words "to wit" and insert in lieu thereof the
following:. .
Three copies to each Senator and member of the
House of Representatives of the Forty-First Con-
gress, and the remainder to be distributed by th#
Secretary of State to such persona at he shallindi-
cate, the Secretary of State having the authority to
have refinished at the Government Printing Office
such copies as nifty need the same.
Mr. LAFLIN. This resolution demand? but
a moment's explanation. There are in the
possession of the Secretary of State, and have
been for some time, a- number of copies of
the Tributes of the Nations to Abraham Lin-
coln, somewhere about a thousand, and this
resolution provides that all of them, with the
exception of somewhere about thirty-five,
shall be distributed proportionately between
Senators and members, giving tbree to each.
A portion of those books have b$en badly dam-
aged by improper storage, and this resolution
provides that the Secretary of State may have
such books refinished at the Government Print-
ing Office. I now move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to a third reading; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.'
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
a. f. m'millan.
Mr.. ALLISON. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER- The morning hour com-
mences at twenty five minutes to one o'clock,
the call of committees for reports of a private
nature being in order, and the House resumes
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1831)
for the relief of A. F. McMillan, reported yes-
terday from the Committee oh Military Affairs
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pack-
ard.]
The bill, was read. It directs the Pay mas
ter General 6f the Army to pay to A. F. Mc-
Millaii, late captain company F, first United
States colored artillery, heavy, out of any
money appropriated for the pay of the Army,
three months' pay proper of a captain of heavy
artillery.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
rfead a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PACKARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table..
The latter motion was agreed to.
. joiin griffin.
Mr. PACKARD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back the petition of
John Griffin, of Milford, Massachusetts, for
special relief, and moved that the committee
be discharged from its farther consideration,
and that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and it-was ordered
accordingly.
pbtrr m. jonte.
Mr. PACKARD, from the same-committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1901) for the relief
of Peter M. Jonte; which was read a first and
second time. _ _.; ■
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay Peter
M. Jonte. late second lieutenant of company
E, one hundred and seventeenth regiment
United States colored troops, at the rate of the
regular pay and allowances of officers of that
rank in the Army from June 9, 1805, to July
22, 1805, inclusive.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PACKARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter m«tion was agreed to.
FBANCI9 A. CONWKia,.
Mr. PACKARD, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1902) for the relief
of Francis A. Conwell; which was read a first
and Seeond time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of War to'cause to be paid to F. E. Con-
well the full pay and emoluments of chaplain
of the'first regiment of Minnesota volunteers
from May 6, 1804, to July 27, 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PACKARD fnoved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john powers.
Mr. PACKARD. I have a resolution here
which I would like to have adopted, though it
does not come from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
No objection was made; and the following
resolutioa was received and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of grant-
ing; a pension to John Powers, of Fulton county,
Indiana, a soldier of the war of 1812.
| ANN M'CAUTHY.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs,' reported a bill (II.
Rv No. .1908) to authorize the payment of
bounty to Ana McCarthy ; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Second
Auditor of the Treasury to issue a certificate
for a bounty of $100, payable to Ann McCar-
thy, of Boston, Massachusetts, in lieu of Treas-
ury certificate No. 309159, payable to John
McCarthy, father of said Ann McCarthy, upon
the surrender of said Treasury certificate.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time 5 and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion' to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JA^tES <3. STRONG.
Mr. COBB,, of Wisconsin, also reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs a bill
(Hi R. No. 1904) for the relief of James C.
Strong; which was read a first and second time.
I The question was upon ordering the biU to
be engrossed and read a third time.
j The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
| retary of War to recognize James C. Strong
, as colonel of the thirty-eighth consolidated
! regiment of New York volunteers, fromNovem*
, ber 10, 1862, to June 22, 1863. and directs the
Paymaster General to pay to said James C.
Strong the full pay and allowances of colonel
1 for said period. -
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
; read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
I accordingly read the third time, and, passed.
