2174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
tive in Congress from Nevada misrepresented
their constituents ?
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; not at all; there
is just the error into which the gentleman
falls ; and I do not wish him to remain in that
error or to betray the House into it. I believe
that Adolpli Sutro himself and the Nevada
Senators placed a different construction on
that lav/ from that which Sutro put upon jt_ in
October last, and which induced these mining
companies to consult their lawyers to ascer-
tain whether that was the true construction
of the statute. The original law was under-
stood by the Nevada Senators and by Sutro
himself as confirming certain contracts. The
construction now contended for is that it annuls
certain contracts so far as Sutro himself is con-
cerned, while giving him the benefit of the
royalty. This I would say in reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood
ward,] is the reason why this question cannot
go to the courts. As was said by the chairman
of the committee, although in terms which I
do not like to use with regard to so large a body
of our citizens, these men have now and had at
the time of the passage of the law nothing more
than a mere possessory title to these mines.
The United States could fix any condition it
saw lit upon the continuance of their posses-
sion. Congress could require the miners to
give half of their gross earnings to the public
Treasury, or to Mr. Sutro, or to any other man
whatever. There was no power of resistance
on their part to any such conditions or any
other. If Congress saw fit to impose any such
requirements, however hard, as a condition
of the patents, it was not a legal question which
the courts could reach, because no one can
doubt the power of the United States to im-
po.M? such conditions. The courts cannot grant
relief.
It was understood when the law was originally
passed that this royalty was dependent upon
the performance of the contract; but recently,
m October last, when this man Sutro published
an advertisement for the sale of his stock (and
this tunnel scheme is a stock-jobbing operation
and nothing else) he for the first time claimed
that he was entitled to this royalty, although
the time had long gone by within which ho
should have commenced his tunnel and he had
not commenced it, and although these miners
themselves had built by largo subscriptions a
railroad costing $1,500,000 for the purpose of
transporting their ore to the mills, and had also
incurred great expense in the erection of hoist-
ing machinery and other appliances which dis-
pense entirely with any necessity which there
may ever have been for this tunnel.
1 submit, sir, that unless Congress will now
declare by an act, of legislation that the con-
tracts shall bo binding according to their ori-
ginal intention there is nothing for the courts
to do if this question should be brought before
them, except to decide that Congress had the
power to impose these conditions in the grant to
those minors, however aggravating or unjust.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to say a word with
regard to this terrible shadow, the Bank of
California. In the first place, I scarcely know
one of its officers by sight; I never have had
any business connection with the institution or
its officers in any shape. I have never received
any favors from them in any way, and never
expect to receive any. But I will say that every
scoundrel who comes to Washington with a
scheme that he wants to gel through Congress
abuses the Bank of California as the best capi-
tal toward carrying his project. This has be-
come a great scandal and offense. Further-
more, I do not think it looks well for gentlemen
on this floor to have these things in their mouths
when they confess that they have accepted the
hospitality of the managers of the Bank of
California, (hospitality never accepted by me ;)
that they have sat at the tables of those gentle-
men, ridden in their carriages, become the
confidants of their plans, like the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,] and then assume
to reveal those plans and denounce their
authors. Our people may soon look askance
at distinguished visitors. The propriety of such
conduct is, however, a matter of taste, and I
am no gentleman's censor. I will only say that
William C. Ralston, of San Francisco, presi-
dent.of the bank, and Mills, of Sacramento,
one of its chief directors, gentlemen of princely
fortune and hospitality, may relish the good
opinion of their late guests.
But common justice compels me to repel the
misstatements of superficial prejudice. For
instance, thegentleman asserted that the efforts
of the Bank of California prevented the adop-
tion of greenbacks in California. This was
not so. The amendment of our practice act,
which authorized a judgment to follow the
contract and be payable in the kind of money
promised, was passed long before the Bank of
California was organized ; and this was all the
act of the State in regard to the matter, and
controlled and expressed its policy. The Su-
preme Court of the United States has since
recognized this as proper, and such is the better
legal opinion. It was not dictated by want of
patriotism, for no people were more patriotic
during the war than Californians. At any rate
the Bank of California had no existence when
the financial policy of the State in this matter
was determined.
So far as regards the bank's influence or
attempt at influence in Washington, I will say
that for more than a year past, while I have
been here, I have never seen or heard of any
agent of that institution here. I have never
seen in the Washington papers articles ema-
nating from them or dictated by them or in their
interest; while I have seen, from week to week
and from day to day, articles filled with out-
pourings against the Bank of California, some
from this fellow, Sutro, and some from other
schemers. But let me ask, as a matter of
justice, this question : suppose that the Bank
of California owned some of the stock of this
company ; suppose it has interests there ; are
you therefore to refuse justicc because you do
justice to them? I would not argue a prop-
osition like that; and yet it seems that is
all there is of these assaults on that institution
here.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I beg of the House that
a dispassionate view may be taken of this sub-
ject. I have not brought this measure forward,
i am not interested in it. It does not affect my
State ; but as a member of the committee to
which the House referred it I gave it a careful
and patient examination. I have found my-
self, somewhat to my surprise, in a minority
of one of the committee, by some means I could
not clearly understand from anything appar-
ently warranting it in the discussions before the
committee. It seemed to me that arguments
were made in the matter which I never heard;
that arguments were made to the members of
the committee elsewhere than in the committee-
rootn. I found myself suddenly alone. Then,
as a clear, cold, legal proposition, I sat myself
down to write my judgment on the matter, and
published it in the form of a report. That is
my whole connection with the case, and I am
as dispassionate as any one in the matter. 1
say if Congress thinks it right to give this,
which was neverintended to be given to Adolph
Sutro, I cannot resist the will of Congress;
but if, on the other hand, those great companies
of miners which sustain two large cities, who
have by their industry and energy developed
that great ledge'to the extent it has been de-
veloped, and who come here and beg of this
Congress to give them the relief which they
cannot have from the courts—I say if they are
worthy of consideration by Congress, then all I
ask of the House is that they may have justice,
and not because one man may be here begging
in his own interest, as he has been for several
years past, and urging it personally upon mem-
bers of Congress, that the voice of one hundred
thousand men in their distant homes shall lie
prevented from being heard.
I yield now five minutes to my colleague,
i [Mr. Axtell.]
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, I shall not
attempt to express any opinion whatever in
relation to the usefulness of this Sutro tunnel.
How far a tunnel running to a mountain can
benefit claims which lie a half or three quar-
ters of a mile distant is a question to be an-
swered by miners, and I agree entirely with
the view, so far as the statement is concerned,
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,]
that this matter has passed into the history ot
this House that Nevada at the time she asked
for this tunnel thought it would do a great deal
of good in developing the main ledge of the
country. When Mr. Sutro came here asking
Congress for the right of way and the right to
such lodes as he might prospect or discover in
running the tunnel, and the right of entering
certain timber lands, I was heartily desirous that
he should get those rights. In addition to that,
and in order to reimburse him for the expense
of making that tunnel, he entered into agree-
ment with those who were considered the own-
ers of the mines. It is true, in one sense of
the word, the fee-simple or title was in the
United States ; but these men who had gone on
and discovered the mines, who had prospected
them, were treated by Congress, treated by the
United States, treated everywhere as the own-
ers, treated as men who had done a merito-
rious thing in going out and discovering and
developing these mines.
The question was how far these miners or
owners should be compelled to pay for this
great work, or whether Congress intends to
compel them to pay two dollars o, ton inde-
pendent of any agreement they should make.
It is stated by the chairman of the committee
that Congress had the right to do so. Is it or
was it the intention of Congress to compel them
to do this thing, before they can have their
right to compel them to pay two dollars for
using this work? They entered into agree-
ments with Mr. Sutro, and those agreements
had conditions. Does Congress intend they
shall pay independent of these agreements
All that the bill of the minority asks is that
those agreements shall be kept according to
their terms and according to their conditions.
The argument here is that they shall pay this
man independent of their agreement. It is a
forced contribution of men who are owners of
certain property to pay for a work not accord-
ing to the agreements which they signed. It is
requiring them to pay for the v/ork whether
they desire it or not. Now, all that wc ask,
all that the bill of the minority of the commit-
tee now before the House asks, is that Con-
gress shall say, before we go into the courts,
that we shall only be compelled to pay accord-
ing to the terms of our agreement. We ask
that Congress shall not exercise its power,
because it holds the fee-simple of the ground
to compel those men to pay two dollars a ton.
If you can do that you could compel them to
pay ten dollars or forty dollars a ton, or to
give up their mines; if you have the power to
do the one thing you have the power to do the
other. The act says that it shall be the con-
dition of the patent being issued that these par-
ties shall pay the two dollars a ton irrespective
of the agreements then entered into. That we
desire to have changed by this bill, and that is
all we desire to have changed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. There is another point to
which my attention has been ealled on which I
desire to make a remark. And that is whether
Mr. Sutro himself knew at the time when the
original law was passed that it did not bear
the construction now claimed for it by himself.
The acts and declarations of Mr. Sutro him-
self are the best evidence on that point. The
law was passed in 1866. It affirmed certain
contracts which were then existing. Those
contracts were to expire in 1867, the time for
commencing the work. Now, Mr. Sutro went
to those mining companies—this is admitted
