1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3119
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to reeon-
ajder the vote by which the bill was passed;
 Dd also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
nowktt ii. trask.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1906)
for the relief of Howell H. Trask; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Pay-
master General of the Army to pay Howell H.
Trask, late lieutenant in thirteenth regiment
of Michigan infantry, out of any money appro-
priated for the pay of the Army, the sum of
S5S5 61.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the report be
read.
The report was read. It states that Howell
II. Trask was secoud lieutenant of the thir-
teenth regiment of Michigan infantry, and was
honorably mustered out May 25,1865, and after
bis discharge authorized Wolff & Hunt, attor-
neys, Washington city, to collect the back pay
due him. The attorneys received a check on
the Merchants' National Bank of Washing
ton, and upon presenting it for payment they
were given by the cashier of said bank a draft
on the Ocean National Bank of New York,
which draft they forwarded to said Trask, who
then resided in the State of Michigan; that
Trask sold the draft to a mercantile firm who
sent it to New York for collection ; that in the
mean time the Merchants' National Bank of
Washington failed, and the draft was returned
protested, Trask being obliged to return to
the merchants the money he had received for
it. The committee are of opinion that while
the Government is not legally responsible to
the amount thus lost, it ought in justice to make
it good to the soldier, inasmuch as the loss was
occasioned by the vicious system of permitting
paymasters to draw large amounts from the
Treasury and deposit the same in banks. Had
the funds been kept in the Treasury instead
of deposited with that irresponsible and dis-
honest banking institution no loss would have
occurred. The committee believe the Govern-
ment should be held responsible for the results
of that vicious system, and that the soldier
ought not to suffer.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Wisconsin whether the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have considered the
propriety of reporting a general bill covering
all cases like this ? 1 here are not a large num-
ber, but still a good many similar cases -within
my knowledge, arising in different parts of the
country, and particularly in this city. It will
be remembered that two or three years ago a
bank in this city, called, I believe, the Mer-
chants' National Bank, failed. One of our
paymasters charged with the duty of paying to
a certain class of soldiers their arrears of pay
and bounty had a deposit in the bank, and at
the time of its failure his checks were in many
instances outstanding. Consequently some
$8,000 in the aggregate, in cases that have
come to my knowledge, have been lost to various
soldiers who held checks of that sort, I sub-
mit that Congress ought in honor to provide
for the payment of all such claims if it author-
izes the payment of any; and I am prepared
to vote for a general bill for this purpose. I
trust the Committee on Military Affairs will at
a proper time report such a measure,
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. This case is one
identical in character with those alluded to by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.]
I will say in reply to his inquiry that this is
the only case of the kind, so far as I know,
that has come before the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs; hence they have not considered
the propriety of a general bill. I think, how-
ever, that any claim based on similar facts
would receive the favorable action of that com-
mittee, or I doubt not of any other appropriate
committee to which it might be referred.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have no disposition to
oppose the passage of this particular bill; I'
think we ought to pay such claims as this; but
I suggest to the gentleman the propriety of
allowinc this bill to be recommitted, with in-
structions to the committee to report a general.
measure covering all such cases. The number
of these cases is not large, but they are suffi-
ciently numerous to demand the attention of
the House.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. " Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof." The committee
has received no official knowledge of any other,
cases, and hence I cannot accede to the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Indiana that,
the bill be recommitted.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the rote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FIRST NEW YORK MOUNTED RIFLES.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs a bill (H.
It. No. 1906) providing for the payment of
veteran bounty to certain enlisted men of the
first regiment of New York mounted rifles;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to pay to such enlisted men of
! the first regiment of New York mounted rifles
as reenlisted as veterans the bounty provided
by law and paid to other veteran volunteers. ■
Mr. HOLMAN. Reserving my right to raise,
a point of order on this bill, which appropri-
ates money out of the 'Treasury, I ask that the
report be read.
The report was read. The committee state
that in their, opinion the members of the
regiment who were reenlisted as veteran vol-
unteers are equitably entitled to receive the
bounty paid to other veterans. For a state-
ment of the facts of the case they refer to a
letter of the Secretary of War accompanying
the report. The letter, which is dated January
27, 1870, states that as the soldiers referred to
were undoubtedly veterans, and were reen-
listed iu the same manner as veteran volun-
teers, though at a subsequent date, there being
at the time a misunderstanding of the law ana
regulations on the subject, and as no prece-
dent injurious to the United States would be
established by extending to their case the favor-
able action it appears to merit, no objection is
i perceived to the enactment of a special act for
their relief.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
B. RAFF.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the same
committee, also reported a bill (H. R. No.
1907) for the relief of B. Raff; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, directs that the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau re-
turn to the Secretary of the Treasury Treas-
ury certificate No. 411010, issued for the pay-
ment of $300 bounty to John H. Henderson, a
soldier of company E, twenty-third regiment
of United States colored troops, which soldier
died since his discharge, leaving no heirs, and
on receipt of the same the Secretary of the
Treasury is directed to pay said certificate in
the following manner, namely, $60 50_ to B.
Raff, of Washington, Districtof Columbia, and
the remainder thereof into the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the report be
read.
Mr. COBB,of Wisconsin. Thereis no written
report in this case.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the payment of
this money for?
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. The facts are
about as follows: this colored soldier was mus-
tered out, but there was nothing due him. He
was in a destitute condition, without clothing
and without any means to return to his home.
Mr. Raff furnished him with the means of
clothing himself and to return home. After bis
return he sickened and died. He left no heirs.
The committee think that the money advanced
by Mr. Raff should be paid out of the bounty-
money due this colored soldier. Mr. Raff had
no connection with .soldiers' discharges, &c.,
as a broker, and he should be reimbursed what
he advanced. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. lltftlANY BROWN.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1908)
for the relief of Mrs. Ruhany Brown; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of War shall be directed to place the
name of Henry. Brown upon the rolls of com-
pany H, tenth regiment of Tennessee cavalry,
as having enlisted on the 1st day of September,
18G3, and as having died at Richmond on the
31st day of January, 1864; and thereupon the
proper accounting officers of the Government
j shall pay to Mrs. Ruhany Brown, widow of said
Henry Brown, the pay, bounty, and allow-
ance for commutation of rations due him, and
I to which she would have been entitled had his
name not been erroneously omitted from the
! rolls of his company.
j Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I call for the
| previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. Being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed',-
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1909)
to provide for payment of bounties to certain
officers of volunteers; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that each
and every commissioned officer who entered
the Array of the United States as an enlisted
man after the 19th of April, 1881, for a period
of not less than three years, and was promoted
from a private or non commissioned officer to
the rank of a commissioned officer, and was
afterward, while holding the same rank to
which he was promoted, honorably discharged
on account of wounds received in the line of
duty, and whose pay and allowances for the
f>eriod he served as a commissioned officer were
ess than the amount he would have received
as pay and bounty for the same period had he
continued to serve as a private or non-com-
missioned officer, shall be entitled to receive
such sum as bounty as will, together with the
amount he received as pay and allowances as
a commissioned officer, equal the amount lie
would have received as pay and bounty had he
