5008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Mr. BECK. We have examined the ques-
tion, and recommend non-concurrence in all
the Senate amendments relative to these trea-
ties. I have brought up this question now for
the purpose of getting the sense of the House
upon it, hoping that the House will agree with
the Committee on Appropriations, non-concur
in the Senate amendments, and instruct the
committee of conference on the part of the
House to take action accordingly.
The Senate claims to have an advantage of
us on these questions, and the House may as
well understand it. On the 20th of July, 18G7,
Congress passed a law which contains the fol-
lowing provisions. (See 15 Statutes-at-Large,
page 17.) Section one of the act provides:
" That the President of the United States be, and
lie is hereby, authorized to ;ippomt a commission, to
consist of three otliceis of the Army not below the
rank of brigadier general) who, together with N. G.
Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs; John 13.
Hcudeison, eliaiiniun of the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the Senate; S. 1)\ Tappan, and John 33.
Banborn, shall have power and authority to call
together the chiefs and head men of such bands or
tribes of Indians as arenow waging war against the
United States or committing depredations upon the
people thereof, to ascertain the alleged reasons tor
their act.-, of hostility, and in their discretion, under
the direetionof the President, to make andconeludo
with said bands or tribes such treaty stipulations,
subject to the action ot the Senate, as may remove
all just causes of complainton their part, and atthe
same time establish security for person and property
alone the lines of railroad now being constructed to
the Paciiic and othei thoroughfares of travel to the
western Territories, and such as will most likely
insure civilization for the Indians and peaco and
safety for the whites."
By section two of I his act it is provided that
the commissioners may select districts of coun-
try as reservations for all roaming bands of
Indians and locate them there, stating that—
" Said district or districts when so selected, and the
selection approved by Congress, shall be and remain
permanent homes lor said Indians to bo located
thereon; and no persons not members of said tribes
shall ever be permitted to enter thereon without the
permission of the tl-ibes interested, except ollicors or
employes ol the United States."
The treaty with the Sioux Indians of April
29, 18G8, United States Statutes-at-Iaii'ge, vol-
ume fifteen, page G3£>, gives as good an idea as
any other of the character of those treaties. I
will iuseit articles eleven and fcixteen of this
treaty in my remarks:
"Art. 11. In consideration of the advantages and
benefits con terrell by J bis treaty and the many pledges
of friendship by the United States the 1 noes who arc
parties to this agieemeot hereby stipulate that they
will relinquish all right, to occupy permanently the
territory outside their reservation as herein delined,
but yet reserve the right to hunt on any land north
oltheS oi ill Plat te and on the J tepubliean I'orkof the
Stnokv Hill river so long as the bnix.ilo may range
thereon in such numbers as lo justily the chase."
" Aicr. 10. Tile tlniled States hereby agrees and
plipuiotes tiiat the country north of the North Platte
river, and east of the summits ot Iheliigllorn mount-
ains, shall be held and considered to be unceded
Indian tenitoiy, and also st'pulates and agrees that
no white person or persons shall be permitted to set-
tie upon or occupy any portion of the same, or with-
outthe consent of the Indians liisthadand obtained
to pass through the same: audit is furtheragreed by
the United Slates, that within ninety days after tlio
conclusion of peace with all the bands of the Sioux
nation the military post3 now established in the ter-
ritory in this arlicle named shall be abandoned, and
that the road leading to them and by them to the
settlements in the Territory of Montana shall bo
closed."
The House will observe that while the first
section of the act confers the power to make
treaties with the Indians, the second provides
that the selection of the reservations must he
approved by Congress. That has not been
done, and 1 hope this House will never do it.
The articles of the treaty above quoted show
that the Indians are allowed to roam at large
and hunt over more than half the States of
Kansas and Nebraska, crossing two of the
great railroads of the country; and article six-
teen gives up a country outside of their reser-
vations larger than many of the States of the
Union. Such treaties ought never to be sanc-
tioned by us. If they are, the power of the
House over appropriations is gone, and all
that vast country will be a wilderness for thirty
years.
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man one other question. If we make this
appropriation now will it not operate as a pre-
cedent, and oblige us to make similar aporo-
priations annually for thirty years ?
Mr. BECK. It will. ,
Mr. ALLISON. And how much money ■
will that involve in the aggregate?
Mr. BECK. From fifty to sixty million dol-
lars, according to the calculation of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, will be required to
carry out these treaties.
Mr. LA.WRENCE. The amount will be J
nearer $90,000,000.
Mr. BECK. My colleague on the commit- j
tee [Mr. Lawrence] says that $90,000,000 will j
be nearer the amount; but certainly it cannot
be less than $00,000,000. We were very much j
opposed to any action which will entail such i
an expense upon the Government; and we ;
hope the House will non-concur in the Senate ■
amendments. j
Mr. PAINIS. Mr. Speaker, I hope the re- j
port of the Committee on Appropriations will j
be sustained by the House. I trust we shall ]
not concur in the Senate amendments. I hope
the lecommeudation of the committee will be !
followed. This will not involve any breach :
of plighted faith; it will not involve any dis- 3
regard oi" any contract that may have been |
made by the Government. It will be perfectly :
consistent for this IIouso to refuse to ratify ;
those treaties as such, to refuse to make any ;!
appropriation to carry them out as treaties, '
and atthe same time make such arrangements
as shall amount to an absolute compliance with
every undertaking the Government has ever
lawfully made, a complete discharge of eveiy
obligation resting upon the Government.
If we are lawfully bound in any way to make
any provision for the Indians, whether by virtue
of contracts made by the President by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, without
any antecedent legal authority, or by virtue of
contracts made by the President and Senate,
in pursuance of express legal authority or
otherwise—however the obligation may have
been incurred, I trust we are all in favor of
discharging the obligation m its letter and its
spirit. But, Mr. Speaker, 1 for one am opposed
to any further recognition of tiie right ou the
part of the President and Senate to negotiate
treaties, as such, with the Indians as foreign
nations, as sovereign Powers. If there is any
occasion for the making of compacts or stipu-
lations or bargains by the President and the
Senate with the Indians now within the limits
of the United States, and if any moral obliga-
tions shall result from those stipulations or
bargains, let ns fulfill them in their broadest
scope. But let us never again recognize any
constitutional right on the part of the Presi-
dent of tile United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to negotiate
a treaty with an Indian tribe as a sovereign
Power, as a foreign nation. If it be a contract
of valid moral obligation, let us fulfill it; hut
let us never again, by any legislation to which
this House shall give its consent, sanctity it
as a treaty between sovereign Powers.
Now, if these Indians referred to in the Sen-
ate amendment, have any just claim against the
Government of the United States, let us pay
it fully : but let us not consent to this Senate
amendment, which requires us to make this
appropriation because m 18G7 and in 1800 the
President and the Senate agreed by treaty to do
it. I shall therefore vote tor the recommenda-
tion of the committee, and against the Senate
amendment; and I trust that ail these recom-
mendations of the House Committee on Appro-
priations on this subject will be concurred in
by the unanimous vote of the House.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, in reference to
which the Committee on Appropriations rec-
ommended non-concurrence.
The amendment was nun-concurred in.
Mr. SAUGKNT. The Committee on Appro-
priations, besides the printed list of recom-
mendations, have instructed me to move con-
currence in some amendments with amend-
ments.
The Clerk lead as follows ;
Thirteenth amendment of the Senate.
Insert as follows:
For this amount, improperly diverted from the
sum of $10,000 heretofore appropriated to defray the
expenses of negotiating treaty with the Creek nation
of Indians, as provided in the fourteenth article of
the treaty of June 11,1866, to be paid to the proper
authorities of the Crock nation, $1,482.
For this amount, to be expended in the repair of
the mission school building near tho Arkansas river,
$1,000.
1-ci* this amount, belonging to certain Creek re-
serves under the treaty of 1332, withheld from them
and in the hands of the late Creek agent, W.H. Gar-
rett, at the time of his death, to be paid to said
reserves or to their heirs under the direction of tho
Secretary of tho Lntenor, and if said claimants can-
not be identified, then to be paid to the authorities
of tho Creek nation for national expenses, $723 77.
Por the fulfillment of the provisions of the third
and fourth articles of the treaty with the Creek
nation, conoludcd June 11,1803, from the proceeds
of sales of lands to the Seminoles, to be applied pro
rant on the several amounts awarded and approved
by the Secretary of the Interior, $103,000, payment
to bo made to each claimant, or to his or her heirs in
person.
Mr. SAIiGENT. I move concurrence, with
au amendment to strike out all bat the last
clause.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Fifteenth amendment of the Senate, insert:
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to carry into effect the provisions of the
ninth article of the treaty of July 4, 18GG, with the
Dekr.Yaie Indians, by a division ofmoney and stocks
held by the United Sfcntes in trust for them, between
tho twentv iJelawaros who have elected to become
citizens and the residue of said nation, £22,7li '23;
of which £8,030 09 shall be deducted from tho money
credits of said naiion, and 613,777 5G, to be taken
equitably from then* several kinds of stocks, shall
be translerred to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
become the property of the United States.
Mr. SAUGKNT. I move to concur in that.
The SPEAKER. It is non-concurred in in
the printed list.
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir. The committee
now recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows :
Seventy-sixth amendment of tho Semite, inson:
Skc. 11. And he it farther enacted, That tho Secre-
tary of the Interior be, and hereby is, directed t->
cause to be investigated and to determine tho cla ims
of certain Indians of the Winneh>igo tribo now law-
fully residing in the State of Minnesota: to issue
patents without the right of alienation to those ot
them whom he shal] had to be entitled thereto for
the lands heretolore allotted to them in severalty or
which may have been designated by them for allot-
ment under the pio visions oft fie treaty ratified Maiv.li
10,1S01. or of an act entitled "An act for theromovil
oi the Winnebago Indians, and for tho sale of their
reservation in Minnesotalor their benefit, "approved
IV bt udi y -1,1863, and which may not have been sold
or disposed of bv the United States ; and in case of
such sale, then such land as may hereafter be desig-
nated by them lor allotment as aforesn'd out oi «u;y
unsold land-' within the limits of said Winnebago
reservation m Minnesota ; and should it be lmprae-
tieii-ble to make such allotments within the Jimit^of
said icservation on ^ood agricultural land?, then
they mry he made on any public lands of the United
States subiect to sate at private entry within the
State of Minnesota. And the said Winnebago In-
dians and all others boing members of said tiibe law-
fully residing in the State of Minnesota shali here-
after oc entitled to receive their jno rata distributive
propoi lion of ail annuities in goods, money, or prop-
erty, ami any oilier moneys to which said tribe is or
may be entitled under any law or treaty now in
ioree, at their homes in Minnesota, the snine as
taoui,h they had removed "West and settled with the
western Y\ innebagoes.
.Mr. SAltGENT. I move concurrence in
that amendment, with un amendment to strike
out these words, which are a wrong reference :
Or of an act entitled "An act for the removal of
tho >V inncbago_ Indians, and tor the sale of their
reservation in Minnesota for their benefit," approved
February 21, l«b3.
The motion was agreed to ; and the amend-
ment, as amended, was concurred, in.
The Clerk read as follows :
Seventy-fifth amendment of the Senate, insert:
Sko.10. And hp it furl her enacted, That said proceeds
shall be distributed and paid equitably to the said In-
dians in proportion to their numbers, under tho direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, and in aceord-
rmce with existing laws: Provided, That this provision
shall apply only to the funds to be hereafter distrib-
uted, and with tho advice and consent of the Senate.
