218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 28.
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Asper.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. ASPER. No, sir; it increases the duty
on various kinds of lumber about 25 per cent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of "Wisconsin. Do I
understand the gentleman to say that lumber
is higher now at Chicago than it was when
lumber could be imported free of duty under
the reciprocity treaty ?
Mr. ASPER. I do say so.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under-
take to say that lumber in 1864 and 1865 was
several dollars a thousand higher than it is
to-day or has been within the last year; and
this, too, although lumber in 1864 and 1865
was imported from Canada free of duty.
Mr. ASPER. There was then a deprecia-
tion of the currency. Since that time the cur-
rency has appreciated ; and as a matter of
course there has been some decline in the price
of lumber. In other words, lumber is not per-
haps as high this year as it was last year, or
as it was in 1867 and 1868; but it is as much
higher to-day as the amount of the duty levied
and assessed upon it is greater than a fair price
to the manufacturer ; and besides upon the
change after the reciprocity treaty ceased the
price of lumber immediately advanced from
$22 to $27 per thousand.
.But, Mr. Chairman, this is an article which
enters into general consumption. Every man
in the prairie region of the country is inter-
ested in obtaining cheap lumber. Whenever he
builds he must build with lumber from Michi-
gan or other States, or lumber imported from
abroad. In the timber country, if a man de-
sires to open a farm, he can build his log
cabin from the lumber in his vicinity ; but in
our section of the country the timber is not
at hand, and therefore we complain of every -
thing calculated to raise the price of that lum-
ber.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. ASPER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONGER. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
whether, if wo consent to a removal of the
tariff on lumber coming from Canada, he will
advocate the removal of the tariff on wheat,
oats, corn, beef, pork, cattle, and horses, which
wein Michigan, if the duty be removed, can pur-
chase much more cheaply in Canada than by
getting them from. Missouri, Iowa, and Illinois,
where wo now buy them to the amount of
$100,000,000 annually. If the gentleman and
the House will consent to lot those articles
come in free, we will strike hands with him.
Mr. ASPER. I am in favor of removing
the duties from all the articles ho has named,
because they are articles entering into the gen-
eral consumption of the country ; and I am in
favor of any measure which will reduce their
prices. Wheat we export largely, and the price
is regulated in Liverpool, if the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Coxgeii] would like to
import a pony from Canada free of duty, I
have no objection to his doing so. The tariff in
no way affects the price of horses, cattle, beef,
&c., and the removal of the tariff upon them
cannot affect the men who reside upon the
prairies.
Mr. BLAIR. IIow about hemp?
Mr. ASPER. I am in favor of free hemp
also, because it is an article entering into the
manufactures of the country, and as a prime
article of consumption ought to be exempt
from duty; and besides, there is so little im-
ported that it cannot affect the price, the duty
being merely nominal.
Mr. CONGER. I will say to the gentle-
man——
Mr. ASPER. I have answered the gentle-
man's question, and I must decline to yield
further. I do not desire to be interrupted
again on that point.
WOOL AND WOOLENS.
I wish to say something upon the subject of
wool and woolens. I shall not be able to say
all that I desire, for my time is slipping away. In
1867, a large increase was made iu the duties
on wool and woolens. What has been the
result ? A great falling off iu our importations
of wool. In 1864, our importations of wool
were 80,962,987 pounds; in 1866, 67,665,386
pounds; in 1867, 29,475,698; in 1868, 21,-
682,166. Under this tariff also, although we
have had but two years' experience of it, the
exportation of woolen goods has run down to
$160,000. So that in fact the present tariff
has crushed out exportation of woolen goods,
as well as importation of wool. What has
been the result ? The sheep interest, which
was profitable in Ohio, has become so much
depressed as to be seriously injured. Prom
1827 to 1862 the average price of medium
American washed wool was cents; and in
1868 the price of Ohio wool was 05/oV cents,
and less than in 1858. The price of wool for
1869 in Ohio was 43 cents in currency.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman mean
to say that the wool interest of Ohio is de-
pressed because the importation of wool has
decreased ?
Mr. ASPER. I will show you how it ran
down.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to know.
Mr. ASPER. My object is to show how it
ran down. The decrease of the number of
sheep in Ohio is very large, several thou-
sand, perhaps millions, in number in the last
year or two. According to the statement of
the Commissioner of Agriculture the decrease
in the year 1868 in the United States was over
4,000,000. I know, sir, in my country, iu my
State, where you can keep a sheep for 25 cents
a year, where you have nothing to do but to
give a little salt and attention, and during the
winter a little corn, the sheep interest has de-
clined to such an extent that the farmers there
refuse, many of them, to continue the busi-
ness. Why is it? This is the fact, that by the
prohibitory duty on cheap wools, which we
cannot or do not produce in this country,
entirely prohibitory, those cheap wools seek
another market; they go to Europe, and the
manufacturers of woolens in Europe take
these wools and mingle them with finer wools,
and make an article of cloth, which they bring
here and undersell the manufacturers of woolen
goods in this country. The increase of import-
ations of woolen goods into this country was
over $2,000,000 during the last year. The
following are the figures :
The imports of woolen goods for the fiscal vear end-
ing in 186Swcre $32,458,831
For the last fiscal year 3i,020,941!
Excess for last year $2,162,059
Why is this? The foreign woolen man-
ufacturer can undersell his competitor in his
own market because cheap wool enters into
the manufacture abroad, while here a prohibi-
tory tariff stands in the way of progress.
Another reason which operates to bring about
this result I will state, and it is this : the cloths
which we wear, the flannels which the families
of the/ country usually buy, the flannels in
wliich'our little infants are swaddled in their
cradles, all these woolen goods have increased
in price under the operation of the tariff, and
as they have increased in price the consump-
tion drops off. The farmer will not buy more
than is absolutely necessary when the price is
increased every year and rules so high that his
means will not admit of the purchase of them.
He does not buy woolen goods unless forced
to do so by stern necessity, and this, with many
others, serves to illustrate the position assumed,
and that the manufacture of woolen goods is
langitishing in the country. The reason of it
is that the prohibitory tariff on wool cuts off
the manufacture of the article into which that
enters. It operates the same way all over the
country. To manufacture woolen goods suc-
cessfully it is conceded that the manufacturer
should have the range of the market and be
able to get cheap wool, and the cutting off this
source of raw material has seriously impeded
the manufacture. Doubtless the change of the
rate of taxation has induced capitalists to be-
lieve that higher prices for goods could be
obtained than has really been the fact, and, thus
stimulated, an increased number of mills have
been put in operation, which, with the other
fact, has prostrated the woolen interest and has
driven our farmers to abandon sheep hus-
bandry. The high prices of woolen goods and
the consequent inability of the people to pur-
chase largely for want of means has much more
to do with this prostration.
Protection in this instance has overleaped
itself, and many intelligent gentlemen engaged
in woolen manufactures admit that the protect-
ive duties have much to do with the decline in
the matter of the manufacture of woolen goods.
There should be a reduction of duty on wool
and on all manufactures of wool, so thatprices
may be lower and trade brisk. This tariff in
this respect is burdensome. It increases the
price of every woolen article and decreases
the purchasing power of the country.
inoN.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I pass on to the duty
on pig iron. The duty on iron as now levied
is $9 a ton, and on scrap iron $8. The pro-
posed duty in this bill is $7; a decrease of $2
a ton.
I wish to ask the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means why it is that we should
have such a high duty upon iron ? It enters
into and increases the price of every article of
iron manufacture. Increase of duty on pig
iron increases the price of every manufactured
article of iron. Iron being a prime necessity
of the country, increase of duty on pig iron
operates as ail increase upon all manufactured
iron articles, and hence the consumer declines
to purchase, or purchases only when it is abso-
lutely necessary to use articles manufactured
of iron. It increases the pricc of his tools.
It increases the pricc of his plow and his mow-
ing-machine and his reaper and his shovel, and
his stove on which his wife cooks the food of
the family. In other words, it increases the
heavy burden now imposed upon the agricul-
tural industry of the country. And there is
another way in which it increases the burdens
of the people, and that is in the construction
of railroads, so that by the increased price of
iron, by the increase of duty placed on rails
and upon the iron entering into the construc-
tion of locomotives and everything pertaining
to the railroad interest—by the increased duty
on iron the cost of transportation is increased,
and the farmer, consequently, when he sends
his grain and animals to market does not get
the profit which he would otherwise get.
So in reference to the duty on steel. Steel
enters largely into the manufacture of plows
and reapers and shovels and hoes and axes
and cultivators. What is the duty on steel'!
The first cost of steel in England in 1868 was
$72 perton,gold, or 3J cents per pound. This is
the price in England of the steel which enters
into the implements named. The duty on this
steel is 2|- cents, gold, perpound, or $50 40 per
ton. Other charges, such as transportation,
warehousing, and the like, are $11 40; making
a total of $61 SO. This is 86 per cent, of the
cost, which has to be paid by the farmer on the
articles and implements he buys. That increases
the cost here. But the House was told the other
day by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Ivelley,] who argued eloquently in favor of
the particular interest of his State, the iron
interest, that by continuing this high tariff, by
continuing the manufacture of iron under this
protection, you will increase the number of
furnaces over the country ; some sixty odd, he
slated, havingheen erected during the past year;
