1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
by any person residing without the United States
and not a citizen thereof.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Wood'wakd, to strike out all after the
enacting clause of section thirty-five and sub-
stitute the following:
That there shall be levied a tax at the rate of fivo
per cent, per annum upon the interest of interest-
bearing bonds issued or to be issued by the Govern-
ment of the United States, to be deducted and re-
tained from the payments of interest upon said bonds,
under regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. BURR. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry. If this amendment be adopted, will it
preclude a vote on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] fixing ten
per cent, as the rate of tax on the interest of
United States bonds?
The SPEAKL1K. It will not. Thisamend-
ment proposes simply to strike out section
thirty-five and insert what has been read.
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being—ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Brooks, of Massachusetts, to strike out
in section thirty-seven the following:
Only one deduction of SI,500 shall be made from
the aggregate income of all the membersof any fam-
ily composed of one or both parents and one or more
minor children, or of husband and wife; but when a
wife has by law a separate income beyond the con-
trol of her husband, and Is living separate and apart
from him, such deduction shall then be made from
her income, gains, and profits.
Also, to amend the followingelause by strik-
ing out all after the words "each ward or
beneficiary:"
And guardian5? and trustees shall be allowed to
make the deduction in favor of each ward or bene-
ficiary, except that in case of two or more wards or
beneficiaries comprised in one family, having joint
property interest, only one deduction shall be made
in their favor.
The amendment was not agreed to ; there
being—ayes G-l, noes 75.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Hoar, to make the proviso of section
forty read as follows :
Provided, That no collector, deputy collector,
assessor, or assistant assessor, shall permit to bo
published m any manner such incouit? returns or
any part thereof except such general statistics, not
specifying the names of individuals or firms, as ho
may make public, under such rules and regulations
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall pre-
scribe.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would like to hear from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means on this question. If I remember cor-
rectly, he made a year or two ago a strong and
pointed speech in favor of the publication of
these returns.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. SCHENUK. I will inform the gentle-
man that 1 am in favor of this provision.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon an amendment
of Mr. Dawes to an amendment of Mr. Beck.
The latter amendment proposed to strike out
the word " ten" wherever it occurs in the fol-
lowing clause and insert " eight
E r the purpose of allowing said deduction from
the income any religious or social community hold-
ing all their property and tho income therefrom
jointly and in common, each ten of the pcrsonscom-
posing such society, and any remaining fractional
number of such persons not less than five over such
groups of ton, shall be held to constitute a family,
and a deduction of 81,500 shall be allowed for each
ot said lamilies.
The amendment of Mr. Dawes was to strike
out " eight" and insert " live."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and the amendment as amended
was adopted.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Holmak, to add to section thirty-five the
following:
And a tax of ten percent, per annum on the inter-
est and income accruing from all bonds, notes, and
other securities of the United States, the same to
be deducted and withheld from such interest at the
time of the payment thereof by the Treasurer ot the
United States.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 255.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 46, nays 136, not voting
48; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Ayer, Beck, Biggs,
Bird, Booker, Burr, Cleveland, Crebs, Dickinson,
Dox, Farnsworth, Getz, Gibson, Hambleton, Hamill,
Hefhn, Holman, Johnson, Kerr, ICnott, Lewis, Mc-
Cortnick,MeNeeIy, Milnes, Morgan, Morrissey, Nib-
lack, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Slier-
rod. Stiles, Stone, Strader, Sweeney, Trimble, Van
Aukcn, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wncher,
Wood, and Woodward—4G.
NAYS—-Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Barry,
Beam.m,Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boyd, George M. Brooks, James Brooks. Buffinton,
Burchard. Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick 11.
Butler. WiUiam T. Clark, Sidney ClarRe, Coburn,
Cook, Conger, Covode.Cowles, Cullom, Davis, D.iwcs,
Degencr, Bockery,Donley, Duval, Dyev,Ferriss,Pin-
kclnburg, Fisher, XTitcli, Garfield, (iilfilian. Haighf, ;
Hale,Hamilton. Harris, H-nvkin&,lla\vley, Hay,Hill,
lloar. Hooper, Hotchk'ss, Ingersoll, Jenekes,Alex-
ander H. Jones, Judd.Kelloy, Kellogg, Kelsey.Ket-
cham,Knapp, L-)flin,La^h, Lawrence, Logan,Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Maynard, MfC:vrthy. MeCrary, Mc-
Grew, McKenzie, Mercur, L'iakim II. Moore, Jesse
H.Moore, William Moore, Morplns, DanielJ.Mor-
rell, Samuel P. Moirill, Myors, Neglcy, Ncwsham,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Peck, Perce.
Peters, l^hclps, Pomeroy, Grosser, Roots, Sargent,
Sawyer, Schonck, Schumakcr, Scofield, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Porter Shoidon, Sloeum, John A. Smith,
WiUiam J. Smith, Worthington O. Smith, William
Smyrh, Starkweather, Stovm^son, Stokes, Stoushton,
Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor. Tillman,
Towusend. Twichoil, Tyncr, Upson. Van Horn, Wal-
lace, Ward, WiihamB. Wa«hbim>, Welkor,Wheeler,
Wiiitmore, Wilkinson, Wiilard, Williams, John X.
Wilson, and Winans—l:x>.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Barnum, Bennett,
Boies, Bo wen, Buck, Buckley, Cake, Calkin, Cessna,
Churchill, Ain.iha Co'ib, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner,
Cox. Dickey, Dixon. Kla, Bldridgc, Ferry, Kox.Gris-
wold, Jinldcman, Hays, Beaton, ilogc, 'Thomas L.
Jones, Juhan, Marshall, Mayham, McKee,Mungen,
Palrnor, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Roger?, Sanford,
Shanks, Shobev, Josejh S. Smith, Stevens, Swann,
Van Trump, Van Wyek, Voorhecs, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, and Wells—48.
So the amendment was not agrued to.
The next amendment was that offered by
Mr. Ambler as follows:
Insert after tho word " estimated," in line twenty-
one, section thirty-six, the following words: "and
all legacies and distributivcsharcs of personal estate,
and the cash value over and above incumbrances, ot
any real estate, or interest in real estate, received
from the cstato of any decedent other than the hus-
band, lather, or mother of the person returning the
income."
The question was pub; and there were, on a
division—ayes 00, noes -JS; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKElt, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Ampler and Mr.
Steyexsox.
The House again divided j and the tellers
reported—ayes 08, noes go.
Mr. BIRD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 02, nays 102, not voting
(JG; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Asper, Atwood, Bailey,
Beaity, Bennett, Benton, Boles, Boyd, Biittiuioii,
Burchard, Burdctt, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Cowles,
Dockery. Duval, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Garfield,
Gilfillan, Hambleton, Hawley, lleilin, ingcrsoll,
Jenekes, Johnson, Kelscy, Knapp, Lawrence,
Lfiughridge, Lynch, M lynard, McCormick, McCrary,
MeKcnzio, Milucs, Lliakim H. Moore, Jesse II.
Mooic, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Piatt, Potter,
Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Schcnck, Lionel A.Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, Jo-eph S. Smith, Staikwcather,
Stoughton, Tanner, Van Auken, William B. Wash-
burn, Weiker. Whitmore, Wilkinson, Wiilard, John
T. WiUon. WiUiher, and Wood—62.
NAYS—Messis. Allison, Ames, Archer, Armstrong,
Barry, Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, B'gys, Bingham,
Bird. Blair,Booker, George M. Brooks,Buir,Benja-
min F. Butler, Roderick R. Builer, William T. Clark,
Sidney Clarke, Cleveland., Coburn, Conscr, Covodc,
Crebh, Cullom, Dogenor, Dickinson, Donley, Box,
Ferries, Fisher, FiJoh.Uotx, Gio on, Haight, llamiii,
Hamilton, Hawkins, iiay, Hays, liiil. Hoar, Hol-
man, Hooper, Alexander if. Jonc>, Keliey. Ke1 iogg,
Kerr, Ketehum, Knott, La!lin. La^h, L'jc/is, Mar-
shall. Mavham, McCarthy, McGrcw,MoXeclv. Mer-
cur, William Moore, Morgan, Moriuscy, Myors,
Newsham, Niblaok, O'Neill. Orth, Packard, Packer,
Paine,Pe/^e,Phelp^.P^merov, Rand.ii i,Reeves,Rice,
Ridgway, Slierrod, Sloeum, John A. Smith. William
j. Smith, Worfhington C. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stoke?, Strader, Strickland, Strong, Swann. _S\\ee-
ney, Tavior.'i'iliuian, Townscnd, Trimble,Twieiiell,
Tyner, [Jpson, Wallace, Wheeler, Williams, Eugene
M. Wilson, and Wmans—102.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Axtell,
Ayer, Banks, Barnum,Bowon, James Brooks, Buck,;
Buckley, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill,Cliuton Ji.-
Cobb, Conner, Cox, Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon,
Dyer, Ela, Elaridgc, Ferry, Fox.Griswold, Halde-
man, Halo, Harris,Heaton, Hoge, Hotchkiss, Thomas
L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Logan, McKee, Daniel J.
Morrell, Mungen. Negley. Palmer, Peck, Peters,
Poland, Porter, Prosser, Rogers, Sanford, Schu-
maker, Scofield, Shauks, Shober, William Smyth,
Stevens, Stone, Taffe, Van Horn, Van Trump, van
Wyek, Voorhees, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Wells, Winchester, and Woodward—6(5.
So tho amendment was not agreed to.
The question was next on the first amend-
ment offered by Mr. Loughridge, as follows:
Insert at end of section thirty-seven tho following
proviso : " Provided, That where income tax has been
assessed for tho year I860 against any religious or
social community, as an individual, under the laws
now in force, which taxes have not been paid, in all
such cases the society shall be reassessed for said
year, under the provisions and regulations of this
act/'
Tho question was put; and there were, on a
^division—ayes 43, noes 7G.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question was next on the second amend-
ment offered by Mr. Lougiirxdge, as follows:
After tho word ** families," in line twenty-four,
section thirty-seven, insert "and in determining who
compose such tocioty, ail poisons shall bo counted
who actually resido within such society, and who are
the wives and children of members ot the society;"
so t hat that pai t of the pection will read:
For the purpose of allowing said deduction from
the income, any religious or social community, hold-
ing all their property and tho income therefrom,
jointly, and m common, each ten of the persons
composing such society, and any remaining frac-
tional number of t>ueh persons not less than iivoovcr
sucn groups of ten, shall be held to constitute a fam-
ily, and a deduction of §1,500 shall be allowed for
each of said*l'amilies ; and in determining who com-
pose such society, all persons shall bo counted who
actually reside within such society and who are the
wives and childron of members ot the society.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Tho next amendment was that offered by Mr.
Axtell, as follows:
Insert atlhe endof section thirty-five: "Provided,
That this tax shall be apportioned among the States
according to population, and levied and collected by
tho several States."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The next amendment was that offered by Mr.
Cleveland, as follows:
On page TO, in line four, strike out the words " or
accrued," and the whole of line six.
In lines twenty-four and twenty-five strike out all
alter tho word " person," m line twenty-lour, to and
including the word "family," in lino twenty-live.
On page 80 insert after the word " returns," m line
thirty-nine, the words ,4 of any individual."
On page 81 strike out all after the word "thereof,"
in line forty.
Amend section thirty-eight to read as follows:
Sec. 08. And be it J urt her enacted, Thatm addition
to the exemptions provided in the preceding section
there shall be deducted from the gains, profits, and
| income of any person all national, State, county, and
I municipal taxes paid b> him within tho year, whether
I such person bo owner, tenant, or mortgager; all his
! losses actually sustained during the year arising
j from fires, shipwreck, or incurred in trade, and debts
; ascertained to be worthless, including actual depre-
ciation of value: the amount of interest money paid
out and the amount paid for rent and labor to enable
him to cultivate land or conduct any other business;
the amount paid for tho rent of rlic house or premises
occupied as a residence for himself or his family, and
the amount paid out for usual and ordinary repairs.
No deduction shall be made for any amount paid out
for new buildings, pcrmanentiniprovements, or bet-
terments made to increase the value of any property
or estate.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The next amendment was that offered by
Mr. Mayiiam, as follows:
Amend section thirty-five as follows: in line five,
section thirty-five, strike out af tei " from vthe words
"any source whatever," and insert "interest on
United States bonds;"' also inline seven, of same
section, after "a" strike out the words "iike tax,"
and insert in lieu thereof the words "tax of two per
cent.;" also in line nine, of same section, after the
word "residing" insert the words "withmor:" also
aitci the word " and," in line ten, strike out * not
and insert " whether," and after "thereof,",in same
lme, insert " or not;" also after " residing,'' in line
eleven, insert "whether or;" also in line twelve
strike out " not" and insert "whether, and acta at
the end of the line "or not;" so thatit will read:
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, jtiiat there shall
bo levied and collected annually a tax of live per
cent, upon the gains, profits, and income of cverj
person residing m tho United f.ca,tef,  ^
citizen of the united States residing abroad, der^, <-d
from interest on United States bonds, whether within
or without the United States, except as hereinafter
