1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
5177
Moore, Jesge H. MocJre, William Moore, Morgan,
Daniel J.Morretl,Samuel P. Morrill, Mungon, Myers,
Noglcy, Niblaek, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,Packer,
l'ctcrs, Phelps, l'oland, Pomeroy,Randall, Reading,
Hooves, Rogers, Sanfoul, Sehumakor, Soofield, Por -
ter Sheldon, John A, Smith, "WortlnngtonC. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevonaon, Stoughton,
Strickland, Strong, Swanu, TafTo, Tanner, Tillman,
Townaoml, Trimble, Tyner, Upson, Yan Horn, Van
Wyek, Ward, Cadwalador 0. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Walker. Wheeler, Eugene M. Wilson,
John T.Wi 1 ::on,*\Vite 11cr,Wood, andWoodward'~121.
NAYS—Messrs. Anies, Arolier, Aupcr, Atwood, Ax-
toll, Bennott, Boyd, Bufliiiton, Bureliard, Benjamin
JF. Butler,ClicjtonXj. Cobb, Dyer, Farusworth, Fink-
cluburs, Ksher, Pitch, Hamilton, HnrrK llnwley.
Hill, Iloce, Kellogg, McKee, Merour, Paine, Perce,
Prosser, fiieo, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A.
ijholdon, (Sherrod, William J. Smith. William
Smyth, Stokes, Stradcr, Twicliell, Wells, Vi llltmson,
Williams, and Winaus—12.
NOX VOXINW—Messrs., Adams, Allison, Arneli,
Bailey, Bcek, Bentun, Bingrhsnn, Booker, Bovven,
james Brooks, Buck, Bnrdett, Iloilcriek E. Butler,
Calto, Olarko, Amnsa Cobb, Oowlcs, l>avist Diekey,
3£la,, Porry, i'ox, 11 ay, iioar, Hooper,
Uotchkiss.Jcnolces. XhomasL. Jones.iCelaey.Knajili,
Lash, McCarthy, MeOrary, Miincs, lUorphia, Mor-
rissey, Palmer, Piatt, Porter, Potter, Uutfrwuy, Roou,
Schenck, Sloeinn, Joseph H. Smith. Stiles, HUrao,
Sweeney, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhecs, Wil-
l:mi, and Winchcstor—Si.
So the bill was laid on tlie tabic.
Mr. F13RUISS moved to reconsider tin; vole
by which the bill was laid on the table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on tlio table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSbTiAll, ETC., AmumilATlON BIM..
Mr. KELSEY, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 160-1)
making appropriations for tho consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes; which was read a first, and second
lime.
Mr. KELSEV. I move that the bill be print-
ed, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the stale of the (Jnion, and that, it be made
a special order after the morning hour on
Tuesday next, and from day to day until dis-
poned of.
Mi*. BROOKS, of New York. 1 desuro to
make a parliamentary inquiry, i f this motion
bo agreed to what effcct will it have on other
special orders?
Tho SPEAKER. Tt will have no effect on
any other special order before tho House, be-
cause it is tor ft subsequent day.
Mr. MAYNAKD. I desire to miy thnt 1
reserve all points of order on the bill.
Tho motion was agreed lo.
SnWSAUK FiiOM T1IK PltKSlDKVr.
A messageiu writing from tho Prwndent was
communicated, by llr. Uoiuok 1'oiwku, his
Private Secretary, to the House ; snid ho also
informed the House tlml. the President bad
approved and wip:ru'tl an act and two joint reso-
lutions of tho following titles*:
An net (II. 11. No. 8«ii) to confirm the
apportionment and amend certain laws of Ike
Territory of Arizona;
A joint resolution (H. It. No. oil) for the
relief of Francis S, McDonald; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. K>4) granting
condemned gum* to the National Asylum lor
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers.
Ollt?lilt OH IHJStNKSS.
Sir. LOGAN. t I desire to make aprivileged
report this morning.
Mr. INGMISOLfi. I wish to move to go
lo business on the Speaker's table.
The SPISAKBIt. Tho Chair will state the
order of business. The bill in relation to the
suppression of polygamy in, Utah has prece-
dence of ail other business, and tiie gentleman
from Utah [Sir. Hooi'EB.] has tho iloor upon
that ouestion. Jf he yields, the gentleman
from Illinois can make his privileged report.
KJiK01.MiI> KKSOUJi'ION SiOSliD.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee^ had
e^ltmiued and found truly enrolled n joint
reSolatiofcs (H. R. No. l£>l)in relation to theeon-
41sx Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 137.
straction of the Rock Island bridge; when the
Speaker signed the same.
OPERATION OP TIIE SINKING FUND.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to a
resolution of the House dated March 14,1870,
requesting him to report to this House the
tabular statement which has been prepared ly
the Treasurer of the United States, showing
the operation of the sinking fund in extin-
guishing the debt of the war of the Revolution
and of the war of 1812, up to the complete
payment of those debts; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
CLAIM 01? A. 1'. HOTALIMO.
Tho SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a copy of a
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
iu relation to the claim of A. P. Hotaling for
rent of land for the use of tho Indian service
in California ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
PAYMENT 01.' INTOllMUtiS, 1 U'C
The SP15 A K E11 also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the llotise a communication from
tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue, in an-
swer to a resolution of the House adopted
March 11,1870, requesting him to communicate
to this House his views and opinions in regard
to tho expediency and advantage or disadvan-
tage to the Government of abolishing, iu the
collection of duties on [oroiun imports and the
collection of internal taxes, all allowances of
moieties or shares of penalties, lines, forfeit-
ures, or recoveries to ollicers of tho revenue
or informers; and also any statement of facts
or practices under existin:; laws which will
enforco or illustrate such viewsand opinions ;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to bo printed.
INDUN HOSTIMTIES IN NEW MKXtOO
The S I'M A KE It also, by unanimous consont,
laid before the House a memorial from the
Legislature of New Mexico, asking that Con-
gress will authorize the raising of two regi-
ments of cavalry in said Territory for defense
against Indians; which was referred to the
CortimiUee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
IlKMOVAi- 01' INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a copy of a
letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
in relation to the removal of stray bands of
tho Pottawatomie and Winnebago Indians in
Wisconsin; which was referred to tho Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to bo
printed.
1,0£S1M Olf C1UJ1SK INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before tho House a letter from tho Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a letter from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, asking for
tin appropriation of $100,000 for the payment
of losses sustained by soldiers who enlisted in
the Federal Army ana ol' loyal refugee Indians
and freedmen of the Creek nation during the
rebellion; which was referred to the Com-
mittoe on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
dhoi.tnk op AMERICAN CO.M.UEnCE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States:
To the Senate and /loose of Representatives ;
Iu tho executive message of December 6,1869, to
Conftross, tho importance of taking steps to revive
oar drooping merchant marine was urged, and a
special message promised at ai'uturo day during tho
present session, recommending more specifically
plans to accomplish this remit. Nowthat the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives intrusted
With tho labor of ascertaining thecause of the de-
cline of American commerce has completed its
work and submitted its report to tho legislative
branch of the Government I deem this anttlhg time
to execute that promise. ,,
Tho very able, calm, and exhaustive report ot the
committee points out the grave wrongs which have
produced the decline in our coinmcfce. It is a
national humiliation that Wo are now compelled to
pay from twenty to thirty million dollars annually
(exclusive of passage money which wo should share
with vessels of other nations) to foreigners tor doing
tho work which should be dono by American ves-
sels American built* American owned; and Amer-
ican manned. This is a direct dram upon the re-
sources of the country of just so mheh moheyequal
to casting it into the soa, so far as this nation is con-
cerned. , . . , .
A nation of tho vast and ever-increasing interior
resources of the United States, extending as it does
from one to the other of tho great oceans ot the
world, with an industrious, intelligent, energetic
population, must one day possess its full share 01
the commerce of these oceans, no matter what the
cost. Delay will only incrcaso this cost and enhance
tlio difficulty of attaining the result.
I therefore put in an earnest plea for early action
in this matter, iu a way to sccure the desired in-
crease of American coinmerec. The advanced period
of the year and tho fact that no contracts lor ship-
building will probably bo entered into until this
question is mottled by Congress, and tho further fact
that, if there should be much delay, all large vessels
contracted for this year will fail of completion before
winter bets in, and will therefore bo carried over for
another year, induces mo to request your early con-
sideration of this subject.
i regard it of such grave importance, affecting
every interest of tho country tx> so great an extent
that any method which will gain the end will secure
a rich national blessing. Building ships and navi-
gating them utilises vast capital at home; it em-
ploys thousands of workmen in their construction
and manning; it creates a homo market for the
produots of tho farm and the shop; it diminishes tho
balance of trade against us precisely to the extent
of freights and passage money paid to American ves-
seJf, and gives us a supremacy upon the seas of ines-
timable value in case of foreign war.
Our Navy at the commencement of the late war
consisted of less than ono hundred vessels of about
one hundred and fifty thousand tons and a force of
about eight thousand men. Wo drew from the mer-
chant marine, which had cost tho Government
nothing, but which had been asourco of national
wealth, six hundred vessels exceeding one million
torn, and about sovonty thousand men, to aid in tho
suppression of the rebellion.
This statement demonstrates the value of thciner-
chant marine as a moans of national defense in timo
of need.
The Committee on the Causes of the Reduction of
American Tonnage, after tiacmg the causes of its
decline, i-itbmit two bills which, if adopted, they
believe will restore to the nation its maritime power.
Their report shown with great minuteness the actual
nnd comparative American tonnage at tho timo of
it.; greatest prosperity; tho actual and comparative
decline since, together with tho causes; and exhibits
all other statistics of ra&terial interest In refercnoo
to J he subject. As the report is before Congress, I
will not recapitulate any of its statistics, but rotor
only to tho methods rccommendcd by the committee
to tfivu back to us our lost commerce.
As a general rule, when it can be adopted, I be-
lieve a direct money subsidy is less liable lo abuse
than an indirect aid given to the same enterprise.
In this case, however, my opinion is that subsidies,
while they may bo given to specified lines of steam-
er? or other vessels should not bo exclusively
adopted? but, iu additjon to subsidizing \ cry de.ur-
abloHnesof ocean traffic, a general assistance should
be given in an effective way. I therefore commend
to your iavorable consideration the two bills pro-
posed by tho committee and referred to in this mes-
sage.
TJ. S. GRANT.
LXTCUVIVR MANSION,
Washington, 1). C., March 23,1870.
The SPEAKER. The message of the Presi-
dent will be referred to the Committee on the
Causes of the Reduction of American Ton-
nage, and printed.
Mr. BROOKS of New York. I rise simply to
say that I «m very glad that the House has re-
ceived from the President of the United States
a recognition ot the great fact of the utter de-
struction of our commerce, and I trust that the
effect upon the House will be such as to secure
immediate^ action upon the subject, and more
especially in connection with the tariff bill. In
that bill is the proper remedy for the decline of
American commerce; not in the passage of
the bill as reported by the Committee of W'ays
and Means, but in tne passage of the bill so
amended as to revive and resuscitate American
commerce. The difficulty with our shipping is
not altogether as stated in the message of the
President, but is in the tariff—the existing
tariff law, and especially the destructive tariif
upon iron.
