1870.
THE CONGEE8SIOJsTAL GLOB#.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out the
words "and with* the advice and consent of
the Senate." The insertion of those words is
a blunder of the printer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was then con-
curred in.
Mr. SARGENT. The.committee also in-
struct me to ask that amendment No. 77, on
page 80, which is marked for non-concurrence,
be concurred in.
The SPEAKER. It will be transferred to
the " concur" list.
Mr. SARGENT. I am instructed by the
committee to ask concurrence in the seventy-
eighth amendment of the Senate, with two
amendments from the committee.
The Clerk read the Senate amendment No.
78, as follows:
Sec. 13. A nd be it further enacted, That the eastern
band of the Cherokee Indians, by that name and style,
be, and they are hereby, authorized and empowered
to institute and carry on a suit or suits in law or
equity in the district or circui t courts of the United
States against the present or former Indian agent or
agents of said band, their administrators, executors,
and heirs, and against the securities ofsucli agent or
agen's, their administrators, executors, curators, or
trustees, for all claims, causes of suit or rights in law
or equity that said band may have against them or
either of them; and the law of limitation shall apply
to such claims, causes of action, and rights from and
after the day this act takes cffect. It shall be the
duty of the district attorneys and the Attorney Min-
eral of the United States to institute and prosecute
all suits, cause for which may arise under this section.
Mr. SARGENT. I move concurrence, with
the following amendments:
After the word "trustees," in line eight, insert the
words ''or any other necessary or proper parties to
such suit or suits."
Add to the end of the section thefollowing words:
And to enablo the Secretary of the Intcriorto carry
out the provisions of this section the sum of $2,500,
or so much thereof as maybe necessary, is hereby
appropriated.
The Senate amendment was concurred in,
with the above amendmen p.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield to my col-
league, [Mr. AxTULf,.]
Mr. AXTELL. I desire a separate vote on
amendment No. 55, for the purpose of address-
ing a very few remarks to the House.
The Clerk read the paragraph amended by
the Senate, as follows:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in California, pay of employe?, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other useful
articles, and to assist thein to locate in permanent
abodes, and to sustain themselves by the pursuits of
civilized life, to bo expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, [seventy-live,]tluO,001).
Mr. AXTELL. It will be observed that the
amount appropriated by the House for Indians
in California is $75,000. The Senate have
inserted an amendment increasing that appro-
priation $25,000. This has been done, I under-
stand—though I have not. had the honor of
being consulted by the Secretary of the Interior
in relation to the matter—I understand it has
been done for the purpose of purchasing an
old rancbe in San Diego county, with a view
to removing the old mission Indians and estab-
lishing them upon this reservation. I desire
to say that these Indians are not only citizens
of the United States and voters in the State of
California, but that they are a peaceful, hard-
working, and tolerably intelligent class of
people ; that they are al most entirely a religious
class of people; that they are very useful per-
sons t® the ranehero, and that they are settled,
in many instances, upon their own homesteads,
scattered all through southern California. These
facts are as well known to all the citizens of
that State as any fact connected with the his-
tory of California. The Indians are opposed
to 'this proposition. Tliey have sent up here
remonstrances signed by all their head men and
chiefs, many of them being able to write, against
this attempt to imprison them closely upon this
reservation. I desire also to say that settlers
who have settled in good faith upon those pub-
lic lands have been removed upon the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Interior.
The reservation, it is tiue, has been made by
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No, 314.
the President of the United States; but he
must, have been misinformed in the matter.
These Indians are to be falsely imprisoned,
and are being taken away from their peac'cftil
homes and their avocations as farmers and as
assistants to the farmers in the cultivation of
their vineyards—taken away from their homes,
where they or their ancestors have lived for a
hundred years, and where they have become
civilized and attached to the places where they
reside and own property. I protest against the
United States Government going into the sov-
ereign State of California and claiming the
right to take her citizens and imprison them
upon what is called a reservation.
I desire, also, to state to the House that in
our Indian system in California we have no
treaties. There are no treaty stipulations. We
have no wars with our Indians. We need no
soldiers and we need no money. We neednone
of this Indian system, and it is only the desire
of meddling on the part of the Indian depart-
ment which has induced them to make these
reservations in the hope by and by of selling
them—in the hope by and by of turning them
to some petty advantage. Without consulting
the Representatives of California, and disre-
garding the best interests of that State, they
come here and ask 525,000 more to establish
that prison in the sovereign State of California
forthese peaceful and harmless people. I move
concurrence pro forma, merely for the sake of
bringing this matter before the House, but I
do not desire a vote.
Mr. SARGENT. I shall not discuss this
question, not desiring to take up the time of
the House. I will only say that with much that
has been said by my colleague I heartily con-
cur. And so far as the remarks on the char-
acter of these Indians are concerned I go with
him entirely. These Indians are farm labor-
ers, and it would be a great injustice to them
and no advantage to the Government or any-
body else to establish a icservation for them
and put them on it. Therefore I have recom-
mended non-concurrence in this amendment
of the Senate.
The question was put on the amendment of
the Senate ; and it was non-concurred in.
Mr. DEGENER. I ask for a separate vote
on amendment No. 09 of the Senato.
The amendment was to insert the following :
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no part of
the moneys appropriated by this act, or which may
hereafter be appropriated in any general actor defi-
ciency bill making appropriations for theeurrentarid
contingent expenses of the Indian department, to
pay annuities due to or to bo used and expended for
the care and benefit of any tribe or tribes of Indians
named herein, shall bo applied to the payment of
any claim for depredations that may have been or
may bo committed by such tribe or tribes, or any
member or members thereof; and no claims for In-
dian depredations shall hereafter be paid until Con-
gress shall makespecial appropriation therefor; and
all acts and parts of acts lncunsistcnt herewith aic
hereby repeated.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend that the amendment be concurred in.
Mr. DEGENER. I desire that the House
shall not concur in this amendment. If it
should be concurred in it would virtually annul
an act passed June 80, 183-1, to regulate trade
and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to
preserve peace on the frontier. The portion
of this latter act to which I would call atten-
tion reads thus:
"Thatif the nation or tribe to which the Indian
who committed the depredation may belong receive
an annuity from the UniiedStates. such claim shall,
at the next payment of the annuity, bo deducted
therefrom and paid to the party injured ; and if no
annuity is payable to such nation or tribe, then the
amount shall be paid from the Treasury ol the uni-
ted States."
Allow me briefly io criticise that old law,
so that we may see what it is we are asked to
annul. As a matter of course the burden of
proof is upon the party who has sustained
damages from the Indians. He has to show
that the Indian who committed the depreda-
tion belongs to a nation or a tribe that receives
an annuity from the United States. When he
has succeeded in proving that, then the Indian
Comtiiissionef is bound to "dfeduct the amount
from the next payment of the annuity," You
will observe that a method is thus pointed out
to the injured party how and where he sliall
apply for a remedy for the damage he has sus-
tained. At the same time the entire nation or
tribe is made responsible for the acts of each
of its members.
But that old law went still further; it pro-
vided that "if no annuity is payable to sueh
nation or tribe, then the amount shall be paid
from the Treasury of the United States." This
gave all the security which can reasonably be
demanded. The criminal Was the first party
from whom the person aggrieved had to seek
compensation and redress; and if the redress
could not be obtained from him or the nation
to which he belenged then the United States
assumed the responsibility. It was implicitly
acknowledged by that act that the Government
of the United States was responsible for the
acts of the Indians on the reservations, was
responsible to the frontier people for damages
which may result from acts committed by In-
dians on reservations. Now, so far as I am
concerned, I am free to confess that I think
that is a correct principle.
Mr. PAINE. Allow me to make an inquiry
of the gentleman.
Mr. DEGENER. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. Is not this really the effect
of the amendment of the Senate: that instead
of allowing the Indian department to settle
with these Indians for damages committed by
them Congress reserves to itself the right to
do it; and that in doing it Congress may either
appropriate money which would otherwise go
to the Indians upon their annuities, dr it may
appropriate other money not devoted to the
payment of Indian annuities?
Mr. DEGENER. Perhaps my friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] may find in my argu-
ment an answer to his question, if he will honor
me further with his attention. 1 stated just
now that I considered it the right principle that
the United States should be responsible fortbe
acts of the Indians placed on reservations. I
am not a lawyer; but common sense teaches
me that if any person chooses to keep a dan-
gerous animal on his premises, say a rattle-
snake in his room; if he chooses to feed it,
chooses to provide a warm blanket for that rat-
tle-snake, so that it may r.ot suffer from cold,
and if he does not choose to extract the poison-
ous fangs of that animal then he becomes le-
sponsible should that rattle-snake escape from
his room and go upon the premises of his neigh-
bor And there bite his neighbor, or his neigh-
bor's wife, or children, or his cattle. I believe
common sense teaches us that that is the cor-
rect principle.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DEGENER. I would like a few minutes
more.
No objection was made, and leave was
accordingly granted.
Mr. DEGENER. I am obliged to the House
for its courtesy. To return to the law of 1834.
On the 28th of February, 1859, Congress
passed an act which repealed that portion of
the law of 1834 which gave the injured party
the right to go to tfic Treasury of the United
States for compensation for damages.
The statute to which I refer was approved
February 28, 1859, and it provides as follows :
"Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, Thatsomuchof
the act entitled * An act to regulate trade and inter-
course with tho Indian tribes, and to preserve peace
on the Irontiers,' approved June 30,1831, as provides
that the United States shall make indemnification
outof the Treasury for propcitj taken or destroyed
in certain cases, by Indians trespassing on white
men as described in I he said act, be, and tho same is
hereby,repealed: Provided, however. That nolhmg
herein contained shall be so construed as to impair
or destroy the obligation of the Indians to make
indemnification out of tho annuities as prescribed iu
said act."
I am not afraid, sir, to call a thing by its
real name, and I therefore say that in this
repeal the Government shirked a rightful
