4066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
provided; and a tax of two per cent, annually upon
the gains, profits, and income derived from any busi-
ness, trade, or profession carried on in the United
States by any person residing within or without the
United States, and whether a citizen thereof or not,
or from rents of real estate within the United States
owned by any person residing within or without the
United States, and whether a citizen thereof or not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. The House having already
adopted three per cent., I suppose it would be
understood that three per cent, is substituted
for two per cent, in the last clause of the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. It would uot be so under-
stood.
Mr. BINGHAM. Take the amendment as
it is.
The question was put on Mr. Mayhaji's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The next amendment was that offered by Mr.
Laflin, as follows:
In line seven, section thirty-eight, page 7S, insert
the word "floods" after the word "fires."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was that offered by Mr.
Burcuard, to amend section forty, on page 80,
in line eighteen, by inserting after the word
"return" the words "after notice to such
party so as to read :
The assistant assessor shall require every sach
return to be verified by tho oath of the party rendering
it, and may increase the amount of any return after
notice to such party if he lias reason to believe that
the same is understated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was that offered by Mr.
Townsbnd, to amend section forty by striking
oat the words "fifteen hundred" where they
occur therein and insert the words " two thou-
sand" in lieu thereof.
Mr. HOOPE11, of Massachusetts. That has
already been adopted.
The SPEAKER. That has been already
adopted, and the Chair has ordered " $2,000"
to be inserted in place of " $1,500 " through-
out the bill, so as to make it conform to the
amendment which has been adopted.
The next amendment was that offered by
Mr. Ela:
In section forty, lino ten, after the word "corpora-
tion," ndd "nor the wages of minor childron not
rooeived;" so that it will read:
And be it further enacted. That it sha.ll be the duty
of every person of lawful age, whose gross income
during tho precoding year exceeded $1,500, to make
and render a return, on or before tho day designated
by law, to the assistant assessor of the district in
which ho resides, of the gross amount of hia income,
gams, and profits as aforesaid; butnotincluding tho
amount received from any corporation whose officers,
as authorized by law, withhold and pay as taxes a
per cent, of tho dividends made, and ot tho interest
or coupons paid by such corporation, nor the wages
of minor childron not received.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was that offered by
Mr. Lynch, in section thirty-five, line two,
strike out "five" and insert "two."
Mr. LYNCH. That amendment was in-
tended to apply to section thirty-five. It should
have been offered as an amendment to the
amendment proposing to make the rate three
per cent.
The SPEAKER. The rate has already
been fixed at three per cent.
Mr. LYNCH. 1 was not aware when I
offered that amendment that there was an
amendment pending to make the rate three
per cent. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the sev-
eral votes by which amendments bad been
agreed to and disagreed to ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion
of Mr. SIcCarthy, to strike out all the sections
of the bill in relation to income tax, so as to
abolish the tax.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the Chair indicate
what sections it is proposed to strike out?
The SPEAKER. Prom section thirty-five
to section forty-three inclusive.
Mr. ALLISON. Why not include section
forty-four?
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the motion will include section forty-four.
Mr. BECK. I object.
The SPEAKER. The record on the Jour-
nal shows that the motion was to strike out
from section thirty-five to section forty-three,
inclusive.
Mr. GETZ. I ask unanimous consent to
print a few remarks on this question in the
Globe.
There was no objection, and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I wish to know if under the rules it
is iu order for any gentleman to vote on this
motion who is interested in the question?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of no
gentleman on the floor who is disqualified from
voting on this question.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Before the question
is put on striking out I ask that a correction
may be made to which I think the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means will agree.
It is to provide that the amount of all interest
actually paid may be deducted. It is a very
small reduction.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is my individual opinion
that all interest ought to be deducted; but that
is not the bill, and 1 have no authority to change
it. I will he one to give unanimous consent,
but I cannot agree to the amendment. It
depends on the House.
Mr. FITCH. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. McCarthy,] to strike out the sections
relating to the income tax.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 00, nays 121, not voting
46 ; as follows :
YEAR—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Bennett, Biggs,
Bird, Uovv'Gn, Buflinton, Burr, Cleveland, Covode,
Cowlos, Crobs, Davis, Dickinson, Fitch, Fox, Gar-
field, Getz, Iiaight,llauiill. Hill, Hooper, Ilotchkiss,
Jenckes, Johnson,lCelley,Kellogg, Ketcharn.Lafiin,
Lynch, May ham, McCarthy, Milnes, William Moore,
Darnel .). M.orrell, Morrissey, Myers, Negley, New-
sham, Niblack, O'Neill, Paine, Potter, itandall,
Reeves, liidgway, Sargent, Schumaker, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stiles,
btrong, Swann, Taylor, Trimble, Twichell, Upson,
and Wood—GO.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Bailey,Barry, Beaman, li catty,
Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Burohard, Bur-
dett, Roderick E. Butler, William T. Clark, Sidney
Ci&rke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cullom,
lMwes, Degener, Dockery, Donley, Dux, Duval,
Dyer, Ma, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriaa, Fmkeln-
burg, insher, Gibson, GilfiUan, Hale, Hamffleton,
Hamilton, Hawkins, Ilawley, Hay, Hays, Heilin,
lioar, Ilolman, Ingersoll, Alexander 11. Jones,
Judd, Keisey,Kerr,Knapp,Knott, Lash, Lawrence,
Lewis,Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, Maynard,Alc-
Cormick, McCrary, McUrew, McKenzie, JUeNcely,
Mercur, Ehakim H.Moore, JesseH. Mooie, Morgan,
Morphia, Samuel P.Morrill, Orth, Packard, Packer,
Pock, Perco, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter,
Prosser, Rice, Koots, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John
A. Smith, William J.Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Sweeney, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman,/L'ownsend,
JLyner, Van Auken, "Wallace, Ward, William B.
Washburn, Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard, Wil-
liams, John T.Wilson, Winans, Witcher, and Wood-
ward—124.
NOI VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Ayer,
Banks, Barnum, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley
Benjamin P. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Church-
ill, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cox, Dickey, Dixon
Ferry, Griswold, Haideman, Harris, ileaton, Hoge
Ihomas L. J ones, Julian, ItfcKee, Mungen, Palmer,
Poland, Rogers, Sanl'ord, Sherrod, Shober, Stevens,
Strader, Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voor-
hees, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker Wells
Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, and Winchester—4ti!
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WELICEB said: On this question I am
paired with Mr. Cox, of New York. If he
were here he would vote "ay," and I would
vote "no."
The SPEAKER. The House will now resume
the consideration of section forty-four, to which
is pending an amendment moved by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr, SCHENCK. Before proceeding to the
vote upon that amendment, I ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] to withdraw
it until I can move an amendment on behalf
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and then
he can renew his amendment. The amend-
ment which I propose to offer is to define a
distinction which should be made in order to
show what was intended by this section, that
it does not embrace United States bonds. I
think the amendment will not be objected to
by the gentleman, for it: will not affect his
amendment.
Mr. BEGK. Let the amendment be read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to move to insert
in section forty-four, after the words "bonds
or other evidences of debt issued and payable
after more than two years from date," the
words "by any of the corporations in this sec-
tion hereinafter enumerated."
Mr. BECK. I will withdraw my amendment
at the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schbnck,] and renew it after his amend-
ment shall have been disposed of.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I now move the amend-
ment I have indicated.
Mr. ALLISON. I would suggest that the
rate of tax should be fixed at three per cent,
instead of five per cent., so that this section
shall correspond iu that respect with the other
sections relating to incomes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
The question was taken on the amendment
moved by Mr. Sciiexck ; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BECK, I now renew my amendment,
modified somewhat to correspond with the
amendment just adopted, so as to make the
section read as follows:
Seo. 41. And be it further cnaeled, That there shall
be levied and collected a tax of fire per cent, on the
amount of all interest or coupons paid on bonds 01-
other evidences of debt issued and payable, after
more than two years from date, by the United States,
or by any of the corporations in this section herein-
after enumerated, and oil the amount of all divi-
dends of earnings, incorue, or gains hereafter de-
clared by any incorporated bank, trust company,
savings institution,insuraneeeompany.railroad com-
pany, steamboat or steamship company, canal com-
pany, turnpike company, canal navigation company,
slaekwater company, manufacturing company, min-
ing company, coal company, gas company, and bridge
company, whenever and wherever the same shall bo
payable, and to whatsoever person the same may bo
due, including non-residents, whether citizens or
aliens, and on all undivided profits of any such cor-
poration which have accrued and been earned and
added to any surplus contingent or other fund, and
the disbursing officers of the United States and every
such corporation having paid the tax as aforesaid is
hereby authorized and directed to deduct and with-
hold from any payment on account of interest cou-
pons and dividends an amount equal to the tax of
live per cent, on the same; and the payment to the
United btates as provided bylaw of the amount of
tax so deducted from the interest, coupons, and div-
idends aloresaid, shall discharge the said disburs-
ing oiiieers of the United States and the corporation
from any liability for that amount of said interest,
coupons, or dividends, claimed as due to any person,
except in cases where said corporations have pro-
vided otherwise by an express contract: Provided,
J.ha_t the tax upon the dividends of insurance com-
panies shall not be deemed due until such dividends
are payable; and that the money returned by mutual
life insurance companies to their policy-holders, and
the annual or semi-aDnual interest allowed or paid
to the depositors in savings-banks or savings insti-
tutions shall not be considered as dividends; and
that when any dividend is made, orinterestas afore-
said is paid, which includes any part of the surplus
or contingent fund of any corporation which has been
assessed and the tax paid thereon, or which includes
any part of the dividends, interest, or coupons re-
ceived from other corporations whose officers are
authorized by law to withhold a per cent, on the
same, the amount of tax so paid on that portion of
the surplus or contingent fund, and the amount of
tax which has been withheld and paid on dividends,
interest, or coupons so received may be deducted
irom the tax on such dividend or interest.
Mr. DAVIS. After this amendment shall
have been disposed of will the section be still
open to amendment?
Ihe SPEAKER. It will, unless the pre-
vious question shall he called and sustained
by the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out of the first clause
of the section the words "and collected," for
the purpose of presenting clearly to the minds
of members of this House the issue which is
