8122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
that the whole subject be recommitted to the
committee, in order that they my reexamine
the question. I am acquainted with this prop-
erty ; 1 have been all over the land. I Know
the heirs who claim it; I knew the man to whom
it was granted. I know that the title of these
parties is as good as the title of the Govern-
ment to the site on which this Capitol is built.
1 make the motion to recommit the bill and
accompanying papers to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Mexico, [Mr. Chaves,] according to the un-
derstanding of the Chair, is occupying the floor
by the courtesy of the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Stoughtox,] and cannot make the
motion without that gentleman's consent. If
the llouse should refuse to sustain the previous
question the Chair would recognize the gentle-
man from Npw Mexico to make the motion.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I would like to say a
word on this subject. The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs have considered this question.
There is no doubt in the world that this pre-
tended lease is utterly void. No lease can be
made providing for the surrender or giving
away of Government property. The improve-
ments upon the Fort Craig military reservation
are worth to-day $50,000; and if the relief
asked for in this case were granted, and the
property surrendered to the heirs of Pedro
Armendariz. nil those improvements would be
sacrificed to these parties. The lease is void
to start with. No quartermaster has any right
to make such a contract. In the next place
we say that the grant is imperfect. I will take
the admission of the gentleman himself, and
show, according to his own statement, it is
clearly so. In the old Spanish grant in the
Spanish language there is a point fixed which
was to serve as a center. It is the same as in
our surveys, which begin at a certain point and
ran thence in a certain direction, and so round
to the place of beginning. The point desig-
nated as the center here, and from which the
other lines are to radiate, is left oat. There
is no starting point.
I wish to call attention to another point. At
the time this grant was confirmed it was sedu-
lously concealed from Congress that Port Craig
reservation was upon it. If it was on the grant
it could not have escaped the surveyor. Is it
possible that such a landmark as a United
States fort should not have been known to be
npon this grant? No, sir. If this fort were
npon the grant, then the confirmation of the
grant was obtained by fraud. We say the
survey made by the surveyor general and the
copies of the papers filed before Congress must
control, not some language in the old Spanish
law. If not. what would be the result? Parties
coming here from New Mexico and asking for
confirmation of their grants for what would
appear only to be one league, after those con-
firmations were obtained, could go back to some
language in the old Spanish law and claim
thousands of leagues of land, and thus every
acre of the public property be swept away
without a single member of Congress know-
ing anything about it I propose lor one this
kind of thing shall not receive the sanction
of Congress.
Mr. WELKER. I suggest to the gentle-
man that the authorities connected with the
Genera' Land Office have decided in several
instances that the Government has the entire
right to the Fo'rt Craig reservation.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I am aware of that.
Mr. CHAVES. I do not know, and cannot
say, whether at the time this grant was con-
firmed by Congress it was stated that Fort
Craig was on that land or not. I was not here
in Washington, and did not know anything
about it in New Mexico; but I do know this
fact: that the present Fort Craig is npon the
Armendariz grant, which the committee say is
po valid grant. The history of this matter is
as follows: Don Pedro Armendariz employed
a lawyer by the name of Hugh U. Smith to
prosecute and confirm this self-same grant be-
fore this Government, and Mr. Smith was to
receive in part payment a portion of this grant.
After itsconfirmation, Mr. Smith chose his por-
tion in the northern part of the grant, upon
which, at that time, Fort Conrad was situated.
Mr. Smith demanded rent from the commander
of the department, which was refused as often
as it was made; and in order to avoid any
further difficulties, it was determined by the
military authorities to remove the post from
Smith'sland. Armendariz, hearing of this, and
considering it advantageous to have a military
post upon his land, offered the military author-
ities any site npon his part of this same grant,
for a post for a term of years, the consideration
being one dollar a year and the post and other
improvements, should they not need it that
long. The Government accepted these pro-
posals, and they entered into a solemn contract
with Armendariz, or his agents, to that effect.
At the expiration of that lease Mr. Armen-
dariz's heirs (he having died in the interval)
called upon the chief quartermaster of the
department of New Mexico, and entered into
a solemn contract with him, as agent for the
Government, to lease their propercy to the
Government for a term of years, for $2,000 in
gold. So far there was no trouble. But the
Quartermaster General, finding that the Gov-
ernment had already had possession for merely
a nominal rental for a term of years, and that
it had stripped the property of its timber, which
was all that made it valuable, and considering
that might made right, refused to approve of
the contract. This is all there is in this mat-
ter. There is no question about Fort Craig
not being npon Armendariz's grant. Ninety-
nine men oat of every hundred who know
anything about it will tell you so. If you re-
fuse to pay this rent you place yourselves in
the position of acknowledging a man's title
when he loaned it, his property, gratis, and
calling it a fraudulent claim when he makes a
demand upon you to comply with your part of
the contract. The present Fort Craig is about
eleven miles south of old Fort Conrad. These
are the facts as nearly as I recollect them.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I demand the previous
question. |
Mr. CHAVES. I understand from the gen- |
tleman that the matter is to be settled by the !
courts. If that be so, I do not object. I
Mr. COX. Has the Land Office taken posses- j
sionofthis?
Mr. CHAVES. It is as stated by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Welker] that under the
laws of Spain the Government had the right
to establish a fort even in your house without
giving you due consideration therefor.
Mr. COX. I suggest the word "pretended"
be stricken out and " alleged " inserted.
Mr. STOUGHTON. 1 do not object.
The amendment was made by unanimous
consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It seems to me this res- I
olution is determining this question : that we !
are taking away the rights of parties by act of ;
Congress, giving them no day in court and no
opportunity to try the question. j
Mr. STOUGHTON. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
a third reading ; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and al30 moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table..
The latter motion was agreed to. ;
The morning hour then expired. j
speaker's table. |
Mr. INGERSOLL moved that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business [
on the Speaker's table. i
The motion was agreed to. I
return of discharge pa pens.
The iirst business on tlio Speaker's tablo
were the following amendments of the Senate
to a joint resolution (II. 11. No. MO) for the
return of evidence of honorable discharge to
officers:
In lino four insert after tho word "officer" the
words "or enlisted man," and in linoeight, aftortlio
word " offioer," insert "or enlisted man," and in
lines ton and eleven striko out the words "and thig
provision shall also extend to tho discharges of en-
listed men" and insert in lieu thereof" ana provided
that the fact, date, and amount of such settlement
shall first bo clearly written across the face of such
evidenco of honorable discharge, and attested by tho
signature of the accounting officerso as to make
tho resolution read:
lie it retolveil, dc.. That in all cases where it has
become necessary for any officer or enlisted man of
the Array to file his ovidenee of honorabledisehargo
from the military servioe of the United States, to
secure tho settlement of his accounts, the account-
ing oiliccr with whom it has been filed shall, upon
application by said officer or enlisted man, deliverto
him such evi^lonce of honorable discharge, providing
his accounts shall havo beon duly settled: Anil pro-
vided, That tlio fact, dato, and amount of such settle-
ment shall first be clearly written across tho face of
such evidenco of honorablo discharge, and attested i
by the signaturo of tho accounting officer.
On motion of Mr. H0LMAN, the Senate
amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendments were con-
curred in; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
cii0ptank light-station.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 78) relative to the
establishment of a light-station on the Chop-
tank river, in Maryland ; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution proposes to authorize
the Light-House Board to establish a light-
station to mark the obstruction to navigation
in the Choptank river, Maryland, in the vicin-
ity of Castle Haven Point.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be put on its passage; and I desire to ,
have read a letter from the chairman of the
Light-House Board.
i'heSPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to the joint resolution being passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I will only say that
it is recommended by the chairman of the
Light-House Board, and requires no appropri-
ation.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time. It was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
columbia railway company.
The next basiness on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 227) to incorporate the Columbia
Railway Company of the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. KNOTT moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
land districts in dakota.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
abill (S. No. 579) to create additional land dis-
tricts in the Territory of Dakota, to be called
the Springfield and Pembina districts ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. SPINK. I ask that the bill be put
upon'its passage.
Mr. HAWLEY. On behalf of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands I make the same
request.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SPINIC moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
