1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
expression from the other end pf the avenue
in regard to it ?
Mr. DAWES. This joint resolution was
drawn in the ordnance department and sent
to me with this map.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to amend this
joint resolution by providing that the amount
received for this property shall be covered
into the Treasury of the united States.
Mr. DAWES. Of course it will be.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not unless there is a
provision to that effect.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is it safe to allow this
money to be received by the superintendent of
the arsenal? The other day the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] did not think
it safe to allow the land named in the League
Island bill to be sold under the direction of the
President,
Mr. DAWES. In answer to my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,] I will say that
this land is worth only about twenty-five dol-
lars, and I think we might trust the superin-
tendent with that amount. If this land was
worth any considerable sum, without reflecting
npou anybody else we might think it advisable
to have it sold at public auction. I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and-
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reconsider the
various votes of reference this morning; and
I also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
contract with congressional globe.
Mr. LAFLIN. The Committee on Print-
ing, in reply to the following resolution of the
House, namely—
"Retained, That the Committee on Printing be
directed to report to this House a copy of the oon-
tract under which the Congressional Globe is now
published"—
have directed me to report a copy of said
contract. I move that the same be laid on the
table and printed.
Mr. DAVIS, Let the copy of the contract
be read.
The Clerk read as followB:
Whereas John D. Defrees, Congressional Printer,
has been duly authorised, by thejoint Committee on
Printing of the Congress of the United States to con -
tract with Franklin Rives and George A. Bailey for
reporting and publishing the debates and proceed-
ings of the Forty-First Congress, in accordance with
a certain proposition submitted by the said Rives
and Bailey, dated March 25, A. D. 1869, with certain
additional provisions required by the said joint com-
mittee, all of which are fully stated in the contract
hereinafter set forth; now, therefore,
. This agreem ent, entered into this 14th day of April,
in the year 1869, by and between Franklin Rives and
George A. Bailey, of the city of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, of the first part, and the United
States of America, by John D. Defrees, their Con-
gressional Printer, acting under and by virtue of the
authority aforesaid, of the second part, witnesseth:
That the said parties of the first part, fbr and in
consideration of the moneys hereinafter agreed to
be paid unto them, do hereby covenant and agree
with the said party of the- second part as follows,
namely: First to report promptly, by1 a corps of com-
petent reporters sufficient for that purpose, the de-
bates and proceedings of each House of Congress for
and during the sessions of the Forty-First Congress;
and that the said reporters and their associates for
the Senate shall be such persons only as shall be
approved, in writing, by the Senate Committee on
Printing, and, those for the House of Representatives
such only as shall be approved, in writing, by the
House Committee on Printing; and that any failure
or refusal to fulfill these provisions shall, at the
option of Congress, work a forfeiture by said Rives
a o ^ailey of all rights under this contract.
ni^ii publish the debates in the Daily
mlniitw"'1 the 8wne kinds of type and the mme
a? ftirHm tpape? Mar«now [used] in that publication,
fi-tm w will issue it in season to be
1J58-Vin b7,tlle earliest mails leaving
on tbo morning of its publication when the matter
shall not exceed fifty columns; and when the matter
shall exceed fifty columns the publication of such ex -
cess may be deferred until the said parties of the first
part.using all due diligence, shall find its publication
practicable; and the publication of all speeches not
actually delivered in either House may be deferred
until their publication shall not extend the measure
of the workbeyond the said fifty columns; the columns
to be of the same length and width as those in the
present issue of the Daily Globe. Said rate per col-
umn shall cover all charges, not only for the matter
set in brevier type, but also the more costly set in
nonpareil, and all tabular work, also set in nonpa-
reil, and all corrections and alterations in matter put
in t?pe.
3. They shall furnish two copies of the Daily Globe
to each member of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, at, ono cent per page for each copy, which
shall also cover all expenses for mailing both this
issue and such copies of the quarto issue as members
may desire mailed.
4. They shall transfer the proceedings and debates
from the Daily Globe into quarto form in pages of the
size of the present issueof the Congressional Globeand
Appendix and print the same on paper of the same
weight and quality as that now used, for that publica-
tion at two mills per page, the number of copies of the
quarto issue not to be less than that heretofore sup-
plied to Congress for its members.
5. They shall furnish an ample index to the quarto
edition, the charges for which shall be the same as
those above named for the proceedings and debates.
6. They shall print the laws passed by Congress in
the same manner as the proceedings and debates, and
at the same rates.
7. They shall furnish storage free of charge for
the printed sheets for such reasonable time as the
Congressional Printer may desire, who shall give
duplicate receipts therefor at such times as may be
required by the parties of the first part.
And the United States of America, by John D.
Defrees,their Congressional Printer, acting under and
by virtue of the authority aforesaid, do hereby agree
with the said partiesof the first part to pay them for
the work hereinbefore specified to be done at the
respective rates heretofore named, tho accounts for
reporting and printing the proceedings in the Daily
Globe to be paid monthly, and the accounts for the
quarto edition to be paid for as the work progresses,
at the reqnest of the parties of the first part.
A.11 accounts arising under this agreement for
work done for the Senate are to be audited and paid
for by its Secretary, and the accounts for work done
for the House of Representatives are to be audited
and paid for by the Clerk thereof. j
In testimony whereof the parties aforesaid have'
hereunto set their hands and affixed their seals, on
this 14th day of April, A. D. 1869.
[l. s.l FRANKLIN RIVES.
Ll. s.l GEORGE A. BAILEY.
[L. s.] JOHN D. DEFREES.
Congressional Printer,
for and in behalf of the United States of America.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the report will belaid on the table and printed.
Mr. WILLABD. Will it be printed in the
Globe?
Mr. DAVIS. I understood the chairman of
the Committee on Printing [Mr. Laflin] to
withdraw the motion with respect to printing.
It will be printed in the Globe.
_ The SPEAKER. It will not be unless
cially ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. Having been read, it will
be published as part of the proceedings.
Mr. WOOD. Would it be in order to move
that copies of this contract be published for the
benefit of this House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated that the report will be laid on the table
and printed, understanding such to have been
the motion of the chairman of the Committee
on Printing. Unless some gentleman 6bjects,
the Chair will consider the order as made.
There was no objection.
remains of general william steadman.
Mr. GARFIELD,of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1194) direct-
ing the Secretary of State to cause the remains
of General William Steadman, late consul of the
United States at Santiago de Cuba, to be sent
to his late home in Portage county, Ohio;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
norman wiard.
spe-
Committee on Military Affairs for the reduction
of the Army have, it seems, been exhausted
Members tell me it is impossible to procure
any more copies ; and the Doorkeeper informs
me that he is unable to furnish any more. £
have but one copy myself. I ask that the'bill
be ordered to be reprinted.
The SPEAKER. Under the law, a motion
for the printing of additional copies of any
document must be referred to the Committee
on Printing. Without such a reference the
House is incompetent to order the printing
any more than the regular number of copies
which have already been printed. '
Mr. LOGAN. I move that fifteen hundred
extra copies of the bill be ordered to be printed
The SPEAKER. The motion will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
unexpended departmental balances.
Mr. BECK. I ask unanimous consent to
submit for adoption at the present time the
following resolution:
Whereas by the second section of the act approved
May 1,1820, it is made the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to annex to the annual estimates of appro-
priations required for the public service a state-
ment of the sums remaining in tho Treasury, or in
the hands of the Treasurer as agent of the War or
Navy Department, from the appropriations of former
years, estimating the sums which will be required to
defray the expenses incurred in a previous year, and
showing the whole amount which will be subject to
the disposition of the exeoutive Government for the
year to which the estimates apply; and whereas the
fiscal year as provided by law ends on the 30th day
of June in each year, and all appropriations are by
: law required to conform to the coming fiscal year as
so provided; and whereas Congress, by thesecondsec-
tion of the act approved January 31,1868, and by the
third and fourth sections of the act approved June
17,1868, intended to prevent unexpended balances in
one branch of any Department from being trans-
ferred to another, and to require the Secretary of the
Treasury to show to Congress annually what had been
expended out of appropriations made and what
remained on hand in any Department, or any branch
thereof, at the close of each fiscal year, so that Con-
gress might legislate intelligently and with full in-
formation as to the management of each Depart-
ment; and whereas tho Secretary of the Treasury
has failed to furnish the information required, either
in his estimates originally forwarded or in the state-
ment lately sent to Congress, the 3d day of Septem-
ber having been selected in that statement instead
of June 30: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, directed to furnish this House, as soon
as possible, with a full statement of all unexpended
balances in each of the branches of each Department
on the 30th day of June, 1869, estimating the sums
which will be required to defray the expenses in-
curred in previous years, and showing also the whole
amount which he estimates will be subject to the
disposition of Congress for the year 1871.
Mr. WARD. I desire to say that I feel con-
strained to object to resolutions of this char-
acter, entailing upon the Departments an im-
mense amount of labor and expense in answer-
ing them. The other day there was sent to
the Secretary of the Treasury a resolution of
inquiry, the answer to which necessitated the
expenditure of several hundred dollars and
the employment of a large number of extra
clerks. I think that there should be tome
committee to which resolutions of this char-
acter should be referred, and which should
report whether the information ought to be
asked for. On this ground I object to my
friend's resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the information
is what the Committee on Appropriations want,
and the statutes of the land require the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to furnish. The law re-
quires that when he submits estimates for appro-
priations he shall submit also a statement of the
appropriation for the same object for the year
preceding, and all the unexpended appropria-
tions for that object. This has always been
done until this year; but this year we have the
estimates with the appropriations of last year,
but not one word about the unexpended bal-
They have not been able up to this
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
Nnia w'(^' 1195) forthe relief of ances. The have not been abie „p
Norman Wiard; which was read a first and ;i d to t tl/em in that sh e, although they
the different Departments,
ing papers, to the Committee of Claims.
reprinting the army bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to state to the House
that the printed copies of the bill reported by the
Mr. WARD. As I understand that the Com-
mitee on Appropriations desire this informa-
tion, I withdraw my objection.
