1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2179
Territories, according to population. There
arc morepianos there than in any other Ter-
ritory. There is more attention paid to culti-
vating shrubs and flowers and trees, and in
bringing in water for irrigation, and for the
general purpose of beautifying, and for clean-
liness, than any other place. I have never seen
in the 'West a village of more thrift and indus-
try, and with thesiogle exception of polygamy,
there is little which can be said against the
Mormons. I regret that my friend from Mich-
igan [Mr. Bl&ib] who was with me there, and
spent a portion of twenty-four hours there—
not very long for the purpose of making any
extended observations; a part of Saturday
night and a portion of Sunday—should find
it in his heart to characterize those people as
he has, and especially the leader of those
people.
I now yield the balance of my time to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] for the
purpose of making a motion.
Mr. SOHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
move to recommit this bill, and I do not desire
to make any argumentin reference to its merits.
What I said yesterday I repeat now. T do bo-
lievesome positive effectivo legislation neces-
sary in order to breakup the corrupt, criminal
condition of things in Utah; bull do think this
bill of thirty-four sections, with all its multifa-
rious provisions, is perhaps not the best way
to accomplish that object. I have been look-
ing at it in the brief space of time it has been
before us, and I find there are provisions in it
which appear to bo inimical to every principle
of the common law. It sets aside provisions
of statutes in regard to marriage and in regard
to testimony. It con tains a section which pro-
vides for declaring war and for calling out, not
exceeding forty thousand volunteers. I am
inclined to believe that a well-drawn short bill,
strengthening the power of the courts there aud
making certain provisions in regard to juries,
added to the stringent laws we have now already
011 the statute-books in regard to polygamy,
mightanswer the purpose, i should prefer that
this bill should go to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ; but I do not wish to do anything which
would seem in any respect to stigmatize as
incompetent for this duty in the fullest degree
the eotnmitlca from which it comes. Out of
deference to tbom, I propose to move thai, the
bill be recommitted to the same committee.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman make
that motion?
Mr. 8CI115NCK. That is my motion ; and
on that motion I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WJ3LKBU. f desire to offer some amend-
ments, which 1 want to go with the bill in case
it is recommitted.
Mr. SCllliiNCK. I yield for the purpose of
allowing the gentleman to move his amend-
ments.
Mr. WEL1CER. I move to strike out. sec-
tions eleven, fourteen, thirty, thirty-one, and
tliirty-two.
Mr. CULLOM. _ Before any voto is taken
upon the bill I desire to have the privilege of
saying a few words,
Mr. SOHENCK. I cannot refuse the chair-
man of the committee.
Mr. CULLOM. I do not desire this motion
for the recommittal of the bill shall prevail.
As I have said all along during this discussion
I am willing that full opportunity shall be
afforded for offering amendments. I am will-
ing the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welkbii]
shall offer his amendments, and that the senso
of the House shall be taken upon them.
So far as I am concerned, I expected to make
a motion to strike out section eleven and amend
eection fourteen myself, on behalf of the com-
mittee. And then I desired to allow the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Welekr] to offer his
amendment, which proposes to strike out two
or three other sections of the bill. The com-
mittee do not desire to force any particular bill
on this House ; but they insist that the House
is just as ready now to dispose of this question
and make such amendments to the bill as it
thinks proper, and to pass upon the hill, as it
would be after referring it again to the com-
mittee and having itreported back to the House.
I hope the House will vote down the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and
that we will then have a vote on the previous
question, and thereafter upon such amendments
as may be pending, and upon the final passage
of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, my motion
itself will be one that will draw from the House
au expression of its opinion. If the House
should be of opinion, expressed by a majority
vote, that this bill is capable of being amended
in its various provisions hero amid the con-
fusion of business in the House, so that it shall
be a well-adapted measure for the purposes
indicated, in that case I am willing to submit.
But if the majority of the House think as I
do, that this long bill of thirty-four sections
should bo condensed into something much
shorter and better adapted to the purpose,
then they will sustain ray motion. I do not
wish to go into any argument on (lie subject.
Mr. COX. I have prepared a motion to
strike out the thirty-second section of the bill.
But I desire to suy hero that as the motion
oftho gentleman from Ohio [Mr. .Sciiexck|
affords, perhaps, the speediest way to kill the
bill, 1 will voto for it, my desire, as 1 said
yesterday, being to kill the bill.
The SrEAKEU. The Chair will state what
will be the practical effect ofthe motion ofthe
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schkxck.] If the
House shall second the call for the previous
question on the motion to commit, and should
then refuse to commit, the previous question
would operate upon the engrossment, and third
reading of the bill and all the amendments
pending.
>Mr. I'KTKllK. 1 desire to make a single
remark, and I do not. know that I will have any
better opportunity than (he present. In the
colloquy yesterday between the Delegate from
tftah aud several gentlemen upon the floor
allusion was made to John King Kohin.-on,
who was assassinated in that Terviton, and
tin; Delegate said some things in relation to
that matter which if not mot would give Dr.
Robinson a not very elevated character. 1 wi.- U
to state to the House that he was a native of
Maine, and a man of honorable character and
high position. And, as the best evidence of
that., I ask that there may be read a memorial
of the Legislature of Maine, which f presented
in thejast Congress, in relation to this matter
as their opinion upon his character.
The Clerk read as follows:
Slu.!'.: of Mat.ii<-.
Resolves relating to the assassination of .lolni King
Robinson at Suit Lake City.
Whereas the circnmstiuifics attending tho violent
death ot l>r. J ohri JvmgHobinson fttSallbako City, in
tho Territory ot' UUh, show conclusively that he was
iiRinsamfttcd by a band of Mormons acting under tho
direction of the leading authorities of that people,
who had become hostile to him on account of the
position ho had taken in refusing to comply with
their practices and customs, nnd in aiding to estab-
lish a Congregational Sabbath-school in Salt Lake
City; and whereas tho paid John King Kobinsou was
a native of tho State of Maine, and remained a citi-
zen thereof until his removal to Utah Territory; and
whereas the continuance of tho Mormon power in
Utah renders unsafe all citizens of iho United States
in that Territory who desire liberiy of conscience
and freedom topursuohonorable employments, such
as can be enjoyed in other States and Territories
and fixes upon our nation tho reproach of polygamy •
Therefore, as an expression of tho Legislature of
Maine:
He it re«o?oerf,ThatthoSonators and Representatives
ill Congress from tho State of Maine be requested to
adopt such measures as in their judgment maybe
most efficient to indueo tho Administration to assume
control of affairs in Utah, so that tho safety of citi-
zonsof the United Slates therein may bo insured
and polygamy in thatTerritory abolished at as early
day as may bo practicable.
J'notvfd, That the Governor of this State is re-
quested to forward a copy of these resolves to'each
of the Senators and Representatives in Congress
from Maine.
Ix the House op Reprksentativks,
February 28,1867.
Read and passed. ^ BARKER, Speaker.
Hood and passed.
In Senate, February 28, 18C7.
N. A, BURPEE, President.
Approved:
February 28,1867.
J. L. CHAMBERLAIN, Governor.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I only wanted
to have put on the record this much on behalf
of the memory of John King Kobinson ; and
the resolution of the Legislature of his native
State having been read, I have nothing to add.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the previous question having been seconded
will operate till tho bill is disposed of. The
main question has been ordered, which is first
on the motion to recommit the bill.
Mr. COX and Mr. WARD called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FINKBLNBUEG-. I desire to ask a
parliamentary question. If the motion to
recommit shall not prevail will the bill be
susceptible of amendment at all ?
The SPEAKER. No further than amend-
ments are now pending.
Mr. FINKELNBUKG. Then no further
amendments can be offered?
The SPEAKER. No further amendments
can be offered, as the House has ordered the
main question.
The question was taken on Mr. Schexck's
motion ; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 75, nays 87, not voting 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Axtell,
Barnuni, Bcaman, Beck, Biggs, Boles, James Brooks,
Burr, Cox, Dickey, Dickinson, Dockery, i)ox, l<2!a,
KldmlKC, i-Wnsworth, .b'inkelnbiirg, h'ltch,Garfield,
(ictz, Gibson, (Iriswold, llaiglit.IIaldomaii, Jlamitl,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hill, llotman, Hooper,
.Juhuson, Alexander if. Jones, Kclley, Kerr. Kna pp.
Knott, Marshall, ilayham, SloOorrjick. JIcKoe, .\j* ■
lvenstie, McNecly, Mongol. .Myers, Is11black, j'eice,
Poland, Hotter, Randall, Heading, llceves, Eiec.
HuUway, lingers, ^antovd, riargent, idehenek, Seo-
liidd.Sliorrod, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, thru-
dev, Swann, Tanner, Tillman, Iwieho!l, H'ells, il«-
:-"!jr M, \V ilson, Wmans, Wood, and Woodward—Y.\
l\T A Yrf—.Ucssrs. A1 An:':-, Arnetl, Asper, At-
wkoiI, Ayer, Hentty,Benjamin, Bennett;. Binl.Uenieo
i^l. lu'o.'k., JmU'K, Biu'klev, Butlmton, Bare barJ.,C;.i-
Kin, 0'-- na, Churchill, Clarke, Cleveland, Cohan!.
C'ioL, C.mTO', Covotle. Culloni, Donley, Duval, I
Ferry, tVher, (li!til!an, llale, llamblcion, tla.wlev,
Jlcaton, iieliin, li!;;ei.iolI, Judd, Kcllosfr, Kolscy,
Ketelia.ni, l.nwi enco, l.oiujiridtte, Lyncti. Mayna,,!,
McCarthy, Afediew. Mercur, Eliakun U. Mooie,
-les-'e II. Moore, William Mooic, Ne:;lev, O'Soii:
V<K)rhecs. Ward, C.tdwalader C. Washburn, Wclkei\
Wheeler. \\ llkmson, Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Wiiohcr—ST.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong,Bailey,Banks,
JJenton, Bingham.BJair, Looker, Bo wen, Boyd, Bur-
den, Benjamin h\ Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
Ajnasiit/obl), Cimton L.Cobb, Cowlcs, Crcbs, David,
\vc< Dixon,* orris*. Fox, Jlay.Hays, Hoar. Hose,
Hotuhki.s^, Jcnckcs,ihomasL. Jones, Julian, Laflin,
Lash. Loffan, McCrary, Milnes, Moigan, Morphis,
Dumul J MorreH, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey,
Forter, Prosscr, Roots, Sawyer, Schumaker, Porter
MioMoti, blocuin, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Slone,
bwecney, lownsend, Trimble, Van Auken. Van
dlestor—lm Washburn, Willard, and Win-
So the House refused to recommit the bill.
MESSAGE FliOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamux,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had concurred in the resolution passed by the
Mouse for theprinting of fifteen thousand extra
C"P'®S of the report of the select Committee
!• a 6 on the Causes of the Reduction
of American Tonnage: ,
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
I that the-House, or Committee of.the Whole
i on the state of the Union,, shall take a recess
