5012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
adopt for the improvement of the navigation-of the
Wisconsin river such plan as may be recommended
by the chief of the Bureau of Engineers.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary albiesaid is hereby authorized to ascertain at
any time he shall deem proper, within three years
from the passage of this act, the sum which ought in
justice to be paid to the Green Bay and Mississippi
Canal Company, a corporation existing under the
laws of Wisconsin, as an equivalent for the transfer
of all and singular its property and rights of property
in and to the line of water communication between
the Wisconsin river aforesaid and the mouth of tfox
river, including its locks, dams, canals, and trnn-
chiscs, or so much of the same as shall, in the judg-
ment of paid Secretary, bo needed; and to that, end
is authorized to join with said company in appoint-
ing a board of disinterested and impartial arbitra-
tors, one of whom shall be selected by the Secretary
aforesaid, another by said company, and the third
by the two arbitiators so selected. The Secretary
aforesaid is authorised to employ a competent agent
or attorney to represent the interests of the United
States upon the hearing bctoie tuich board.
Sec. 3. And be U further enacted. That no money
. shall bo expended on the work contemplated herein
until the Ureen B y and Mississippi Canal Company
shall make, and iile with the Secretary of War, an
agreement in writing, whereby it shall agice to grant
and convey to the United Slates the property and
franchises mentioned in the foregoing section, upon
the terms awaided by the arbitrators. It is hereby
made the duty of the Secretary of War to transmit
to Congress a copy of the report of the arbitrators,
upon which Congress may, atitsthenpresentsession,
elect to take such property upon making an appropri-
ation to pay the amount awarded: Provided, That if
the Secretary of War shall not transmit to Congress a
copy of the report of the arbitrators at least sixty
days before the close of its session Congress may at
its next session makesuch election and appropriation.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all tolls
and revenues derived from the improvements made
or acquired under the provisions of this act, after
providing for the current expenses of operating and
keeping the same in repair, shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States; and whenever the
United States shall be reimbursed for all sums ad-
vanced for the same, with interest thereon, then the
tolls aforesaid shall be reduced to the least sum
which, together with other revenues properly appli-
cable thereto, if any, shall be sufficient to operate,
and keep the improvements in repair.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Secic-
taryof War shall annually report to Congress the
progress made in the completion of said improve-
ments, the amount expended thereon, the amount,,
if any, required for the succeeding tiseal year, and
the amount of revenue derived therefrom.
The SPEAKER. The question is on agree-
ing to the substitute.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 desire to move an
amendment to the second section of the sub-
stitute.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Sawyer] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAWYER. This measure has been
thoroughly considered by the committee ; and
I cannot yield for any amendment. I call the
previous'question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do I understand that
the gentleman refuses to yield for an amend-
ment? Here is a bill which is an entering-
wedge to an expenditure of millions of dol-
lars ; and it strikes me it ought not to go
through the House in this hasty manner with-
out any opportunity to amend it.
Mr. SAWYER. The bill has been consid-
ered very carefully in committee, and I am
not authorized to yield for any amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is desirable the House
should understand the bill.
Mr. SAWYER. No money is appropriated
by the bill.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 53, noes 41; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Benjamin
and Mr. Sawyer were appointed.
Mr. CULLOM. I suggestto the gentleman
having charge of this bill that he ought to ex-
plain it to the House if he expects it to pass.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 will hear the amendment
of the gentleman from Missouri read.
Mr. DAWES. This is a good deal like the
bill relative to fur-bearing animals in Alaska.
1 am opposed to putting such bills through
when we have no opportunity to know what
they are.
The SPEAKER. The amendment which
thegentlemau from Missouii [Mr. Benjamin]
desires to offer will be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to section two the following:
Provided, That in making their award the said
arbitrators ,r hnll take into consideration the amount
ol' money realized from the sale of lands heretofore
sranted by Congress to the State of Wisconsin to aid
in the construction of said water communication,
which amount shall be deducted from the actual
value thereof as found by said arbitrators.
Mr, ALLISON. 1 tiiiuk that amendment
ought to be adopted.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendment will be considered as adopted.
There was no objection; and the amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. SAWYER. I now call the previous
question on agreeing to the substitute, as
amended.
The SPEAKER. On that question the
Chair will order tellers, as no quorum voted a
moment, ago, and will appoint the gentleman
from Wisconsin, Mr. Saivveb, and the gentle-
man from Indiana, Mr. lioi.MAN.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes eighty-one, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the substitute, as amend-
ed, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended by the adoption of the
substitute, was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the aflirmutive—yeas 111, nays 50, not voting
(i2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Aunstrons?.
Aaper, Atn ood.Axtell, Ayer, Ha.iley, 13 .inks, liainum,
Itcuman, Bonnei t, Ponton, liij?^s. Binsrham, Booker,
.Boyd, GeorRo A!. brooks, Buck, Buckley, IJuftinto'i,
Durcbard, Kodrriek li. Butler, Calkin. Churchill,
WiUnim i1. Clark, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Clinton
L. Cobb, Oonsor. Uovode. Cox, Degener. Dixon,
Dockciy, Dyer, 131drid!i;t\ IVrriss, lYrry, Finkeln-
burjJT. tV:h'..r, !ui.eii,I! ale. Ham bio ton, HamiHon, 11 ar-
ris, lliuvley. Iloar, Hm>tiei, imnn-suil, Jenckes. John-
son,Julian. Kolley.KelM'y, L-itlin, bash, Lou<:hridgf\
Marshall, Mayhem, McCm-lby, Molvec, McKeimo,
Meicui, Mijnos. 'Uornlus. D-mml J.Morrotl.MunKen,
Ne<<ley, Pame, Palmer, Peck, Perce. Peters, Phelps,
Poland, Pomcroy, Pi osmt, Ueeve-\ lVnrcrs, Sanl'ord,
Sarprent, Sawyer, Scheuck, Schuuiakor, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sloeum, John
A.Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyili, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes,
Stoii^htou, Strader,Strickland, Taffo,Tanner, Town-
send, Twictlell, Upson, Vanilorn, Van Wyek, Ward,
Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Wilkinson, Willard, and
Wood—ill.
KAYS—Messrs, Adams, Beatty, Benjamin, Bird,
Blair, lioles, Burr, Cessna, Coburn, Orebs, Cullom,
Dawes, Dickey. Dickinson, (-etz, llaldeman, Haw-
kins, llay, Hill, Holioao, Jttdd, Kerr, Kotchinn,
fvnott, Lawrence, Lewis, McO'oriniek, McCJrew. Mc-
Neely, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, O'Neill, Onh,
Packer, ltandall, lliee, Scotield, Sboriod, Joseph S.
Smith. Stiles, Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Taylor, Till-
man, Trimble, Xyner, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wel-
ker, Wells, Whitmore. Williams, VYinans, Winches-
ter. and Woodward—50.
NOT VOTING—Mess]-?. Archer, Arnell, Barry,
Beck, Bowen, James Brooks, Buidett, Benjamin i'.
Butler, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Conner, Cook, Cowles,
Davis, Donley, Dox, Duv;s 1. EUi., Farnsworth, Fox,
GUrfiold, Gibson, GriUillan, Guswold, liuight. llnmill,
Hays.iteflin. Mopre, Hotel)kiss, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Kellers, Kr'app, Logan, Lynch,
Maynard. McOaiy, Eliakini II. Moore, Morgan,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morri^sey, M\ers, Newsham,
Nibla.ck, Packard, Piatt, Porter, Pottei, Itidgway,
Koots. Shobcr, Stevenson, Stone, Van Auken, Wal-
lace. William lb Washburn, Wheeler, Kugene M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Witch or—62.
So the bill, as amended, was passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved !
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
-messaul! from l'jie sknatk.
A message was received from the Senate, by ;
Mr. Sntpsow, one of its clerks, notifying the i
House that that body disagreed to theameud-
meut, of the House to a bill (S. No. s113) to
establish an additional land district in theState
of Kansas, asked for a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, and had
appointed as managers of said conference on
its part Mr. Pomeroy, Mr. Harlajt, and Mr.
Davis.
MESSAGE FROM TEE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President
of the TJnited States, by Mr. HoRAC'B Portkr,
one of his secretaries, notifying the House that
he had approved and signed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 854) in relation to female clerks in
the Internal Revenue Bureau.
bridge across bio wabash rivjir.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back a joint resolution (H..R.
No. 231) granting the Evansville and Southern.
Illinois Railroad Company the right to build a
bridge across the Big Wabash river, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
'The joint resolution provides that the Evans-
ville and Southern Illinois Railroad Company,
a corpoiation organized under an act of the
Legislature of the State of Illinois, is thereby
granted the right to construetan iron or wooden
bridge for railroad purposes, and as a public
highway, either with a draw or a continuous
span as it may determine, across the Big
Wabash river, at any point, said corporation
may select, either at the Little chain, in or
opposite White county, Illinois, and Posey
county, Indiana, or at any point above the
same, extending up said riveras faros the town
of New Harmony, in said county of Posey,
and State of Indiana; and should said rail-
road company hereafter at any time consol-
idatewith the Evansville, Carmi, and Paducah
Railroad Company of Indiana, or any com-
pany now organized or hereafter to be organ-
ized in the said State of Indiana, that thenghts
and franchises thereby granted shall inure to
and become vested in said consolidated com-
pany and its assigns forever; provided that
I lie bridge to be constructed under the author-
ity thereby granted shall not interfere with the
free navigation of said stream beyond what is
necessary in order to carry into full effect the
rights and privileges thereby gran ted,and shall
be built at right angles with the current of the
stream where said bridge may be erected; and
thai a space of at. least one hundred and seventy
feet over the main channel of said stream shall
be left between the piers of said structure; and
provided further that if said bridge shall be
built with a draw of not less than one hundred
feet in width, and said draw is kept in repair
for the passage of boats at all times, the de-
tention of passing said bridge shall not be
construed as interfering with the navigation of
the stream; and it is further provided that
said bridge shall bo and .considered a legal
structure, and shall be a post road for the
transmission of the United States mails.
Mr. CONGER. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
lion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bliidgu across missouri k1ve1!.
Mr. CONGER also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it. do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1149) to
amend an act entitled ''An act authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river, upon the military reservation at Fort
Leavenworth, Kansas."'
'1 he bill was read. It provides that the
sixth section of the act entitled ''An act au-
thorizing the construction of a bridge across
the Missouri river,upon the military reservation
at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas," be amended
so as to read as follows: "That it shall be law-
ful tor the St. Joseph and Denver City Bail-
road Company, a corporation chartered and
created by the laws of the State of Kansas, or
