3124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
Mr. GARFIELD, ofr Ohio. I ask that this
bill bo now put upon its passage.
The bill was read. The first scction pro-
vides that the First National Bank of Delhi,
now located in Delhi, Delaware county, State
of New York, is thereby authorized to change
its location to the village of Port Jervis, Orange
county, State of New York, and that whenever
the stockholders representing three fourths of
the capital of said bank, at a meeting called
for that purpose, determine to make such
change the president and cashier shall exe-
cute a certificate under the corporate seal of
the bank specifying such determination; and
shall cause the same to be recorded in the office
ot'the Comptroller of the Currency, and there-
upon such chaiige of location shall be effected,
and the operations of discount and deposit of
said bank shall be carried 011 in the village of
Port Jervis, Orange county, State ofNew York.
The second section provides that nothing in
this act contained shall be so construed as in
any manner to release the said bank from any
liability or affect any action or proceeding ill
law in which the said bank may be a party or
interested ; and that when such change shall
have been determined upon as aforesaid notice
thereof and of such change shall be published
in at least two weekly newspapers in each of
the counties of Delaware and Orange, in the
State of New York, for not less than four suc-
cessive weeks. The third section provides that
this act shall take effect and be in force from
and after its passage.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfibld,] the
chairman of the Committee on Banking and
Currency, what-objection there is to passing a
general law on this subject, so that any national
bank may change its location on the same
terms?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is a ques-
tion which has been considered. I have here
in my desk a letter from the Comptroller of
the Currency upon that subject, in which he ex-
presses the opinion that such a measure would
be too sweeping, and that it would be belter to
allow each specific case to stand upon its own
merit*.
Mr. MAYNARD. What are the
applicable to this particular case ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was expected
that the business requirements of Delhi and
the surrounding section of country would call
for two national banks; bat it has resulted that
the basic ess has tarned off to the region of
Port Jervis, where it is proposed to transfer
this bank. The committee of the Senate, the
committee of the House, and the Comptroller
of the Currency are agreed that it would be
proper to pass this bill. I would also call
attention to the statement of the two Repre-
sentatives from the portion of the State of New
York interested in this subject.
The 8tateme t was as follows:
reasons
Statement of coot of Firtt National Bank of Delhi,
New York.
■ There an now two national banks at Delhi; the
DBsinGss wants of th^t seetion re^oiie but on©;
whereas at Port Jervia, Orange county, only one
and the wants of that section requiro
two. The stockholders af the said bank there negro*
tiated lor a transfer of the said bank to Port Jervis,
and for that purpose have presented a bill ia form
the?ame as a bill to change a bank from Brooklyn
or Williamsburg to New York city, passed in 18dB.
We agree as to the facts ami propriety of the change
desired.
CHARLES KNAPP,
liepre*entative of the nineteenth district New fork
in which Delhi is located.
. C. H. VAK WYCK,
Jiepreientative of the eleventh district Hew York
• in which Port Jervis is located.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading*
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BURLINGTON AND MISSOURI RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
I a bill (S. No. 774) to authorize the Burling-
| ton and Missouri liiver Railroad Company, or
its assigns, to change the established line of
snid road in the State of Nebraska; which was
taken up and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask that this bill be now
put upon its passage.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Burlington and Missouri River Railroad Com-
pany, or its assigns, in the State of Nebraska,
may so far change the location of that portion
of its line that lies west of the city of Lincoln,
in said State, as shown by the map thereof now
on tile iti the General Land Office of the Uni-
ted States, so as to secure a better and more
practicable route, aud to connect with the
Union PaciGc Railroad at or near the Fort
Kearny reservation, said new line to be located
within the limits of the land grant made by the
United States to aid in its construction ; pro-
vided, however, that said line shall not be
located further south than the southern bound-
ary line of township No. 7, in said State ; and
said change shall not impair the rights to nor
change the location of the said land grant, and
the said company, or its assigns, shall receive
no different as other or greater quantity of land
than if this act had not passed and no change
had been made in the located line of said rail-
road.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
' The latter motion was agreed to.
ENTRIES Of AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE SCRIP.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 167) amendatory of an act to pro-
tect the rights of actual settlers upon the pub-
lic lands of the United States, approved July
'27, 1S68, aud for other purposes; which was
, read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLM AN. I hope this bill will be
! considered now.
Mr. MAYNARD. T hope not. I trust it
will be referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It proposes a change
in our land system and involves questions of
great importance.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be reported
in full.
The bill wag read. It proposes to amend the
act entitled "An act to protect the rights of
actual settlers upon the public lands of the
United States," approved July 27, 1868, by
adding thereto the following proviso :
• Provided, That all such agricultural colfego scrip
shall be received from actual settlers in payment of
preemption oloitas ia tbo same manner add to the
same extent as is now authorized by law in case of
military bounty-land warrants: An d provided fur-
ther, That all locations of such scrip made within
thirty d ys after the dote of approval of said act of
Jnly 27,18(38, if otherwise in conformity with law. i
are nereby legalized and made valid.
Mr. FITCH. I think this bill had better bf !
' referred to a committee. I
Mr. ALLISON. So do I. I
Mr. INGERSOLL. This is the second bill '
i I have noticed that proposes to increase the
| value of this agricultural college scrip, the '
ji greater part of which has been sold by the
i States and is now in the hands of speculators.
| The SPEAKER. " If there be no objection,
the bill will be referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
j There was no objection.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the
vote bv which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIANS ON UMATILLA RESERVATION.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 116) instructing
the President to negotiate with the Indians upon
the Umatilla reservation in Oregon ; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I ask that this
joint resolution may be laid aside.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the joint resolution will be laid aside, without
losing its place and relative rank on the Speak-
er's table.
There was no objection.
abbott q. ross.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 138) for the relief of Abbott Q.
Ross; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. HAYS. I desire that this bill may be
put on its passage.
The bill was read. It provides for paying
to Abbott Q. Ross, of Cleves, Ohio, $5,000, as
compensation for the past and future use in the
United States Navy of his invention for using
hot water and steam as a weapon in naval war-
fare, for extinguishing fires, aad other pur-
poses.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I think this bill
ought to be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Naval Affairs.
Mr. HAYS. I hope the bill will be put on
its passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hays] that the
Committee on Naval Affairs will be the next
committee called for private bills.
Mr. ARCHER. The Committee on Naval
Affairs has considered this bill and unani-
mously recommends its passage.
Mr. HAYS. A bill precisely similar ba*
been considered by the committee; and I am
authorized to request that this bill be substi-
tuted for the House bill, on which the com-
mittee are prepared to report favorably.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. If the consider^
ation of the bill at the present time be insisted
on I shall raise the point of order that the bill
must go to the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be com-
pelled to sustain that point.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committee on Naval
Affairs have authorized the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Hays] to report a House bill
similar to this ; and hence I suppose he felt
warranted in asking that this Senate bill be put
on its passage. But if the point of ordeir be
raised the bill will go to the Committee of the
Whole ; and the gentleman had better consent
to the reference to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. HAYS. Very well; I move that the
bill be so referred.
The motion was agreed to.
CORCORAN GALLERY. OF ART.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 492) to incorporate the trustees
of the Corcoran Gallery of Art, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, and, on motion of Mr. Wiixse, referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
APPEALS TO THE SUPREME COURT.
The next business ©u the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 689) granting appeals from aed
authorizing the issue of writs of errpr to the
supreme court of the District of Columbia iu
certain cases therein mentioaed; which was
read a first, and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that ,thifl bill be
referred, to the Committee for the District of
Columbia; and on this motion I wish to sfty a
few words.; From the title of the bill no one
would understand its import. It is really a bill
framed in the interest of the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company. It proposes that
the company—not by name, but under a genr
eral description as a corporation—shall have
the right to appeal or prosecute a writ of error
to the Supreme Court of the United States in
criminal cases, a thing which has. never been
