222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
Ho. oe Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Burdett.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
reduction of the tariff as will fail to give to the
manufacturers of this country such protection
as will encourage home industry."
Ah, sir, we are here for the purpose of ask-
ing that this Congress will not adjust the tariffs
in such a way as to increase the burdens upon
the farmer and laborer. We ask that the
farmer when he sells his wheat shall not be
compelled to sell it in competition with the
pauper labor of England, Prance, and the
Mediterranean, whence the England foreign
supply is drawn. I protest in the name of the
hard-working farmer against continuing to
compel him to carry on this competition and
derive no adequate compensation for his labor.
Under the present system there is nothing to
counterbalance the burdens which are imposed
on him. I ask that upon articles of prime
necessity the tariff shall be so adjusted that
the burden shall be equalized between the
farmers and laboring men of the country on
the one hand, and on the other the men
who make large profits—the iron and salt
manufacturers—who live in splendid mansions,
and are surrounded by wealth, comfort, and
elegance.
If the tariff upon the pig iron be reduced to
$3 per ton or 15 per cent., not a single ton less
of pig iron will be manufactured. If the tariff
upon lumber bo reduced, or lumber should
be placed oil the free list, not a single board
less will be made. If the tariff upon salt be
reduced to a nominal rate or to nothing, not a
single bag of salt less will be manufactured.
If these reductions be made our manufactures
will all go on as prosperously as now. Our
industries will be varied. The farmer, the
artisan, the mechanic are the men who suffer
from our present tariff, and who will be relieved
by a reduction of duties. These are the men
who are compelled to pay large prices for their
cloth, their food, their lumber, and upon every-
thing they consume. They gain for themselves
and their families a bare subsistence, while the
capitalists make the profit.
If the tariff be properly adjusted capital will
still earn a sufficient return from its invest-
ments, for capital is always aggressive. Shall
the producers and laborers ol the country be
relieved ? They have made their appeal, not
by personal appeals here, not by pressure upon
the Committee of Ways and Means, but a pa-
tient, enduring suffering that is more eloquent
in silence and in its waiting, in its calm dignity,
than aught that can be urged by the rich man-
ufacturers who come here to overawe Congress
by their pertinacity and impudence, although
with it they may cry "American system and
protection to home industry."
In the name of the farmers and artisans of
the West, who suffer from this protection of
special class interests, I protest against the
further continuancc of their burdens, which
tend to bring them into competition with the
pauper laborers of Europe. Let them have
the means of rising in the world, of educating
their children, and of earning such a surplus
as will enable them to place around them at
least the ordinary comforts of life.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. S. S. BURDETT,
OF MISSOURI,
In the Hocse of Repkesextatives,
March 26, 1870.
Tho House having met as in Committee of tho
Whole on tho state of the Union for debute on the
bill (IT. II. No. 1068) to amend existing laws relating
to the duty on imports, and for other purposes-
Mr. BURDETT said:
Mr. Speaker: i shall ask the attention of the
committee to some general views bearing on
the pending question, as well as to such of the
interests of the State I have the honor in part
to represent as are materially affected by its
recommendations.
introductory.
It is the province of the book-writer, the
theorist, to marshal the forces of questioning
and deduction from facts as they were, to deal
in prophecy or assertion of results and happen-
ings that may come to pass, in that future
whose facts and results are alike to be guessed
at, and which, in fact, may never have other
existence than in the embryo of disordered
thought. It is the duty of the practical states-
man, the useful legislator, to deal with facts as
they are; to shape the present in accord with
present facts ; to take care that no impediment
be thrust across the track of wise progress;
and more than all, to compel untoward cir-
cumstance to minister to the general good.
It is incident to free government that evil men
should have free course to reach their designs,
however evil they may be, by manipulation of
results growing out of public misfortune; by
skillful array and exaggeration of burdens
borne ; to the end that passion, prejudice, and
cupidity may usurp the place of reason and
patriotism.
Mr. Speaker, I see in the vagaries of those
theorists who style themselves free-traders,
some of whom openly advocate the abolition
of all custom-houses, and others of whom pro-
pose to only keep them open that tribute may
be levied upon the food articles of the people,
and both ot' whom, if not by declaration, yet
by the inevitable logic of their premise, pro-
pose to provoke the forbearance of the people
by stationing on the very door-steps of the
people's homes the Federal tax-gatherer, a
natural alliance with that other class who do
not scruple to advise a repudiation of our
national debt.
The business proposition meeting us on the
threshold of this business measure is, that we
are called upon to raise yearly the sum of
§150,000,000 from duties on imports. We may
hear the demand and give it answer in one of
three ways: accede to the demands of the cus-
tom-house abolishers and flatly tell the Secre-
tary of the Treasury that he cannot have the
cash, or, consenting as we shall to raise the
money, proceed to do it by duties levied mainly
oil the food articles and home comforts of the
people, asking no other question than merely
what rate is necessary to be fixed on to insure
the realization of the exact millions required.
Answering the suggestion that some one might
make, that such a course would in fact compel
the laboring man to pay for the protection the
Governmentgiveshis person aslargean amount
as was exacted from the wealthier classes for
the protection they received to both property
and person, by the easy declaration that such
a policy would be simple in detail and easy of
comprehension by custom-house employes; or,
Mr. Speaker, we may seek to so adjust the
details of the measure resorted to as to compel
the sore necessity of our great indebtedness, to
contribute to the general prosperity of the peo-
ple at large, by giving heart to those who pur-
pose investments in manufacturing industry,
remunerative wages to the willing workman,
and a market for their produce to the tillers of
our soil.
The latter I understand to be the theory upon
which the pending bill has been constructed.
To the extent that it accomplishes or promises
to accomplish these ends, it meets my most
hearty approval. It would meet my approval
no matter where within the borders of this great
land my dwelling-place might be; but standing
here, sir, as one of the Representatives of the
great West, nay, no more the West but of the
center, the great heart of the continent, and
particularly, sir, as a Representative of the
State of Missouri, whose capabilities, whose
sure future of greatness in mining, mechanical,
manufacturing, and agricultural developments,
no speaker or publicist has ever yet been able
either to comprehend or describe, I mark
with peculiar satisfaction the fact that it is pro-
posed to extend, in aid of ourinfant enterprise,
those facilities of protection and profit which
those who disagree with me complain have
enriched other and less-favored sections of our
country.
To put it plainly, sir, if it be true, as is con-
fidently and persistently stated, that the " odi-
ous tariff measures-' haveenormously enriched
"frigid New England" and "self-seeking
Pennsylvania," while we of the West, for lack
of capital, transportation facilities, and con-
sumed with our admiration of the ways of
thinkingof our former southern customers, the
staple of whose politics was denunciations of
the East, and whose plantation needs furnished
our only market for the disposal of our corn,
pork, mules, and hemp, were not alive to the
fact that for every purpose of diversified in-
dustry nature had endowed us with gifts as
much richer and rarer than theirs as our fields
are more generous of fertility and our climate
more inviting. Now that these discourage-
ments no longer exist, I propose that for a
few years at least the West shall build herself
upon the foundations of a protective policy,
endeavoring to forget the odium that others
who may not be inclined to pursue the same
course may heap upon us in the contemplation
of our prosperity and our profits.
SPINDLES FOR THE SODIH.
In that most remarkable of modern Ameri-
can documents, the report of Mr. Special Com-
missioner Wells, for the year 1869, a document
which, however uncertain in its main attempt-
ings, has forever exploded the ancient com-
monplace "that figures will not lie," there is
no more treacherous, unwarranted, and ruinous
suggestion made than that which is found in
the following quoted language:
" Furthermore, the large amount of capital thus
becoming annually available at the South will un-
doubtedly seek in great part investment in domestic
and local enterprises, and speedily lead to the estab-
lishment of manufactures oh an extensive scalc. The
true diversity of employment which results from
freedom has now, therefore, become to the SoutU lur
the first time, possible: and southern capital can soon
be advantageously applied to tho manufacture of
agricultural tools and implements, leather, wagons,
wooden-ware, soap, starch, clothing, and similar
articles. These aro manufactures in which iron,
steel, and cloth are raw materials. They employ the
largest amount of laborin proportion to productand
capital, and warranttlic payment of high wages. On
the other hand, what are commonly called manufac-
tures, namely, iron and steel, and cotton and woolen
cloth, are examples oi concentration. They requiro
largo capital, employ but few hands, and would
naturally come much later. AVe already have in the
United States an excess of cotton and woolen spin-
dles, and to invest capital in more would be simply
a waste, when there are vast needs at tho South
requiring far less capital, and warranting much
greater compensation for labor than can be paid in
textile fabrics."
This recommendation of the Commissioner
exhibits an obliviousness on his part of facts
and surroundings of which it seems impossible
that any American citizen save only the Com-
missioner should bo ignorant. That suggestion
is to my mind the most insidious, both in its
conception and in its apparent aim, that could
possibly have been framed, were it conceded
that some purpose of evil toward the South had
found lodgment in the breast of the Commis-
sioner. I do not sympathize with those who
attribute corrupt motives to the Commissioner.
I rather choose to view him as suffering under
that usual load of human frailty which causes
all men sometimes to err. Yet if I were in-
clined to join the hue and cry against him I
would plant myself on this single recommend-
ation and declare him an enemy to the best
interests of all of his countrymen who dwell
without the pale of the eastern Atlantic States,
and in league with the Manchester and Lowell
spinners for their ruin. It might have occurred
to the Commissioner that this portion of his
