2180
THB-CONGEESSIONAL
March -23,
at ha.lf past four o'oloek until half past seven
o'clock, the evening session to be for discus-
sion on the tariff, bill.-. .
There Was no objection, and it was so ordered.
, , POLXGAMr IN UTAH.
TJlie House-then resumed the consideration
of tlic bill (EC. R. No. 1089) ia aid of the ex-
eeution.of the laws in the Territory of Utah,
arid for other purposes.
• Tho SPEAKER. The next question is on
tha amendments reported hy the Committee on
the Territories,.which the CJlerk will now read.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move to strike
out the thirty-secopd section of the bill? If
it is in order I desire tQ make that motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The Clerk read the first amendment, as fol-
lows ;
Pago 8, scetion fourteen, line tUree, strike out the
word " concubinage; so that the section will read:
8 iU:. 14 And be it further" enacted, That the statutes
of, limitation shall not bar a. prosecution for any of
tho crimes specified, in this act, nor for the crime ot
bigamy or udiiltery hereafter committed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next and last amendment proposed by
the Committee on tho Territories was read, as
follows:
X'ugo 23, section thirty-one, in lino eight, after the
word "dollars,"insert the words "to bo hereafter
i\yi>roi)riatc(!;" so that the section will read:
31. Atidbe it farther enacted, That the Seerr:-
t„iy of the Treasury is hereby authorized and ili-
ncicti to afford such temporary relief to destituto
ik,in said Territory as caouot burclioveduudor
i 11 o l.ist section, and who aro not convicted of crime
ami mo reduced to destitution by tho enforcement
ot ihu laws asainst polygamy, as in his judgment
bo ncccssary and proper, to an amount iuh <■-
cecilins SlUO.lWO, to bo hereafter appropriated; and
ho may prescribe and enforce such rules and regula-
tion* to obtam correct knowledge on thedubjeetand
to euiry out the purposes hereof as he may ileum
proper and necessary.
Mr. CULIiOM. That is merely n formal
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho question recurred on the following
amendment offered yesterday by Mr. Fitch:
Add to tho bill tho following section:
Seo. 35. And be it further enacted* That tho provis-
ions of this aot fUali, flo lav us the same aro applica-
ble, be extended to all the States and Territories of
tho Union wherein tho crimes of bigamy, polygamy,
or concubinage have been or may be practiced.
Mr. CULIjOM. H is already in operation
in Jill the States and Turniories.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 5-1, noes 00.
Mr. FlTCH. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLEVKLAND. Tne gentleman has,
1 think, made an error in nis amendment, Vv'e
undeistandj in tins neighborhood, that it fails
to include the District ot' Columbia, where
Congress aits.
Mr. JFITOII. The omission was purposely
made for the sake of some of my friends.
[Laughter.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken 5 and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 43, nays 115, not voting
02; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Aincll,
AxtelJ, Ayer, Jiarnum, Dock, JJoios, James Brooks,
Jiurr, Cox, Crcbs, l)ickinson, Kldridgo, Pitch,
Ucl , Gibson, (Mswold, ilulduiuun, ilaiuill, Har-
ris, Hays. Johnson, Marshall, McUormiok, MeKeu-
zie, McKcely, Niblack, Keevcs, Ilice, Ilidgway,
Rogers, Sargent. Shcrrod, William J. Smith, Ste-
venson, Strador, Bwann, Tillman, Wells, Wood, and
Y/oodward—43.
KAYS—Messrs, Allison, Ambler, Aspcr, Atwood,
Beaman, Ueatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Bird, George
M.Brooks, Buckley, Bufainton.Burehard, Benjamin.
Butler, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Cleve-
land, Coburn, Cook, Conger,Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
l>ickey, Dockery, Donley, Dox, Duval, Dyer, Ela,
jFarnsworth, Porriss, Perry, tfinkclnburg, Garfield.
Gillillan, Haight, Hale, Hambleton,Hawkins, Ilaw-
ley,Hay,HUl,IIolman, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian, Kel-
ley, Ivcllogg', Ivelsoy, Kerr, JKctcham, Knapp, Laflin,
Logan, Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew, Mercur. Blia-
kim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
Daniel J. Morroll, Mungen, Myers. Ncglcy, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard,Paine,Palmer, Pcrce, Peters,Phelps,
Piatt. Poland, Pomeroy, liandall, Reading, San-
ford, Sawyer, Schcnck,Scnumaker,fc>cofield, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. .Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather. Stevens,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strong, Taffe. Tanner, Town-
send, Trimble, Twichell, Tyner.Upsom Van Horn,
Yan Wyek, Voorhees. Ward, Cadwalader C, Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker. Wheeler,
Williams, EufeeneM. Wilson, John X. Wilson, and
NOT VOTIN(J~MessrS. Armstrong, Bailey, Banks,
Behton, Biggs, Bingham, -Blair, Booker, Bowen,
Boyd, Buck, Bur&ett, Roderick B.. Butler, Cake,
AmasaCobb, Clinton Ii.Cobb. Cowles, Davis, Dixon*
Fisher, l?ox, Hamilton, Hcaton, Hofhn, Hoar,
lloge, Hooper, Hotdhkiss.'Jenckes. Alexander H.
Jones, Thomas ,L. Jones, ICnott, Lash* Lawrence,
Lougnrldge, Lynch, Mayham* MeCrary, McKee,
Milnes, Morgan, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey, Packer, Porter, Potter, PrQsser, Roots. Por-
ter, Sheldon,Sioeum, Josephs. Smith,Stiles, Stone,
Strickland, Sweeney, Van Auken* Van Trump,
Wilkinson, Tvillard, Winchester, and Witcher—62.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next question will be
upon the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Wblker,] to strike out sections eleven,
fourteen, thirty, thirty-one, and thirty-two of
this bill.
Mr. COX. I ask a separate vote on strikiug
out section thirty-two. .
Mr. CULLOM. I have no objection to strik-
ing out the eleventh aection; but I do object to
striking out the other sections named.
The SPEAKER. The question will be taken
on each section separately, and the first ques-
tion will be on striking out section eleven of
the bill.
The section was read, as follows :
SEC. 11. And be it, further enacted. That in all prose-
cutions for bigamy, concubinago, or adultery tho
lawful wife of tho accused shall be a competent
witness to prove both the first and subsequent mar-
riage or marriages of lior husband, but for no other
purpose.
The motion to strike out the section was
agreed to.
The next question was upon striking out sec-
tion fourteen, which had been amended to read
as follows:
• Sec. 1-t. And he it farther cnuctcd, That the statutes
of limitations shall not bar a prosecution lor any of
tho crimes specified in this act, nor for tho crime of
bigamy or adultery hereafter committed.
The motion to strike out was agreed to, upon
a division—ayes 101, noes 22.
The next question was upon striking out the
thirtieth section.
Mr. WELKER. I can explain this section
if the House will give mc permission tQ do so,
so that there will be no necessity for reading
if. It proposes to confiscate the property of
all persons who mnv bo convicted for crime
under this act. and to divide it among  
Mr. WARD. T object to debate unless the
other side can bcheard. TIih section does not
confiscate anything.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. JUDL>. Let the section be read.
The section was read, us follows:
Sue. CO. And beit further enacted, That upon com-
plaint made in writing, upon the oath of some per-
son of full ago, to a district or probate court of the
paid Territory, or to a judge of either of a aid court?,
that any person has been convicted before a court of
said Territory, having jurisdiction thereof, of the
crime of bigamy, polygamy, or of any adulterous or
incestuous marriage, connection, or relationship,
forbidden by this act or any other law of the TJnite<i
States, and that such c'onvictcd person has a wife
or children, whether such children bo legitimate or
not, or woman or women, or concubine or concu-
bin est with whom he has lived or cohabited, or claims
as wife or wives, dependent in whole or 111 part upon
said person so convicted for maintenance or support,
and that such convicted person has property, real or
personal, or both, giving the value thcreot as near
as tho affiant can estimate and whore the same is sit-
uated, Said court or judgo upon the reception of
said complaint shall, by order, refer tho matter con-
tained in said complaint to some competent officer
of either of said courts, or some competent attorney
of said courts, duly licensed to practice therein, to
tako proof of the matter set forth in tho said com-
plaint, and report to the judge or court making the
order the facts found by said referee. The said referee
before entering upon the duties thus assigned him
shall make, subsciibe, and swear to an oath, in
writing, that he will in all things faithfully dischargo
his duty nnd make true report os said referee, which
oath shall bo appended to his report to the court or
judge. Thatsaidrofercoshallcausenotice in writing,
of not less than ten or more than twenty days, to be
served upon the person or persons having possession
of the property, real or personal, of the person so
. convicted (if any person orpersons has such custody
or-possession) prior to the day of the reference, fixing
the time and place of such reference and stating tho
object thereof. That instead of referring the matter
as herein directed the court of judge may hear tho
matter and givetbe notice aforesaid. That before
the court or judge or referee, as the notice shall
direct, the party complaining may appear in person
or by Attorney and give proof to establish the fact
set forth in the complaint, and the person convicted
may appear by attorney or said referee, or the person
in possession of the property aforesaid upon whom
said notice is served'can also appear ih person or by
attorney and contest and give evidence tending to
disprove the facts sotforth in the complaint, and the
wives, concubines, orpersons with whom the person
convicted cohabited as aforesaid shall bo competent
witnesses to establish the matter set forth in th c com-
plaint, arid it shall not be necessary to prove any
marriage of the person convicted, by registration,
certificate, or other recorded evidence, and marriage
can be proved in the sa-iue manner as is permitted
by the thirteenth soetion of this act in prosecutions
for bigamy. That if upon such hearing by the court
or judge, or upon the report of a referee, the court
or judge shall find a.nd adjudge that the facts stated
in the said eomplaint are, trde, the court or judge
shall have power, and id directed from time to tuno,
to order the sale of so much of the personal prop-
erty aforesaid as shall be needed fdr tho support and
maintenance of the Wife, concubines, and children
aforesaid, until such time when such persons can
procure labor or means to support themselves, and
when the personal property is. etftaust&d; .eh in
rl.afc.nU thereof, the said court or judge shall in like
upon due notices in cage Of personal estate, tefidays,
and of roal estate, thirty day?. That the chief jus--
tico of the said Territory shall make and publish
crenoral rules providing fof the sale of proper ty, and
the notice of such sale not inconsistent with this act,
as may bo just and necessary, to secure a fair sale ot
the said property, and to prevent fraud and oppres-
sion. That when the court or judge shall order a
sale as hereinbefore provided, he shall also, by order,
appoint some competent and trusty person receiver
of tho property and cffects of tho person convicted,
or so much thereof as he may deem necessary.
That said receiver upon giving such security for
tho faithful discharge of his trust as the said chief
justice shall by general rules also prescribe m
such cases; shall take possession of the property
embraced in said order, and sell the same as here-
inbefore directed, or make such disposition of tho
same as the court or judgo before whom the pro-
ceedings were instituted, and not inconsistent
with this act, shall direct. That whenever it shall
appear to cither of said courts, or a judge thereof,
upon complaint on oath by a person of full age
as aforesaid, that any person has fled from the Ter-
ritory, or disappeared from his placc of residence,
and cannot be found after due search and diligence,
and such person has left a wife, or concubine, or per-
son with whom he cohabited or claimed as wife, or
child or children, cither legitimate or illegitimate,
dependent upon him for maintenance and support,
and that he left, or has roal or personal property, or
both, tho same proceedings shall be had in all rc-
spects to sell and dispose of the property of such
person, to tako proof of the facts, and in all other
matters eonnectcd therewith as in the case of a per-
son convicted as aforesaid. If at the timo any com-
plaint is filed, as provided in this section, or any
timo thereafter, it shall appear to the court or judge
that there is danger of the real or personal prop-
erty sought to bo reached bv proceedings under thte
section will be lost, removed, secreted, sold, assigned,
orotherv/isc disposed of, the said court or judgeshall
issuo an attachment directed to the marshal or an as-
sistant marshal of said Territory, dircetina: him to
seize and tako into his custody the property aforesaid,
or such portiun thereof as the court or judge shall di-
rect, and to hold tho same until such proceedings aro
discontinued or tho property is transferred by the
order of thecourt or judge to the receiver appointed as
aforesaid. After such attachmentis levied,or after no-
tice as prescribed by this section of the hearing by the
referee or court of the matter stated in the complaint
is given, no sale or other disposition of the property
attachedorproccededagainstshall be valid or effect-
ual except in pursuance of said proceedings, and ail
sales made in pursuance of this section shall confer
title of the property sold in the purchaser theieof.
If at the time or at any time after the facts in tho
complaint stated in this section arc judicially estab-
lished as herein provided it shall appear to the court
or judge that a sale for a fair price of the property,
real or personal, as contemplated herein, cannot be
had, or it shall be, in the judgment of the court or
judge, best for the interests of all parties interested
to assign, for such temporary use as may be needed,
to the persons sought to bo relieved by this act,
the whole or any part of the real or personal prop-
erty aforesaid, to be distributed among the bene-
ficiaries as shall be required by their several neces-
sities, tho court or judge shall make aa order to
that effect, assigning specifically the property to the
use of the person to bo benefited thereby, and desig-
nating the length of time that the property snail
be so used, which shall in no case exceed two years;
and the receiver appointed in the case shall sce^to
it that said property is properly used, and not in-
jured, wasted, or destroyed more than the natural
wear thereof. And any disposition by the party own-
ing said property to interfere with the uso aforesaid
shall be void. The chief justice of said JLerritory
shall make and publish such rules and regulations
prescribing the fees for executing the provisions 01
