4068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
got. In other words, we tax the consciences
of the men holding these bonds, and not the
income of the bonds themselves. Ar,d I am
sorry to say that conscience has not been a
very prolific source of profitable taxation to
the Government. Every honest man now pays
the tax on the income of thesebonds; on these
United States, State, county, and city bonds.
And what I propose now is not to add to that
burden one feather, or to increase the income
tax one penny, but simply to make the rogues
pay what they now escape from, and which
honest men do pay, by taking the tax from the
income before it is paid.
The Committee of Ways and Means in this
section propose to tax the dividends of savings-
banks by having the tax deducted from the
income of little 'savings of the servant girl,
yet they exempt the whole $2,100,000,000 of
United States bonds and $1,500,000,000 of
State, county, city, town, and municipal bonds
from like taxation. And we are to go to the
people with this proposition ! Not, I, for one.
Sooner let my right hand forget its cunning,
and my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth.
Itis unequal,and therefore unjust; itisoppress-
ing the poor and exempting the rich, and
therefore impolitic ; it is striking at the weaker
and passing by the stronger, and therefore
cowardly.
I did not vote for the proposition to make
the tax ten per cent. I thought that was ex-
cessive, being in addition to the other income
tax. AH 1 ask is that there shall be the same
tax on the income of these national and State
bonds as upon other incomes and property,
and levied in the same way; so that it shall be
actually paid, in order that oaths shall not take
the place of payment of taxation. I am not
asking now any other, or greater, or different
tax on these bonds than is placed upon them
by the law to day. There is not and should
not be a single exception or difference between
these and other bonds. We are told that we
must not tax the income of these bonds which
have gone into the hands of foreigners. But
1 say that no man, not even the broker who
sold the bonds, undertook to pledge the faith
of the country that we should not tax these
bonds. If it can be shown that we agreed not
to tax the bonds anywhere that they might be
found, I will say no more.
Mr. BENTON. Did we not agree to pay a
certain amount of interest?
_Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, we
did. And we propose to do as we said; and
we propose to collect our taxes on the income
which that interest gives us, so that the rascals
who hold our obligations will not cheat us out
of their just share of the burdens of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. BENTON. Does the gentleman mean
to say that they are all rascals who hold the
bonds?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes;
those that swear that they do not hold them, in
order to get rid of taxation upon the income.
Gentlemen say that we must not tax the for-
eigner. Why not? Why, this very bill taxes
every foreigner on the railroad bonds of this
country which he holds ; and to-day your rail-
i oad bonds are going abroad charged with seven
per cent, interest, to enable competition in the
market with United States bonds which are
now free of taxation. Your very means of
developing the resources of the country are
crippled to enable the bonds to escape taxation
on rheir income.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the gentleman, does
not, (lie railroad bondholder abroad get his full
interest without the tax being deducted?
*,'I\ BUTLER., of Massachusetts. No, sir.
The five per cent, tax is deducted, because
railroad bonds by the existing law, as well as
by this biil, are taxed, and the tax retained by
the company.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
say that the present law is not that the tax
shall be deducted, and that the tax has not
been deducted from the interest on railroad
bonds by the corporations ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I say that what has been so
withheld has been paid back again, on account
of having been improperly deducted, and that
that is being done to this day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And I
say that the law is now that the tax shall be
withheld by the corporation, and there is no
law to require the tax to be paid back. And
in further answer I say, if the chairman is
correct, why have the Committee of Ways and
Means reported this provision in this section
reported three or four days ago, to perpetuate
this very withholding of the tax from foreigners
holding these bonds? X do not know any rea-
son why this tax should be paid back ; there
is no lav/ for it. Let me say to you that Great
Britain taxes her national debt in this same
way, whether held by foreigners or not, and
always has done so in regard to that held by
aliens.
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman state
who are the men who own bonds and swear
that they have none?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, go
count the stars in the sky or the sanda on the
sea-shore, and you can get at the ''who."
[Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, obtained the floor
and said: I yield my time to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
The SPEAKER. 'The Chair cannot recog-
nize that arrangement, under the rule.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman can oppose
the amendment, but nothing else.
Mr. ELDllIDGE. It is a mere evasion of
the rule.
The SPEAKER. The right under the rule
is to speak five minutes for and against amend-
ments. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Buti,er] cannot continue his speech,
under the circumstances.
Mr. KOTCHKISS. Allusion has been made
here to gentlemen on the Republican side of
the House who have heretofore voted to tax
the bonds issued by the Government. I for
one plead guilty to it. When some of these
bonds were issued which are now out I did
vote to tax them. But experience has taught
me that we have to recognize the distinction
that has been referred to by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, and it is well to understand the
reason why that distinction exists, that we tax
everything exeeptthe income of the bonds held
by foreigners. We tax our own citizens on the
income they receive from these bonds. That
is the policy of this Government; that is the
policy of every Government. This policy under-
lies the very existence of the Government.
And the circumstances are very different to-
day from what they were when these bonds were
issued. If we had given notice to the world
then that the bonds were to be taxed, pur-
chasers would have purchased them accord-
ingly-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We did
give notice, by putting an income tax on them.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The difference is still
greater to-day. We impose a tax upon the
purchasers of the bonds that we issue in the
face of an impending funding bill, and we strike
a blow at the credit of this nation, a blow that
will undermine this nation ; for when you de-
stroy the credit of a nation you destroy its
existence, and I do not propose that this
republican Government shall commit suicide
to-day because there are examples in England
or in any other country. We must maintain
a good character at home and abroad. The
moment we are stamped as a nation ofrepudi-
ators, the moment that we show that we are
open to temptation, that moment our charac-
ter is gone; because, although we may not sin,
we exhibit signs of weakness to the world which
are disgraceful and discreditable.
It is no argument to say that our own citi-
zens commit perjury, and therefore we must
tax the foreign bondholders. Taxing the for-
eign bondholders is taxing ourselves, and just
so far as we impose a tax we increase the
interest we have got to pay in order to sell our
bonds. I am aware that this tax ought not to
be imposed where itis now imposed. I argued
againstit yesterdayand voted against it to-day.
Did the gentleman from Massachusetts vote
with me? I heard no eloquent appeals then
to strike off this income tax from the little
pittance which the widow and the orphan get
from their investments in bonds and other
securities above $2,000. I have given my views
on that subject. But when you come to a ques-
tion of tarnishing the fair name of America
my vote will be found against this movement.
You might as well to-day advertise the world,
''After the funding bill is passed do not touch
one of these bonds ; you do not know what tax
will be imposed on them next year, or what tax
the year after."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to let me have
my amendment back again, so that I may
renew it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly;
I will withdraw it.
Mr. SCHENCK. And I renew it. This
debate 'has gone off in just the direction that
I supposed it wopld go. Whenever a question
of this kind has been up, insread of reasoning
as to its effect upon the credit of the country,
as to the effect upon that which the country
may be called upon to do, in order to meet
its wants, and to protect itself by raising the
necessary means upon its credit—instead of
doing that, an assault is made upon and an
attempt made to create prejudice against those
who happen to hold the securities of the Govern-
ment, or, as the fashionable phrase has been,
"the bloated bondholders." The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] improves
upon that phrase by calling them all rascals,
by saying that every man who happens, in the
investments which he makes in property at
home or abroad, to take one of the bonds of
the United States is a rascal, the proof of
which is his being found in possession of any
property of that kind. And I do not know
but what the next step will be to claim that he
is conniving with the United States, itself a
great fraudulent corporation, in thus putting
afloat these things with which to deceive and
impose upon the honest people of the country.
Now, sir, all that is—the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] and other gen-
tlemen will pardon me for saying so—all that
is claptrap, which has nothing to do with the
great underlying question, will such legislation
as this now proposed affect the credit of the
Government and its capacity to maintain itself
by coing into the markets of the world and
finding purchasers for its securities ? That is
the question for us to consider. The bond-
nolders are of the least possible importance in
this connection, whosoever they may be.
, I said a moment ago that the same principle
was applied to land. We exempt land from
taxation by the United States. Why? Because
we recognize the great principle of preserving
intact and exempt, from tax that which under-
lies all the industry and productive labor of
the country, and the bondholder is of no more
consideration, as connected with this question
of the public credit to be maintained, than the
fat oxen that graze upon the rich lands ara to
be considered in relation to any question about
taxing or not taxing those lands.
The question is not who holds the bonds;
the question is not. concerning the character of
the men who hold the bonds, whether it be
good or bad. The question is one of principle,
affecting the Government itself and its good
