1236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12
of Representatives to dispense with their pres-
ence. Now, being brought here under these
circumstances, there is an additional obligation
imposed upon these contractors to provide for
these verbatim reports taken down so that each
member can have an opportunity, while at his
desk here, to make any verbal corrections if he
shall have been erroneously reported, or have
fallen into error in the heat of debate.^ Therefore
I do not sympathize with this proposition to de-
prive these agents, so to speak, of the con-
tractors of their poor pittance of $800 a year
More than that, Mr. Chairman, I have listened
with much Barprise to the propositions made
by intelligent, experienced gentlemen in this
debate to abolish the Globe entirely. - Why,
air, I know nothing of this contract; I do not
know whether we are paying too much money
or not; I do not know whether the contractors
have the best of the Government or not in this
matter. But I do know this, that all Gristing
civilized Governments preserve with great care
& correct record of the legislative history of
the times. It is due not only to ourselves, but to
future legislators, to historians, and to students
of governmental hiBtory, that our records of
the transactions of the present time especially
should be correct, and a complete exhibit of
actual occurrences.
tHere the hammer fell. 3
Ir. DAWES. I hope a vote Will now bfe
taken npon the amendment. _ ;
The question was upon striking "oat the fol-
lowing paragraph:
For the 'usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the House for the Congressional Globe,
for reporting the proceedings of the House for the
third session of the Forty-First Congress, $800 each,
$4,800.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes three, noes not counted.
So the. motion was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The following clause was read:
For the public printrwc, $500,000.
Mr. FINKELNBURQ-. I move to amend
the clause just read by striking Out'' $500,000 "
and inserting " $60,000." I offer this amend-
ment to carry out the course of iaction which
the House has already intimated in the vote
upon the itfem for folding documents. That
was done because it was believed that when the
'people petitioned ns for the abolition of the
franking privilege they intended to strike at a
tffOch greater expense incurred by our pres-
ent system of printing and distributing public
documents. I wbftld aSk the chairman of tire
Committee on Printing what proportion of the
proposed appropriation Will probably be needed
for the so-called extra copies of documents^
and what proportion for the,printing necessary
for the legitimate business of the House?
Mr. LAFLIN. It is impossible for me to
give a detailed answer to the question of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr; Fikkelnborg.]
But in reference to this item I will say that
the House will bear in mind that even though
it should fefnse to Order any more pointing;
even the usual number of copies, a large
amount of printing will be required outside of
the two Houses oT:Congress; and last year
that kind of printing am on n ted to $800,000.
Now, I do not suppose that Anybody will say
that the abolition of the franking privilege will
in any way reduce the expense'orprinting for
the-Departments; it fcertainly will not be to
'any very appreciable extent. Neither do I sup-
pose anybody will say that if we abolish the
flanking privilege and are Wot allowed any
stamps whereby we may distribute documents
among our constituents which hare heretofore
been ordered by Congress, that will of itself do
away with all the public printing.
Now, as to what maybe cal led the usual num-
ber of copies, which are designed to meet what
may be called the present wants of the country,
that is provided for by aets of Congress, which
fix the number of documents to be so printed
each year. That took last year the sum of
$129,990 96. Now I am disposed to go just
as far as any man in this House is disposed
to go in favor of reducing the expense of public
printing. Since I have been a member of this
House and of the Committee on Printing I
have endeavored to do what I could to bring
down this expense. And I have to thank the
House for the very generous manner in which
they have seconded the recommendations of t
the committee in that direction. But I beg the
Honse to bear in mind—and I say this because
this whole subject is coming up for discussion
hereafter—that it eertainly is not proper for ns
to assume that no more printing is to be done.
Let us mature a plan, as full and perfect in its
character as may be, and let that plan obtain
the sanction ofthe House: and when that sanc-
tion is obtained, although in this very bill we
may appropriate four times the amount of
money that may be required to c&Wy out that
plan, it would still be under our control, and
will not be expended unless necessary^' This
is not the time nor is this bill the occasion for
us to exhibit that economy which I trust the
House will exhibit in reducing the expense of
the public printing. I assure the House that I
shall be most happy to have its sanction in
that direction. It will be the effort of our com-
mittee to submit to the House a bill which shall
meet the most economical desires of any mem-
ber of the House; and if we be seconded to the
full extent by the House it will be found that
the country has not suffered any injury by the
making of the appropriations called for in the
present bill.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend the amendment by adding " one thou-
sand." Before submitting some statistics on
this subject I wish to add my testimony to the
well-earned reputation of the chairman of the
Committee on Printing fn the line to which he
has so faithfully addressed himself ever since
he his been at the head of that committee. I
do not know of any man to whom the country
is more indebted for an industrious, faithful,
and constant attention to the cutting down of
expenses in that department, which has grown
upon ns so enormdusly, as the chairman of the
Committee on Printing. And when the House
hears from him that it is not consistent with
the interests of the public service that the esti-
mate for this work should be reduced further
than the Committee on Appropriations have re-
duced it in this bill, from $543,904 to $500,000,
it is hardly necessary for me to make any fur-
ther remark. But I wish to Say to the gen:
tleman from Missouri, who proposes to cut
down this appropriation by the still further
reduction of $450,000, that I have before me
four items of public expenditure over which
we have no control, and which have nothing
to do, so far as I can see, with the franking
privilege; and these four items, as taken from
the figures in the Government Printing Office,
amount to the sum of $352,906 84. The first
of these is the printing of the specifications and
claims of the Patent Office, the printing of
which, until within the last year, was not done
at the Government Printing-Office, but which
was paid for out of thb receipts bf that office,
and never appeared upon the accounts of the
United States at all. The amount of this item
Is $57,960. Then by a statute of last year we
abolished the printing office in the Treasury
Department; and that measure threw upon the
Public Printer all the printing which had been
previously done in that Department. This
single item amounts to $36,200. The same
law required that all the Departments should
have their printing done at the Public Printing
Office. The Commissioner of Customs, whose
blanks reach to every custom-house in the Uni-
ted States, and under whose direction books
are prepared for the keeping of the accounts
of every custom-house, has imposed upon the
Public Printing Office an expense of $156,-
746 84. The Post Office Department has also
called upon the Public Printing Office to do
work to the amount of $102,000. These four
items amount to $352,910 84.
Now, the Navy Department—I do not know
but this fact was mentioned here the other
day—has within a few weeks ordered twenty-
six hundred and fifty blank account books of
an expensive character to bo printed and bound
at the Public'Printing Office, half of tliem to
be bound with spring backs. The estimated
cost' of these books is $20,000. The it egister
! ofthe Treasury is about ordering a large num-
! ber of books of a like character to be printed
at that office, and bound too at the public bind-
ery. If these books are necessary for the carry-
ing on of the Government, and if they caa be
! prepared at that office, they must, be paid for.
i Like the gentleman from Missouri, I am look-
| ing for an opportunity to cut down largely the
expense of public printing as the result of the
abolition of the franking privilege and the con-
sequent discontinuance to a large extent of
the printing of documents such as have hereto-
fore been sent to the people; yet I do not see
just noW how we can very well cut off the money
necessary for these items.
Mr. PAINE. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations has informed us that
the Secretary of the Treasury, the Commis-
sioner of Customs, the Postmaster General,
and the officers of other Departments, includ-
ing the Navy Department, have large amounts
of printing done at the office of the Govern-
ment Printer. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether'these several officers have this print-
ing done subject to any statutory regulations ?
I Mr. DAWES. So far as I have been able
to ascertain, the Public Printer is, if I may
use the term, at their mercy. So far as I
1 can learn, such, in his view, is his relation to
i them, and such, in their view, is their power
over him, that any department or bureau may
order to be printed at the Congressional Print-
ing Office whatever it pleases, and he is obliged
to do the work.
Mr. PAINE. Does the chairman of the
I Committee 00 Appropriations wish us to un-
derstand that the law requires the Public Printer
! to print whatever any of these officers order
him to print?
Mr. DAWES. I understand that while the
bureau officers do this they do it through the
head of the Department, and whatever is or-
dered through the heads of these Departments
j the Public Printer is required by the law to
j print. He understands such to be the require-
j ment of the law, and so they understand it.
j Mr. PAINE. Does the chairman of the
j Committee on Appropriations understand it
! to be the law that the Puhlic Printer is required
j to print whatever is ordered in this .way ?
Mr. DAWES. I so understand the law.
' Mr. PAINE. If we are to. so .authorize, the
Public Printer, directly or indirectly, to print
whatever any head of a Department or head
of a bureau may in his discretion order, then
I think we should be cautious in making this
appropriation. It seems to me that the law
ought to be more precise and definite than it
is stated to be. I should be unwilling to vote
for an appropriation which would seem to
encourage such irregularities as. have been
indicated., , •
Mr. DAWES. As has been suggested by
the chairman of the Committee on Printing,
this whole matter is n&Win review by that com-
mittee. There is a bill in the other branch
undertaking td eut doWn and regulate this mat-
ter of public printing and to bring it within
some sort of control. .
Mr. ELA. If the gentleman will withdraw
his amendment I will renew it.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. ELA. I will renew it. The gentleman
is mistaken that any new printing has been
ordered at the Government Printing Office since
the present incumbent has held the office 0
Superintendent. The law provides that all t
printing of iall the Departments and the bin
