1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4069
name, whether it will to the letter stand by the
obligations that it puts forth to the world, both
in regard to the principal and in regard to the
interest provided for and secured by those obli-
gations. And I beg gentlemen, in considering
this question, always to remember that it has
that extent, and no more.
Sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] says that the only distinction made
here is that if you take off fiye per cent, when
the coupon is presented for payment you will
take it from the foreigner as well as from the
citizen. I answer that by saying that you have
no power by international law, or by any stat-
ute law of the country, in that way to tax a
foreigner upon any property which he holds.
The gentleman says we do it in regard to rail-
road bonds. Does not the gentleman know
that under the decisions of the courts of this
country, in the case of some assessments of
that kind having been made, and the percent-
age kept back from the foreign owners of rail
road bonds, upon the proof of the fact that the
owners of those bonds were foreigners the
Treasury Department has paid back to those
foreigners the tax thus improperly assessed
upon and collected from them? I happen to
have heard within the last twenty-four hours
of a warrant for some $17,000 having been
issued from the Treasury Department for the
purpose of restoring money thus improperly
detained from a foreign holder of railroad bonds,
the money being restored to him by the author-
ity of this Government, as having been im-
properly assessed and collected.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker. I do not
know that I shall be able to enlighten the
House upon the question under consideration.
The gentlemen who oppose this amendment
concur in the opinion that its effect will be to
injure the good character of this Government.
This is what they tell us; but they give us 110
reason why such should be the fact; and for
my life I am unable to perceive how, if this
provision is enacted into law, the good faith
or fair character of this nation is to be destroyed
or injured. Why, sir, the value of all properly
depends -upon the success, the prosperity of
the nation. The value of all property, real or
personal, is determined by the character, posi-
tion, and prosperity of the nation in which that
property is located. The bonds of the nation,
in my judgment, stand in precisely this posi-
tion. Their value must depend upon the char-
acter, the prosperity, the happiness of the
nation. Every one who takes the bonds of the
nation takes them witht his understanding, just
as much as he who purchases real estate or
personal property does so with the understand-
ing that its value must depend upon the good
or the bad conduct of the nation.
Now, why should not this property, if it is
property—and I believe it is not denied that it
is property—why should not this bonded debt
of the country pay us proportion of the taxation
imposed upon the country ? This property in
bonds has the protection of the Government
and participates in the advantages of the coun-
try's prosperity and happiness. The value of
the bond depends upon the protection and the
prosperity which the taxation of the nation
gives to the country. How does it destroy the
character of the nation to impose a tax upon
this property?
Mr. SCHENCK. As this is a question which
has been so often discussed that I suppose every
one has made up his mind upon it, I propose
to withdraw my amendment to the amendment
so as to come squarely to the question, and then
move the previous question upon the amend-
ment.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I would like to know how
the gentleman from Ohio obtained the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] is on the floor, and can-
not be interrupted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought the gentleman
was through. I beg his pardon.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I start out
with this proposition: that the bonded debt
of the nation is propertyin the hands of every-
body who holds it. In the creation of this
property there is no prohibition of the power
to tax it, except so far as regards taxation
for State and municipal purposes. The right
of the Government to tax it has been con-
ceded by the gentlemen who have voted to
impose a tax upon the income received from
this indebtedness. The question is simply how
the tax shall be collected. This, I take it, is
the extent of the question presented by the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] whether men shall return their
income upon this bonded debt so that the in-
come may be subjected to taxation, or whether
the amount of the tax shall be reserved from
the interest paid over; whether, instead of pay-
ing over the full amount of interest, with the
expectation that the individual will return a
statement of the amount of interest received
by him, the Government shall retain from the
interest the amount of taxation which is deemed
fair for this species of property. The ques-
tion is merely as to how the tax shall be col-
lected. The right to levy this species of tax-
ation has already been conceded by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schejtok,] the gentle-
man from Now York, [Mr. Hotohkiss,] and
other gentlemen by their action in this House.
There can be no more impropriety in levying
the tax in the form now proposed than in im-
posing it as a tax upon income. The charac-
ter of the nation will not ba impaired by the
measure. It will not ii> any manner tarnish
the fair fame of the country to collect its
taxes honestly and apply them as they should
be applied.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 move
to amend by adding after the word "debt," in
section forty-four, line five, the words shall
be deducted from the interest or coupons of
towns, cities, counties, municipalities, States,
or of the nation, to be paid to the United States
by the person paying such interest."
Mr. SCHENCK. Is this amendment in
order?
The SPEAKER. The pending amendment
to theamendmentisa verbal amendment, which
the Chair supposed the gentleman from Ohio
TMr. Sciienck] would withdraw. This is a
substantive amendment.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I had intended to with-
draw my amendment to the amendment if I
could get the previous question ; otherwise,
not. However, I will withdraw it.
Mr. BUILER, of Massachusetts. Now,
Mr. Speaker, I will answer the inquiry which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] chal-
lenged me to answer as to the effect which an
affirmative vote upon my proposition to tax the
income on the bonds honestly would have upon
the credit of the country. Let me at first say
to you, if any.gentleman will show the faith of
this Government has-been plighted that the in-
come from these bonds should not be taxed in
any way or form, then I agree that taxing them,
or taxing the income from them, will injure our
plighted faith, and that it ought; but there is
no man upon this floor so bold as to stand up
here and say that the faith of the country was
plighted against taxing the incomes from these
bonds. So far from that, you expressly said
they should not be taxed by States or munici-
palities. On the contrary, we have taxed them.
We have always taxed them. When we began
to sell them we began to tax them. At first
the tax was only one and a half per cent.; after-
ward raised to three per cent., and afterward to
five per cent., and at each successive increase
no voice was heard prating about a breach of
the plighted faith of the nation. And why?
Because we did not tax incomes, but only taxed
consciences, and men did not tear any tax
which readied their consciences only ; and con-
cealment of incomes has gone on nntil the un-
clean thing has demoralized the whole country.
Now, sir, we are about to fund our debt.
Suppose in the body of the new bonds we say
the income from them shall never in any form
be taxed, no man will then ever stand.jjp.and
say that it shall be taxed. All the world will
rely on that. With that assertion of non-taxa-
tion for any purpose we can bring in the bonds
we have out now and fund them in our new
bonds at a lower rate of interest; but if you
expect that men will give up six per cent,
bonds, which you now propose to declare are
untaxable, for four percent, bonds, let me say
you are laboring under a great mistake. Make
an agreement that our new bonds shall not be
taxed hereafter, and, as we shall keep that
agreement, you can fund your debt.
Mr. HOTOHKISS. How far short of repu-
diation is it to pass a law compelling the pres-
ent bondholder to take a lower price for his
bonds ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Repudi-
ation, sir 1 How much does it fall short of
repudiation? We are then to be frightened
by that word from equal taxation, are we? I
can only repeat what I have already said, that
if any gentleman will show me where the faith
of the nation has been plighted against this I
will not press the vote. We shall not repudi-
ate an agreement we have never made. All
we do by this, let me repeat again, is to pro-
vide a mode for collecting tlie taxes fully and
honestly ; that these taxes be as are those upon
our own salaries; that is, deducted before we
get our money.
My friend says we must nottaxthe foreigner.
Does not every man know that every State taxes
the foreigner upon the estate which he may
hold therein? Is not every acre held by a for-
eigner in every State taxed to build roads over
which he never rides, and to keep up schools
to which he never sends his children, and
generally, too, at a little higher rate than our
own citizens pay? And why is this? Because
it is" to his advantage to have good roads and
good schools, precisely as it is to his advantage
pro tanto, to the extentof his investment here,
to have the Government pay its way and to
have revenue by which it shall go on and pay
the interest due on his securities.
Let me say, again, and it is not denied, that
there is not any country in the world which
does not tax its public funds; and yet such
taxation has never before been thought to be
repudiation, of which we are warned if we do
so. We never heard anything about repudia-
tion until we came to the question of taxing
national bondholders. It was never thought
to be repudiation to tax the corporate bonds
which are equally binding as contracts.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
says this is all clap-trap. I beg his pardon.
There are now more than thirty-five hundred
million dollars of these bonds, State, city,
county, town, and municipal, not paying any
tax; and if taxed as other property is the taxa-
tion would be over ten million dollars, if we
could get it all honestly paid, as we should do
if the tax was retained.
A Member. Five or six only.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My friend
says five or six. I say if you could get all the
tax honestly—and I know what I am talking
about—if you could get the tax of all these
bonds honestly, it would be quite $10,000,000 ;
more than one half what you propose to save
in interest by funding the debt at a lower rate
of interest.
Gentlemen tell us credit is the life of our
nation. Thank God, no! We went through
the war when we had not a doilar's^credit
abroad; when the money-lenders of Europe
would not take one dollar of our securities, ana
when the Englishmen not only did not take
our bonds, but plundered our commerce upon
the high seas. We were obliged to take out-
own bonds by a forced loan ot legal tenders,
because the coffers of all capitalists, at home
as well as abroad, were shut against the na-
tion's necessities. And the life ot the nation
