1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5013
their assigns, to build a bridge, and maintain
the same, across the Missouri river, at or near
St. Joseph, Missouri, on the terms and sub-
ject to the limitations and restrictions con-
tained in the first, second, and third sections
of the act of Congress passed July 25, 1866,
entitled ' An act to authorize the construction
of certain bridges, and to establish theta as
post roads,1 and that said corporation may
have, hold, and enjoy all the rights, privileges,
anfl franchises conferred by and contained in
said last mentioned act; and said company
may construct and maintain mays for wag-
ons, carriages, and for foot-passengers, charg-
ing and receiving reasonable tolls therefor; and
when said bridge is constructed under saidlim-
itat.ions it shall be a lawful structure, and be
recognized and known,as a post route."
Mr. FlNICELNBURGr. I desire to offer an
amendment. Will the gentleman yield to me
for that purpose before moving the previous
question ?
Mr. CONGER. I yield to the gentleman
for that puroose.
Mr. FiNKELNBUR.G. I offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the
section :
Provided, That if such.bridge shall be constructed
as a draw-bridge, the spans of the draw shall not be
less than two hundred feet in the clear on each side
of the central pivot.
Mr. CONGER. 1 move the previous quos-
tion on the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidcr be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
prevention of s5idcghng.
Mr. CONGER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 2287)
to amend section twenty-two of an act entitled
" An act further to prevent smuggling, and for
other purposes," approved July 18, 18G0.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. CONGER. Perhaps I may save the
time of the House that would bo occupied by
the reading of the bill by stating the effect of
it. It is to amend only one section of the act
to prevent smuggling, and has reference to
ship-stores purchased by vessels on the voyage
at any port in the adjacent British provinces.
The section as it stands provides that stores
purchased by a vessel at such port " for the
voyage on which she is engaged," shall be de-
clared free of duty. This bill proposes instead
of the words " for the voyage on which she is
engaged" to substitute the words, "until an
American port may be reached by such vessel,
where such sea-stores can be obtained." That
is the only change in the section. It is designed
to prevent the purchase in Canada and other
British provinces of sea-stores for long voyages,
when they might be obtained at American ports.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I should like to have
the bill read.
The bill was read. It provides for amend
ing fiection twenty-two of an act entitled " An
act further to prevent smuggling, and for other
purposes," approved July 18, 18156, so that
the same shall be as follows : that if any ves-
sel enrolled or licensed to engage in the for-
eign and coasting trade on the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers of the Uni-
ted States shall touch at any port or place in
the adjacent British provinces, and the master
or other perseos having charge of such vessel
shall purchase any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise for the nffft of said vessel, said master or
other person having charge of said vessel shall
repoft the same, with cost and quantity there-
of, to the collector or other officer of the cus-
toms at the first port in the United States at
which he shall next arrive, designating them
as "sea storesand in the oath to be taken
by such master or other person in charge of
such vessel, on making said report, he shall
declare that the articles so specified or desig-
nated "sea stores" are truly intended for the
use exclusively of said vessel, and are not
intended for sale, transfer, or private use ; and
if, upon examination and inspection by the
collector or other officer of the customs, such
articles are not, deemed excessive in quantity for
the use of said vessel until an American port
may be reached by such vessel, where such
sea stores can be obtained, such articles shall
be declared free of duty; but if it shall be
found that the quantity or quantities of such
articles or any part thereof so reported are
excessive, it shall be lawful for the collector
or other officer of the customs to estimate
the amount of duty on such excess, which
shall be forthwith paid by said master or other
person having charge of said vessel, on pain
of forfeiting a sum not less than $100 nor
more than four times the value of such excess,
or said master or oilier person having charge
of such vessel shall be liable to imprisonment
for a term of not less than three months nor
more than two years at the discretion of the
court. And if any other or greater quantity
of dutiable articles shall be found on board
such vessel than are specified in such report
or entry of said articles, or any part thereof
shall be landed without a permit from a col-
lector or other officer of the customs, such
articles, together with the vessel, her apparel,
tackle, and furniture, shall be seized and for-
feited ; provided always, that articles pur-
chased for the use of or for sale on board
any steamboat, propeller, or other vessel, as
saloon stores or supplies, shall be deemed
goods, wares, and merchandise, and shall be
liable, when purchased at a foreign port, to
entry and the payment of duties found to ba
due thereon at the first port of arrival of such
vessel in the United States; and for a failure
on the part of the saloon-keeper or person
purchasing or owning such articles to report,
make entries, and pay duties, as hereinbefore
required, such articjes, together with the fix-
tures and other goods, wares, or merchandise,
found in such saloon or on or about such ves-
sel belonging to and owned by such saloon-
keeper or other person interested in such saloon,
shall be seized and forfeited, and such saloon-
keeper or other person purchasing and owning
as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the sum of
not less than $100 nor more than $500, and in
addition thereto shall be imprisoned for a term
of not less than three months nor more than
two years.
Mr. CIIURCIIILL. I would ask the gen-
tleman whether some embarrassment might
not arise under this bill: whether it might not
compel a vessel to pass a British ]>ort where
supplies might be purchased and to an Ameri-
can port where it might be found that supplies
could not be procured?
Mr. CONGER. The section as amended
allows a vessel to purchase at a British port
such stores as may be necessary until the ves-
sel shall reach an American port where such
stores can bo obtained. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered to lie en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
O'Neill.]
NEW COLLECTION DISTIUCC IN NiSVV JGRSHV".
Mr. O'NEILL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1415)
creating a collection district in New Jersey to
be called the district of Jersey City, and con-
stituting Jersey City a port of entry.
The bill was read. It provides that the
counties of Hudson and Bergen, in the State
of New Jersey, shall be, and are hereby, con-
stituted a collection district, to be called the
district of Jersey City. The second section pro-
vides that there shall be appointed in the man-
ner prescribed by law a collector of customs for
the aforesaid district, who shall be a resident
of said district, together with such subordinate
officers of customs as are provided by law, and
the compensation of said collector shallbe such
sum as shall be designated by the Secretary of
the Treasury, notto exceed $2,500 perannum,"
together with such fees as are authorized by
existing laws.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPE COD SIIIP-CANAL.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, with a substitute, a bill
(H. R. No. 1769) to provide for the construc-
tion of a breakwater in Barnstable bay.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the original bill,
as well as the substitute, be now read.
The original bill was read. It, provides that
the sum of $500,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, is hereby appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the purpose of commencing
the construction of a breakwater in Barnstable
bay, near the town of Sandwich, in the State
of Massachusetts, to be expended under the
direction and superintendence of the'Secretary
of War.
The substitute was read, the title of which
was "a bill relative to a harbor of refuge and
breakwater at the entrance of the Cape Cod
ship-canal." The preamble recites that' the
Legislature of Massachusetts has by law incor-
porated the Cape Cod Ship-Canal Company,
tor the purpose of constructing and operating
a ship-canal from Barnstable bay to Buzzard's
bay, to be about eight miles long and twenty-
three feet depth of water, at an expense of
over seven million dollars; and that a break-
water at the eastern entrance of said canal will
be a necessity as a harbor of refuge, the con-
struction of which at the public expense, for
the protection of the immense commerce, as
ships and vessels of war, usinr; the same, would
accord with the long-established policy of the
Government; and that the State of Massachu-
setts and many persons interested in the com-
merce of ihe north Atlantic coast have urged
upon Congress the propriety and necessity of
the United States assuming the expense of
constructing such breakwater and harbor of
refuge.
The bill provides that as a recognition of the
importance and magnitude of the proposed
ship-canal, and to give assurance to capitalists
who propose to complete this great work, the
United States hereby pledges the faith of the
Government to construct a suitable break-
water and harbor of refuge at file eastern
