5014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30/
entrance of said ship-canal ready for use on its
completion ; provided that the entire expense
to the Government for such breakwater and
harbor of refuge shall not exceed the sum of
$2,000,000; and provided further that a suf-
ficient sum for surveys, engineering expenses,
and construction of said breakwater and har-
bor of refuge shall be appropriated by Con-
gress from the Treasury from time to time as the
work of said ship-canal shall progress toward
completion, so as to insure the finishing of said
canal, and upon such conditions and securities
as the Government shall require of the said
ship-canal company to reimburse the Govern-
ment for such advances for the harbor of refuge
and breakwater in case the canal company shall
in any manner fail to complete the ship-canal
as above specified; and provided further that
said ship-canal shall be forever free and with-
out toll or charges of any kind whatever to
the ships of war and vessels and property of
the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I raise the point of
order that the original bill is an appropriation
bill, and should receive its first consideration
in the Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make another
point in addition to that.
The SPEAKER. The original bill provides
a direct appropriation.
Mr. DIXON. There is no appropriation in
the substitute.
The SPEAKER. It does not follow that the
House will adopt the substitute: that is a
matter to be determined. The point of order
lies most directly against the bill. The Chair
sustains the point of order, and the bill atid
substitute must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DiXON. I now report from the Com-
mittee on Commerce a joint resolution relative
to a harbor of refuge and breakwater at the
entrance of Cape Cod canal.
The joint resolution was read. It recites in
the preamble that the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts has by law incorporated the Cape Cod
Ship-Canal Company, for the purpose of con-
structing and operating a ship-canal from Barn-
stable bay to Buzzard's bay, to be about eight
miles long and twenty-three feet depth of
water, at an expense of over seven million dol-
lars ; that a breakwater at the eastern entrance
of said canal will be a necessity as a harbor of
refuge, the construction of which at the public
expense far the protection of the immense
commerce as ships and vessels of war using the
same, would accord with the long-established
policy of the Government; and that the State
of Massachusetts, and many persons interested
in the commerce of the north Atlantic coast,
have Urged upon Congress the propriety and
necessity of the United States assuming the
expense of constructing such breakwater and
harbor of refuge. The joint resolution there-
fore enacts that, as a recognition of the import-
ance and magnitude of theproposedship-canal,
and to give assurance to capitalists who propose
to complete this great work, the United States
pledges the faith of the Government to con-
struct a suitable breakwater and harbor of
refuge at the eastern entrance of said ship-
canal, ready for use on its completion. The
entire expense to the Government tor snch
breakwater and harbor of refuge is not to ex-
ceed the sum of $2,000,000. A sufficient sum
for surveys, engineering expenses, and con-
struction of said breakwater and harbor of
refuge is to be appropriated by Congress from
the Treasury from time to time as tlie work of
said ship-canal shall progress toward comple-
tion, so as to insure the finishing of the canal,
and upon such conditions and securities as the
Government shall require of the ship canal
company to reimburse the Government for
such advances for the harbor of refuge and
breakwater in ease the canal company shall
in any manner fail to complete the ship-canal
as above specified. The ship canal is to be for-
ever free and without toll or charges of any kind
-whatever to the ships of war and vessels and
property of the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a point of order.
This proceeding is an attempted evasion of
the rule under which the point of order was
sustained a moment ago. The point of order
which 1 now raise is, that the Committee on
Commerce has no jurisdiction of this subject-
matter; that jurisdiction of it has never been
conferred upon that committee by the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to add another point
of order: that the joint resolution now read is
exactly the same as that which was reported as
a substitute for the Senate bill and which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the point of order then made. I submit that
the committee cannot report to the House a
proposition in exactly the same words as an-
other ou which the House has acted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Dixox] cau state whether
he has been authorized by the committee to
report this as an independent proposition,
apart from the substitute for the other bill.
Mr. DIXON, I was authorized to report
this joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. Independently, or as a
substitute ?
Mr. DIXON. Mr. Speaker, I do not know
that I was particularly authorized to report it
either way. I was authorized to report the
joint resolution.
Mr. O'NEILL. The chairman of the com-
mittee was certainly authorized to report the
proposition as a substitute for the original bill;
but the substitute having been offered, the
Speaker declared that the bill together with
the substitute must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the point of order which was raised.
1 take it that the chairman of the committee
cannot now present this same proposition as a
report of the Committee on Commerce. I do
not think he will say that the committee have
authorized him to do so.
Mr. DIXON. I was authorized to report
ttiis joint resolution. 1 was not specially
authorized to report cither as a substitute or
as an independent proposition. I do report it
as an independent proposition.
Mr. O'NEILL. The bill to which this was
offered as a substitute originated in this House,
being presented, I think, by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and was referred
to the Committee on Commerce. It proposed
an apprapriation of ยง500,000. The committee
authorized the presentation of this joint reso-
lution as a substitute for that bill. But 1 think
the Speaker will not decide that it is in order
for the chairman of the committee to report it
as an independent proposition.
The SPEAKER. By an indorsement on the
bill "to provide for the construction ofa break-
water in Barnstable bay" it appears that it
was referred to the Committee on Commerce
on the 12th of April. This bill made a direct
appropriation of $500,000. Ou the 2ith of
May a joint resolution relative to the same sub-
ject was referred t,o the same committee. The
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Dixox,]
the chairman of the committee, this morning
reported back the House bill with the joint
resoluiion as a substitute. The joint resolu-
tion does not itseir contain an appropriation ;
but the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benja-
mix] made a point of order that, an appropria-
tion was contained in the original bill. The
Chair was compelled to rule that both the bill
and the substitute must go to the Committee
of the Whole, because, although the House
might probably adopt the substitute, yet it
could not be certainly known that such would
be the decision ; and as the original bill con-
tained a direct appropriation, the Chair could
not allow it to be entertained under color of
an amendment which might or might not be
adopted. Therefore, the bill and the proposed
substitute, being the joint resolution now pre-
sented, were both referred to the Committee
of the Whole. It does not appear from the
printed slip which the gentleman from Rhode
Island now sends to the Chair that there is
any authority whatever from the Committee on
Commerce to make such a report as this. The
Chair, therefore, must rule that the report can-
not be received. '
Mr. BENNETT. As a member of the
Committee on Commerce, I desire to say, if it
is not too late, that this resolution is entirely
independent of the other proposition.
The SPEAKER. The only joint resolution
which bears any indorsement as having been
referred to the Committee on Commerce was
reported as a substitute.
Mr. BENNETT. I understood the chairman
to say that he reported it independently of the
bill originally reported.
The SPEAKER. He undertakes to report
now a printed resolution, but not the original
resolution of the Senate.
Mr. CONGER. There have been several
matters upon this subject referred by the House
to this committee. The result of the examina-
tion made by the committee is this joint resolu-
tion, which I drew up myself, independently
of any other proposition, and without having
seen the bill. This is the joint resolution now
reported by the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The ruling of the Chair
cannot be questioned. If a joint resolution
had been reported by itself, the point of order
could not have been made against it; but being
reported as a substitute it must share the fate
of the bill.
Mr. BENNETT. Is it not in order to report
it now ?
The SPEAKER. It is not before the com-
mittee.
Mr. BENNETT. We have unanimously
recommended its passage.
Mr. O'NEILL. The Committee on Com-
merce has been discharged from the further
consideration of the subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair regrets the
gentleman h'as made a mistake; but it is the
duty of the'Chair to administer the rules of the
House.
PORT or DELIVERY AT DULUTH, MINNESOTA.
Mr. PINKELNBURG, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported a bill (IT: R. No.
2350) to -create a< port of delivery at Duluth,
Minnesota: which was read a first and second
time.
The bill provides that Duluth, in the State
of Minnesota, shall be, and is hereby, consti-
tuted a port of delivery within the collection
district of New Orleans, and there shall be
appointed a surveyor of customs, to reside at
said port, who shall perform the duties and
receive the compensation and emoluments pre-
scribed in the act of Congress approved March
2, 1831, being an act allowing the duties on
foreign merchandise imported into Pittsburg,
Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis,
Nashville, and Natchez to be secured and paid
at those places.
The morning hour expired, and the bill
went over until the morning hour to-morrow.
ENROLLED BILLS,
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 167) amendatory of an act
to protect the rights of actual settlers upon the
public lands of the United States, approved
July 27, 1868, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 241) to relinquish the,interest
of the United States in certain, lands to the
city and county of Sar> Francisco;
A** act (S, Efo, 351) fop disposal of thef
