224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
Ho. c® Beps.
The Tariff—Mr. Burdelt.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
has sought not unsuccessfully to secure wages,
not the pittance of wages, for the mechanic
and the artisan, and a market for the produce
of American farms, and which has always kept
open the road to wealth for every thrifty deni-
zen. The large-hearted, the generous Clay,
who stood between their age and ours, with that
happy perception of the fit and the eloquent,
named itthe American system. I cannot refrain,
sir, from saying that if I have read aright the
history of my country, from a very early period
in her history, down to the formation of the free-
trade league, the brain and the power of free
trade, of English copyists, sprung from that
system of labor-ownership which brought us
the dissolutions of the past, and which only
differed from the English labor system in that
it claimed ownership of the body, which it fed
and clothed more comfortably. In short, sir,
wherever this system is found it is the cham-
pion of money; it knows not the man. It finds
its test of progress on the pages of its mer-
chants' ledgers, and though the balance be
written in the blood of the laborer it is yet a
balance, and the tradesman is content. The
child working in the mill is its exemplar; the
boy at school is ours.
1 submit, for the further elucidation of the
true workings of this English idea, an extract
from the report of Mr. Commissioner Hewitt,
to be found on page 44 of his report, printed
by order of Congress:
"From the returns made to the British Parliament
as to pauperism in tlio month ol September, A. 0.
18G7, it appears that out of a population of 19,886,104
dwelling in the area for which the returns aremade,
872,620 persons were on the list of paupers supported
by public charity." * ^ v A '
" By another parliamentary return it appoars that
the average number of scholars attendant upon the
schools under Government inspection in tho year
18UG was 871,309 in -England and Wales, showing the
suggestive fact that tho paupers receiving public
relief and thechildren receiving instruction in schools
aided by tho public funds were about equal in num-
ber.'*
Let it be borne in mind that this hungry
throng, with hand and will for work, if only
work brings scanty bread—not wages—is the
reserve which dictates the price of work for
all tho realm ; and then let the champions of
the venders of foreign merchandise stand up,
if they dare, before the workingmen of Mis-
souri and the West and ask them, by a resort
to falsely named " revenue reform," to put the
produce of their labor at the mercy of com-
petition with that of tho starving operatives of
Europe.
TRANSPORTATION" FACILITIES—CAPITAL—RESOURCES
—THE WEST'S OPPORTUNITY.
It is undoubtedly true that down to a very
recent period therewere reasons and circum-
stances existing which made protective or dis-
criminative legislation more advantageous to
the East than it could be to the West, and
especially to that portion of the West beyond
the Mississippi. This inequality does not now
largely exist.
Facility for the transportation of manufac-
tured products from the door of the shop to
the residence of the consumer, to the field of
consumption, is a prime element, a prime ne-
cessity of success. In fact, this single ques-
tion in a majority of cases decides the location
of the factory, the furnace, and tho shop.
What avails it that from every mountain gorge
of our great western chain rushes the swift
brook, daily wasting in unharnessed power a
force of greater utile strength than all the costly
engines that throb and pulse at bidding of fire
and steam? No mill stands on their banks,
for the produce of their strength would find no
railway, no navigable stream to bear the shaped
result of the hand and brain of the artisan to
tho waiting purchaser. Want of transportation
facilities ten, twenty years ago, stood in our
way, and the factory for the West was builded
in the East.
Not so to-day. The great river which
toward the South is no longer the sole highway,
the only life-course of the West's great future.
The iron rail and the noisy train are as familiar
to the sight and ear of the denizen of the valley
as to the people of the shore. The mine, the
stream, the cotton, the hemp, the tobacco-
field, the marble quarry of the valley, are to-
day neighbors of each other and of the world.
The vast ills incident to the war are not all
alloy. The despair that found hope in a na-
tional currency and national banks has unified
our monetary system and system of exchanges,
and transfers of capital to profitable centers or
promising western localities, for purpose of
industrial investment, are easy and possible.
It was not so ten years ago. Then the moneyed
East knew not the richer West, save as the
home of wild-cats, wild- eat financiers, and wild-
cat banks—as a financial Botany bay.
While it is true, sir, that artificial facilities
have now ranged themselves beside our great
natural advantages and beckon us but to strike
that we may thrive, the great sources of our
former agricultural prosperity, meager though
they were, are fast passing from us; and to
those who will hear they say in unmistakable
language, "Diversify your industries or you
shall starve." In days gone by the human
machinery that tilled the fields of the South
drew their whole subsistence from the States
of the northern valley. Illinois, Iowa, Wis-
consin, and Missouri furnished the corn and
bacon that made strong the arms of southern
labor. Missouri furnished the mules of the
plantation and the corn they fed upon.
In those days, happily gone forever, the
father, the mother, and the child, representing
not humanity but capital, were worked at that
which was most profitable to the owner ; that
profit happened to be in cotton, rice, and sugar.
Xo-day and to-morrow the father tills the cot-
ton, while he does not forget, with aid of wife
and child, to provide from the potato-patch
and the corn-field subsistence for the family
and provender for the beast; while the scarcity
of labor consequent upon the withdrawal to a
large extent of woman and child labor, coupled
with the abundauce of cleared acres, compels
a resort to grain culture for its advantage of
economy of labor. And so the South, if not
now, will soon enter the grain market, not to
purchase of us, but to compete with us.
The rapid extension of lines of railroads into
the grain-producing provinces of Europe and
Asia warns us that our uncertain English mar-
ket will soon be closed to any remunerative
competition for the supply of our food pro-
ductions, and doubly warns us to take care that
we adopt a self-reliant policy. And germane
to this thought is a favorite commonplace of
publicists the world over, and not unfrequently
repeated on this floor as illustrative of those
'1 glittering generalities'' which form the staple
of free-trade theories, and are especially relied
upon as an argument for the necessity of a
free interchange among nations of their various
commodities. Tersely stated, it is that there
is a diversity of skill among the peoples of the
earth; a diversity of climate and of soils;
advantages peculiar to localities and peoples,
which of themselves indicate it as the design
of Providence that nations should lean on each
other, and as thus presenting insuperable objec-
tion to any policy of restriction. This theory
is beautiful in its conception, and gives large
scope for eloquent deduction and elaboration.
I know of no subject more suited to scho-
lastic incubation ; I know of no generalization
more unsuited to illustrate or shape American
legislation. I see about me here Represent-
atives acknowledging allegiance to the same
flag, whose united districts reach almost from
torrid to frigid zone, whose shores are laved
by the world's two greatest seas, who, had they
brought as they gather here a thank-offering
of their people's stores, would have rung upon
your altar every metal known to use or orna-
ment ; would have offered for the sacrifice every
clean beast fit for an oblation; would have
builded a new sanctuary with stones more mar-
velous and woods more precious than the
Tyrian ever saw, hung its walls with cloths
finer than the purple of Arabia, and fed your
capital with every grain and fruit and drink
known to the hungry of the earth ; while, gath-
ering at the altar the citizens of one common
country, should be found the type and best
representatives of every civilized people ; the
master of every trade and calling known to
agriculture, mechanics, or art, and exemplars
of every science that ennobles and beautifies.
Sir, let "pent-up Utica" stretch forth her
hands toward other lands. Let us so shape
our legislation as to at least express our grati-
tude to the Giver by the development and use
of the bounties which smile on us on every
hand.
THE WHOLE LAND IS OURS.
The answer to the statement that the West and
South need and are now ready to receive and
profit by protection and must have the benefit
of manufacturing industry, is met by the argu-
ment that if duties which result in protection
are removed and revenue only demanded on
articles not produced by us, that the capital
and energy of the East will abandon their pres-
ent field of operations and transfer their fac-
tories to tho more favored fields of the West
and South. There is admission, folly, and
meanness in this declaration, as well as ample
proof that those who make it either do not
understand the objects of protection, or, under-
standing them, are prepared by their defeat to
work the utter destruction of every form of
material advancement not peculiar to their own
immediate neighborhood.
Mr. Speaker, such a result if attainable is
not to be wished for. It is born of that per-
nicious and unpatriotic sectionalism which
struck at the Union fora section's sake. Tt is
the suggestion of a class whose narrow compre-
hension never gathered in the broader thought
that progress, advancement, wealth, gathered
anywhere within the nation's bounds, was
gathered for the nation and for us all. I feel
no prompting of jealousy when I am told that
New England has builtbeside her many streams
a thousand busy manufacturing centers, where
art and industry have returned her the wealth
denied by nature. I find cause for gratifica-
tion, not for carping, at the record of progress
which Pennsylvania by a wise use of nature's
bounties has made for herself; and instead of
childish complainings at her larger thrift would
point the people of my own State to the fact,
that possessing as they do every natural ad-
vantage of resource in as large abundance, ay,
in larger bounty than her older sister, now that
happily her labor system is made to conform
to the requisites of modern thrift, and her sys-
tem and appliances of transportation reach out
to either shore, she has only to take advantage
of those incidental benefits of legislation as
free to her and as applicable to her peculiar
resources as to Pennsylvania, to reach and pass
her in the struggle for material mastery.
Mr. Speaker, I decry the littleness which
knows no country beyond the spot of birth or
chosen residence; but I am far from question-
ing the right or motives of those Representa-
tives who seek the success of a policy because it
seems to them one demanded by the peculiar
circumstances surrounding their own people.
We are many, and distributed over all the land,
that all the people may speak the nation's will.
We are several and chosen from districts hav-
ing metes and bounds, that every part and peo-
ple may have guardianship of local rights and
wants.
The weak of faith have ever prophesied our
ultimate disruption, because of that seeming
antagonism of interest incident to vast extent
