4070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
was preserved under those circumstances, and
it will be again if need shall come. We need
no credit abroad. To-day $1,200,000,000 of
our bonds have gone to Europe and escape all
taxation, and our industries are taxed to pay
the interest. And when I bring this to the
attention of our overtaxed people ; when I speak
in favor of taxing the bondholders as a class of
investors, and making them honestly pay their
share of our burdens, and in favor of the sav-
ings-banks and the overburdened laborers, I
am told that that is clap-trap 1 Be it so. It
is such clap-trap_ I shall live with, and I hope
to God I shall die with, on my lips.
I say again that I am for lessening the bur-
den of taxation upon the men of moderate
means and against the escape of large invest-
ors from taxation. I am for having everybody
pay taxes fairly, equally, and justly in propor-
tion to his means. And, while I tax the match-
box in the cottage of the poor man, I would
tax the interest on the bond in the safe of the
banker and the capitalist; and whoever goes
contrary to t'bat, in my judgment, goescou-
trary to justice and right, and to maintaining
an equality of burdens in this country. This
is no new question, Mr. Speaker. The House
has voted three times over, by large majorities,
in favor of this equalization of taxation. Yet
we cannot get it done, because the committees
of this House stand between the House and
the people and sustain the exemption from
taxation of capitalists. The Banking Commit-
tee stood in the way'last year. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means also stood in the way
last year, and when ordered by the House to
report a bill which would have accomplished
this object they refused to report it, and so
capital in bonds still goes untaxed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, all this sort
of thing to which we have been listening would
be very well upon the stump; although even
there, if sifted to the bottom, with a peopfe so
sensible as those of the United States are, I
do not believe it would have much effect.
When I spoke of clap-trap, it was when I was
responding to the charge of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that everybody who held Uni-
ted States bonds was a rascal.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
make that charge.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman designated
the bondholder generally as a rascal. Now,
when a man says that, he knows, and we all
know, at the time he utters it, that sjich a
statement is intended to be sensational and an
appeal to prejudice.
Sir, the reason why it is inexpedient for a
Government to tax its own obligations in the
hands of its creditors is because it cannot do it
without reflecting discredit and injury on the
Government itself. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts says that there never was a pledge
given not to tax these bonds. Well, perhaps
there was not a direct pledge, but I hold that
there is an implied pledge. When the Gov-
ernment says to those to whom it appeals for
money, at home or abroad, "Take our bonds
and we will give you six per cent, interest on
them," is not the position changed if the
Government should thereafter say " We are
the law-makers, and have all the power on our
side, and when we come to pay you that six per
cent, we will take five per cent, off it?" They
might just as well take off ten or fifty per cent.,
for the principle is the same for fifty per cent,
or one hundred per cent, as for five per cent.
A Government placing itself in that position
destroys its own credit.
Mr. ELDRIDGB. Will the gentleman allow
mo to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; Ihavenottime.
Now, as I liave said, it seems to me, and
every one knows it, that it is just such talk as
this, just such propositions as this, which tend
to shake the fai h of people throughout the
world in the good faith, punctuality, and
promptitude of the Government of the United
States in the paymentof their debts, and which
prevent them from letting the United States
have money as cheap as they let other nations
have it; while at the very same time they
will admit to you, ifyougo abroad among them,
that they believe there is no such wealth, no
such prosperity, no such future prospects per-
taining to any people on the face of the globe
as to the people of the United States, and that
there is no people so well able to pay, if only
willing to pay.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I dis-
tinctly deny the correctness of the gentleman's
representation.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is easy for the gentle-
man to deny it. But I appeal to the conscious-
ness and good sense of every one who hears
me for the truth of what I assert.
I am willing now to rest the whole case on
the grounds which I have placed before the
House, and there I will leave it. But there is
one point in regard to which I desire to offer
a word in the way of reply. The gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has stated, and
the gentleman from Massachusetts and others
have repeated, that the Committee of Ways
and Means, and other members of this House,
when bringing in a new funding bill, propose
to insert a provision with reference to bonds
issued at some low rate of interest, four per
cent, or some such rate, that they should not
be taxable either by the United States or by
State or municipal authorities, and that thereby
the whole question is yielded. Not at all. It
is not put there because we do not think by
implication we are restrained from it. It is not
put there because we do not believe it to be
inexpedient and wrong, and therefore, because
so inexpedient and wrong, hurtful to the
nation ; but it is put there to shut mouths, to
prevent attempts that may be made hereafter
to disturb this question by throwing out prop-
ositions of this sort, thus hurting our credit.
We want to write it down in the bond that
what an honest nation should do we will put
in unmistakable language in the bond itself
that we will do ; so that the creditors of the
country may not be afraid to trust us. I do
not believe it necessary in law and right to
put it there ; but we put it there in order to
satisfy those to whom we offer our bonds that
at some time or other there shall be an end
put to this eternal discussion of questions about
whether we mean to keep our faith according
to the letter of our undertaking or not, thus
affecting and impairing our credit with those
who otherwise might rest upon our faith in
proper security.
We have spoken the same number of times
on both sides of this question, and I think we
all understand this subject. I propose now to
demand the previous question on this amend-
ment, leaving" the rest of the section open to
amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. I appeal to my colleague
to allow me a few moments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would with pleasure,
but there ar-" six or seven other gentlemen
appealing to rue. [Cries of " Vote!'' "Vote!"]
i mast demand the previous question on this
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is bound to
advise the gentleman that under the rules he
would gain nothing by that. The same amend-
ment could be renewed with the change of a
single word.
Mr. MORGAN. I appeal to the generosity
and justice of my colleague to allow me to say
a few words in reply to him.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague knows that
there is no one more generous, liberal, and
amiable than I am. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORGAN. I know it well, and there-
fore I make my appeal with confidence. •
Mr. SCHENCK. Other gentlemen are ap-
pealing to me in the same way and even in
more moving terms. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORGAN. I beg the honorable gen-
tleman to allow me a few minutes.
Mr. PETERS. I would inquire if debate
is not exhausted on the pending amendment ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] yield to his colleague,
[Mr. Morgan?]
Mr. PETERS. How can lie yield to him
when no debate is in order?
Mr. SCHENCK. I want a vote on this
amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. I again appeal to my col-
league to allow me to submit to the House a few
suggestions inreply totheremarksso ablymade
by himself. [Criesof " Order!" and "Vote!"]
Mr. PETERS. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to
arrive at an understanding with the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall be compelled to
move the previous question on the section.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only desires to
know what motion the gentleman makes.
Mr. SCHENCK. What did the Chair decide ?
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman said
that he would call the previous question on the
pending amendment, the Chair stated that
under the five-minutes rule the same amend-
ment, with the change of a single word, could
be offered as soon as this amendment was dis-
posed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not care for that. I
move the previous question on the pending
amendments, so that we may get a test vote.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] which proposes to subject
the bonds of the United States to five per cent,
tax on their coupons, as railroad bonds are now
taxed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Without regard to who
is the holder?
The SPEAKER. Without regard to who is
the holder of the bond, the five per cent, to be
deducted when the coupons are paid at the
Treasury of the United States.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Beck; and,upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 73, noes 90.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FOX and Mr. PITCH called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 78, nays 111, not
voting 41; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell.Beck,Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Bird. Booker, James Brooks, Btirr,
Benjamin I''. Butler,Cleveland. AmasaOobb,Coburn,
Crebs, Cullom, Dickinson. Dockery, Dox, Dyer, Bla,
Eldridgc, Farnsworth, Fitch, Fox, Getz, Gibson,
Griswold, Haight, llaldeman, Ilambleton, Hamill,
Hamilton, Hawkins, Hay, Hays, Heflin, Holman,
Ingcrsoll, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Kerr,
Knott, Lewis, Logan, Marshall, Mayham, McCor-
iiiiok, McNeely, Milnes, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan,
Morrissey, Niblack, Orth. Potter, Randall, Reeves,
Rice, Sargent, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Joseph
S. Smith, Stiles, Stokes, Strader, Sweeney, Trimble,
Tyricr, Van Auken, Wells, Whitmore, .Eugene M.
Wilson, JohnT. Wilson,'Winchester,Witeher, Wood,
and Woodward—78.
NAYS — Messrs. Alluon, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwoorl, Ayer, Bailey, Banks,
Barry, Beaman, Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Bufiinton,
Burchard, Burclett. Roderick It. Butler, Sidney
Clarke, Conger, Covode.Cowles, Davis. Dawes, Dege-
ner, Donley, Duval, Ferriss, Fmkelnburg, Fisher,.
Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, lianis, Hawley,Hill, Hoar,
Hooper,Hotclikiss, Jenckes, Judd.Iiellcy, Kellogg,
Ivelsey, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Loughridge,
Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew,
Molvcnzic, Morcur, iiliakiui II. Moore, William
Moore. Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell. Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Myers, Negley, Newsliam, O'Neill. Packard, -
Packer, Paine, Peck, Pcrce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt,
Pomeroy, Porter, Roots. Sawyer, Schenck, Scliu-
maker, Seofield, Porter Sheldon, Siocum, John A.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman,
Townsend.Twichell, Upson,Ward,William B Wash-
burn, Welker, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard, Wil-
liams, and Winsms—111.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnum, Boles. Buck,
Buckley, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, William
T._ Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Conner, Cox, '
Dickey, Dixon, Ferry, Hoaton, Hoge, Thomas.
