1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3127
.,«cial orders, so that the House may judge of I
the proprie'v and expediency of considering
at short bill which upon its iace by percent-
'' repeal reduces the heavy burden of
Nation. I" that bill everybody can see that
there is a reduction of taxatiou. Itrequires no
expert to ascertain by computation that tact.
Mr Speaker, this llouse has been 111 session
siiicethe lirst Monday of December. Itisnow
the 1st of May. No bill reducing the burdens
of the people lias yet been passed upon ; one
onlv reported to the House, the tariff bill, con-
sisting of City printed pages, being a revision
of the duties on imports, creating a new classifi-
cation of tbe various articles, before unknown
to our laws, and so arranged that in some in-
stances itis impossible, by comparison with old
laws, to determine how much the duties are
increased or reduced. With such bills in con-
trast, I desire to get the opinion of the llouse
as to which will most probably effect that which
the people demand, a reduction of taxation
before we adjourn.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I
think the gentleman from Illinois is attacking
the Administration for its dereliction of duty in
not reducing taxation. He mast confine him-
self to the question before the House.
Mr. JUDD. I hope my friend from New
York [Mr. Cox] will restrain his propensity for
jokes while we are engaged in what I believe
to be a serious business. I do not make this
motion with any disposition to find fault with
any individual or any committee; I propose
it with a firm conviction that unless some mode
of this kind be adopted, this House will not,
daring its present session, dispose of the ques-
tion of the tariff satisfactorily to the people, nor
shall we reach the question of the redaction of
internal revenue taxes.
Let us see what we have been doing. On
the 3d of Maqch the discussion on the tariff
bill commenced ; and that general discussion
continued, with such interruptions as the chair-
man of the committee allowed to take place,
till the 3d day of April, when tbe considera-
tion of the bill by classes began. Now, on the
30th day of April, only seventeen of the fifty
pages of the bill have been passed over in
Committee of the Whole. I ask members to
think of this. I ask that gentlemen who desire
to red ace taxation will think of it in the light
of the summer that is coming and the termina-
tion of this session. Suppose this bill shonld
be passed; if we are to judge of the future by
the past, it will then be too late for any favor-
able action by the Senate during the present
session of Congress. Suppose it be defeated,
it will be too late to reach in another and more
effectual form the question of the reduction of
the tariff. Although it is admitted by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and I think by
nearly every gentleman upon this floor, that
some reduction ought to be made, it is more
than probable that the continuance of the con-
sideration of the present bill will leave the
present rate of duties in force nntil the next
session of Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I do not believe that bill will
become a law. I believe it is to-day the opin-
ion of a majority of the members of the House
that that bill will not pass this body. To show
what is the feeling of its prompters, and what
are their convictions, I hold in my hand an
extract which I shall ask to be read. I pro-
pose to have read an extract from the corre-
spondence of the Iron Age, in order to show
gentlemen what condition we would be left in
if this bill be left under discussion for thirty
days or more.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Of course it would be idle to deny that a reduction
« u Iy 0,1 Pis'rontofivedollars wonldseriously
•neettheprodaetiveinteresUof Pennsylvania. That
1 k® permanently destructive of the home
P*J}e w not probable. Labor would goffer most, and
poth first and last; capital only at first. Bntasthere
18 no great fear of the proposed reduction being
adopted, or even of any bill passing at this session,
th« alarm of the trade is unnecessary, and the effeot
upon the market may be considered discounted
already."
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. If
the gentleman undertakes to have extracts
read from the Iron Ago in reference to this
tariff bill and the possibility of its passing he
will be goiug iuto the merits of the tariff ques-
tion, and there will be no end of it. Besides
that, we of this side of the House will have no
chance to reply.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COX. If it is to continue I should like
to say something on it myself.
Mr. JUDD. If my friend from Ohio had
listened he would haveseeu that it involves no
question of the tariff bill. It is an expression
of the opinion that no tariff bill will pass in
this session, aud is in corroboration of what I
have uttered on this floor. I have stated the
length of time this bill has been pending and
the interest which the public have in having a
law passed this sessiou. Let us look a little
further into the probabilities of reduciug tax-
ation this session if business continues as it
has been going on to this time. There is oil
your table a bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means revising and codifying the
internal revenue system, rearranging the mode
of procedure. Dothegentleraeu of thisHouse
know that bill contains three hundred and sev-
enty-eight pages of printed matter, all of which
is to be passed upon section by section, for it
will not do to pass such a bill by its title? The
mistaken use of a word might make great
trouble among the honorable members' con-
stituents in this delicate business of taxation.
On Saturday last in debate the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means stated that a
reduction of the internal revenue tax was to
be made through that bill by amendments to
be offered by the committee. I ask this House,
if that bill is to be acted on when will we get
through with it if any comparison can be made
with the time which has been expended in the
consideration of the tariff bill? If this is to
be waited for the tax-payer will be compelled
to pull oat his purse to pay the tax-gatherer
more than once while Congress is debating the
form of relieving his burdens. The Speaker s
table has been partially cleared withiu a few
days. Still there are a number of Senate bills
still waiting that have received no attention,
not even been referred. The leading com-
mittees of the House have had no opportu-
nity to report on the subjects committed to
their care, excepting the committees privileged
to report at any time, such as the Committee
of Ways and Means, the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and the Committee on Recon-
struction. The leading committees of the
House have had no opportunity to report upon
all the various interests committed to them ;
and, Mr. Speaker, if these two bills, the tariff
bill and the internal revenue law, are to be
continued under consideration in the manner
indicated by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, those committees will
not probably be called this session. Is all
this mass of public business to be given the
go-by for this session?
The next committee to be called in regular
order is the select Committee on the Decline
of American Commerce. That, committee
has bills ready to report involving some of the
most important interests of the country, and
if it gets into the morning hour for debate, gen-
tlemen will see the morning hour taken up
with this business day after day for many days.
AH these things are to be taken into consider-
ation in passing on the question how long this
j bill shall remain before tbe Hoase. Consid-
| ering the impression of its future which is
entertained by its friends in the extract read
by the Clerk from the Iron Age, let me refer to
still another thing. A large majority of the
I appropriations which are absolutely necessary
to sustain the Government have not yet received
any consideration iu this House, many of them
noteven reported, bccausc everything is blocked
up by this tariff. I am informed thut they are
ready to be laid before the House for its con-
sideration, but are kept out by this special- order
tariffbill. The bill making appropriations
for the Army, the Navy appropriation bill,
the PostOtlice appropriation bill, the consular
and diplomatic bill, the bill for fortifications,
and the bill for river and harbor improvements,
and the miscellaneous appropriations for the
civil service, are all behind, and have not yet
been acted on by this House. I would ask
gentlemen to tell us when and how soon these
appropriation bills are to be acted upon.
Now, sir, I do not claim, nor do I insist upon
it, that a tariff bill should not be acted upon 113
a part of our duty here. But I do say that
there are modes and methods of reaching that
question without undertaking a complete re-
vision of the tariff at the present time. I say
that to undertake to revise the whole tariff
system, under the circumstances, will not fulfill
the expectations of the people or be in the
interests of the public.
Mr. WARD. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether the bill he has
proposed makes any reduction in the duties
upon iron greater than the House has already
made?
Mr. JUDD. In reply to the gentleman from
New York 1 would say that in the bill which I
have prepared 
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, are we to
go into a consideration of the merits of the
different bills?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled twice
that the gentleman cannot discuss the merits
of any bill that is in the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. JUDD. I will say then to my friend
from New York, [Mr. Ward,] that the bill is
on his file and he can examine it. I have
stated that the committees of this House, if
the business proceed in the manner in which it
has gone on hitherto, will not be able to report
on public measures during this session. If
that be so it is a matter for the consideration
of this House at the present time whether its
business shall be so arranged and ordered that
the various committees can have an opportu-
nity to present to the consideration of the
House the various matters committed to them.
My conviction is that they will not have that
opportunity if this bill is allowed to drag its
slow length along, followed by the three hun-
dred and seventy-eight pages of internal rev-
enue law.
Why, to-day there are over twenty contested-
election cases not yet considered by the House.
And I ask, shall we give the balance of this
session, I do not say to the reduction, but to
the revision of the tariff, or shall we reach a
bill which reduces the tariff within reasonable
and proper limits, and thus leave an opportunity
for other branches of the public business to be
attended to? My own conviction and feeling
in relation to it is that we ought to take this
course. I shall not attempt to go into the
merits of the bill, but should like exceedingly
if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenok]
would not object to my saying just half a dozen
words as to tbe proposition which I have intro-
duced, so that the House might understand
from word of mouth, and without the necessity
of reading the bill, that three simple sections
dispose of this whole question of internal rev-
enue reduction and tariff reduction for this
session.
Let me say one word as to the effect of the
amendment which I have offered. My friend
from Michigan [Mr. Beaman] asked if that
would not set aside a special order for the con-
sideration of one of the appropriation bills. I
will say that we should look to revenue regu-
lations first and to appropriations afterward.
That is the philosophy of legislation and should
