4072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
tritmtion, to inquire into the condition of every
stockholder, and then, at his discretion, pay
the money into the Treasury or to the stock-
holder. I do not think that this would be an
improvement on our legislation. There must
be some principle at the bottom of this matter,
and I think'I can state it. By the presentlaw
there is a distinction, which at first sight seems
to be an inequality, between those who invest
in banks and insurance companies and those
■who from partnership engagements, manufac-
turing operations, or otherwise derive income
and make a report of their income. -Tlie latter
class get the benefit of the deductions ; the
stockholders of banks and insurance companies
do not. The law seems, therefore, to operate
invidiously in favor of the one class and against
the other.
But there is a reason lying underneath legis-
lation of this kind ; and if there be a reason
applicable in the case of banks and insurance
companies, the same reason applies to man-
ufacturing companies and other corporations
instituted for the purpose of making money
and declaring dividends upon their stock.
That underlying principle 1 suppose to be
this: the law contemplates people as either
natural persons or artificial persons. The nat-
ural persons present their returns on income,
get their deductions, and make their payments.
But when the law creates an artificial person
or corporation and confers upon it certain
exclusive privileges, freedom from personal
liability and other advantages, the law goes
further, and is supposed to attach, as it does
now attach in the ease of banks, this condition :
" In consideration of our giving you exclusive
privileges, in consideration of our relieving
you from personal responsibility, in consider-
ation of all the advantages you derive from
being incorporated and converted into an arti-
ficial person, we shall require that when you
have made certain net earnings you shall pay
from them a tax of five per cent, to the Gov-
ernment and then you shall make a distribu-
tion on your stock."
Upon small stockholders this may occasion-
ally operate witli some little hardship. But
we must remember the distinction between
artificial persons and natural pin-sons, and this
distinction is the reason of the difference made
in the mode of taxation. In consideration of
theadvantages enjoyed liy corporations, in con-
siderntioa of their freedom from personal le-
sponaibility, their ability to act in a collective
capacity, and the other privileges which they
enjoy, the law requires of'each corporation that
it .shall first pay its dues to the Government
and afterward make its distribution among
the shareholders.
Mr, HOAR. I wish to point out to the
House the fact that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Davis] makes the
collector a judicial officer to judge upon the
question of exemption from taxation ; and on
the certificate of that officer the stockholder is
to be credited with certain moneys.
Mr. DA.V1S. Since sending my amendment
to the desk I have changed it so that it is not
now liable to the objection which the gentle-
man states.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York will be read, as
modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
After tho word "contract," in lino twenty-sis of
section iorty-iour, insert:
Provuie'J, That, in all eases whr>re it shall be shown,
by satisfactory proof, to tho officer who snnll have
received the said three per cent, on any dividend, or
on interest, <>r coupons from any corporation as above
provided,ibatrhc person, owning: tbo stock or houds
or coupons on which such dividend was declared or
interm diddered, (being u resident of the United :
States,) h}i<? nor received any exemption upon incomo !
in «ny oihef form, and has no other income from
which thesfl.ue e.tn be deducted, the same shall bo
refunded to such person under such regulations us
.the Socr< tary of toe Treasury may provide, at the
rate of fhre - p r cent, on h:s dividend or interest
from which the tax has been deducted by said cor-
poration ; but such payment shall riot in any case
oxceed the amount of exemption on incomes as pro-
vided by this act.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move the previous
question on the section.
Mr. BOTHER, of Massachusetts^ Before the
previous question is seconded I wish to offer
an amendment, to strike out in the seventh line
of the section the words "savings institutions."
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to that
amendment being considered as pending.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts will be regarded
as pending.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
message sroji the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Goriiam, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution
(H. II. aSTo. 173) to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury 'to collect wrecked and abandoned
propelty, derelict claims, andduesbelonging to
the United States.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a concurrent resolution provid-
ing for the printing of six thousand extra copies
of the report from the agricultural depart-
ment on the diseases of cattle in the United
States, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
MBSSAGU FROM THIS PRKSID1SXT.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Horace Porter,
one of his secretaries, notifying the House
that he had approved and signed a joint reso-
lution (H. it. No. 52) for the relief of Alfred
B. Winslow, of Portland, Maine.
internal tax bill.
The question recurred on Mr. Davis's sub-
stitute.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
29, noes 08.
So the substitute was disagreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Kellogg was dis-
agreed to.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment ot Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, to
strike out the words " savings institutions."
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
37, noes 02.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. IvELLOGG. Is it now too late to move
to strike out the whole section?
The SPEAKER. It is.
The Clerk tead as follows:
Sec. to. J [ ud be it farther enact-d, That every person
bavins: thecaieor management of any corporation
liaole to Do taxed under the last preceding section
shall make ana render to the assessor or assistant
assessor ot tlio district in which sucn person has his
oihee 1or conducting tlie business of such corpora-
tion, on or betore the 10th day of the month lollop-
ing tiiut in which any dividends or sums of money
become due or payable as aforesaid, a true and com-
plete return, in such lorm as the Commissioner of
internal lievenuo may prescribe, of the amount of
income and profits anil of taxes as afoiesaid; and
tlier® shall be annexed thereto a declaration of the
president cashier, or treasurer of the corporation,
under oath, that tho s.imo con tains a true and com-
plete account of the income and profits and ot taxes
as aforesaid. Anil lor any default in the uiakui" or
rendeung of such return, with such declaration
annexed, tho corporation so in default shall forfeit
as a penalty the sum of S1.0J0: and m case of any
default in making or rendering said return, or if any
default in Hie payment of too tax as required, or of
any part thereof, the assessment and collection of
the tax and penalty shall be in accordance with the
general provisions ol law in other cases of neglect
and refusal: Piovuled, i'hat in any case whore tho
earnings and profks of any corporation mentioned
as above, being1 m good faitti applied to the payment
ol the lulcrest on its debt?, shall bo insufficient to
pay rfuon interest, the tax to foe returned under the
provisions ot tins section snail nut be required to be
paid until suck corporation shall make full payment
of its interest.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by
striking out "$1,000," in line seventeen, and
inserting "$10,000," so that the penalty shall
be $10,000 instead of $1,000; and I desire to
call the attention of the House to what I believe
to be the insufficiency and inadequacy of the
proposed penalty of $1,000 attached to the
provisions of this section. The corporations
included in the forty-fourth section are required
through their officers to make a report which
shall contain a statement of their profits and ex-
penditures, &c. I imagine, Mr. Speaker, there
are many corporations mentioned in the fore-
going section which would prefer to pay the pen-
alty of $1,000 rather than make the sworn state-
ment required of its officers. It is an entirely
inadequate penalty if you really intend to get
the proposed sworn statement from any of these
enumerated corporations as to the extent of
their receipts and expenditures. This is all I
desire to say.
Mr. PE fERS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "$10,000" and inserting
"$1,000,000."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to make it read, "not exceeding
$10,000."
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman does not say
in whose discretion.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
add to the section the following proviso :
Provided further. That on and after the 1st day of
January next the duties levied upon the articles
hereafter named, imported from foreign countries,
shall be reduced as follows:
On sirup ot cane juice, or melado, or molasses from
sugnr-caiic, and on all sugars, and on salt, thirty-
three and a third per cent.
On coffee and on tea, twenty per cent.; and on pig
and scrap iron, twenty-two and a halt percent.
And all imported goods, wares, and merchandise
here described, which may be in the public stores or
bonded warehouses on the day ot the year this act
shall take effect, shall be subjected to no other duty
upon ihe entry thereof for consumption than if the
same wore imported, respectively, after that date.
I desire just to state that this is the same
amendment which wasofferedby the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Judd,] and obtained one
hundred and one votes in the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the amendment of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] is not in order
for two reasons. The first is, that it is in vio-
lation of Rule 110, which, asregardsany motion
or proposition for a tax or charge upon the
people, provides that "every such proposition
shall receive its first discussion in a Committee
of tlie Whole House." This is a new and inde-
pendent proposition. The second reason is,
that the amendment is not germane to the bill.
The bill to which it is proposed to attach this
is, it is true, in its title, a bill to reduce internal
taxes, "and for other purposes." But I say
that there is nothing in the bill which applies
to anything else but internal taxes, and that the
title cannot enlarge the purpose, scope, and
object of the bill.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to raise the addi-
tional point of order that this amendment is
not germane to the bill which the House, by a
unanimous resolution, allowed to beeonsidered
by sections under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I consider that that is
embraced m my point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I raise the further point
of order that it is not, germane to the section
to which it is proposed to append it.
^ Ihe SPEAKER. The point presented by
tne gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
is one ol considerable importance, and the
Chair asks the attention of the House to what
is involved in it. It is whether ail amendment
relating to taxes usually embraced under the
head ot the tariff is an amendment germane
to an internal revenue bill. The point is in a
certain sense new. For since the revival of
internal revenue taxation, beginning with 1862,
