226
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
Ho. op Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Burdett.
41 sx Cong....2d Sess.
"The Pilot Knob Company during the same time
milled about 50,000 tons of ore, the 2 companies mak-
ing the folio wing showing of manufacture of pig iron
and shipment of pig metal and iron ore:
Tons of pig iron made at Iron mountain  9,S6o
Tons of pig iron made at Pilot Knob  5,373
Tons of ore shipped from Iron mountain 125,085
Tons of ore shipped from Pilot Knob  28,765
Tons of pig iron shipped out of State from
Iron mountain product  2,500
Tons of pig iron shipped out of State from
Pilot Knob product  3,407
"The bulk of shipments from the Iron Mountain
Company are made to Carondelet, and from the
Pilot Knob Company at Sulphur Springs, both by
Iron Mountain railroad, and thence by boats and
barges to the Ohio river, the different consuming
points taking of Iron mountain product about as fol-
lows: Pittsburg, 20,000 tons; Steubenville,10,000 tons;
"Wheeling, 8,000 tons; Cincinnati, 7,000 tons; Iron-
ton, Ohio, 7,000 tons; Ashland, Kentucky, 3,000 tons,
the remainder being distributed in smaller quanti-
ties to many minor points on the Ohio river above
Cincinnati. "We regret being unable to give correct
and full data, showing the progress of pig iron man-
ufactured at Carondelet by the use of stone coal;
but the reticence of the owners of furnaces prevents
the giving of complete statistical data. The follow-
ing, however, is correct so far as it goes:
' * Carondelet Iron Wor/^.—These works have but one
furnace. During the year they have made 7,300 tons
of pig, using 11,950 tons of coal. Their coal is from
I3ig Muddy.
*' The Kingsland Works went into operation with
one furnace on the 19th of July, and on the23d of Au-
gust No. 2, to use iron-men's parlance, was ' blowed,'
since when the works have been constantly going
both day and night, Sunday and week days. Since
the furnaces were first ' blowed' they have turned
out 7,000 tons of pig iron, to manufacture which has
required about 11,083 tons of ore, 8,300 tons of coal,
and the labor of 115 men. The amount of capital
invested is $450,000. Theooal used at these works is
brought from the Big Muddy coal beds, near Grand
Tower, about 100 miles below St. Louis, and some
from Illinois. This company sold 2,300 tons of its pig
iron to the East St. Lous Rail Mill, which has man-
ufactured the same into railroad rails, the product
givinggreatsatisfaction.asshowingsuperiorstrength
and tenacity of fiber. These rails are to be placed to
a severe test, the Pacific railroad having taken them
to renew all curves on thoir road,
" The productat Carondelet will be largely increased
during the present year, as thoKingsland works will
have nourly treble the running time, and at the same
tune there are 4 new furnaces in courso of erection,
2 by the South St. Louis Iron Company and 2 by the
Lewis Iron Company. Tho capacity of each will be
about equal to the Kingsland works, and will be ready
lor operation in the early spring/'
The story told by this unbiased witness is not
all the truth. The bare statement of the fact
that there was an increase of pig metal 80 per
cent, greater in the decade ending 1870 over
that ending 1860 speaks volumes for our future,
is a better testimony in favor of our protective
policy than any generalization; but in very
truth that increase is not the work of ten years
but of five, for it must be borne in mind that
there was war in Missouri from May, 1861, till
May, 1865, and as late as the fall of 1864 actual
battle raged about the Pilot Knob and Iron
mountain. Nor did iron-making on a large
scale become an assured success until within
the last two years, when for the first time it was
demonstrated that we could utilize Illinois coal
for the reduction of our ores.
" The Lead Interests of Missouri.—The. mines of
Missouri have been industriously worked during the
pastyear, as evidenced by the Increased receipts here
from interior points; and especially noticcable in
this respect is tho product of theUranby mines, which
have become the more accessible asthe Southwest
Pacific railroad is extended toward the State line.
The n,mount of load placed upon our market has been
30,048 pigs in excess of the previous year, the total
receipts being 2^1,871 pigs for 1869 against 185,823 pigs
tor 1808."
From this exhibit we may learn that a re-
munerative market has increased production,
so that the labor of last year drew from our
own mines nearly half the number of tons pro-
duced in the whole country in 1862. Our lead
mines were substantially scaled up during the
whole of the war, their machinery destroyed,
their shafts filled with water. We have but
just begun mining in earnest; we have hardly
touched the source of our supply. With the
same inducements continued to us which are
now nerving our energies I confidently pre-
dict that within the next decade Missouri will
supply lead, not by the thousand pigs, but by
the thousand tons.
''Zinc Smelting.—This is another important addition
to the industry and resources of our State, which has
been fully tested atCarondeletduring the past year.
The works of the Missouri Zinc Company at Caronde-
let went into operation on th8 9th of April last, as
much an experiment to test the'quality of the zinc ore
found in Missouri as anything-else, but the experi-
ment has proved a profitable one, and so far has been
attended with the most satisfactory success. The ore
which is found in tho vicinity of Potosi is pronounced
to be equal to any found in any other mineral-pro-
ducing country. Operations were commenced with
two furnaces, but the company by which they are man-
aged has erected a largo brick building and are now
erecting additionalfurnaceswithaview to increasing
their manufactures. Theirpresent capacityisabout
1 ton per day, or 3G5 tons per year. Next year their
manufactures will be more than trebled. The coal
used is brought from the Big Muddy coal-beds near
Grand Tower. It employs constantly 30 men. An-
other company is also constructing four furnaces,
which will go into operation early this year."
To this exhibit I have little to add. Less
than one year ago these works were established
as an experiment. That experiment is a suc-
cess. Next year they propose to treble their
product. Another company is also construct-
ing four furnaces. Yes, sir; another and an-
other, until the millions paid annually to for-
eign producers shall find their way into the
pockets of the workingmen of Missouri. In
the ten months ending October 31, 1869, we
imported zinc in pigs and sheets of the value
of $1,127,255. Why not retain this sum at
home? Zinc manufacturing is a success.
HEMP—FLAX—BAGGING—THE COMMISSIONER.
I again remind the committee that Missouri
is a large producer of hemp, and of its manu-
factures, the receipts of the article at St. Louis
for the lastyear, as reported by the Republican,
being 24,468 bales, the produce and profit not
of grasping monopolists," but of Missouri
farms. In submitting further extracts as bear-
ing on this industry taken from the Republican's
very able and impartial review, I beg to say
that in its political columns it is now the ablest
advocate among the Democratic journals of
the West of an anti-protective policy. In its
earlier days it was of better faith. I submit
that its testimony, prepared for the scrutiny of
the business men of the great city in which it is
published, is entitled to high consideration,
especially since that testimony of facts is ad-
verse to the promptings of its political sympa-
thies. I submit its statement to the careful
scrutiny of the House :
" Ilemp.—The general quality of the hemp which
has come forward the past season has been above the
average of several preceding years, and the bulk of
the receipts have been readily sold. The market has
at no time shown much fluctuation in prices, but it
has been noticeablc that there has not been much
accumulation of stock in store. The principal de-
mand for undressed hemp has been for the manufac-
ture of bagging, here and in Kentucky, llackled
tow has also been in steady request for the same
purpose, the supply being nearly up to the demand.
Dressed hemp has not sold with any degree of activ-
ity, tho demand from the eastern manufacturers hav-
ing materially fallen off. As yet we have but limited
advices regarding the new crop. Itis estimated, how-
ever, that itwillnotbe one fourth less thin last > ear.
The season has been favorable for a good crop. The
stock in store is 400 bales undressed and 200 bales
dressed. The closing prices are $140 to $170 for
undressed, S140 for primo tow, and $220 to $245 for
dressed hemp.
-The article of flax towhasbecomeof much
importance, owing to the fact that the best bagging
is now manufactured from this article, and it is very
probable that the use will be largely increased from
year to year. One of the largest factories has used
flax exclusively tliepast season, and there is no doubt
of there being a demand equal to any supply likely
to come to markot, and it will probably prove to be
a most important staple to the farmers throughout
the West. The only difficulty in the way of an ex-
tended use of flax is the proposal of the Commis-
sioner oi Internal Eevenue to materially reduce the
duty on imported bagging, which, if adopted by Con-
gress, would prove a serious blow to the manufac-
turer of our home staple.
"We quote best quality 5 to 5} cents per pound.
Stock on hand held by manufacturers will exceed
1,000 bales.
"Bale Hope.—During the pastseason the manufac-
ture reached only about 800 coils, the stock held over
being sufficient to meet the demand. The total sales
during the season will reach about 6,000 coils, leaving
on hand a stock of about 2,000 coils. The market
value is 7i cents per pound. The use of the iron tie
has so extensively taken the place of rope that
it is probable that the latter will only hereafter be
manufactured to fill orders. The market is nearly
bare of the cheaper grades of rope, though there were
a few coils of flax baled at 6^- cents.
"Bagging.—The great improvement in the manu-
facture of domestic bagging has turned the tide com-
pletely in its favor in all the southern markets, to
the exclusion ofthelndia. Theflaxbagging has met
with peculiar favor, and during a large part of the
season it was impossible to supply the demand. This
bagging "weighs 2£ pounds peryard, and is very strong
and looks well on bales of cotton. The hemp bag-
ging has been manufactured 2 pounds to 2i pounds
per yard, and has sold nearly entirely out of stock.
Another season it is hoped to increase the manufac-
ture largely of both kinds. At the close we quote 2
pounds hemp for 25 cents per yard; flax, 2? pounds,
26 cents; India, 24 cents, and the stock of all kinds
not exceeding 200 picccs. The manufacture during
the season was about 15,000 pieces; the importation
of India, 100 bales."
Mr. Speaker, for once we have honest testi-
mony from an unexpected source. Protection
to the western flax-grower, the Missouri hemp-
grower, the Missouri manufacturer, has made
profitable to the western farmer the production
of an important staple :
" The best bagging is now manufactured from this
staple." * * * * "The great improve-
ment in the manufacture of domestic bagging has
turned the tide completely in its favor in all the
southern markets, to the exclusion of the India.
5-5 * * * "The only difficulty in the way
of an extended use of flax is the proposal of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to materially
reduce the duty on imported bagging, which, if
adopted by Congress, will prove a serious blow to the
manufacturer of our home staple."
Indeed! Will it? But the Commissioner's
business is to deal serious blows of just that
sort and by just such means at any industry,
eastern or western, that stands in the way of
his new-found economic theories. The theory
must stand though the heavens fall. If the
western farmer stands in the way of his " reve-
nue-reform" project, " off with his head," for
truth is eternal; and why should a halt be
called short of the goal? How all unconsciously,
sir, and yet how fully is every principle and con-
clusion of the advocates of a protective policy
admitted, illustrated, and enforced by this act-
ual exhibit of the state of a western industry.
Protection to the hemp and flax grower and
manufacturer has stimulated the production
of the raw material, created manufactories,
improved and cheapened a staple article of
home consumption, lias nearly driven its for-
eign competitor from the field, has opened a
field of remunerative enterprise to three classes
of oar citizens—the farmer, the operative, and
the manufacturer—and is yet put in jeopardy
by the hostility of an American official. These
powerful facts, contained within so small
a space, are a complete refutation of all the
labored columns of editorial generalization of
a different import which have appeared in that
paper since it forgot the better teachings of
its better days.
The tobacco interests of Missouri are of equal
importance, but I cannot pause for further par-
ticularization.
It has been my purpose, by exhibiting to the
House some little glimpse of the vast mine of
wealth contained within the State of my adop-
tion. stored there, sir, for the nation's use, to
induce a proper consideration of our interests
when we shall enter in earnest upon the adjust-
ment of details. I do not propose now to
discuss those details as they are presented in
the bill. I shall do so as they are severally
proposed for decision ; but I may say generally
now that in my judgment we may safely reduce
our revenue. I shall insist, at every stage of
the proceedings, on a reduction of at least
$75,000,000. I trust that a reduction to the
extent of $100,000,000 may be accorded by
the House. The burdens of a weary people
demand this; our affairs will permit it with-
out the least danger of impairing our credit
or needlessly trammeling the Administration.
To effect this reduction many of the recom-
mendations of the committee must be modi-
fied by a reduction of proposed rates. Those
