1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Moore.
Ho. op Reps.
reductions must be effected on such articles
as most tend to trammel industry and weigh
down that largest and most important class
of our people, the agriculturists of the land.
For myself I cannot agree that it is best or
wise, I am sure it is not just, to repeal the
income tax for at least another year. I ad-
mit its unpleasant surroundings ;• that it is
inquisitional, if you please; that it does not
accord with the genius of our institutions ; yet
it has this saving clause, that it only calls for
money upon those who have made money and
have money to pay. It strikes where all just
taxation ought to strike, at the property or
money surplus of the people, and not at the
pittance of the small farmer or the wages of
the mechanic and laborer. Let it be abolished
whenever we can take off that most onerous
tax on the people at large, the duties on tea,
coffee, and other food articles. So long as one
penny is exacted from these and kindred arti-
cles I shall protest that the rich man's tax be
kept in force.
Tlie Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. J. H. MOORE,
of illinois,
In the House of Representatives,
March 28, 1870.
The House being in tho Coramitteo of the Whole,
and having under consideration the bill (II. R. No.
IOCS) to amend existing laws relating to the duty on
imports, and for other purposos—
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, said:
Mr. Chairman: For several weeks now I
have been giving some attention to this dis-
cussion upon the subject of the tariff, and I
must say, without however meaning to reflect
upon the ability of the gentlemen who have
entered extensively into what I have no doubt
they consider an elucidation of the subject,
that the American people have not yet beheld
any very refreshing rays of light, and that
the great questions involved are now and will
for some considerable time in the future con-
tinue to be matters in controversy. And I
really cannot see that the country is any wiser
on the subject of a tariff to-day than it was
fifty years ago, nor do I entertain the slightest
hope that the little that I may say will mate-
rially change the phases of this complicated
subject, about which the people so widely dif-
fer. But, sir, I feel compelled nevertheless,
by reason of my position here, to give my
opinions upon some of the points in contro-
versy at least, and let them go to the country
for what they are worth. Our search after
truth in the discussion of this great subject is
much obstructed, for the reason that by local
interests and selfish ends our minds are liable
to be led astray, and, in a measure, forced to
conclusions which may not bear the test of the
soundest logical reasonings. So much, sir, are
we liable to such influences that we can hardly
hope for a clear and impartial investigation. I
am sorry that the Committee of Ways and Means
isnot differently constituted, and that every sec-
tion of the country is not more fully represented
upon it. In this way we might have hoped for
results much more harmonious and more in
accordance with all the varied interests of our
great people.
Some of the most able advocates of a high
protective policy have, as it seems to me, un-
fortunately permitted their judgments to be
warped by local interests, and in the advocacy
ot these local interests have apparently forgot-
ten that there are other interests to be guarded
and fostered as well. They would have these
interests in which they have become so deeply
enlisted protectedatall hazards, even at therisk
of making other vitalinterests tributary to them.
The distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, the able and earnest advocate of a high
protective tariff, who so stoutly defends the
manufacturing interests of his own great State,
has become so enamored of his theme that
nothing in all the universe besides so excites
in his mind emotions of the beautiful as the
forges, furnaces, and coal mines of Pennsylva-
nia. The busy hum of machinery is to him
sweeter music than ever emanated from harp
or minstrel. The future glory and grandeur
of this country, and indeed of the civilized
world, are, as it seems, in his estimation be-
ing molded here and nowhereelse. Tho mag-
nificent triumphs of the past, the wonderful
reforms recently instituted, the brilliant results
of the late war, and the general prosperity can
afford him no pleasing inspirations unless these
interests, so dear to his heart, are placed be-
yond harm's reach and the danger of possible
competition.
He seems not to suspect that the iron of
Pennsylvania may be made to press too deeply
into the already festering flesh of western farm-
ers and producers, or if such a thought ever
obtrudes itself upon his capacious mind he
seems not to give it a moment's consideration.
So much is he under the influence of these
forges and hammers that even his voice is
strangely tuned to these same rich harmonies,
and his measured utterances upon this floor
almost persuade one to believe that he is in
close proximity to some immense iron manu-
factory, and regaled by the hum of machinery,
the noise of tilting hammers, and theharsh grat-
ing of files. So much has he becomc impressed
with the importance of these pet interests that
lie seems scarcely able to see any others in this
vast country. Such minds, as it seems to me, so
circumscribed and overwhelmed with consider-
ations of local interest, become unsafe guides
in matters of legislation looking toward the
promotion of general interests. It does seem
to me, sir, that we cannot act wisely unless our
legislation is made to compass the interests of
all classes of our great country. We can ignore
no single interest in this country in which our
people are legitimately engaged and be true to
the obligations we owe to the whole people.
Much is said of the importance of these great
manufacturing establishments in the way of de-
veloping national wealth and affording remun-
erative labor to the struggling, toiling masses
of the country. I do not pretend to deny the
importance of these interests; I do not deny,
sir, that they give impulse to every other inter-
est in a very considerable degree; nor do I
deny that they could not be wisely suffered to
languish ; but what I complain of and what
my people complain of is that their demands
are extravagant and burdensome to others,
and that the protection they enjoy, and which
are desired to be perpetuated, are unnecessary
to their efficiency and success, and are dam-
aging to other great interests in this country.
That they may contribute to the general wel-
fare it is not necessary that they should be so
extravagantly protected, nor is it necessary in
order that they may furnish employment to
labor. I know, sir, that these establishments
have put bread into the mouths of many who
toil; but then I know further that no laborers
do more fully earn that bread, and no set of
employes or operatives yield a heavier profit
to their employers, and yet but few of them,
or their children after them, in any event,
whether the profits are large or small, whether
duty is high or low, rise to affluence or ease,
however long and faithfully they may have
toiled ; while their employers, the recipients of
extravagant protection and well-guarded priv-
ileges, become the wealthy aristocracy, the mil-
lionaires of the country, rising up in our midst,
and by the combination of influence and the
controlling power of money too often mold
legislation in the interests of capital, regard-
less of the interests of the toiling millions.
I am, sir, no enemy to manufactories in this
country. On the contrary, I believe they ought
to be fostered and protected as far as is need-
ful, but with such scrupulous care as that by
reason of this protection they shall not become
such extreme and overgrown monopolies as to
dominate other interests equally dear to the
American people and equally vital to the
growth and development of our great country.
In protecting one industry to put bread in the
mouths of laborers we should be careful that
at the same time we may not be found taking
it away from others. Let us see now if some-
thing of this kind does not result from the ex-
cessive duty upon imported iron. In the case
of ship-building we have an illustration in point.
It is well known that the high price of iron
has almost put a stop to this branch of indus-
try in this country.
According to an estimate of the Special Com-
missioner, but for this extravagant duty the sea-
going tonnage that would have been built in the
year 1866, according to the increase from 1827
to 1857, would have been 500,000 tons. De-
duct the amount built in 1867, 50,000 tons, and
we have 450,000 tons; an amount equal to 600
ships of 700 tons each. At the present ratio
in England only about 10 per cent, of these
would have been of wood. But in the con-
struction of those ships an annual force of
about 30,000 men would be required; more than
two and a half times as many as are directly
engaged in the manufacture of pig iron. To
man these COO ships, and to supply them with
chains, canvas, rigging, and other furniture,
would require not less a force than 10,000 men ;
so we may see that this high protection to the
manufacture of pig iron in the interest of
12,500 men directly, or 52,000 men both di-
rectly and indirectly, in 1867 so increased the
cost of iron as to deprive more than 40,000
other men of employment for the same time
in connection with the single industry of the
building, equipment, and sailing of sea-going
vessels; and this estimate does not include the
vessels connected with our inland waters.
Other illustrations equally as pertinent might,
had we time, be brought forward to show con-
clusively that the policy pursued in regard to
the iron interests is such that while it benefits
labor in one direction it becomes oppressive
and burdensome to a far greater extent in
another direction. • Certainly wise legislation
ought to reach this evil and correct it. Such
a vicious system cannot fail to produce wide-
spread discontent, and in time greatly embar-
rass the party that continues, over the protests
of the people, to perpetuate it. I have not the
shadow of a doubt but that the duty on pig iron
could be reduced as low as $3 per ton without
affecting the efficiency of our great iron manu-
factories. It is true, sir, that these establish-
ments might not enjoy the luxury of such hand-
some incomes ; it is true they might not so soon
enrich themselves ; but it is true that their
prosperity and gains would be equally as en-
couraging as the interest they now embarrass,
were the relief afforded to them for which we
plead. Sir, the removal of these burdens from
the thousands of industrious and hardy pro-
ducers is an act of such manifest justice that 1
cannot see how a wise and just Representative
of the people can for a moment oppose it.
Our rural and agricultural interests, now so
heavily tax-burdened, are really the most stu-
pendous upon this continent, and must, from
the very constitution of our soil and climate,
continue to be through all time. And, sir.
our rural population, the most intelligent, the
best educated, and the best established in habits
and morals of any laboring classes upon the
face of the green earth, are really the substra-
tum, if I may so speak, the real foundation ot
