1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3129
ward I soppos®, one of these reformers,
stigmatizing others as not being so much in
favor of reform ns himself.
Mr JUPD. No, sir; I never hare done so.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 do not know what the
gentleman's views in regard to the tariff are,
whether they relate to revenue, protection, or
consumption, except as they have been devel-
oped in his opposition to everything done or
proposed upon this floor in connection with
the bill which is now the special order in Com-
mittee of the Whole; but however the case
m y be with him, I know that such has been
tbc'liabit of the gentlemen opposing this bill
to vote against every proposition that the other
evening when I offered in succession three dif-
ferent amendments reducing the doty upon a
certain form of iron manufacture I found many
of these advocates of low duties voting against
this reduction. What does that mean ? Does
it mean anything except that, no matter what
is in the bill, no matter what is proposed in
reference to the bill, no matter what comes
from the Committee of Ways and Means, there
are those who feel that the committee and its
work are in some manner in their way, and
who desire to clear the way in order that some
more potent genius may with a touch of his
rod make all the interests of the country spring
Bp into prosperity and the whole land bloom
and blossom as the rose ?
Sappose this motion prevails; you set aside
notmerely this special order, but you set aside,
as the gentleman says it is his purpose to do,
the internal tax bill. Why? Because he says
it, is a long bill and can never be acted upon.
This is not the first time that just snch an effort
has been mttie. Yon will remember, Mr.
Speaker, that more than a year ago, in 1868,
when the House had under consideration sub-
stantially this same general tax bill, condens-
ing and codifying all the contradictory and
ambigaous shatter contained in your present
internal tax laws, the House was pressed just
toward the close of its consideration, and when
we were nearly through the bill, to lay itaside
in order that there might be brought in a bill
in relation to spirits and tobacco alone. That
was done. The hitter bill was passed In as
good form as could be given to it when wrested
from its connection with the various adminis-
trative matters contained in the bill; and if any
gentleman will go to the office of the Commis-
'sioner of Internal Revenue, or will consult with
any one informed on this subject, he will find
that while the bill in relation to tobacco and
spirits has resulted in a vast increase of the
revenue of the country, yet millions more of
benefit would have followed if that by-blow had
not been given to the general bill at that time.
No man who understands the subjeet and will
examine in detail the matter of that general
bili will venture to deny that had its provisions
become law there would have been a large
accession to the revenue, which we have lost
by reason of the kind of warfare then adopted.
But along with the tariff bill this bill in rela-
tion to internal taxes is to be set aside. The
gentleman cites what I said in debate on this
subject, and speaks of the length of time it
will require to consider the internal tax bill.
Let me tell the gentleman what the Committee
of Wayg and Means propose in regard to it.
it is now bill No. 1 on your Calendar. It has
been made a special order. We shall reach it
whenever we get through with the special order
now under consideration; and when we do
reach it the Committee of WayB and Means
will have a substitute prepared proposing what
we believe, from our conferences with many
members of the House, will commend itself to
general acceptability; and the more so, because
toe substitute will have the effect of remitting
about thirty million dollars annually of the
taxes now imposed upon the people of the
country. But it does not suit the gentleman,
1 suppose, to have taies reduced, to have any
legislation iu regard to either our internal rev-
enoe or out revenue derived froth itrtfrofls,
unless it be according to his pattefti, and done
under his guidance in some way. It looks
very much like that.
1 do not know it is necessary for roe to pro-
tract this argument. The strength of the House,
if it be a full House, will be shown On the ques-
tion. I come back just to that point trotn
which I started, that 1 cannot understand this,
especially from the givings out which we have
had on the subject, which seem to be whether
gentlemen were parties to the publication or
not, (they say they were not, and I believe
them,) a premonition of what was to be done
or attempted—I cannot regard it as in any
other light than a proposition to set aside your
present Committee of Ways and Means, and
give the management of these matters to some
other gentlemen who volunteer forthe purpose
of taking charge of the interest of the country
in this behalf.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire, sir, if I am per-
mitted 
Mr. SCHENCK. How long doe# the gen*
tleman want, for I do not wish this thing to go
on much longer?
Mr. LOGAN. I want certainly to have an
opportunity at least to reply to the attack of
the gentleman. I wish to know Whether the
gentleman yields to me or not?
Mr. SCHENCK. I was asked by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox} to yield to
him and declined to yield to anybody, so that
if I yield to anybody I mrist first yield to him.
Mr. JUDD- I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his question of order.
Mr. J ODD. I suppose, as the debate is-on
my amendment, that I have the control of the
floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so
recognize the gentleman. He submitted his
motion, made his speech, and took his seat.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] then
took the floor in opposition tathe amendment.
Mr. JUDD. If the gentleman from Ohio
has closcd his remarks 1 will resume the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will close my remarks
at my own good pleasure. I am how hesitat-
ing whether I shall yield, to anybody or call the
previous question.
Mr. JUDD. Before the gert'tlernan calls the
previous qnestion 1 hope he will yield to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 now yield'to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cbi.]
Mr. HO A11, i Is tbis question debalaWfe?
Mr. SCHENCK. I objected to the debate,
but the Chair overruled me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that the
line of debate touching the business of the
Hotise could only be allowed within very nar-
row limits. The gentleman from Ohio did not
further object, but let the gentleman from Illi-
nois make his speech without further interrup-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understood the Chair
to decide that it was debatable.
The SPEAKER. Only within Very narrow
limits.
Mr. SCHENCK. I kept within very Harrow
limits.
The SPEAKER. Hie Chair did Sot fed
called upon to interrupt the gentlemah from
Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope gentlemen will
keep within the same narrow limits.
The SPEAKER. Jf the point be madfe the
Chair will be compelled to decide that the
debate has transcended the rule of tire House.
Mr. COX. With the permission tof the gen-
tleman from Ohio I desire to say a few words.
I wish to get away from here as soon as possi-
ble^ in June or July. I should like to see the
business forwarded, but not at the expense of
the people or of the public welfare. I think
when it concerns the collection of 5180,000,000
by the tariff we ought to lidve the fullest and
largest discassiou poisible. I do not believe
we will shorten the discussion one iota by
adopting this proposition of my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Judd.] His bill, as I hare it before
me, and I have read it carefully, is a bill which
brings upagain fordebate many matters already
debated, and which will increase debate here-
after on matters connected with the revenue, but
not connected with the tariff. I do not speak of
the merits of the bill, but it goes back again to
the question of sugar and tea, to pig iron and
scrap iron. * Whenever we come to the free list,
that will iuvolve the largest discussion con-
nected with the tariff. I do not believe you
will gain a single moment by taking out of the
hands of the Committee of Ways and Means
this tariff bill and putting it into the hands of
these revenue reformers.
Now, so far as I am concerned—I speak only
for myself, and not for other gentlemen in this
House—I have no quart1 el with gentlemen on the
other side of the House as regards their liber-
ality or illiberalit'y. I do not care whether my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. SchencK,] belonging to
the old red sandstone formation of a hundred
thousand years ago, or those gentlemen who
are coming up now, as I hope they are, to the
Democratic idea of political science and polit-
ical economy, shall have charge of this matter.
That is none of toy business. But I want to
see business forwarded in this House. When
the gentleman from Ohio says there are a lot
of insects here nibbling at this bill and killing
it in detail I know he has reference entirely
to his oWn side 6fthe House. I know that he
sometimes likes to aim a blow at our side, but
that blow, I understood,waseSpeciallyintended
for gentlemen on his own side. I fancy there
was no mistake about that.
But if the bill is so vulnerable that even the
little insects the gentleman spoke of—which I
shall not name—can pick it to pieces, item by
item, or atom by atom, and almost consume it
in the face of the country, I think it must be
a very poor measure, not based upon reason,
economy, justice, or equality. I am happy to
see, Sir. Speaker, that the Republican party in
this House is being divided. It is one of the
happiest events in my life to stand here and
see that in that party there art some great-
hearted and generous men who are fighting
these old fossils, such as my old and venerable
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck. ] And I want
the Horisfe and the country to understand that
even a small minority can gniw the net of the
lion; that even the little insect can sometimes
do work which those large bull-dogs cannot
possibly undo.
The gentleman frortt Ohio [Mr. Fchexck]
thought proper last evening to nlake some little
reference to me. It was a second-hand joke
taken from a very bad source, and did no credit
to the gentleman. But I desire to say here before
the country that this matter of correcting the
inequalities of tht tariff does not belong alto-
gether to tKfc gentlemen on the Republican
side of the House. The Democratic party has
something to say about it. We desire, with the
ftidof good and truemen of whatever party, the
men representing sound principles of science
4Wd economy ; we desire, by combining with
any class of men from any quarter, regardless
of party polities, so to reform this tariff, which
takes out of the pockets of the people nearly
$800,000,'000 that never sees the Treasury, as
in the end to do justice to all classes of the
people and break down the present enormous
system of monopoly.
So far as the conduct of the business of the
House is concerned, I agree with the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. SchEnck] in the view he
takfcs-of the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Judd.J It sets aside all the
special orders, the naval appropriation bill,
and the other bills which We have to consider
soon and promptly, with a view to advancing
the public business. The people want reduc-
tion of taxation, and if they do not get itthe Re-
publican party is responsible. General Grant
in his message said he did not w'antus to reduce
the tariff or the internal revenue tax during
this session. The whole aSministt&tio'n of the
