4074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the
amendment by excepting from the operation
of this repealing section section one hundred
and three of the act of June 30, 1864. That
section, as amended by the act of 186G, is as
follows:
And be it further enacted. That every person, firm,
company, or corporation, owning or possessing or
having the care or management of any railroad,
canal, steamboat, ship, barge, eanal-boafe, or other
vessel, or any stage coach or other vehicle, except
hacks or carriiges not running on continuous routes
engaged or employed in the business of transporting
passengers for hire; or in transporting the mails of
the United States upon contracts made prior to
August 1,1866, shall be subject to and pay a tax of
two and one half per ccnt. of the gross receipts from
passengers and mails of such railroad, canal, steam-
boat, ship, barge, canal-boat, or other vessel, or such
stage coach or other vehicle: Provided, That the tax
hereby imposed shall not be assessed upon receipts
for the transportation of persons or mails between
the United States and any foreign port; but sucli
tax shall be assessed upon the transportation of per-
sons from a port within the United States through
a foreign territory to a port withm the United States,
and shall bo assessed upon and collected from per-
sons, firms, companies, or corporations within the
United States, receiving hire or pay for such trans-
portation of persons or mails; and so much of sec-
tion one hundred and nino as requires returns to bo
made of receipts hereby exempted from tax when
derived from transporting property for hire is here-
by repealed: Provided also, Tliatany person or per-
sons, firms, companies, or corporations owning, pos-
sessing, or having the care or management of any
toll-road, ferry, or bridge, authorized by law to
leceive toll for the transit of passengers, beasts, car-
riages, teams, and freight of any description, over
such toll-road, ferry, or bridge, shall he subject to
and pay a tax of three per cent, of the gross amount
of all their receipts ofovery description; but when
the gross receipts of any such bridge or toll-road,
for and during any term of twelvo consecutive
calendar months, shall not exceed the amount neces-
sarily expended during said term to keep sueh
bridgo or road in repair, no tax shall be assessd upon
sueh receipts during tho month next following any
such term: Provided Jurther, That all such persons,
companies, and corporations shall, until tho 30th
day of April, 1887, have tho right to add tho tux
imposed hereby to their rates of fare whenever
their liability thereto may commence, any limita-
tions which may exist by law or by agreement with
any person or company which may have paid or be
liable to pay such faro tothecontrary notwithstand-
ing. And whenever the addition to any fare shall
amount only to theft-action of one cent, any person.or
company, liable to the tax of two and a half pei cent.,
may add to such fare one cent in lieu of such fraction,
and such person or company shall keep for sale at
convenient points tickets in packages of twenty and
multiples of twenty, to tho prico of which only an
amount equal to the revenue tax shall be addod:
Arid provided further. That no tax under tho fore-
going provisions of this section shall be assessed
upon any person, firm, company, or corporation,
whose gross receipts do not exceed $1,000 per annum:
And provided further, That all boats, barges and
Bats not used for carrying passengers, nor propelled
by steam or sails, which are floated or towed by
tug-boats or horses, and used exclusively for carry-
ing coal, oil, minerals, or agricultural products to
market, shall be required hereafter, in lieu of
enrollment fees or tonnage tax. to pay an annual
special tax, for each and every such boatof a capa-
city exceeding twenty-five tons, and not excoedmg
ono hundred tons, five dollars; and when exceeding
one hundred tons, as aforesaid, shall bo required to
pay ten dollars; and-said tax shall bo assessod and
collected as other special taxes provided for in this
act.
It seems to mo this section ought to be
retained, imposing a tax of two and one half
per cent, upon the gross earnings of rail-
road corporations, for that is an exceedingly
equitable tax, one which fell very fairly upon
the entire country. It is a tax, too, which
yields a very considerable amount of rev-
enue, and I 'trust the section will not be re-
pealed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to make this sug-
gestion : the various sections which we propose
to repeal are those which are inconsistent with
the provisions of this bill, and which provide
for taxes which by this bill are dropped. The
proposition of the gentlema- .om Indiana
[Mr. IIolmax] is to except *tum repeal the
section which imposes a tax upon the gross
receipts of railroads. I have no objection to
having a vote taken upon his proposition, ex-
cept that it goes too far. That section one
hundred and three of the act of 1864 has been
considerably modified by subsequent acts of
Congress. He ought to make his proposition
apply to section one hundred and three of the
aet of June 30, 1861, and the amendments to
it in subsequent acts, if ho would have the law
left as it now stands.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is what I want to do.
Mr. SCHENCK. Otherwise the gentleman's
amendment would revive the whole of section
one hundred and three, a great deal of which
has been repealed. I have no objection to a
vote on the gentleman's proposition. I move
the previous question on the section and pend-
ing amendments.
Mr. ALLISON, I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means moves the previous question
upon the section and pending amendments.
As this is the last section of the bill, I wish to
know' what will be the effect of the previous
question with reference to amendments which
gentlemen may yet desire to offer?
The SPEAKER. The previous question will
not cut off amendments in the form of addi-
tional sections; but it will preclude all further
amendments to this section and the preceding
sections.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a parliamentary inquiry. Will the previous
question cut off a motion to strike out the
enacting clause?
The SPEAKER. That motion is notknown
in the House; it is a motion peculiar to the
Committee of the Whole. The motion which
in the House is equivalent to striking out the
enacting clause in Committee of tho Whole is
to lay on the table.
,Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Tho motion was agreed to ; and (at four
o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
^ By Mr. AYER: The petition of John S.
Kirnan, of Matthews county, Virginia, asking
to be paid for property destroyed by the Uni-
ted States gun-boat Crusader, on the 25th day
of June, 1863.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Henry N.
Nichols, and several hundred others, citizens
of Rochester, New York, protesting against an
increase of duties on tobacco and snuff, and
praying for uniform duty on manufactured
lobaceo and snuff.
Also, a petition of citizens of the State of
New York, importers and growers of seeds,
trees, and plants, remonstrating against the pro-
posed duty of thirty per cent, on seeds, plants,
&c., imported for sale.
By Mr. KELLEY: A petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying the repeal of the
income tax.
By Mr. MeNEELY: The petition of E. IT.
Curtis, and 90 others, citizens of Canton, Illi-
nois, asking for the passage of a law fixing thg
tax on all manufactured tobacco and snuff at
sixteen cents per pound.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Mrs. Mary
Davis, mother of Charles B. Davis, late cap-
tain company F sixth Pennsylvania cavalry,
for a pension.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, asking for the repeal of the
income tax.
By Mr. RIDGWAY: A petition of citizens
of Bedford county, Virginia, in favor of a
uniform tax of sixteen cents per pound upon
tobacco.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lynchburg,
Virginia, for the same.
By Mr. TILLMAN : The petition of John II.
O'Neal, of Shelbyville, Bedford county, Ten-
nessee, for removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: A petition of 120
firms of Louisville, Kentucky, praying that the
tax on tobacco may be reduced to a uniform
rate of sixteen cents.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 4, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. (i. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
DISTRICT POLICE COURT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayakd] expects to be absent during the next
week, and desires to be excused from service
upon the committee of conference on the bill
(H. R. No. 38) to establish a police court in
the District of Columbia. If there be no
objection he will be excused, and the Chair
will appoint in his place the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. VlCKEfis.] The Chair hears
no objection, and it is so ordered.
PETITIONS AND ME5IOKIAI.S.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Benton county, Oregon, praying the
removal of the Indians of the Siletz agency to
the Alsea Indian agency; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SCJMNEH. I present the petition of
the harbor commissioners of Massachusetts,
charged with authority, among other things,
to apply to Congress in proper cases for the
protection and improvement of the harbors of
Massachusetts. They set forth a great im-
provement that is about to be made in Mas-
sachusetts by the digging of a canal to unite
what is known as Buzzard's bay with Barn-
stable bay. They ask Congress to provide
means for making a breakwater in Barnstable
bay which shall be at one of the termini of the
canal, I move the reference of this petition to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
William C. Davis, of Prince Edward county,
Virginia; of A. H. Ross, of Augusta county,
Virginia; of William Damron, of Alleghany
county, Virginia ; of E. D. Graham, of Appling
county, Georgia; of D. Newton Van Lear, of
Augusta county, Virginia, and of Alexander
Brown, of Nelson county, Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States ; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of Allen B.
Bowie and P. H. Pendleton, of Port Royal,
Virginia ; of James E. White, of King William
county, Virginia ; of W. E. Gaskins, of Fau-
quier county, Virginia, and of R. H. Garrett,
of Port Royal, Virginia, praying the removal
of their legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Joseph W.
Button, of Culpepper, Virginia, praying that
the name "Joseph W. Britton, of Culpepper
county," in line four hundred and eighty-one,
page 20, of the bill (S. No. 794) to relieve cer-
tain peisons therein named from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes, be changed to
'Joseph W. Button, of Culpepper county;"
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Alexander McAlexander, of Lauderdale coun-
ty, Alabama, praying the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth,
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of S. II.
omith. W, Woodward, jr., Lewis R. Smith,
and B. II. Warren, praying the removal of
their legal and political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
