5018
TIJ1 CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
June 30,
drawal, where such lands were at date of filing,
as aforesaid, subject to disposal under said pre-
emption laws, and who, through erroneous belief
that by such withdrawal the lands so settled
upon and claimed became subject to the desig-
nation of "unoffered" lands, have failed to make
the proof and payment required by law within
one year from the date of alleged settlement,
shall be, and are hereby, allowed and author-
ized to make such proof and payment within
one year from the passage of this act upon
showing a full compliance with all other pro-
visions of the preemption laws ; provided that
such settlements were on even-numbered sec-
tions, and do not include cases declared to be
invalid,by the Commissioner, of the General
Land Office.
Mr. ARNELL. I think some explanation
should bo made of that bill.
Mr. TAFFE. I will give award of explan-
ation in regard to the bill.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. It is not necessary. No
one can object to it.
Mr. TAFFE. 1 can explain the effect of
the bill in half a minute. The settlers here
referred to settled on railroad lands, after they
had been, withdrawn from market. They
thought the lands never had been ottered, and,
thinking they were unofl'ered lands, they failed
to make the. necessary payments within a year.
This enables them to pay within oue year from
the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, mid
passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. [ demand the regular order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am appealed to by at
least twenty gentlemen to allow them to submit
motious, and I ain willing to deal liberally with
them all; only I feel that we must get on with
this funding bill.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called, the gentleman from Ohio must
proceed or surrender the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I cannot yield further.
funding bill.
The SPEAKER. The regular order haying
been called, the House will proceed to consider
the bill (II. It. No. 21G7) reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means to authorize
the refunding and consolidation of the national
debt, and for other purposes ; which has been
ordered by the House shall bo considered by
sections under the five-minutesrnle. The Clerk
will road the bill, after which it will be again
read by sections.
The bill was read.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of Ways
and Means have reported back this bill, which
was recommitted to them, withasingleamend-
ment to come in at the close of section four.
I will ask the consent of the House to consider
that amendment as part of the bill, and they
will then have the bill before them to be con-
sidered by sections, just in the shape in which
the committee desire it to be. The amendment
is designed to correct an ambiguity, and I send
it to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
In section tour strike out in lines seventeen, eight-
een, and nineteen the following: "at any time be-
fore the end 01 the notice provided for in the second
section of this act." And after the word "any," in
line fifteen, add the woid"of;" so that it will read,
"anyofsaid bonds."
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 ask that the section
shall be considered as so amended.
There was no objection.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by sec-
tions; and read the first section, as follows:
Be it enacted bp the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United State* of'Amei ica in Congress assetu-
That the Secretary ot the Treasury is hereby
authoiized to issue, in a sum or sums not exceeding
in the aggregate U,000,000,000, coupon or registered
bonds of the United States, in suoh form as he may
prescribe, and of denominations of fifty dollars or
somo multiple of that sum,redeemable in coin of the
present standard value at the pleasure of the United
States after thirty years from the date of their issue,
and bearing interest payable semi-annually in such
coin at the rate of fourper cent, per annum, which
said bonds and the interest thereon shall be exempt
fromtlie payment of all taxes or duties of the United
States as well as from taxation in an y_ form by or
under State, municipal, or local authority; and the
said bonds shall havo set forth and expressed upon
their face the above specified conditions, and shall,
with their coupons, be made payable att.hoTreasury
of the United States. ISut nothing in thi&act, or in
any other law now in force, shall be construed to
authorize any increase whatever of the bonded debt
of the United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I would have
gladly availed myself, if debate had not been
necessarily limited, of the privilege of express-
ing in the course of half an hour, more or less,
the views of the committee in relation to this
bill, and the objects it seeks to accomplish.
Mr. COBURN. I hope theHouse will grant
unanimous consent to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to continue
bis remarks for half an hour.
Mr. WOOD. 1 shall object, unless others
shall have the same latitude.
Mr. SCHENCK. J do not ask for any ex-
tension of time. I prefer to get on with the
public business. The fact that the remaining
hours of the session are so few, the warm
weather, and still more the attention which,
to a greater or less extent, has been given by
every member to this subject of the public debt
and the public credit, have satisfied me that we
have done a wise thing in limiting the debate
upon the bill to a mere business discussion
under the five-minutes rule. I confine the
explanation 1 make, therefore—necessarily, as
I am limited like others—in the live minutes 1
may have for that purpose, to this section. Arid
this section is really the distinguishing feature
of the bill.
It is a proposition to refund a portion of
the public debt of the country at a very much
lower rate of interest. It is a proposition that
§1,000,000,000 of that debt shall take the form
of bonds, upon which the United States will
agree to pay only four per cent, per annum.
But in order to make those bonds acceptable
to capitalists at home and abroad, further pro-
vision is made that the bonds themselves shall
have a longer time to run, not merely for thirty
years, but thai they shall only be redeemable
after thirty yeais; thus giving them, without
the objections, the advantages which, in a great
degree, attach to a perpetual loan. And it is re-
quired, in order to remove all controversy about
taxation, that the bonds shall provide on their
faces that they are exempt from the payment
of all taxes, such a low rate of interest being
fixed that no tax shall be necessary, and there-
fore that no tax shall be levied. Removing, too,
all question about the character of the motley
in which the payments of the principal and
interest of the bonds are to be paid, by means
of a provision that both the principal and the
interest shall be payable, in coin of the present
standard of value.
Now, if there were time I would gladly give
my reasons for believing, as 1 unquestionably
do—and my belief grows stronger everyday—
that the United States has reached that point
in regard to its great resources, its great means,
and its credit before the world, consequent
upon its ability to pay, which will authorize
the Government to go into the markets of the
world and say that hereafter, when it presents
a bond and asks credit, it is willing to pay
only the low rate of interest here provided. In
the remarks which I made in February of last
year on the bill to strengthen the public credit
1 took occasion to confess that I did not believe
that, after all, there was any great mystery ill
this subject of finance ; that whatever a reason-
able, discreet, prudent, honest mail might and
should do in regard to his own business affairs
it was safe for the Government to do on a
larger scale with regard to that which concerns
its own interests. And I then announced my
belief that, if taking this view of the subject,
the Government would, by punctuality and
promptness, by fair dealings with its creditors,
undertake to establish such character upon its
part for meeting its obligations, whatever t-pey
mi«4it be, there was no reason why the United
States of America should not he able to obtain,
money for as low a rate as, or even at lower
rates than, any other Government in the world.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say a few words
on this subject. .
Mr. SCHENCK. I was about to say, with
this explanation simply as preliminary, limited
to five minutes instead of an hour, that 1 sup-
pose, under the order of the House, we would
now have to consider this_ bill by sections for
amendment as in Committee of the Whole.
My colleague on the Committee of Ways and
Means, the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Blair,] desires to offer an amendment, and
that will give an opportunity to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] to be heard, it
he wishes to oppose that amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to amend section one
by inserting, after the words "payable at the
Treasury of the United States," the following:
The amount of interest specified in each coupon
shall bo expressed in dollars, and the equivalent
thereof in English sterling currency and in Irancs.
Mr. DAVIS. Will .the gentleman permit
me to move an amendment to his amendment
at this time ?
Mr. BLAIR. I will do so.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
havo power, in his discretion, to make the interest
or coupons ol a part of said bonds, not exceeding
4500,000,000, payable in any foreign country, as he shall
deem advisable.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, it will be per-
ceived that the amendment which I have offered
simply raises the question whether the House
will adopt the principle of printing the coupons
011 these bonds in such form that they may be
understood by people in countries where they
may be used. The Committee of Ways and
Means did not include this feature in this bill,
although I have myself always been in favor
of it. I see tio objection to it, and there are
certainly many advantages to be derived from
it. The bonds of this class are to be issued in
sums of fifty dollars and multiples of fifty dol-
lars, and are intended to be offered to the peo-
ple of this country and of all countries that
may desire to purchase them. W e are aware
that these bonds are likely, at least to some
extent, and perhaps quite largely, to be taken
in the European countries, in England, and on
the continent of Europe. It is said, and I think
very properly and truly, that to put these cou-
pons in the form of sterling money, for the
purpose of use in England, and in the form of
francs, for use on the continent, would enable
us to reach all the countries where these bonds
are likely to be negotiated. As I have said, I
see no objection to this, but much to be gained
from it.
As stating the question much better than I
can state it, 1 wish to refer to a well-consid-
ered, and, as I think, very able article upon this
question, which appears iii the Anglo-Amer-
ican Times of May 21, 1870. It refers to the
experience in England with reference to India
bonds. I read from that article:
" Last Saturday India five per cents, sold in Lon-
don at to 311: India lour per cents., at 100t to
101-J-; that is the strongest example of a debt resting
solely oil a foreign Government, which would un-
questionably be repudiated by the people if that Gov-
ernment ceased to i ule, commanding for its fourper
cent, bonds a price above par. There is a curious
circumstance also connected with these Indian bonds
to which we desire to direct Ameiicau attention,
though we formerly pointed it out, the difference
between the bonds of tile Indian Government pa.y-
able in London and of tho^c called 'rupee paper,'
the debt payable, principal and interest, In India.
These bonds, bearing five and a hail' per cent, inter-
est, arc at 109j to 110, while the tour per cents., pay-
able in London, are at lu!, anil the five per cents,,
interest dbbiused at Calcutta, ate at l&S, the <1 titer -
' ence in bonds ni the = i:ee c-'vui.t.y, olleritig the same
