2im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
the dew of heaven is still watering the flowers,
and renders thanks continually all the day for
the blessings of prosperous and smiling peace.
When the twilight comes, after the sun has
gone down-behind tli6:elouds with their tips
of silver and-fringes of gold, then the aged
one, in thankfulness for all the blessings where-
with he is blessed, calls his grandchild, the idol
of his heart, aud to her he says:
"Mix mc, child, a cup divine,
Crystal water, ruby wine;
Weave the frontlet, richly flashing.
O'er my wintry temples blushing;
Mix the brimmer; love and 1
Shall no more the gauntlet try.
Here upon this holy bowl
1 surrender all my soul!"
lie does not drink as a debauchee, but he
drinks as a duty to himself and as a pleasure;
for iu the wine-cup he findss^mwte for man's
failing powers, a tranquilizer for his nerves, a
tranquilizer of his mind. Then he seems to see
and does see the world's panorama, upon which
ho has been all of his life engaged, all unrolled at
once, presenting figures aud beauties he never
taw before. All the events of his life, all the
loved ones gone, ,are presented to his view in
mellow richness, until he sees the great picture
of his mind being rolled to the heavens; when
he is aroused by the parting vision, bids good
night to all, and goes to rest. Happy old age in a
vine-growing and wine-making country ! I am
no advocate of the general system of whisky
drinking practiced by the American people,
but I plead for that pure wine which shall drive
drunkenness from the land.'
I here present an extract from a very able
report recently made by Hon. B. D. Wilson
10 the California senate, of which he is a mem-
ber :
"In order.to get our people to plant vines and
'niter with spirit into tho development of this lead-
in;,p interest of California the General Government
must be induced to pursue a diti'orent policy toward
1 lie grape interests from that which at present pre-
viiih, It must Call away from the vine-grower tho
lynx-eyed tax collector, Avitli his red-tape snare?,
over ready to pounce upon the unwary and seize
and conhscatenot only tho still and machinery and
nop on hand, but even the land whereon tho still
' famU and the house wherein it is located, even
though it be tho homestead, and all this because of
;;ome technical violation ol a law so obscure in its
meaning and so conflicting in its provisions as to bo
beyond tho ordinary comprehension of the humble
wine-maker, and which even the Government official
himself who makes the seizure cannot intelligibly
ovplniii.
"The proscnco of a vineyard greatly adorns and
beautifies tlio surroundings of the homestead, giving
11 a bright and cheerful aspect, which yields a con-
tinual teast of boauty for the eye, and fills the heart
with asenso of quiet happiness andcontcnt, strength-
ening thoiovo of home and the simple enjoyments
of rural life. It is the universal remark of tho
observant travelers through the vinclands of tho
world, that no communities are so contented and
happy and domestic in their tastes and habits, or so
strongly attached to home, kindred, and country as
the dwellers among the vineyards/'
By studying the poems of Hesiod, Aratus,
and Nicander oi' the Greeks, this subject might
bo presented in more beautiful style, .and, by
borrowing from Virgil, I might not only present
the cause of California grape-growers in a bet-
ter and more acceptable manner than I hero
do, but I "have had no time to do these things ;
even it 1 had, it would be impossible to pre-
sent by description the beauties of a white
cottage among the vines of California.
No one can have a conception of the Garden
ot Kdeu without first having seen our orchards
and vineyards in bloom, and then seen them
straining under their delicious burdens of fruit.
Still it would appear !rom our legislation to be
the deliberate intention ot the Congress to turn
these beautiful and happy homes to novels, the
vineyards and orchards into desolate wastes,
it is tho hope of all who love California, not-
withstanding tho hostility of the Committee of
Ways and Means, yet to see every farmer in
the State devote a portion of his land to tho
growing of vines. The very nature of our soil
and climate invites the farmer to do so, until
all were beginning to divide their grounds into
vineyards, orchards, and grain fields. But
finally the farmer was notified that Congress
had passed a law absolutely forbidding him to
receive "any benefit from his grapes or other
fruits over what he could eat. To be profit-
able he must make liis grapes into wine and
brandy; first pressing the grapes, reserving
the best juices for wine, and distilling the re-
mainder with«*he pulp and refuse matter into
brandy. Under existing laws this cannot be
done unless the farmer can run a still day and
night during the entire fruit season, and I doubt
if it could be done then. A farmer with a
vineyard and orchard sufficiently large to enable
him to make 600 gallons of wine and 300 gal-
lons of brandy cannot under the present regu-
lations make any at all.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman's argument, but I woulu like to
ask him what tax we impose on the manufac-
turers of wine ? I was not aware that any tax
was imposed on its manufacture. On the
contrary, I recollect very well we especially
exempted California wines from evevy tax.
Mr. JOHNSON. California wines were
exempted, but distillers of wine are subject to
all the vexations that can possibly be imposed
on them by ininous and vexations laws.
Mr. ALLISON. Distillers of brandy?
Mr. JOHNSON. Distillers of brandy from
wine, from grapes, as well as other fruits.
Mr. ALLISON. That is a very different
thing.
Mr. JOHNSON. The expenses and red
tape are so heavy and vexatious as to drive
from the farmer this right of profit; to deprive
him of the certainty of thrift, which lies in this
branch of industry. But for tho unfriendliness
of the laws the farmer with his little still on
the farm, out under a shed or under a tent,
might get from his fruit more than enough to
shoe and cloth his family, buy groceries, pay
his blaeksmithing, replenish the gears for his
teams, might in fact supply all his needs. But
the heavy exactions, the cruel extortion of the
present laws compel him to haul his fruit to
the great central distillery, where there is one,
and there to receive whatever may be offered.
l!ut capital will only erect a distillery in the
heavy vine-growing districts, so those who are
isolated, those who are at a distance, those
who produce but little can get nothing; their
fruits must rot in the fields. I will say nothing
of the advantages of having a still on the farm
in the way of fattening hogs and cattle. Those
advantages will occur to all who know anything
of our kind of farming. But to-day not one
ot the farmers in our State is running a still,
so far as [ know; and this has been deliber-
ately brought about by the present Committee
ot Ways and Means. I recollect in the last
Congress this question was under discussion
when the distinguished chairman of the com-
mittee, in answer to my appeals in behalf of
the small farmer, stated distinctly that these
small distilleries must bo closed up; that it
cost too much to collect the revenue from
them. I became excited, I recollect, and
stated that Congress had no right to prevent
any citizen or class of citizens from pursuing
any business that any other citizen or class of
citizens might pursue. The good-natured and
kind-hearted chairman, who certainly has al-
ways treated me well, simply laughed at me,
and my amendment to the tax bill fell crushed
by a laugh and buried in a stnile, as many good
things have been before.
If it be to get money for the Treasury, and
that alone, that, the distinguished gentleman is
selected as chairman of his committee, then I
believe him the best selection in the world.
But it is impossible for him to be a cross-eyed
man; he hates them ; he abominates them ; he
looks_ but one way. It is utterly out of the
question for him to give one eye to the Treasury
and the other to the people, both in friendship.'
In the gentleman's zealous efforts to raise the
credit of the Government he has lost sight of
the interests of the people, and is breaking
down and ruining the best industry of Califor-
nia. Some one long ago intimated that, the
service of Mammon is the service of the devii,
I hope not. It was also long ago intimated
that the voice of the people is the voice of God.
Hardly possible now. True, the means used
for the oppression of the people in wringing
the last pittance from them and leaving them
with their industries destroyed is most hellish
indeed.- But if the voice of the people be the
voice of God then the fearful imprecations of
an outraged people would have sent many dis-
tinguished Senators and members to the lower
regions long ago.
i must say a word upon the tariff before I
close, as that is the question under discussion.
But before doing so I wish to denounce the
present internal revenue laws as being very
unjust indeed.
How can I denounce those laws in a man-
ner becoming those who passed them without
being harsh? However, I may say with per-
fect propriety that the present revenue laws
are considered infamous by all honest men.
Having said this by the courtesy of tho House,
let me see what the committee would do with
California, and for how much, under the pres-
ent bill.
Wines and brandy are luxuries which can
pay afair duty without beingfelt by the masses.
In our present financial condition the importa-
tion of articles of prime necessity should pay
as little as possible, as little as may be abso-
lutely required, and our revenue should be
collected from luxuries. But to the point.
The present tariff on wines and brandies hurts
no one; no one has or will complain of it; but
it gives the California farmer incidental pro-
tection, which but for the internal revenue
laws would enable him to compete with the bal-
ance of the world, and finally drive every com-
petitor from our markets. Then why do the
committee desire to reduce it?
The duty on brandy and spirits, whicli has never been
complained of, for 1869 paid : Si,600,490
That on wines paid  4,880,788
Total duty for 1809  Si,-193,^78
That proposed on brandy and
spirits  S3,350,720
And that on wines will be  3,753,37o
 r-*- 7,101,090
Showing a balance of.    $2,3S9,182
in favor of the law as now existing. No one
has asked for this reduction or complained
of the present law; then, why throw away
$2,889,182? It simply takes that protection,
that much money, from California without
doing any one any good. This reduction does
not affect any other portion of our country i:i
any way, nor is it demanded; but as it does
affect. California, without benefiting a.ny sec
tion, it should not be made.
Just why this reduction is recommended is
to be explained hereafter. So far it has not
been even alluded to by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. It would lie
better to take the advice of the President, and
let this question alone if we cannot reduce the
tariff on articles of prime necessity and reduce
the taxes to a living rate. The President says:
"Thosubject of tho tariff and internal taxation
will necessarily rceeivo your attention. The rev-
enues of the country aio greater than the require-
ments, a,ml may with sai'ety bo reduced. But aa tho
funding of the debt in u4ora-i] percent, loan'would
reduce annual current expenses largely, thus, after
funding, justifying a greater reduction of taxation
than would now be expedient, I suggest postpone-
ment of this question until the next meeting of Con-
gress."
Ihatisnot bad. AVe now collect much more
than wo need ; but we had better let the ques-
tion alone, he thinks, for the time is near at
hand when our surplus will be much larger.
No one would complain of a general reduction
ot the tariff, for'such reduction would benefit,
tho whole country ; but the reduction proposed
on wines and brandy can do no general good,
and it will work great injury to the grape in-
terests of California. Unfortunately for Cal-
ifornia the internal revenue laws amount, almost
to a prohibition on distillation in that State.
If the present restrictions were removed the
revenues of-fhe whole country would be hvs
