3130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
revenue ty the Republican party has been a
signal failure. It was to-day confessed to be
so by the gentleman from Illinois, and it will
be so confessed before this discussion is over
by every candid-minded gentleman here,
Mr. MAYNAUD. I desire to know if the |
gentleman is in order.
Mr. COX. 1 have finished all I wished to
say.
Mr. MAYN ARD. I give notice that I shall
insist on the Chair keeping gentlemen within
the rules of order.
Mr. LOGAN. I desiro to occupy the time
of the House bnt for a very few- moments.
In doing so I do not wish to enter into contro-
versy with any gentleman, and certainly not
with the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. Bat I mast say that I was very
much astonished at some of the language used
by that gentleman. I was very much surprised
that he, the leader of the House, the chairman
of the principal and leading committee, a court-
eous gentleman, or who at least, from his posi-
tion, ought to be courteous, that he should get
up in this House and call his colleagues—men
that have served with him in this House, men
that have served with him on the same com-
mittee, men as honest as himself, men as gen-
tle and kind as he is, men who by no act or
vote of theirs have given any one the right to
use such language with reference to them—that
because his bill has been opposed fairly, not
ungenerously, by the promptings of honest
hearts and fair judgments, in order to procure
a reduction of the taxes pressing upon the
people of the country—that merely because
they desire to represent their constituents hon-
estly and fairly and properly, under the Con-
stitution of oar glorious country, which guar-
anties to every man the right to jndge for him-
self. and to every Representative to determine
how he shall best represent his constituents—
I say I am very much surprised that if gen-
tlemen, in the discharge of their duty and the
exercise of their judgment, think it right to
oppose any section of this bill or to oppose it
in toto the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means should feel himself warranted
to apply to them the appellation or the epithet
of nibblers and pismires. I ask, was there
ever so nnkind, was there ever bo ungener-
ous, was there ever so uncalled for an attack
emanating from an honest brain and an honest
heart in any deliberative body on the top of
God's earth as this unseemly and improper
attack made here by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways ana Means?
Now, so far as he has taken pains to read
from a journal that I never read, and call my
name in connection with others as intending
to destroy this bill and introduce another bill,
to do what is now being done, as he seems to
claim, I say to him here in my place, as I
said a moment ago, that I have never read the
bill of my colleague from Chicago, [Mr. J odd.]
He asked me no longer ago than yesterday to
read it, but I have not yet done it. I had no
knowledge that he was going to make the mo-
tion that he has made. I never had any con-
sultation with him, or with the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] who ib mentioned, or
with any other of the gentlemen mentioned in
that journal, in reference to our action in this
House on the subject of this bill or any other
bill. But when 1 had told him that the para-
graph was untrue, he still persisted in attempt-
ing to read it before the House, in order to try
to call down the indignation of the House and
of bis own party, to which I also belong, upon
those of ns who have had the independence
here to oppose that which we believe to be
oppressive upon our constituents and npon the
people of this country.
Now, sir, let me say this: if attacks of this
kind are to be made upon men inside of your
own party because they attempt to legislate so
as to secure the greatest benefit to their con-
stituents; if we are to be denounced as ob-
structing measures beneficial to the country,
then all I have to say is this: that whether I
am denounced by the gentleman or not, whether
I am denounced by the Committee of Ways
and Means or not, I do not care. I do not
claim to know very much; I do not claim or
desire to dictate to the House, or to the gentle-
man, or to anybody else. I never have assumed
^ny prerogative in this House more than that
whicn belongs to me under the rules, nor do I
desire to do so; but so long as the Supreme
Ruler of all things gives me a heart and mind
to reflect and feel and thiuk for myself I will
think and act for myself, without any dicta-
tion from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, or anybody else in this House.
I am acting here for my constituents. I have
opposed the bill of the Committee of Ways and
Means, so far as it relates to iron, in connection
with others, paragraph by paragraph, because
I believe the bill is a monstrosity. I believe
it is an atrocity, not intentionally so far as the
committee is concerned; but I believe they have
been deceived by men who understand the
machinery of wire-making and all these things
better perhaps than they do themselves. I be-
lieve that they have been deceived, and that in-
stead of a reduction of $20,000,000 in the bur-
dens of the people the effect of this bill, if it
shall pass, will De to prohibit the importation
of many of these articles, and to increase in-
stead of reduce the taxes upon the people.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, if there has
not been a mountain made out of a mole-hill,
there certaiuljr has out of an ant-hill. [Laugh-
ter.] There is nobody in this House upon
either side, there is nobody anywhere that has
watched the progress of the tariff bill through
the Committee of the Whole, who does not
know that peculiarly and beyond, perhaps, the
manifestation of hostility and attack upon any
other measure in this or almost any former
Congress, it has been fought inch by inch, step
by step, line by line, word by word, persist-
ently, with heavy attacks and light attacks—
and most frequently light, [laughter]—with a
view apparently to make all this defeat the
bill by dilatory practices. Now, sir, I defy a
denial of that. 1 do not undertake to say what
gentlemen's purposes were. But I say that is
the way in which the bill has been dealt with,
and dealt with all the way through.
Well, sir, in the course of a description of that
there happened to occur to my mind, while I
was talking, an exemplification of it. In say-
ing what I did, that if its epitaph were written
it might be said to have been nibbled to death
by pismires, I did not men to call these gen-
tlemen pismires, [laughter,] or suppose that
their residence was an ant-hill; but I meant
by what was, perhaps, a coarse and unbe-
coming figure—the gentleman from Illinois
says it was—to describe the character of the
warfare to which we who are supporting the
bill, and the bill itself, have been subjected.
I might have made use of another western
phrase, which perhaps would have better
pleased the gentleman; I might have said
" kicked to death by grasshoppers." [Great
langhter.1 ' I have often heard that phrase
employed in the West in order to exemplify
and describe a slow death by persistent attacks.
But I would not have intended in that case,
any more than in the other case, to make such
insects of any of the gentlemen. Much of the
argument upon this bill has been fair, open,
clear, intelligent. Much of it has been, as I
believe, not so much for the sake of arguing
the particular question under consideration, as
with the view, by dilatory proceedings and
continual annoyance, to delay action upon the
bill, and thus to wear out the patience of its
supporters, of this House, and of the country.
That I have believed; that I believe now,
whether I am right or wrong in the convic-
tion. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
complains that I referred to a paper which was
put into my hands for the first time after this
discussion commenced.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state the reason why
I asked the gentleman the question, and 1 am
sure he will allow me to do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, I suppose bo.
Mr. LOGAN. If it was Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusetts, who handed him the paper, I
will only say that Mr. Hoopek brought that
paper to Mr. Allison and myself this morn-
ing, and showed us the article which has been
referred to. And we both assured him most
positively that it was false from beginning to
eud.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman cries out
before he is hurt, either by the paper or by me.
Air. LOGAN. Oh, yes.
Mr. SCHENCK. landing this movement
made, and seeing what seemed to be a pre-
monition of the movement, a prefiguration of
it, a preparation for it, it was but natural I
should put the two together, as I did the mo-
ment I cast my eye upon the paper. I heard
no remark made about the paper. I did not
know it had been shown to anybody else, and
I had never seen it before. When 1 was inter-
rupted iu reading an extract from that paper I
was not saying that there was any combination
on the part of the gentlemen there named.
They are not charged with anything of the kind
in the paper. Therefore I say the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] cries out before he is
hurt. The paper speaks of the propriety of a
movement of this kind, in order to take the
business of the House out of the hands of the
Committee of Ways and Means, or of certain
members of that committee who are named by
the editor, in order to do what? Not to give
it to a combination of members of this House,
but to put it in the hands of other gentlemen,
whom the editor names as tariff reformers, and
whom it would seem the editor desires to have
charge of it rather than some of the rest of ub.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to.correct a state-
ment I made. Upon talking with Mr. Hooper,
I understand that Mr. Allison was not pres-
ent when he showed the paper to me; so that,
so far as that is concerned, I will correct my
statement. I was sitting here when,the paper
was shown to me, and some gentleman was
present.
Mr. JUDD. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me, before 
Mr. SCHENCK. I will finish my own re-
marks first. I would have gladly said, if those
gentlemen had permitted me, something about
my own position in regard to the tariff. I aol
not of those who are called high protective
tariff men. I have my own views in regard to
a reduction of the present tariff, and this bill
if fairly considered shows what those views
are. As it was first introduced this bill abates
$23,000,000 of the present duties.
Mr. ALLISON. I raise the point that the
gentlemau is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Judd] was permitted to express his
views of the tariff, and I am not to be allowed
to state mine. Very well; I will let it go then.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a minute?
Mr. SCHENCK. How much time have I
remaining?
| The SPEAKER. There are two minutes of
the hour remaining.
1 Mr. BECK. I do not want but a minute
1 or two.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield to the gen-
tleman.
j Mr. BECK. While I am opposed to the
! tariff bill now before the House paragraph by
! paragraph, with very few exceptions, I am
I very much opposed to the motion of the gen-
I tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd,] because if
1 it should be adopted I believe it would be a
confession by the members of this House, and
the country would so regard it, that we have
not capacity enough to understand this bill bv
detail, if we give it up as now proposed. If
we take the bill out of the hands of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means we shall be de-
prived of the opportunity which we now enjoy
