1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Mr. HALDEMAN. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. BANKS. I renew it pro forma. I can
understand very well that there may be collec-
tions of documents in the Library which would
be objectionable to particular persons. I could
make such objections myself, and doubtless
every other man who has been active in the
recent history of the country would find some-
thing in the Library not acceptable to him,
and which he would not desire to see there;
but to exclude upon that ground the current
pamphlet literature of the age would be to
shut out from the Library almost everything
that makes it valuable. This great question
of the reconstruction of our Government,
the history which led to the rebellion, is to be
found mainly in the pamphlet literature of the
day; more even than in the newspaper litera-
ture. Pamphlets have in all ages of the his-
tory of nations been made the receptacles of
the facts collected and collated by the very
best, minds of every nation. The reason for it
is obvious: that those who are employed to
edit the journals of the country have not at all
times the particular information and the espe-
cial interest'in a subject which is necessary to
enable them to obtain all the facts of the case
and to spread them before the world in the
best form. It is left 10 those who are inter-
ested and who have the facts to give to the
world a full and clear statement of their views,
which is generally done by means of pamphlets.
Macaulav's History of England is based almost
entirely upon, and its value consists almost
entirely of the information he obtained from
pamphlets in the libraries of Great Britain,
which were inaccessible to most people, and
which, I might say, were unknown to almost
everybody but himself. And if we look to the
history ot reconstruction, to the facts connected
with the course of those engaged in it, we will
find them only in the current literature of the
day. Now, if we go to excluding from the
public Library everything that can be con-
strued in any way as a personal attack upon
members of Congress or officers of the Gov-
ernment we might on the same ground exclude
the Congressional Globe. Although I do not
know that there are any statements published
in the Globe that may be regarded as personal
in their character, yet some persons may so
consider them. For aught I know some of my
colleagues may wish it excluded from the Con-
gressional Library on that account. I hope
no censare will be indirectly or directly passed
upon the Librarian of Congress for the course
he has pursued. It is unnecessary for me to
say anything in his praise. Every member of
this House will testify to his great capacity and
assiduity in the discharge of his duties as Libra-
rian. If we were to command him not to
accept these documents, not even to search for
them and obtain them even at great cost, we
should be doing injustice to our country. I
have thought it but just to the Librarian to
express these views npon this subject.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say that I agree
entirely with my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Haldeman] that the present Librarian of Con-
fress is an exceedingly efficient officer, and that
e is probably more proficient in the duties
imposed upon him than, perhaps, almost any
other man in the country. I also agree with
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Palmer] in
reference to the high character and standing of
the members of the Committee on the Library.
But I would remind members here that in my
remarks I implied no censure either upon the
Librarian of Congress or upon the Committee
on the Library. I stated that there was an
abuse in connection with the Library of Con-
gress. I also stated that I did not know who
was responsible for it, whether it was in the
law itself or in the manner in which the law
was executed. I take issue with gentlemen
who have spoken upon this question, and espe-
cially with the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] when he declares that it is the
duty of the Librarian of Congress to place on
file in the Library a copy of everything pub-
lished in the United States. If gentlemen will
but follow out the logical results of that doc-
trine they will see to what conclusions it will
bring them.
There is probably no member of this House
who has not gone through the heat of a polit-
ical canvass. There is no member of this Con-
gress who, during his political career, has not
been maligned, if not by newspapers, then by
what is far worse, by the anonymous publica-
tion of false declarations and defamations of
his character. Now, according to the doctrine
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] ifyou, Mr. Chairman, or if the Speaker
of this House, or any member upon this floor
has had his character defamed by the invention
of some base falsehood, which was published
anonymously throughout his district—a publi-
cation without paternity, without authenticity,
with no truth in it, a wholesale fabrication of
falsehoods—then, forsooth, the Librarian of
Congress should receive that publication, if it
be sent to him, and put it on file in the Library
of this nation, thereto remain, not for the bene-
fit of truth and history, but to gratify the spleen
and malevolence of some political opponent
or some personal enemy; to remain there not
only to blacken his character daring his life-
time, but to descend to the latest posterity.
When the answer to the falsehood has ceased
to be remembered; when the record which
gives the lie to these attacks has been destroyed,
the falsehood and the calumnies may go down
to posterity to be read by our children and our
children's children, when the proper and the
sufficient answer is not at hand.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I agree in a
great measure with what the gentleman from
New York has said, but I wish to ask him, as
a practical question in legislation, how can we
cure the evil ?
Mr. WOOD. I will tell the gentleman how
it can be cured. I have sought the attention
of the House for the purpose of directing the
minds of members to the remedy, which I
think can be very easily applied.
Mr. DAWES. I think I must rise to a point
of order. This debate is not pertinent to the
amendment. I dislike to interfere with the
gentleman's remarks.
Mr. WOOD. I have moved to reduce the
amount of this item from $8,000 to $7,000,
and I am giving to the committee the reason
why the amendment should be adopted. I
submit that my remarks are strictly in order,
and pertinent to the question before the com-
mittee.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am asked to state the
remedy for this evil. It is very easy. I am
not familiar with the law under which the
Librarian receives copies of every copyright
work, but I assume that under that law he
certainly is not justified in receiving publica-
tions not copyrighted; and that in the exer-
cise of a sound discretion 
Mr. DAWES. I am compelled to insist on
my point of order.
Mr. WOOD. Very well; I yield to the wish
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. I am
not permitted to answer the question of my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] as I would
like to do. I withdraw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
The question is on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Haldeman.]
Mr. HALDEMAN. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For purchase of files of periodicals and news-
papers, $1,500.
Mr. POTTER. I move to ^mend by striking
out the paragraph just read. I wish to submit
a suggestion which seems to me important in
regard to the disposition made of periodicals
and newspapers in the Congressional Library.
As I understand, the Library is constantly
receiving a large number 6f valuable period-
icals, magazines, reviews, &c., ns well as cur-
rent newspapers. These publications, instead
of being kept in such a way as to be accessible
as soon as received, are put aside by the Libra-
rian until a sufficient number of cach publica-
tion has accumulated to be bound into volumes
in which form they are placed in the Library
for general use. Now, I presume that we have
in this Capitol sufficient room to allow the as-
signment of some place as a reading-room, in
which access could be had from day to day to
these periodicals. If they are worth taking at
all—and I conceive that scarcely anything
going into the Library is_ more valuable than
many of the foreign reviews—it seems to me
that they are worth being kept in an accessible
form, where they can be referred to as we may
desire from time to time. Under the system
now prevailing the value of these publications
is, it appears to me, almost entirely lost. For
this reason I have desired to suggest whether,
under this appropriation, there cannot be made
without additional expense some provision by
which these periodicals shall be made useful
to the greatest possible extent. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I agree entirely with the re-
marks just made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter,] and I am glad that he has
called attention to this matter. I trust that the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and the Committee on the Library, may take
note of what has been said, and may make pro-
vision for a room where these periodicals can
be made available for general use as rapidly
as they may be received. Probably no publi-
cations received by the Library are more val-
uable than these magazines and reviews.
Mr. MAYNAR.D. I move to amend by
striking out the last word. I make this motion
for the purpose of saying that I hope the prop-
osition stated by the gentleman from New
York will not prevail. The object of this ap-
propriation is not to establish a reading-room
to afford facilities for reading the current liter-
ature of the day. The purpose is to make per-
manent additions to the Library of the current
literature bound in volumes for future refer-
ence. For example, it is not to furnish any-
body with the Tribune or the New York Herald
newspaper for reading from day to day, but
it is to put these publications in the form of
volumes, so that they shall be kept here for
reference ten, fifteen, or fifty years from this
time. That is the object of these papers ; but
to establish a reading-room, as contemplated
by my friend from New York, would be some-
thing entirely other and different. And, sir, I
am not prepared to say, by any means, that I
will not go with him for providing for such an
establishment, but this was not intended, and
does not contemplate any such thing.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, 1 have not
suggested the establishment of a reading-room
merely for the purpose of having easy access
to the Herald or Tribune or the other New
York daily papers, for I take it that those who
may wish to consult them can find much more
convenient means of doing so than to resort
to the Library of Congress for that purpose.
But, sir, I am unacquainted with any large
public library in this or any other country in
which the reviews and the monthly and tri-
monthly publications, before being bound up,
are not spread out upon suitable tables so that
the persons connected with those libraries can
have access to them immediately upon their
appearance, when they are fresh and much
sought after. This practice does not interfere
with their value when they are bound up in
volumes, while at the same time it gives us the
benefit of reading them at once, and not being
compelled to wait until they are bound up,
before which time they will, of course, be pro-
cured in a different way.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to suggest to
the gentleman from New York that allowing
the papers to be used before being bound up
will cause many of them to be worn oat. Take,
