1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2187
ened but little within the next five years, and
after that time California could and would sup-
ply the world with wines and fine brandies.
In spite of the unfriendliness of the Federal
laws California had in 1868, in full bearing,
2,182,224 apple trees; 795,394 peach trees;
348,736 pear trees; 170,334 plum trees; 96,034
cherry trees; 25,728 nectarine trees; 44,350
quince trees; 01,114 apricot trees; 40,819 fig
trees; 5,280 lemon trees; 30,569 orange trees;
18,940 olive trees; 8,569 prune trees; 374,125
mulberry trees; 32,400 almond trees; 25,888
walnut trees; 224,480 gooseberry bushes;
1,024,412 raspberry bushes; 18,262,288 straw-
berry vines; 22,402,580 grape vines. From
all this we made but 2,587,761 gallons of wine
and 257,333 gallons of brandy, when but for
the internal revenue laws we would have made
nearly three times that amount. 1 suppose
that no more, perhaps not as much, was made
in 1869 as in 1808. In addition to the injury
sustained in the respect indicated we have suf-
fered much from the neglect of farmers to care
for their young vineyards and orchards. In
fact, unless there are some changes made in
the laws now existing, our farmers must give
up fruit growing entirely; must abandon an
interest which in fifteen years would bo first in
importance in the commerce of our country.
When the farmer finds the law-makers of the
Itepublic hostile to grape culture he will hardly
waste his time and money in that business
solely for the purpose of adorning his home.
No, sir, tho farmer cannot afford it; it costs
too much. Though ho might travel with tho
honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] from Grenada to Malaga, through tho
Sierras, Arcadia," singing—
".Towel of tho mountain rim;.
City of porpctual spring,"
yet even under the inspiration caused by the
fascination of" Winter Sunbeams" the farmer
can not raise grapes simply for tho addition of
l heir beauty to his home. The fanner might
go to Malaga with my friend and sit with him
on tho cool verandas of that undent city, with
its vineyards above pouring out their ruby tears
of joy because their beauty waswritten in "Win-
ter Sunbeams," yet ho cannot plant grapes
in California for her greatness when it must
inevitably prove his ruiu. The farmer may
drink the pure amber juices—tho (ear-drops of
the gods—with my friend as they travel along
gathering sunbeams from tho high vineyards of
Malaga to tho lovely vega of Grenada; from
" the glorious Alcazar of Seville to the many-
pillared mosque of Cordova ; from the I'llysiuni
of Valencia to the Sahara of Maneha; " yet ho
eannot grow grapes if by so doing he brings cer-
tain ruin upon himself. If some one should
hereafter ascertain the meaning of the words,
"But 1 say unto you, Iwillnot drink henceforth
of this fruit of the vino until that day when i
drink it new with you in my Father's king-
dom," and it should come to light that wine is
among the best of good things, yet we must go
abroad for it, our farmers being crushed.
Mr. McUOEMICK, of Missouri. Mr. Chair-
man, tariff being a tax upon commerce, which
tends to restrict it in proportion to tho amount
of taxation imposed, it may be well to consider
the origin of commerce and its influence upon
society, in order to judge of the propriety of
such taxation and the extent, to which it should
be carried. It may be remarked that each
country has certain products in greater quan-
tities than are required by tho wants of its own
inhabitants, while it is deficient in others found
in abundance elsewhere. These circumstances
have given rise to commerce, whereby one
nation of its abundance supplies the wants of
another, and conversely. Commerce thus es-
tablished produces important benefits besides
those immediately resultingfrom the exchange
of products. By means of this the people ot'
one country are enabled to avail themselves of
the experience, improvement, and learning of
others. It also promotes agriculture, by plant-
ing the products peculiar to one country in the
soil of another and finding for its staple a
remunerative market. It also fosters manu-
facture, by supplying to it the raw material in
exchange for its manufactured productions at
prices which insure prosperity and encourage
enterprise. It facilitates its own operations by
stimulating to improvements in navigation, the
building of vessels, and the construction of
railroads and canals.
These important industries being fostered
by commerce furnish remunerative wages to
honest industry, thus tending to lessen crime
and poverty, • the ever-attending evils of an
unemployed populace. Nor is this alt. The
international friendship resulting from com-
merce tends to lessen tlie frequency and shorten
tho duration of war. It is thus that commerce
not only advances the material interest of a
country, hut the civilization and moral well-
being of mankind. Such being the advantages
of commerce, some have supposed itshould be
absolutely free. There are, however, important
reasons why an equitable tariff should lie im
posed upon commerce for the purpose of rev-
enue. Itshould bo bornein mindtliatcommeree
is an exposed offspring of government, which
requires for its protection a well-appointed
Navy, and it would seem but just that it should
contribute something to its own defense. Tho
adaptation of commerce to furnish revenue
with the least inconvenience to tho people has
heen demonstrated by the experience of ages.
Tho propriety of a tarill' has not been so much
questioned ; it is the adjustment of tariff which
has given rise to a difference of opinions among
enlightened statesmen of this and other coun-
tries.
The advantage of collecting revenue by a
system ol' tariffs has been well illustrated in our
own country during the few last years. From
April, 1865, to June, 1869, there was collected
from internal revenue $'.167,207,221 11, and
from customs, ingold, $729,91)1,875 'J7. This
vast amount has been collected in small install-
ments upon almost every article purchased by
the people; every cigar consumed, every glass
of spirits drank, every pound of groceries or
yard of cloth obtained, has contributed a few
cents to the revenue. This has been paid by
the consumer with comparatively little com-
plaint, because lie received a valuable consid-
eration at the time be parted with his money.
'J'lie sameamountof revenue levied in the form
of a direct tax would most likely have required
an army to enforce its collection. While I am
free to admit a just tariff is a wise system of
revenue, I do not hesitate to assort that I know
of no system of taxation more unjust and op-
pressive to the people than is a protective or
prohibitory tariff. It is a system by which
honestcompetilion isstifled, by which one class
of industry is made tributary to another, and
by which tho poor are taxed for the benefit of
the rich.
To bo convincedthatsuehaturiffnowuflliets
tho American people we only have to glance
at tho law regulating impost duties. Let us
take tho artielo of iron, a commodity indis-
pensable to civilization,and for which the Ameri-
can people pay more thauany otlicrnation upon
earth, and yet in this country the ore3 of iron,
and coal suited to itu manufacture, are cheaper
and more abundant than in any other country,
as are also provisions necessary to subsist labor
in its production. These exorbitant prices
are owing to our present, rates of tariff, wliieh
enables the iron-manufacturer to add to his
exuberant wealth by extorting an almost fabu-
lous price for his productions. Nor does the
present bill contemplate relief from this unjust
and oppressive system exceptin a few articles,
which is more than compensated for by an
increase on others.
This bill provides a tax in gold of §7 per ton
tra pig-irou; on iron in slabs, blooms, loops,
and rails, $20 per ton; on bar-iron, $25 per
ton; on sheet-iron, $35 per ton; on horse-
shoes, $40 per ton ; and on chains, from $50
to $100 per ton, The duties on steel are about
in proportion to those on iron, being $65 per
ton on cast steel in bars, blooms, and ingots,
and from $80 to §120 per ton on steel in the
form of wire or other forms. This system of
tariff has increased the cost of steel and iron
to the people of tho United States many mil-
lions, while it has produced but little revenue
to the Government, from the fact that foreign
manufacturers could not pay the enormous duty
imposed by our laws. It is strictly a protective
tariff which enriches the American manufac-
turer by impoverishing the American people. Is
this just? Should the blacksmith, the farmer,
and in short, all who use iron, be compelled
to contribute of their earnings to enrich others?
This is just what has been done, and is pro-
posed to be continued by the provisions of this
bill. On tho articles of cotton and woolen
goods the same system is strictly adhered to.
A duty of 5 cents per yard is imposed upon
unbleached cotton cloth, and 10 per cent, ad
valorem additional on bleached goods; on
prints, 5 cents per yard and 20 per cent, ad
valorem; on knit goods, 35 per cent, ad valo-
rem, and on spun yarn 40 per cent, acl valo-
rem ; on wooleu flannels, blankets, knit goods,
hats, and spun yarn, from 20 to 50 cents
per pound, varied according to quality, and in
addition thereto 35 per cent, ad valorem; on
wearing apparel of every description, com-
posed in whole or in part of wool, 50 cents pet-
pound, mid in addition thereto 45 per cent, ad
valorem.
These rates of duty imposed on dry-goods
strictly accord with those of steel and iron.
They will drive competition from our market
and enrich the manufacturers by impoverishing
the people. If such a system of tariff is just
to our people, or productive of revenue to our
Government, I confess 1 cannot see it. It is
simply a scheme to make the rich richer and
the poor poorer.
Take another illustration. This bill provides
a duty of 2 cents per pound on raw sugar and
3 cents per pound on sugar refined. This slight
variation will enable the few Aaierican sugar
relitiers to sell their product at an advance of
I cent in the pound above a fair competing
price. One cent on a pound of sugar is a small
amount, but when applied to 430,000 tons, the
amount yearly imported into the United States,
I will be pardoned for supposing the business
of refining sugar will pay well.
These rales of tariff on articles I have men-
tioned arc a fair illustration of this bill, and
this bill is a fair illustration of our tariff sys-
tem. During the last year $144,000,000 in gold
were collected from impost duties, all of which
were finally paid by the people in the purchase
of their goods. But while the Government
received this amount of revenue under out-
present system of tariff the American manu-
facturers received at least $300,000,000 over
and above a fair competitive price for their
manufactured commodities. I repeat, is this
just? It may be answered that all systems of
tariff will enable the manufacturer to sell his
products at advanced prices. This is true, and
to remedy this inequality the manufacturer
should be required to pay a license equal to
the enhanced value of his commodity, induced
by the existing tariff. In this way even-handed
justice would be dealt out to all classes of
industry.
I am aware that Mr. Hamilton and other
statesmen entertained the opinion that competi-
tion among our own manufacturers would force
prices down to what would be just and reason-
able. Ihis will prove true in reference to cer-
tain commodities, but in others combinations
will be formed among home manufactures
which can only be overcome by foreign com-
petition. Take, for instance, the small number
of manufactories of carpet in this country; they
are sufficient to supply the entire country.
Suppose other capital is invested in this busi-
ness m order to force down the exorbitant
prices now charged by those in existence. As
soon as this is effepted the capital invested in
