1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5019
security, differing closely on one pel' cent., from no
cause but the simple fact that the four per cent, is
paid in sovereigns in London, and the five per cent,
is paid in rupees in Calcutta—a pregnant fact, which
should not be lost on Congress."
I think we are all aware how important it is
that where paper is negotiated among any peo-
ple they should have an opportunity at least
to read and understand the obligations issued;
that they should be able to make their trans-
actions understanding^ with the banks with
which they are in the habit of doing busi-
ness".
The only objection to this proposition, so far
as I can hear, is that our country ought not to
offer these bonds upon the supposition that
they are to be taken in any other country than
our own; that we ought to stand upon our own
ground; that we ought to assume the bonds will
all be taken by our own citizens; that we should
not provide for extending the same privilege
to the people of foreign countries. Now, I
submit that the negotiation of bonds of this
character is purely a business transaction; that
therefore we should issue the bonds in such a
form as will make them worth most. We pro-
pose to issue a bond bearing interest at four
per cent. This is a very low rate of interest.
I think that under these circumstances we can
afford to say to the world, "We offer you these
bonds, believing that the interest is sufficient:
we, as one of the nations of the world, do not
expect that these bonds shall be taken entirely
in our own country, but that a part of them will
be taken abroad; hence we put the obligations
in the language of other countries as well as
our own, and ask that they may be taken by
citizens of other nations.''
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, this bill is un-
questionably a very great improvement upon
the measure recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury ; it is also a very great improve-
ment upon the bill sent to us by the Senate ;
yet, in my judgment, it is not such a bill as
this House should pass. In the five minutes
to which we are restricted by the recommend-
ation of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, it is, of course, quite im-
possible for any gentleman having the most
distant conception of the magnitude of this
great question topresentto the House in proper
form the reasons why a bill of this character
should not be passed at the present time; but
I will briefly say that in my judgment it is
unwise to disturb the bonded debt of the coun-
try as now existing. That bonded debt has
become the basis of the capital of tin country,
with reference to incorporated institutions, as
well as with regard to mercantile and banking
transactions. When we disturb Ihe bonded
debt of the country, when we withdraw that
debt in.its present form and substitute for it
another form of bonded indebtedness, whether
paying four, five, or six per cent, interest, we
to that extent derange the basis upon which
rest all monetary transactions. Hence in my
judgment this measure is unwise under the
present circumstances. So much for my first
objection to this bill.
In the second place, it is in my judgment
improbable that we shall be able to negotiate
a loan of $1,000,000,000 at four per cent, in-
terest. European nations of the best credit-
nations that are perfectly sound, paying specie
upon their obligations—cannot negotiate their
loans at par at such a rate of interest. Hence,
in my view, if we should go into the maikets
of the world to borrow $1,000,000,000 at four
per cent., our obligations might bo rejected by
foreign capitalists, and thus there would react
upon the credit of the United States Govern-
ment permanent injury.
Thirdly, admitting that this loan can be suc-
cessfully negotiated, I am opposed to it be-
cause it would involve the necessity of sending
abroad $40,000,000 a year in the shape of
interest to be disbursed in semi-annual pay-
ments of $20,000,000 to our foreign creditors.
1 do not wish §10,000,000 to be sent abroad
annually to be expended abroad, to be the
basis of taxation abroad, to be used abroad
for the development of European industries
and enterprises, subtracting to that extent
from the capital which might be used in our
own American enterprises and industries.
Fourthly, Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to it
because I am opposed to a foreign loan. I do
not wish the Government of this country to go
abroad to solicit from foreign capitalists a boon
of this character. We prosecuted our war and
we issued our bonds to the extent of thousands
of millions of dollars, and it is our national
boast to-day that we never asked a foreign loan
during all of those trying times. Why should
we ask it now? Why should we do it in the
midst of peace and prosperity, when the excess
of our revenue is such as to enable us to liqui-
date to some extent the principal of our debt
itself?
I say, sir, under those circumstances we
should not put ourselves under obligations and
make ourselves the dependents of foreign na-
tions or foreign capitalists. In case of forei gn
war fhere should benopowerabroad to hold our
credit in its hands and throw our bonds sud-
denly upon the market in Wall street, leading
to the derangement of all of our public and
private monetary institutions.
Mr. Speaker, for these reasons thus con-
cisely stated, as I am limited to but five min-
utes, I am opposed to the passage of this bill.
I think it is an unwise measure. I think it is
an impolitic measure. I think it is an unne-
cessary measure. I think it can accomplish
no good for the Government and people of the
United States, while it may prove disastrous
to the monetary interests of the country.
Mr. IIOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. WOOD. Yes. sir.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Where
does the gentleman from New York find any
foreign loan in this bill?
Mr. WOOD. I will answer the gentleman
with pleasure. The bill proposes to borrow
$1,000,000,000 at four per cent. You cannot
borrow money to-day upon any such security
as this at anything like that interest. It neces-
sarily compels you to go abroad to get your
money there. This loan is to be taken up
abroad. It is a foreign loan.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is not
often, Mr. Speaker, that 1 find myself obliged
or impelled to antagonize any proposition of
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blair.,]
for whose opinions I entertain the highest
respect; but I wish to call his attention, as
well as the attention of the House, to one or
two difficulties in his proposition. His propo-
sition is, if 1 understand it, that the amount
of interest specified iu each coupon shall be
expressed in dollars and the equivalent thereof
in English sterling currency and in francs—
that is, in so many dollars, so many shillings
sterling, or so many francs. Now, if this
becomes the law, and we put that into our
bonds, then we will be pledged to that amount
of shillings sterling and to that amount of
francs. Suppose England limits her issue of
shillings sterling and raises them in value, and
suppose Franc.";, on the other hand, debases
her coin-—a thing she has done many times
during her history—and reduces their value ;
then, in the latter ease, wo will not pay as much
as we agreed to pay, while in the other case
we will pay more than we agreed to pay. This,
then, will become a question, as in case of the
payment of the Indians, how much we shall
pay. So, my friend from Michigan will observe,
we will immediately get into trouble.
We will agree to pay something no other
people can change if we agree only to pay our
gold at the present standard value. The bill
has the words "present standard value," so
that we may not change the value, if we say
shillings sterling or francs our creditors abroad
may change the value .7f those francs or shil-
lings sterling without regard to the pledges of
this Government.
It may be said there is not much danger of
their, raising the standard of value. There
is danger in the difference between the two
metals, silver being the standard of value
there, while gold is the standard of value here;
and the great difference between the standard •
value of gold and the standard value of silver
may lead to endless complications. I hope,
therefore, the language will be kept as it is
now in tho bill, ''in coin of the present stand- .
ard value."
What is the advantage of this? It may make
the debt., we are told, be more readily taken
abroad. Ah, there, Mr. Speaker, is the great
danger in our funding system. We get all our
debt abroad. We have got now $1,200,000,000
abroad of our debt. We have got $800,000,000
of city, county, corporate, and State debts
abroad, altogether $2,000,000,000. At six per
cent, we have to pay on that $120,000,000 of
interest every year to be expended abroad.
We have got, in other words, to undergo some-
thing equivalent to the absenteeism of Ireland.
What is the evil of the absenteeism of Ireland?
It is that she pays every year to landlords
£2,500,000 sterling which are not expended in
that country. We are now in the condition of
paying every year $120,000,000 to go abroad,
not a dollar of which is to be expended here.
Audi do not waut to have any loan to be made
at the discretion of anybody payable abroad, or
to give any other inducement to have it taken
abroad.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Davis] will with-
draw his amendment, I desire to renew it pro
forma.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I renew it
pro forma. I am opposed to that amendment
and to the amendment of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Blaiii,] and I rise mainly to
reply to my colleague from the State of New
York [Mr. Wood] in regard to the four objec-
tions he has made to this funding bill. His first
objection is that it disturbs the bonded debt
of the country, and he says it is unwise to dis-
turb that bonded debt. Nov/, Mr. Speaker, I
want to disturb the bonded debt. I want to
disturb it because we are paying five, six,
seven, or eight per cent, interest, and I want
that species of disturbance which by means of
this bill will reduce it to the rate of four per
cent.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Certainly.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish to ask him
whether he desires to make the debt perma-
nent?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The debt is
permanent. It is only to be got rid of by ex-
cessive taxation; and to that excessive taxa-
tion which the Secretary of the Treasury re-
quires in order to pay $100,000,000 of the debt
per year, my colleague from New York [Mr.
Wood] and myself are both stoutly opposed.
The debt has to last through this and almost
through another generation, unless we tax our-
selves enormously, and destroy the resources
of tho people in order to pay it.
The second objection of my colleague is that
a four per cent, rate of interest is improbable,
if not impossible. Now, if it is improbable or
impossible, there will be no disturbance of the
bonded debt of the country. But, in my judg-
ment, sir, it is neither improbable nor impossi-
ble. Why should not this country obtain loans
at the-rate of four per cent, interest? It is the
greatest, and, in some respects, the richest
country upon the whole earth. 1 know of no
people who have our productive power. If
there be not aggregated hero an amount, of
capital liltti that which in other nations has
been centered in ti few hands, there is diffused
throughout the body of the forty million peo- •
