1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- t>? the Uu-ited States; which were referred to
^ the select Committee on the .Removal of Polit-
< ical Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
. R. M. Corwine, attorney of judgment creditors
"f in certain prize cases pending in the United
•1 States district court for the southern district
- of Illinois, praying that the proceeds of the
sale of certain cotton and other property cap-
tured by the Porter expedition in 1864, now
in the Treasury of the United States, may be
- paid into said district court, to enable the court
• to make distribution thereof according to decree
rendered in behalf of the claimants. I move
the reference of the petition to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move
that the papers of Henry R. de La Reintre be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate and
. referred to the Committee on Claims, accom-
panied with additional testimony relating to his
claim, which I have received and now present.
The motion was agreed to.
UEPOltTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE. The joint Committee on Ihe
Library, to whom was referred a petition of
certain artists of Boston, praying that thelaws
of copyright may be amended so as to include
works of art, have directed me to report back
the petition and to ask to be discharged from
its further consideration, the subject-matter
of it having been provided for in another bill
pending.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. The same committee have
directed me to report back the petition of
William Patton, praying for the renewal of
his copyright for a book called the Cottage
Bible. The copyright does not expire until
1875 ; and the committee therefore instruct me
to ask to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. The same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Edward i). Tibbett,
praying for the appointment of a committee of
scientific men to examine a model "planeta-
rian," by which can be demonstrated the true
principles of the solar system, have instructed
me to leport it back. The committee do not
feel competent to select such a committee, and
they therefore ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the select Com-
mittee on tiie Removal of Political Disabilities,
reported a bill (S. No. 0G9) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the iegaland polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the Constitution of
the United States,- and for other purposes;
which was read and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to state that
that bill contains the names of over live thou-
sand persons.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
hill (S. No. 903) to encourage the construction
of the International Pacific railroad, have
instructed me to report it back with amend-
ments and recommend its passage. I will re-
mark that there is no appropriation of either
ianus or money in this bill, and the Senator
from Texas [Mr. ELANAGAx] who has intro-
duced it is very anxious for its iramed:a;e con-
sideration.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I hope the Senate will
. indulge me in taking up the bill novy. It will
not take five minutes to dispose of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas asks the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to consider the bill just reported by the
Senator from Minnesota at the present time.
Sir. KELLOGG. I should like to have an
opportunity to see that bill.
* Mi. HAMLIN. Let it be read.
Mi. HOWARD. What is the title of it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not object, but I
wish to state that I desire time daring the
morning hour to call up the joint resolution
I introduced yesterday. There is a necessity
for its immediate passage. I do not object to
the consideration of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported, subject to objection.
Mr. PATTERSON. I give notice that I
wish to call up a bill after the morning business
is concluded.
Mr. OSBORN. I give notice that I desire
to call up a Senate bill during the morning
hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 4 give notice that I jnsist
on the Calendar of resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT'. Does the Sen-
ator object to the consideration of this bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am afraid I came in too
late to object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas asks unanimous consent to proceed to
the consideration of the hill (S. No. 9013) to
encourage the construction of tiie International
Pacilic laihoad.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I object to
the passage of'that lull.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ob jection being
made, the bill will be placed upon the Calendar.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 970) to authorize the Pacific railroads to
take up coal lands necessary to operate their
roads ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacilic Rail-
road, and oidered to bo printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 971) to carry into effect the decree of the
circuit court of the United Statesf'or the south-
ern district of New York in the case of the
schooner L. S. Davis and her cargo ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. Igivenotice of an amend-
ment to the bill (S. No. 506) to make a grant
of land to aid in the construction of a railroad
in the Territory of Dakota. I move the pro-
posed amendment be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 972)
to extend to the State of Nevada the provisions
of the act of September 28, 1850, to enable
the State of Arkansas atid other States to re-
claim the swamp lands within their limits ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
PAY OK CENSUS-TAKERS.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are now in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If there be no fuither
morning business, I move that, the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution I offered yesterday in reference to addi-
tional compensation to the assistant marshals
for taking the census.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is concluded except the Calendar of
resolutions.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire the Calendar
of resolutions to be gone through with, as I
have a resolution there which I wish to have
acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan insists on the regular order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish the Senator would
allow me to make a statement in reference to
this resolution. It will take no time.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will not take more
than a moment to go through the Calendar of
resolutions.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It will take all the morn-
ing hour; and I am advised by the Superin-
tendent of the Census that the taking of the
census in the Pacific States will be a failure,
everybody there is refusing to have anything
to do with the work, unless there is some pro-
vision for additional compensation. He has
received intelligence to that effect. The busi-
ness is entirply suspended, and he desires this
resolution passed so that he can telegraph it
at once to the Pacific coast.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no doubt the Sen-
ator from Oregon is right about that; for when
the census question was under consideration
I gave a great deal of attention to that precise
point; and I satisfied myself that the taking
of the census would be a failure in that portion
of the country unless there was some change
in that respect.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Superintendent of
the Census has received telegrams to that effect.
I ask unanimous consent to consider that joint
resolution now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will it lead to any de-
bate ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No debate at all.
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely want the morn-
ing business to be gone through with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be read, subject to a demand for the
regular order.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 212) in relation to the com-
pensation of assistant marshals for taking the
census of 1870 was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CORBETT. I have received a commu-
nication from the Superintendent of the Census
on this subject, which I ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
[Extract. ]
Walla Walla, AVashington TnERrrony,
May 1,1870.
Sir : 1 * ■>- i- 0f £he £en assistant
marshals to whom I have sent commissions, but two
have accepted as far as heard from.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. S. IviSAItNEY,
United Stales Marshal, Wanking/on Territory.
Hon. Ekascis A. Walker,
Superintendent of Cenmi, Viazhington, 1). C.
Cexsus Office, June 3,1870.
Copy respectfully furnished for the information of
Hon. II. W. Corbktt, United States Senate.
The. matter is one of instant importance.
The difficulty of obtaining suitable persons arises
from the alleged inadequacy of compensation.
I'ltANCIS'A. WALKER,
Superintendent,
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, in regard
to this matter I think it will be found on refer-
ence to the census bill, which passed Congress
at the present session, that there is already
authority given to the Secretary of the Interior
to increase the compensation of assistant mar-
shals fifty per cent, in the more sparsely settled
portions of the country. I believe that includes
every one of the far western States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator is laboring
under a mistake. That provision was stricken
out in the committee of conference, so that
there is no provision by law for making addi-
tional compensation-
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator may be more
accurate than I am; but I was a member of
the committee of conference. It is a conflict
of memory between us on the subject. I re-
member very well that the original census act
was passed in May, 1850, and that in August
of the same year an amendment to that act
increasing the compensation in the discretion
of the Secretary of the Interior was passed, and
it was acted under in 1860 as if it was still in
existence, although in point of fact the amend-
atory law applied only to the census of 1850.
When this census matter came up at the
present session I participated in the delibera-
tions of the committee that considered the bill
as sent to us from the House of Represents
tives, and also in the conference which subse
quently arranged the differences between th'-
two Houses. The Senator from Oregon may b\r
eutirely right; but my impression, based on
my memory, is that there was a continuation
of the act of August, 1850.
