230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Tch 29,
Ho. op Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Wilkinson.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
country like ours, irrits first stages of develop-
ment.
I can readily conceive that by an utter dis-
regard of the idea of protection some of our
interests might, by the combinations of foreign
capital and cheap labor, be crippled and finally
borne down, and industry retarded thereby. I
am of opinion that our manufacturing interests
cannot be safely abandoned, and that even a
further development of these with such foster-
ing care as for the time being they might abso-
lutely need is a wise and safe policy, and that
ultimately these interests will be found to be
immensely advantageous even to our agricul-
tural and other interests, as every legitimate
business tends certainly to stimulate other in-
dustries. There cannot arise in this country,
as it seems to me, a wiser system for raising
revenue, for carrying on the Government, and
meeting our outstanding obligations than a
judicious and well-regulated tariff; and in lay-
ing such a tariff for revenue we sb ould always so
wisely discriminate as to afford incidental pro-
tection to home industry. Aud I do think that
such a tariff well and wisely adjusted would
afford all the protection that any of our home
interests could reasonably claim ; and could
legislation be relieved from the influence of
local prejudices and interests it would not really
be difficult to so adjust our tariff system as to
make all interests harmonize. What we are
most to deplore is that system of legislation that
makes one interest or one section subservient
to another. It is certainly bad policy by com-
pulsory legislation to keep up any interest in
this country which is incapable of rising to inde-
pendence, and some time or another gaining
such vitality and strength as to be able to walk
alone. Such a course must always produce
discontent.
Sir, the time is near at hand, as it seems to
me, when our internal revenue system must
be greatly modified. It is already unpopular
among our people, as it fills the land with
swarms of tax-gatherers. It is inquisitorial in
its character and in many respects corrupting
in its influence. Our people would, in my
opinion, more willingly endure a tariff, if in-
deed it should be high, than this already in
many respects odious system of internal rev-
enue. I really think that no more acceptable
legislation could be entered upon and perfected
than that which should look to a material
modification of the system.
Instead of enlarging this part of our financial
system, as desired by the gentleman from the
Cincinnati district, 1 would be glad to see it
greatly abridged. Direct taxation by the Gen-
eral Government is absolutely abhorrent to
our people. This was introduced as one of the
results of our late terrible war, and should not
be continued, at least in its present form, any
longer. I would at once remove all that class
of taxes that are inquisitorial in character and
offensivein collection and petty, and contempt-
ible in the amount of revenue they yield, and
the whole body of those known as special taxes
and licenses, and taxes on gross receipts, on
railroad companies, telegraph and insurance
companies, canals, ships, and steamboats. And
I would reduce the present tax on incomes to
3 per cent., and exempt all incomes below
$2,000, retaining, however, those levied upon
banks and bankers, and manufacturers and
dealers in spirits, beer, and tobacco. Such a
course I am sure would be most gratifying to
the people, and relieve them from a class of
burdenswhichare most irritating and annoying.
I do hope that this Congress will not adjourn
till it has accomplished something in the way
of redeeming its pledges to the people. Too
much time, as it seems to me, has already been
spent in unprofitable legislation, and the peo-
ple are impatient to know the result of our
efforts to afford relief.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. M. S. WILKINSON,
of minnesota,
In the House op Represbktatiyes,
March 29, 1870.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole,
and having under consideration the bill (H. R. No.
1068) to amend existing laws relating to the duty on
imports, and for otter purposes 
Mr. WILKINSON said:
Mr. Chairman. It was at onetime my pur-
pose to address this Committee of the Whole
at some length, and to enter into a considera-
tion of the whole question of tariff and free
trade with such ability as I might bring to the
examination of the subject. But there has
been so much said, and very ably said, on both
sides of this question, so much time has been
consumed by others, that I hardly think it
would be worth my while to protract this de-
bate with any extended review on my part of
the present tariff laws. I was a little' desir-
ous, however, before this discussion closed
of stating my views, which I shall proceed now
very briefly to do, without entering into any
general discussion of the bill now before the
committee.
This question of the tariff is perhaps the
most difficult, at least it is one of the most dif-
ficult questions to settle which will come before
this or any other Congress. It is also a ques-
tion affecting all the great interests of the coun-
try, and to a greater or less extent the interests
of every individual.
For nearly half a century, I might say almost
from the foundation of the Government up to
the present time, this question has been mixed
up more or less with the political affairs of
parties; and it has exerted that spirit of rivalry
and contention in the minds of the people which
party conflicts in this country almost always
engender; and yet it is a question which
should have little to do with parties, for it con-
cerns alike the interests of all the individuals
of this nation. And, indeed, from the geo-
graphical character of our country, its vast
extent, and the diversity of the interests of the
people, I cannot very well see how this can
ever be made really a party question. The
different sections of the country will have dif-
ferent interests, and conflicts more or less
severe will always result from the imposition
of a tariff upon the importations from foreign
countries.
I can very well understand why the interests
of my people in Minnesota, devoted as they are
almost entirely to agricultural pursuits, may
come in conflict with the interests of the peo-
ple of Pennsylvania, not in a party sense, but
because of the conflicting interests of these
peoples. I can understand why they may come
in conflict with the interests of the constituents
of my friend from New York, [Mr. McCar-
thy,] whom I see near me. And that conflict
of interests arises from the great diversity in
the physical characteristics of our country and
the different occupations of our people. We
never canBmake a manufacturing State of Min-
nesota ; that is, to any very great extent; nor
can Pennsylvania ever become such a wheat-
growing State as Minnesota is, and under the
operations of a tariff law the interests of those
two States would necessarily come in conflict.
The people of Pennsylvania wish to sell iron
to the people of the West; while the farmers
of Minnesota are obliged to buy iron from the
people of Pennsylvania. The western pur-
chaser wishes, of course, to purchase this arti-
cle of prime necessity as cheaply as possible,
while the parties who manufacture it are anx-
ious to receive as high a price for this product
as they can get. Pennsylvania wants a high
tariff to raise the price of this article, while
Minnesota wants a low duty upon iron in order
to cheapen its price in the market.
God has so arranged it in His providence
that it is as absurd to suppose that you can
unite the interests of this country upon the
question of protection as it is to suppose that
you can unite the interests of New England
and of old England. Gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania, from New York, from New England,
tell us in Minnesota, "Why, you must build
up manufactures and build upahome market;"
yet they know very well that it is more im-
possible for us in Minnesota to compete with
the manufacturers of Massachusetts than it is
for the people of Massachusetts to compete
with the people of old England in manufactures;
a great deal more impossible.
Why, sir, my district, containing, I suppose,
hard upon 300,000 people, the largest wheat-
growing district of any congressional district
in the United States, producing, I suppose,
12,000,000 bushels of wheat—in my district
they have no facilities for successful manufac-
turing operations, unless it be to a very limited
extent, and that would be confined to the man-
ufacture of agricultural implements, or some-
thing of that kind, which are difficult of trans-
portation. And the reason is obvious. With
our vast, rich prairies ; with very little water-
power in many parts of the State; with but little
fuel; with no coal to propel steam-engines,
the cost of propelling machinery in Minnesota
would be so great, aside from other difficulties
which would present themselves in undertaking
to establish manufactories there, that it would
be utterly impossible for us to build up to any
considerable extent manufacturing interests to
furnish a home market for our products ; and
it would not be a profitable business. It would
be absurd for us to aitempt manufacturing en-
terprises when we can engage in other branches
of industry to greater profit, and can turn the
products of our industry over to somebody else
who can manufacture for us a great deal more
cheaply than we can do it for ourselves.
This protective principle may operate very
well for New England; but when gentlemen
undertake to apply it to a prairie State 1,000
or 1,500 miles away from the markets of the
country, and to say that we of the West are
benefited by any law framed for the protection
of manufacturing interests, they assert what I
cannot understand. For fifty years the pro-
tectionists have been arguing to the people of
this country, " Help us in the infancy of our
manufactures, and in a few years we shall be
strong enough to compote with the manufac-
tories of the world, and then the products of
American industry will be cheapened so that
the people will reap the advantage of this pro-
tective policy." And for fifty years all manu-
factured articles which have been protected by
a tariff have been rising in price just in propor-
tion to the increase of duties which have been
levied upon them.
At last, Mr. Chairman, the war came upon
this country and imposed upon the nation the
necessity of resorting to every mode of taxation
as a means of raising revenue. The people of
this country cheerfully acquiesced in that neces-
sity. They willingly submitted to tariff laws,
internal revenue laws, and all laws calculated
to raise means for carrying on the war and
upholding the Government; and while doing
this they never inquired into or grumbled at
the hardships which were being imposed upon
them. They bent their necks to the yoke and
submitted, as a patriotic and liberty-loving peo-
ple never did before, to the burdens which the
necessities of the country imposed upon them.
During the rebellion, when I was in the other
end of the Capitol, I voted for every measure
that would raise money to carry on the war.
I would do so again under similar circum-
stances. If it had been necessary then for
