8132
T® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
citizens of New York, rembhstratingagainst
the extension of John Youtig's patent For wash-
ing and wringing machines. I ask its refer-
ence to the Committee on Patents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The chairman
of the committee states that the bill on that
subject has been reported upon and is now on
the Calendar; and the petition, therefore, will
be laid on the table.
Mr. CONKL1NG presented the petition rtf
William A. Richardson and others, surviving
t>rivateersmen of the war of 1812, residing at
Marblehead, Massachusetts, praying to be
allowed pensions; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, remonstrating against a continu-
ance of the income tax ; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petitions of Jesse 6.
Sims, of Hardin county, Texas: of John Gran-
berry, of Angelina county, Texas; of J. W.
Hamilton, Of Sumter county, Texas; and of
Jefferson Shook, of Cherokee County, Texas,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Willis C.
Hadley, late a musician of the twenty-seventh
regiment New York State volunteers, praying
to be relieved from an order of the Secretary
of War of December4,18C2, wherein he stands
charged with desertion from the Army: which
was referred to the Committee on Military
^.flairs
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Reuben Harmon, of Lexington, South Caro-
lina, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities. '
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of Alex-
anderOonrad, of Davidson county, North Car-
olina, and of J. C. S. Harris, of W ake county,
North Carolina, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. CAMERON presented two memorials of
citizeus of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the passage of the bill (H. R. No. 1491!) for
the relief of John Young; which were ordered
to lie on the table-
He also presented the memorial of Professor
AntiselL, urging Congress to provide for the
cultivation of plantations of the cinchona
tree, to the eftd that this country may secure
a supply of quinine, to provide against the
destruction of these trees in the region which
how produces the supply of this important
article; which was referred to the Committee
on Agriculture.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of
bne hundred and eleven citizens, property-
owners of thie District of Colombia, living
near the Tiber creek, protesting against assess-
ing the cost of arching that creek on property
immediately contiguous thereto; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also presented a memorial of Edward
Neal, of Wigcassett, Maine, and a memorial
of Elijah Dunbar, of New York, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill (H. R. No.
1492) for the relief of John Young, who prays
for an extension of his patent for washingand
wringing machines; which were ordered to lie
on the table. 1
Mr. SHERMAN. I present certain papers :
from the Treasury Department, tables, &c., j
to accompany the report I presented the other j
day in regard to the bill (8. No. 859) revising [
the laws relative to the mints, assay offices, and
coinage of the United States. I move that
they be printed with that report and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. SUMNER. I present two petitions
from corporations and citizens of Boston, pro-
testing against the bill for tho extension of
John Young's patent for washing and wring-
ing machines. As that bill, I believe, is on
the Calender, I move that these petitions lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a petition of
coal dealers in the District of Columbia, ask-
ing protection against fraudulent Government
contracts in the District; which was referred
to the Committee on the Districtof Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Mrs. Isabella Fogg, of Quincy, Illinois, pray-
ing an increase of her pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the jjetition
of David Foulk and others, citizens of Spar-
tanburg and Laurens counties, South Carolina,
praying that the old mail route from Spartan-
burg to Laurensville, via Walnut Grove, Hill's
Factory, Mountain Shoals, and Scuffleton, be
reestablished ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post lloads.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions
of William Pelham, of Travis county, Texas,
and of Jim Farr, ot Greenville, Hunt county,
Texas, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. -677) to provide for the sale of the dimin-
ished reserve and trust lands of the Kansas or
Kaw tribes of Indians in the State of Kansas,
and for the settlement of said Indians in the
Indian territory, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HARLAN. The same committee have
instructed me to report back to the Senate
sundry letters of the Secretary of the Interior
making special estimates for the Indian ser-
vice, with propositions of ameudment to the
bill (H. 11. No. 1169) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations, so called, With various Indian
tribes for the year ending June SO, 1871,' and
for other purposes. I move that these amend-
ments be referred to the Oottmittee on Appro-
priations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referrted a motion to print
five hundred extra copies of the letter of the
Secretary cif the Treasury to the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, communicating
the report of John Jay Knox in relation to a
revision of the laws pertaining to the Mint and
. coinage of the United States for the use of the
Treasury Department, have instructed me to
report it back and recommend its passage.
The motion was, by unanimous consent, con-
sidered and agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 840) for tie better protection of the
frontiers of Texas, reported adversely thereon
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
146) giving officers of'the Army detailed at
literary in stitatioos the same pay and allow-
ances as those on active duty,-reported ad-
versely thereon and moved its indefinite post-
ponement ; which was' agreed'to.
He also, from thesame committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution. (H.- R-. No.
153) for pay of one year's salary to the execu-
tors of General John A. Rawlins, for the ben-
efit of his family, reported it without amend-
ment, and asked for its present consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall retich it to-day
on the Calendar. :
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion will be placed on fhe Calendar.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Comitoittee on
Agriculture, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 20) to encourage the production of cotton
in the United States, reported adversely thereon
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Mary F. Prindle, praying to be ullowed arrears
of pension, reported a bill (S. No. 806) for the
relief of Mary F. Prindle; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Walter Harritnan,
praying that a pension be granted to the widow
of Joshua F. Littlefield in accordance with tho
rank of lieutenant colonel of the eleventh New-
Hampshire volunteers, to which he had been
appoiuted, submitted an adverse report; and
the committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee,
to whom was referred the petition of Mary
Louise Garesch6, with the bill (S. No. 618)
increasing the pension of Mary Louise Gare-
sch6, widow of Colonel Garesch6, have in-
structed me to submit an adverse report. I
may say in presenting the report that the com-
mittee report adversely not from any waut of
sympathy with this lady, and a great many
others in the same situation, but as a matter
of duty, which we feel compelled to do on the
ground that there are hundreds and thousands
of ladies occupying precisely the same position
of necessity and of sympathy with respect to
the duty of the Government that she does.'
We thinfc that she and others like her will be
obliged to wait until "We shall be able to make
a general provision for them all alike, when
the country gets a little stronger.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. POMEROY, I think that bili had
better go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be placed on the Calendar, with the adverse
report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Abigail Bar-
ton, praying to be allowed a pension, have in-
structed me to report adversely on the ground
that she seems to be entitled to a pension under
the general law on the statements in her peti-
tion. We ask to be discharged from its further
consideration.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referred the petition, of Margaret
C. Bell, praying foran increased pension, make
an adverse report. This petition stands on
precisely the same grounds that the bill in favpi
of Mrs. Garesch6 does. She is the widow of
Rear Admiral Bell, who very gallantly served
in the war; she'gets thirty dollars a month and
wants fifty dollars. Acting upon the same
reasons, the committee have instructed mo to
report adversely on this and to ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration. If it
should be the will of the Senate to grant the
increase in this case, there are a great many
we shall desire to act on favorably.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Tha same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of William H.
Kuhns and others, praying for the pay merit
of pensions from March 3, 1865, to Jutt® 0,
1866, being the time they were disallowed
pensions on account of being employed in the
civil service of the United States,have instructed
, me to report the same back, and ask to be
j discharged from its further consideration.
! We do not think it wise to enter on any legis-
lation upon that subject.. .
, The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from1 tho same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1467)
to construe certain acts therein cited in rela-
tion to pensions, approved July 27, 1 $6%, re-
ported it with amendment's.
