1244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
«/ j
rale is that there Are two bouquets famished to
each member and Senator during every session.
Mr. RANDALL. If they claim them.
Mr. CLEVELAND. There is no such rale.
On the contrary, when I went into this garden
early in this Congress, knowing nothing of the
rule, I inquired of the person in charge what
it was kept for, and I was informed by him that
it was to furnish the members of Congress with
rare plants and roots and cuttings and flower-
seeds, and furnish them with bouquets for their
families. That information was given to me
as a stranger aad not as a member of Congress.
I was not known there as a member of the
House, bnt he told me as a stranger that it
was kept for that purpose, and he did not know
for what other purpose. Now, in regard to
the plants furnished to members from this gar-
den, I desire to say that most of them are of a
very ordinary character. The seeds furnished
are of a very common character. I can go
into any private garden anywhere and find you
plants and seeds that are much rarer and moTe
valuable than any yon can find in that garden
to be furnished to members of Congress to be
sent home. I contend, sir, that this is utterly
useless as a Government institution, utterly
useless to the country, and that this wasteful
expenditure should be stopped. But as I have
no hopeof abolishing the institution altogether,
I make this motion to reduce the appropria-
tion to $2,000.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to interfere
any more than is absolutely necessary in this
annual debate in reference to the Botanical Gar-
dsn. It is doe, however, tothe superintendent
of that garden that I should not sit here and
allow the gentleman from California [Mr.
Axteix] to say, without correction, that Mr.
Smith went abroad and traveled at the expense
of the Government. I know that he went
abroad at bis own expense, and catne back on
an immigrant ship, in the most economical man-
ner possible; and while he was abroad be
devoted himself to the duties of his profession,
in which no man is more skilled, selecting plants:
and seeds and making arrangements for the
exchange of the plapta and trees of this ooun-
try for the rare and valuable plants and trees
of other countries, introducing plants in this
country, acclimating them, and distributing
them to the portions of the oountry where the
climate is best adapted for their growth and
development. Plants have been introduced
into this country through his instrumentality,
and have been acclimated here, which have
become largely a source of profit in different
parts of tbw country, and which wilt soon
become staple products in many portions of
the United States. That has been due more
to Mr. Smith than to any other man, and his
labors have produced results which, in time to
come, will develop themselves to the great
benefit of the country.
The origin of this Botanical Garden seems
to have been greatly misunderstood by mem-
bers who have taken part in this debate. If I
am not in error the facts are these: we seat
manyyears since an expedition to Japan under
Commodore Perry at a very great expense,
which resulted in the opening of that country
to tho commerce of this country. When Com-
modore Perry returned he brought home with
him some very rare and most valuable plants,
to jreserve which this Government provided
a editable garden. And those plants are now
in the Botanical Garden, properly arranged
an J cared for by the superintendent.
Mr. AXTELL. Does the gentleman refer
to the Agricultural Department or to this
b jaqaet establishment?
Mr. DAWES. I refer to the Botanical Gar-
'Ain.
Mr. AXTELL. Did the Japan expedition
grow out of this Botanical Garden ?
Mr. DAWES. The Botanical Garden was the
result of that expedition. The results of that
expedition have not been folly appreciated,. '
and th« intimation of the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Cleveland] and the gentleman
from California [Mr. Axtell] that this garden
is merely for the purpose of providing bouquets
for members is not warranted by the facts.
And because Mr. Smith, when he went abroad
in the servioe of the Government, saw fit to
return in an immigrant ship, paying his own
passage, shall he be accused of taking the pub-
lic money ? It is not fair to a man who can-
not be heard here. The amount asked here
for the Botanical Garden is no more than has
j been appropriated for year after year, and the
! elephant which so alarms the gentleman from
j California, [Mr. Axtelt,,] if it grows at all,
I does not grow by feeding upon the public
: Treasury. It requires no more now than it has
' for years past, and the prudent economy with
; which the money heretofore appropriated has
; been used can be seen in the garden to-day.
Mr. HALE. Asmyoolleagne, [Mr. Peters,]
the chairman of the Committee on the Library,
is necessarily absent to-day, that committee
having the care and control of this Botanical
Garden, it seems.to me but proper that I should
say a word or two as to the eourse pursued by
that committee in reference to the distribution
of bouquets to members of Congress. I do so
because I judge from what haa fallen from some
gentlemen that there may be some dissatisfac-
tion upon that subject, though I have never
before heard it expressed. I believe that the
course pursued by that committee, and if I am
mistaken the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Pal-
mer,] who is on that committee, can correct me,
is this: the committee consult with the super-
intendent of the Botanical Garden, Mr. Smithy
and learn ftorai him to what extent he can, from
day to day, filb orders for bouquets without im-
pairing the efficiency of the garden or injuring
the growth of the plants there. And bouquets
or orders for bouquets are given according to
the information furnished by Mr. Smith to the
Committee on the Library, or to its chairman.
These bouquets are not, as I understand,
distributed voluntarily by the committee, but
as applications for them are filed by members
of this House. The chairman fills those appli-
cations, so far as the ■ superintendent of the
Botanical Garden informs him he can supply
them, and a list is kept of tbe membera who
have beeu so supplied on application; and
whenever an application is madia by any mem-
ber for a bouquet for himself or his family the
list is turned to and it is-ascertained whether
he has received one, and if bo he is not accom-
modated again, I believe, until the list is gone
through. This, so far as I know and believe,
is the course pursued. The object is that the
distribution shall be impartial. If members
applying at any given time are refused, as I
know has been the case, the answer made is
that for the day on which the application is
made the number has been given out to pre-
vious applicants. The simple rule which is
followed is, "firstcome, first served."
Mr. ROGERS- I wish to inquire whether
there is a faithful record kept of the number
of bouquets furnished and the names of the
members who get them? [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I understand that the chair-
man has such a record; that when a-member
receives a bouquet that fact is marked opposite
to his name, so that all may be fairly and im-
partially served. I have never before heard
any fault found with the committee or its
chairman in regard to this matter. I have
made these remarks because my colleague
[Mr. Peters] is unavoidably absent, and it is
proper that I should vindicate him, if any
vindication be necessary.
Mr. ROGERS. I wish to ask another ques-
tion; are these bouquets all alike? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, from my personal
experience, I cannot answer that question ; for
I have not received any at all. That is a
matter which the gardener has in charge. 1
presume he gives out the bouquets in accord-
ance with the condition of the garden at the
time the order is given. Probably the gentle-
man can speak better in regard to that matter
than I can, for I have no doubt be has already
received one or two of these bouquets.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROGERS. I think it well that by this
debate the country shall be informed that
members of Congress are at stated periods
regaled with the aroma of flowers cultivated
at the expense of the people and furnished in
the form of bouquets. Sir, I voted the other
day against what I conceived to be an im-
proper measure, the bill for the abolition of
the franking privilege. I can see how the
interests of my people may be in some meas-
ure subserved by the free circulation of val-
uable public documents through the mails.
But I cannot see that any good is to accrue,
either .to my constituents, or to the people
generally, or to myself personally, from the
cultivation of these bouquets at the public
expense. On one occasion I applied for a
bouquet at the instance of my family, who are
with me heTe ; and I was very graciously and
very elegantly told by a member of the com-
mittee that he would be very glad to accom-
modate me if the garden were his; "but,"
said he, "the gardener can furnish only a cer-
tain number of bouquets each day, and there
being so many members of Congress you are
only entitled to about two bouquets a month."
Sir, I sat down and made a calculation, esti-
mating three hundred as the number of the
members of the House and the Senate; and
assuming that each receives two bouquets every
month, I find that, with an appropriation of
$17,000 for this purpose, it costs my constit-
uents $4 50 for each bouquet which regales
their Representative or his family. Sir, I am
opposed to the whole thing. It is simply ridi-
culous that this Government should keep up
hot-houses at the public expense to gratify
members of the House and the Senate by the
distributioB of these bouquets, two a month to
each. I am opposed to all such appropriations
and shall vote against them.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I rise to oppose the
amendment. I wish to say a word about this
Botanical Garden,-the purpose of which seems
to be very much misunderstood. It is not any
principal part of the business of this garden to
provide members of Congress with bouquets.
I will state one fact which I think will tend to
show the value and importance of this garden.
There was cultivated on a little piece of ground,
lessthan three rodssquare,in thisBotanical Gar-
den, the first sorghum-seed that ever grew upon
the American continent, and from that little
piece of land there was first distributed through-
out the various portions of this country this
then new plant, sorghum, which has from
that small beginning since grown to be a trade
of several million dollars annually. That is
one of the benefits which this Botanical Garden
has conferred upon the people of this country.
Mr. COBURN. Could not this sorghum
plant have been produced almost anywhere
else than in this Botanical Garden ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. It could have been
produced anywhere else, bnt it was not pro-
duced anywhere else, and probably would not
have been if it had not been for this experiment
in this Botanical Garden to which I have re-
ferred.
Mr. AXTELL. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. AXTELL. Is it not. a fact that sorghum
was first obtained and produced by the Agri-
cultural Department?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I only know from Mr.
Smith, who has charge of this Botanical Gar-
den, that the fact is as I have stated it.
Mr. COBURN. Did he first discover the
seed and introduce it ?
Mr. DAWES. He has been devoting him-
