1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1245
self for years to just this sort of thing. It is the
lejitimate business of this Botanical Garden
to=experimeut toward the introduction of new
plants into this country. Seeds and plants are
collected a:ul exchanged with all parts of the
world lor seeds and plants to be introduced
here. Mr. Smith has managed his business
with great skill and almost brought it to per-
fection, so that the rare plants of other coun-
tries are imported here in exchange for our
own rare plants sent abroad. The value of
plants already introduced into this country by
means of this Botauical Garden can hardly be
estimated.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I have not quite fin-
ished try remarks. I understand further that
this Botanical Garden is at present experiment-
ins; toward the introduction of a new plant by
the name of ramie, which is celebrated for its
fibrous qualities, and which, if it can be suc-
cessfully introduced into this country, may rival
if it shall not supersede the use of cotton in
the manufacture of clothing. I know, as every
gentleman here can know if he will only take
the pains to inquire, that this Botanical Garden
has done very much for the agriculture of the
country heretofore, and is still operating in the
same direction. If the sending of bouquets out
to the members of Congress be objectionable
to the House let us abolish that feature of it;
but for one I am not willing to do away entirely
with this Botanical Garden, which has done so
much good for the agricultural interests of the
country. It has introduced many exotic plants
valuable in the arts, sciences, and in the ma-
teria medica. It has introduced a vast variety
of flowering plants, from which seeds have
been distributed to all parts of the country,
and which would have been done in no other
mode. It has added rich contributions to the
botany of this country, and in all these depart-
ments of usefulness it is without a rival or any
other means of rendering similar service. No
one spot of ground on the American continent
has accomplished so much to add to our agri-
cultural wealth, to enhance the interests of
science, to relieve distress and adorn and
beautify every valley and hilltop throughout
the whole Republic as the Botanical Garden
of Washington. Every evergreen and tree and
plant and shrub and flower and seed whose
properties have been found valuable in other
lands, and not indigenous to our soil, have
been nurtured here and naturalized in Ameri-
can soil to add new wealth and beauty to our
beloved Republic and give new pleasures to j
all our people.
Mr. WH1TTEMORE. I would like to ask i
the gentleman from Ohio whether bouquets can j
be made out of this ramie plant? '
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Ohio has expired.
Mr. DAVIS. We have wasted an hour or
two on two most fragrant subjects, pertaining
to the Library of Congress and the distribution
of bouquets and seeds, and I hope no more time
■will be wasted by this side of the House in that
regard. During the last campaign it was the
almost entire stock in trade of the Opposition
to be talking of this Botanical Garden and of the
towels and soap used by Congress ; and I think
lam justified in saying that a considerable
number of gentlemen on the other side would
not have been in this House but for their elo-
quence in reference to those articles. One of
ny distinguished colleagues stated this morn-
ing, but for his eloquence in the city of New i
lork on the extravagance of Congress in the !
use of soap, his constituents never would have
returned him to his seat on this floor.
, ^- WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to say in
behalf of the Agricultural Department, that I
think my friend and colleague wholly misap-
prehends the fact in reference to the introduc-
tion of sorghum. The facts are these, and the I
fecord will bear me out, that sorghum was i
'^ported by the Agricultural Bureau in 1854, 1
ana cultivated in the garden attached to that |
epartment, then a bureau, in 1855 and 1856, '
and from time to time the seed was distributed
in small quantities throughout the length and
the breadth of the United States. The Botan-
ical Garden has glory enough of its own without
detracting from that which rightfully belongs
to the Agricultural Department. I am scarcely
willing, even did I think it just and proper, to
remain quiet when gentlemen in this House
assert that the importation and cultivation and
dissemination of the seed of that very valuable
plant are to be placed to the credit of the
Botanical Garden.
As regards the ramie plant, that also belongs
to the Department of Agriculture. The Depart-
ment are now experimenting on that plant, and
I am satisfied that it will be found eminently
useful to the people of this country. Let me
say, however, that I have no prejudice against
the Botanical Garden. It is very much a
question of ornamentation. It has been said
that it is made use of mainly for the benefit
of members of Congress, but ray experience
has led me to believe that in point of fact the
benefits chiefly inure to the residents of this
city. But although that may be the fact, I
have no wish to say a word or to give a vote
against it. I must protest, however, against
any improper detraction being made from the
credit for utility which properly belongs to the
Department of Agriculture, and more partic-
ularly as regards the plant designated as the
Chinese sugar-cane or sorghum.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Was not the first sor-
ghum cultivated in the Botanical Garden ?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. No, sir.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Smith, superin-
tendent of the Botanical Garden, says it was.
; I saw the spot of ground he pointed out to me
| on which it was grown. The propagating gar-
! den of the Agricultural Department is devoted
l to a very different purpose.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. The historical
facts of the case are against my friend. They
show that the plant was cultivated in the
| propagating garden of the Department of
Agriculture in 1855, and disseminated in 1856.
Mr. CLEVELAND. If I understood the
' gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
| aright, for I did not hear his remarks dis-
tinctly, I understood him to assume that the
gentleman from California [Mr. Axtell] and
myself opposed this appropriation on the
ground that we had applied at the Botanical
Garden for bouquets and had not got them.
Mr. DAWES. Not at all. I had not the
slightest idea of saying any such thing.
Mr. AXTELL. It was said by another gen-
tleman, a member of the Committee on the
Library.
J Mr. CLEVELAND. I do not know what
the gentleman from California may have done,
but as regards myself I may say that I never
was in the garden bnt once, and that was before
I was a member of Congress, although after
my election as such; when I asked the question
and received the answer which I gave in this
House, I never applied there for any flowers
or plants. I am not in a condition here to
make use of them and do not want them. But
I am here honestly to oppose this appropria-
tion, because I look upon it as excessive and
unnecessary, and I think all the arguments
which have been brought to bear on this ques-
tion in favor of the institution only go to show
that it ought to be wiped out, and that we
should look to the Department of Agriculture
for the services which it assumes to render.
As_I have said before, the plants and seeds
which are furnished to the country from the
Botanical Garden are utterly useless, being of
the most common and ordinary character, such
as can be purchased in any village throughout
the country.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to move that the
committee rise. But I desire to say that in
stating the origin of this Botanical Garden I fell
into error in ascribing it to Commodore Perry's
expedition instead of to the expedition of Com-
modore Wilkes, who in 1837 was sent on a
similar exploring expedition to the South sea,
and brought back plants which were the origin of
the Botanical Garden. It received large acces-
sions trom Commodore Perry's expedition. I
desire also to disabuse the mind of the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Cleveland] of the
idea that I imputed to him or the gentleman
from California [Mr. Axtell] any sense of
personal grievance. This is a discussion which
comes up every year.
Mr. AX I ELL. Will the gentleman allow
me one word by way of justification and ex-
planation ?
I listened very attentively this morning, as
I always do, to the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations,which I regard as the most
important committee of this Congress ; and
when, in a very solemn and impressive tone of
voice, and with very weighty words, he declared
that no member of Congress could be lectured
and called to account for defending the money
of the people, I went with him word for word
" and sentence for sentence. And now, when he
rises in his place and tells me that it is unfair
that I should criticise the expenditures of a
gentleman who cannot reply, I refer him to his
own speech and adopt his own remarks as my
reply.
Mr. DAWES. So far as the gentleman criti-
cised expenditures I hold that he was doing
his duty, and he did not do it in any unfair
manner or in any unkind tone. All I suggested
was that it was hardly fair to say that the super-
; intendent of this garden expended any part
of this money when he went abroad. That
is all.
Mr. AXTELL. One word more and I have
done. I desire to call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts and the House to
the fact with which, as a member of the minor-
ity, I am content if the retrenching majority
are content, that the appropriations in these
two clauses are to be expended under the direc-
, tion of the Library Committee of Congress.
| Nothing is said as to what the salary of any
M one man is to be, nor how many men are to be
employed, nor who is to supervise the expend-
j iture, nor whether it is for bouquets, or to send
j out seeds, or to propagate ramie plants or sor-
I ghum. When I stated the fact that this superin-
j tendent had last season gone traveling abroad I
did not know that he went in an emigrant ship.
I did know that he was not here attending to
his duties, but was traveling abroad in Europe.
I had it from his own lips. And I do know
that while we are cutting down the pay of
, laborers and policemen we are appropriating
over eleven thousand dollars to be expended
, under the direction of the Library Committee
on this place, which the gentleman who rose
i to defend the committee admits is an estab-
lishment for the purpose of furnishing bouquets
to members of Congress, and he intimated that
! we were sore-headed because we had not got
our flowers.
Mr. DAWES. I have before me the pay-
roll of all who are employed under this appro-
priation. There is one superintendent at
$1,440; six assistants, at $72 a month, $5,184;
four laborers, at $1 92 per day, $2,803 20;
four laborers, at $1 30 a day, $1,898; total,
$11,325 20. I hope we shall now have a vote
on this amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Cleveland's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blair
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order of the
House, had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the special order,
being House bill No. 974, making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
