18*70.] APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The, Tariff—Mr. Wilkinson.
Ho. or Beps.
raising the revenue I would have voted for a
tariff of 500 per cent, on anything in order to
raise means for upholding the nation. But,
sir, this great necessity has passed from us. The
country has passed through this great revolu-
tion and come out of it not only purified, but
stronger and richer than it was before. In that
great struggle the nation not only vindicated
its military, but its financial power as well. It
is no longer necessary to resort to unnecessary
and oppressive taxation to sustain the credit
of the Government.
Bat, Mr. Chairman, I protest that it is un-
fair for these protectionists now to come in
and seek still to take advantage, when the
nation is on its feet, of a policy adopted
under the pressure of the direst necessities^!'
the war. I protest against their undertaking
to fix upon the nation as the settled policy ot
the Government a tariff which was imposed
for the purpose of revenue and revenue alone.
In my judgment, the time has now come when
the revenues of the country may be reduced,
largely reduced, and when they ought to be
reduced in the interest of the people Qf this
country. In my judgment, Congress will be
derelict to its duty if it does not avail itself of
this opportunity to lighten the burdens of the
people.
I take it for granted, Mr. Chairman, that it
is the settled policy of this Government to raise
a very large portion of its necessary revenues
by duties upon imports. There are, I know,
men who talk very eloquently about the ab-
stract philosophy of free trade; but I do not
suppose there is really a single sensible man,
in Congress or out of it, who really expects or
hopes to accomplish any such end. I doubt
whether there is to-day any member of Con-
gress who would vote for a proposition to
abolish this indirect system of revenue by
duties upon imports for that of direct taxa-
tion. If there is such a man, I have not seen
him yet. We must raise $300,000,000; and
a measure properly adjusted for raising this
amount of revenue will afford all the protec-
tion that any interest in this country has a right
to claim. This bill is framed with reference
to a much larger revenue than this; I sup-
pose nearly $90,000,000 more. For the pres-
ent we get along very well, and still reduce the
taxes from $70,000,000 to $90,000,000.
think we ought to make this reduction.
The difficulty with me is how to adjust these
tariff duties. That is a difficulty which, in my
judgment, can never be permanently settled
until this country is, to use a western expres-
sion, "filled up." As long as the material
interests of the country are changing from year
to year, so long we shall be obliged to adjust
and readjust our tariffs to meet the existing
necessities of the country. I do not believe
that any tariff can be permanently and securely
established at this time, because the country is
growing so rapidly; the physical condition of
the nation is changing from year to year in
such a way as to require necessarily a readjust-
ment of taxation in order to deal out justice to
all portions of the country.
Any one hearing the speech of the eloquent
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
the other day would think that Pennsylvania
is the greatest and most prosperous State of
this Union, and I think in that regard he is
pretty nearly right. But when he is pleading for
protection you would think the people and the
iron manufacturers of Pennsylvania are the
poorest and best-abused men in this country.
There is a little incongruity in the exordium of
the last speech he made the other day and the
general line of his argument. Now, I never fail
to be impressed when I ride through the city of
Pittsburg, either com ing to this capital or return-
ing home, with the idea that they are the richest
people on this continent. The appearance of
that iron city, in the midst of its smoke and
noise, creates that impression upon my mind.
And I have heard the remark often made by
passengers upon the railroad that there were
greater evidences of tangible wealth in that
city than in any other city in the United. States.
I believe that to be the truth ; and hence, while
I rejoiceatthe prosperity of the people of Penn-
sylvania, and while I would give no vote, if I
could help it, without direct injury to the peo-
ple I represent, which would materially disturb
their industry or injuriously affect the pros-
perity of that people, yet I do not believe—I
have no faith in the argument of those gentle-
men—those people are in the lamentable con-
dition they represent them to be.
The honorable gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Biair,] in his speech the other day re-
ferred to Mr. Clay and his American policy
with a great deal of triumph. _ Now, sir, when
I first cast a vote for President it was for
Henry Clay, and I always have been very proud
of it. I think he was the great American. I
will say to my Pennsylvania friends who quote
and refer to Henry Clay so often that I will go
as far as Henry Clay ever .advised, provided
they will come up and vote for a tariff that
will adopt his theory of protection. He com-
menced this thing in 1810, very wisely I think,
too, and Mr. Webster in 1824 entered into a
discussion with Mr. Clay on the subject, oppos-
ing his tariff policy, and in that speech, a very
able one, Mr. Webster makes the remarkable
statement which I propose to read. Kemem-
ber this was in 1824. It was in answer to Mr.
Clay's argument that he wanted to protect the
infant manufactures of this country until they
could be placed on their feet, so that in a few
years they could be able to compete with the
manufactures of Engand and other parts of
Europe. Mr. Webster answers, in regard to
the cotton manufacture of New England :
" TheEnglisli cotton manufactures began about tho
commencement of the last reign. Ours can hardly
bo said to havo commonccd with any oarnestness
until the application of tho powcr4oooi in 181-i, not
moro than ton years "igo. Now, sir, I hardly need
again speak of its progress, its present extent, or its
assurance of future enlargement. In some sorts of
fabrics wo are already.exporters, and the products
of our factories are at this moment m tho South
American markets. Wescc, then, what can be done
without prohibition or extraordinary protection,
because we seo what has boen don©; and I venture
to predict that in a few years it will be thought won-
derful that these branches of manufactures, at least,
should have been thought to requiro additional aid
from Government."
In 1883 Mr. Clay introduced his famous com-
promise bill, and you will recollect, Mr. Chair-
man, that bill proposed to establish a gradual
reduction, in which all protection would be
withdrawn from domestic production in from
eight to nine and a half years from the date of
the passage of that bill. Mr. Clay, in one or
two very able speeches, defended this measure.
In one of them he said:
" The most that can be objected to tho bill by those
with whom I cooperate to support the protective
system, is that in consideration of nine and a hall
years of peace, certainty, and stability the manufac-
turers relinquish some advantages which they now
enjoy. What is the prineiplewhich has alwaysbeen
contended forin this and in the other House I After
the accumulation of capital and skill the manufac-
turers will stand alone, unaided by the Government,
in competition with the imported articles from any
quarter. Now, give us time; cease all fluctuations
and agitations for nineyears, and the manufacturers
in every branch will sustain themselves against for-
cign competition."
The great father of the protective system
asked only nine years of a tariff which the pro-
tectionists would now spurn as affording them
no protection at all. It was then from 20 to
SO per cent., and Mr. Clay was then contend-
ing that if the tariff were retained for only nine
years the domestic manufactures would not
require it any longer. In the same speech he
says further:
"Tho protective principles must be said to bo in
some measure relinquished at the end of eight years
and a half. This period cannot appear unreasona-
ble, and 1 think thatno member of the Sonate or any
portion of tho country ought to make the slightest
objection."
Now, Mr. Chairman, almost forty years have
passed; forty years of vast and unexampled pros-
perity ; forty years wherein our people have ac-
cumulated wealth more rapidly than any peo-
ple before on the face of the earth have ever
accumulated wealth; and at the end of that
time these men come up and demand a tariff
almost three times as great as that which the
great father of this protective system demanded
for only nine years. I cannot understand how
this should be. If they can show that this sys-
tem for which they contend works equal pro-
tection to all the productive interests of this
country, if they can show me that, then I will
vote for any tariff they have a mind to impose.
They say that they are in favor of protecting
American industry. That, _ Mr. Chairman, is
just precisely what I am in favor of, and I
understand it is just precisely what my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] contended for in
his very able speech the other day. They are
for protecting American industry; so am I.
They say they wish to build up American in-
dustry ; so do I. And if they can show me
how the great productive interests of this
country are to be upheld by the exorbitant
tariff which they impose, then I will go with
them. But, sir, as I understand it, the manu-
facturers represent but a very small portion of
the industrial interests of this country. The
agricultural interest of this country is very
much larger. I suppose we might say that it
embraces one third nearly of the population of
this country. I believe there are from 12,000,-
000 to 14,000,000 people in the United States
that are directly interested in agriculture. I
can understand how the farmer living in the
vicinity of a manufacturing town may derive
benefits from a protective system; because he
sells his vegetables and all the smaller products
of his farm for very high prices. He can do a
marketing business to very great advantage,
and I can understand how the establishment
of manufacturing interests adjacent to his_ farm
will be very profitable to him. But an inter-
est of that kind is so small, it constitutes so
small a proportion of tho agricultural interests
of this country, that I think it is hardly worth
while taking into the account.
Gentlemen have said, " Why, you ought to
be able to build up manufactures in Minnesota.;
you ought to do your own manufacturing there. '
1 answer that suggestion by referring to a con-
versation that occurred yesterday, in which my
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] took
part. My friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Ames] was telling me yesterday that he wanted
no protection for his firm in their manufacture
of shovels; that they already exported then-
shovels, and sold them in Australia, and else-
where in competition with the British manu-
facturers. To this my friend from Tennessee
replied, " Oh, Mr. Ames does not want any
protection. lie is quite able to compete with
the world. But it is we poor fellows who are
engaged as shovel-makers out in lennessec
who want protection." 1 ask, against whom
do they want protection ? Against England !
No; because England has got a competitor
already in New England who can meet and
compete with her in her own markets. Bui
Tennessee wants to be protected against Mas-
sachusetts. It seems to me that we have no right
nnder our system to pass any laws for suci^ a
purpose as that. Yet if we should undertake
to manufacture in Minnesota we want a tariff,
not only to protect us against Great Britain,
but to protect us against Pennsylvania and New
England as well.
Mr. MAYNARD. "Will the gentleman aliow
xne to make a suggestion just there?
