1870.
THE CQtfGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
3133
He also, from the same committee, towhorn
was referred the petition of Joseph Shelton,
praying Cor bounty as a private in company A,
thirteenth Kansas volunteers, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was ogreed to.
H6 also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Coonnn, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (b. No.
865) increasing the pension of John Coonan.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petitions of Pantha Paxton,
Rath Yates, Adam Pence, and Hiram Pepplea,
praying to be allowed pensions, and that pen-
sions be granted to the surviving soldiers of the
war of 1812, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of Elias Combs and
others, soldiers of the war of 1812, praying
that pension s begranted to the surviving soldiers
and to the widows of soldiers of that war, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
petition of Reuben Grindle. submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (.S. No. 868) for the
relief of Reuben Grindle.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, who were by a resolution of the
Senate instructed to inquire into and report ;
upon the expediency of abolishing the Military ,
Academy at West Point, and of substituting in
lieu thereof an assignment of military officers
to duty at various colleges throughout the Union, ,
to instruct the youth of the country in military
science, or to inaugurate some other system^
that will relieve the Government of the expense
of educating and supporting young men for
Army service who never perform the same, and
by which opportunity maybe given to all who
desire it to secure a military education at their
own expense, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of members of the
Universal Peace Union and Friends of Peace
in America, remonstrating against any enlarge-
ment of the Military Academy at West Point,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of retired officers of
the Army, praying that they may be allowed
their full salary as Buch retired officers, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which wag agreed to
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Mary M. Butts, reported a bill (S. No. 867)
granting a pension to Mary M. Butts; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1336) grant-
ing a pension to Anna B. Snyder, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. McCREERY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1410) granting a pension to Sarah R.
Dick, submitted an adverse report.
Mr. McCREERY. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1411)
granting a pension to Robert H. Brown, of
Champaign county, Illinois, have direeted me
to report it back, and recommend its indefinite
postponement, on the ground that if the case
is as represented it comes under the general
law.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of L. Mer-
chant & Co., praying Congress to refund to
them the amount realized by the Government
for the sale of the bark Ingomar, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ROSS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Clement Wetle, praying for damages for dep-
redations committed by the Sioux Indians, in
1861, reported adversely thereon.
Healso,from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Antoinette Dar-
ling, asking indemnity for damages sustained
by Indian depredations in Minnesota, reported
an amendment on that subjeot, to be offered to
the lndian appropriation bill; which, with the
petition and papers, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Andrew
J. Richardson, praying that the Court of Claims
be authorized to hear his claim for compensa-1
tion for the use of the steamer Niagara, char-
tered by the Government on the 27th day of
November, 1862, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
I was referred the petitipn of William R, Mason,
praying compensation for property taken, used,
and destroyed by United States troops in lSGl,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William H. Gould,
administrator of James Gould, deceased, father
of Charles M. V. Gould, deceased, late private
company A, third West Virginia volunteers,
praying tho payment of $100 bounty due the
father of deceased soldier, asked to be dis-
charged from its further considers fciou; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee,, to whom
was referred the petition of J. C. Lewis., pray-
> ing compensation for property taken from him
by the quartermaster's department in 1862 and
1863, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whqra
was referred the petition of the United States
Express Company, praying that the Secretary ;
of the Treasury may be authorized to issue to
said company United States bonds and cou-
pons and interest notes, in lieu of bonds and \
notes destroyed by fire on the Erie railroad in
1866, submitted a report accompanied by a bill i
(S. No. 870) for the relief of the United States j
Express Company.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILLEY, from, the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
J. S. Golladay and John W. Bowling, praying
to be remunerated for fifty barrels of whisky
libeled and sold under act of July 13, 1861,
by the district court for the district of ;Ken-
tucky, reported adversely thereon, and asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to. . > _ r .
He also, from the same-committee, jfco whom
was referred the petition of Horace Tyler, pray-
ing compensation for deepening the channel
across the bar at the mouth of the southwest-
ern pass of the mouth of the Mississippi river,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 869) for the relief of Horace Tyler.- The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Anna Ella Carroll, praying compensa-
tion for suggesting certaiil' plans of operation
for the armies of the United States during the
late war, submitted an adverse report thereon,
and asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
. SHAWNEE RESERVATION.
Mr. ROSS. I am directed by the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 4t>) directing the
Secretary of the Interior to issue a patent to
the. Indiana Yearly Meeting of the Society
of Friends for a certain tract of land in the
Shawnee reservation, to report it back with-
out amendment.
Mr. MORTON. If there be no objection I
should be glad to have that resolution put on
its passage at once.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause to be issued to
the-Indiana Yearly Meeting of the religious
Society of Friends a patent for a certain three
hundred and twenty acre tract of land on which
are- located the Friends' manual labor school
buildings in Johiteon county, Kansas, in pur-
suance of an agreement entered into on the
18th of September, 1858, between Simon D.
Marcy, superintendent, on the part of the
Friends, and the agents and councilmen of the
Shawnee tribe of Indians, and ratified in a full
general council of the Indians, on the receipt
of $500 by the Secretary to be paid into their
tribal fund for general beneficent purposes.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed. ■ ■
: ' MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested:
. A bill (H. IL No. 486) to extend the time
for the completion of the military road from
Fort Wilkins, at.Copper Harbor, in the State
of Michigan, tp Fort Howard, at Green Bay,
in the State of Wisconsin ;
A bill ,(H. R. No. 1140) for the relief of
Charles Trichler, of the county of Adams,
Ohio;
i A bill (H. R. No. 1218) for the relief of
! William P; Einerey, late captain fifty-eighth
United States colored infantry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1331) for the relief of A.
! F. McMillan f
| A biU (H. R. No. 1901) for the relief of
Peter N. Jonte; ,
A bill (H. R, No. 1902) for the relief of
Francis A. Conweil;
A bill (H. R. No. 1903) to authorize the pay-
ment of bounty to Ann McCarthy;
A bill (H. R. No. 1904) for tho relief of
James C. Strong;
A bill (S. R. No. 1905) for the relief of
Howell H. Trask;
A bill (H. R. Np. 1906) providing for the
payment of veteran bounty to certain enlisted
men of the first regiment of New York mounted
rifles;
A bill (H. R. No. 1907) for the relief of B.
Raff;
A bill (H. R. No. 1908) for the relief of
Mrs. Ruliany Brown;
A bill (H. R. No. 1909) to provide for pay-
ment of bounty to certain officers of yolun-
A bill (H- R. No. 1911) for the relief of
George W. Steele;
A bill (H. R. No. 1912) to extend the time
within which persons elected to office may take
the oath prescribed in the act entitled "An
act to admit the State of Texas to representa-
tion in the Congress of the United States,"
, approved March 30,1870:
! A bill (H. R. No. I960) granting a pension
| to Mary Lincoln!; and
i A joint resolution (H. R. No. 274) relating
to Fort Craig military reservation.
i The message also announced that the House
' had concurred in the amendment of the Sen-
| ate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 146) for
tho return of evidence of honorable discharge
I to officers.
i The message also Announced that the House
