1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Provided, That in no case shall such increase exceed
fifty per cent, of the amount of compensation now-
allowed by law.
Mr. MORTON. I think this resolution
ought to be allowed to stand just as it is, leav-
ing it iu the discretion of the Secretary of the
Interior to increase this compensation where
ever it may be necessary. 1 have received
letters from my own State showing that iu
some parts of the State, the newer parts, where
the population is sparse, it will be difficult to
get good men to take the census for the pres-
ent compensation. There are such regions in
the States of Ohio, Illinois, Minnesota, Wis-
consin, and in all the western States ; and in
all the southern States there are counties and
districts so sparsely populated that it will be
difficult to get good men to take the census for
the present compensation. Therefore this mat-
ter should be left just as it is in the resolu-
tion as it stands, to the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to allow this extra com-
pensation iu such sparsely settled districts,
wherever they occur—whether east or west
of the Rocky mountains or the Alleghany
mountains makes 110 difference. Wherever
there is a sparsely settled district or county
where good men cannot bfi obtained to take
the census for the present compensation, the
Secretary of the Interior ought to be allowed
to increase the compensation.
Mr. CORBETT. In conversation with the
Superintendent of the Census he informed me
that in some of the southern States it would
be very difficult to take the census 
Mr. EDMUNDS. If this debate is to go on
I must call for the regular order.
Mr. WILLIAMS and Mr. MORTON. Let
us have a vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then let the fourth rule
be enforced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution was taken up subject to a demand for
the regular order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we can have a vote I
will not press the call now.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to postpone all
prior orders, with a view of proceeding with
this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is the Calendar of resolutions laid over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we ean have a voto
now, I will withdraw the demand.
Mr. NYE. By permission of the Senator
from Vermont, 1 wish to make a statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Corbett] was on the floor when
the Senator from Vermont demanded the regu-
lar order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw the demand
for the present.
Mr. CORBETT. The Superintendent of the
Census informed me that in many of the south-
ern States it would be very difficult indeed to
take the census, owing to the fact that the
slaves are now free and are* scattered over a
large extent of country, and the taking ot the
census will be a very different matter from what
it was when they were held as slaves. | hen
their masters were interested iu the subject,
and gave in the enumeration to the marshals.
The marshals went to the planters, and they
gave the statistics. Now, the marshals will
have to go around to every little cabin and take
the statistics themselves. It does seem to me
that this matter should be left iu the discretion
of the Secretary of the Interior. We eeitainly
can trust the present Secretary of the^ Interior
to do this. I hope the amendment will not be
adopted.
• Mr. NYE. I merely desire to say that I
received a letter from the marshal of my own
Slate yesterday, in which he said that he could
get but two persons in the thickly settled por-
tion of the country to take the position of enum-
erators. I wrote back to him saying that I
did not suppose it would be possible to do it.
That is mv testimony.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope this resolution will
pass without the amendment of the Senator
irom Ohio ? and I wish to call attention to the
rule which prevails for ascertaining the mile-
^Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senator will
allow us to take a vote without going into that
discussion.
Mr. SAWYER. I will not go into that dis-
cussion except to say two 6r three words. The
rule which now exists by law is a rule having no
possible arithmetical proportion to the actual
mileage. It is a mere guess from beginning to
end, and has not one particle of mathematical
principle to rest upon. There is not one chance
in a million that the actual mileage can be or
will be calculated by that rule, and I defy any
mathematician in the country to prove the
opposite of that statement. In the next place,
in the taking of the last census there were cases
m which, under that rule, marshals got $1 00
or $1 70 a day and other marshals got thirty-
two dollars a day. If those are not reasons
for the adoption of this resolution, I do not
know what are.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I suggest to the Sen-
ate that there need be no practical difficulty
about this matter. I will undertake to find
men enough in my own State who are good
Republicans to take the census throughout the
whole United States for the present salary.
They are very desirous of holding office under
the Federal Government, and they set out very
early in this campaign, with the aid of their
fellow-citizens of African descent, to carry that
State, in the hope of getting some Federal
offices. I believe they have abandoned all
idea of that now, and I think we can send a
band of pilgrims from there around the United
States to take the census at the present prices.
[Laughter.] I tender the offer to the Senate,
and I have no doubt we shall be able to find
the men.
The VICE "PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator lrom Ohio.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by adding the following:
Nor shall this resolution apply to any State east
of the Mississippi river, or to the States of Missouri,
Iowa, Arkansas, or Louisiana.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope that amendment
will be voted down.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron, Cas-
sorly, Davis, Kdmunds, Fowler, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Harlan, Morrill of Vermont, Saulsbury, Sher-
man. Sprague, Trumbull, and Vickers—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Boiemun, Brovrnlow,
Buckingham, Chandler, Cote, Corbelt,-Drake, Ferrv,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harris, Howard, Howell,
McDonald, Morrill ot Maine, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, lliec, Rob-
ertson, Ross, Saivycr, Schurz, Scott. Spencer, Stew-
art, Sumner, Thayer, Willey, and Williams—37.
ABSKNT—Messrs.Ames, Oaipenter, -'intell, Conk-
ling, Cra<nn, Fen ton, Hamilton of Texas. Ho we, John-
ston, Kelloprg, Lewis, McCrcery, Norton, Revels,
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Warner, Wilson, and
Y atcs—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYAliD. I do not propose to delay the
passage of this measure after it has so appar-
ently received the assent of a large majority
of this body, composed of intelligent gentle-
men who understand now, I believe, pretty much
what they are voting for; but I must be per-
mitted to present to the Senate one comment.
Here is a proposition to increase the compen-
sation of a veiy large class of public employ6s
one half, and this is done in face of the fact
that in the more densly populated portions ot
the country they are the best-paid class of men,
in proportion to the capacity demanded from
them and the character of duty required from
them, of any class that I know of. There is,
I believe, no occupation sought for more con-
stantly, in regard to which there is so much
conflict for the appointment, as your assistant
marshals for taking the census. The Senate
have deliberately refused to restrict this increase
of compensation ; for every man knows practi-
cally that if you give it in one case, leaving open
to the officer his mere discretion to guard him
in other cases, it amounts to a general law to
pay the increase to the wholeforpressure will
be brought upon him, each man's eloquence and
each man's interest, to induce him to extend
the same pay to all alike.
Sir, it is a strange commentary upon the pro-
fessions in favor of retrenchmentaud economy
of those who have the control of the law-
making power in this country, that in face of
the taxation under which this country is to-day
groaning, in the face of the necessity for econ-
omy in every branch of the public service, the
Senate should refuse to restrict their present
action to those sections of the country where
reasonably there may be a necessity for this
increase; I moan the more thinly settled por-
tions of the country, where it was my impres-
sion we had by law provided for this very in-
creased compensation. I had been in hopes that
iu the States lying upon the Pacific coast, iu the
States where the population is more scattered,
there would be this discretionary power in the
Secretary of the Interior to reward these offi-
cers accoiuing to their work; but the Senate
seem disposed, in face of the facts, to pay the
men who to-day earn from fifteen to twenty
dollars daily in the more densely populated
States by a very easy day's work, fifty percent,
more, for the same reasons that they give to a
man who is earning two or three dollars, and
doing it by severe riding and labor in thinly
populated States, an increase of fifty per cent,
upon that small sum. Jf this resolution is to
be passed I call for the yeas and nays upon its
uassage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end
of the resolution:
Nor more than five dollars per day for tho time
actually employed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I only wish to say that I
ljope that amendment will not be adopted, for
the reason that it costs that amount'of money
to travel in the State of Oregon and in these
'Territories.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me ask the Senator
from Oregon if he will accept ten dollars, so
that we may have some limit?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly; I have no
objection to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I decline to
modify tho amendment in accordance with tho
suggestion of the Senator from Illinois; but I
will modify it by saying six dollars.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont modifies his amendment so as to make
the sum six dollars.
Mr. STEWART. That will not do, because
in my State you could not travel for less than
six dollars a day for actual expenses.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
if men can breathe in his State for six dollars
adav? [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. That depends very much
on the condition of their lungs. [Laughter.J
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to state to the Sen-
ate that a traveler in Oregon, Idaho, and that
region of country is compelled to pay a dollar
in gold for each meal of victuals. Then
there are the expenses of the horse to be paid,
ii' he travels on horseback ; and that is a neces-
sity ill traveling through that country. If a
man's personal expenses are from three to four
dollars a day, besides the expenses of his horse,
how much can he make in taking the census?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sen-
ator to say he would be content with ten dol-
lars : will he take eight? I will make that
motion, if he will agree to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose eight dollars
would answer.
AV. TRUMBULL. Then I move to amen
the amendment by striking out six and
inserting eight. ' * .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
