1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
occasion fcr the Senate to be in executive ses-
sion longer than a few minutes.
Mr. RAMSEY. Had wenotbettergo through
with the morning business first?
Mr. SUMNJSK. "Wo shall come out very
soon.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Tlio motion was agreed to; and after four
hours and a halt spent in executive session,
the doors were reopened.
MESSAGE FJ103I THE HOC/SH.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A_ bill (II. K, No. 104-1) to authorize the
.Legislative Assemblies of the Territories of the
united States to pass general acts of corpora-
tion for educational and other purposes ;
^ A bill (If. j£. Ho. 1080) in aid of the execu-
tion of the laws in the Territory of Utah, and
for other purposes ; and
A hill (1[. j£. No. H!0(J) to regulate appoint-
ments to the Military and Naval Academic*.
PETITIONS A.N'l) JIKMOltlAl.S.
Mr. SCIIUltZ presented a petition from citi-
zensof Missouri, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
■H1"' presented the petition of
A. ii. Shotwcll, now a resident of Louisville,
Kentucky, praying payment to him by the
uovernment of £2,500 for the use ami dcslrae-
lion ol the tow boat Stella Ulaneho by ihe
Government during the lato wav j whieji was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
llllt intjlodijcki). i
Mr. .1 BUMBUIiIj asked, and by unanimous j
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. :
No. 708) for the encouragement and protection
of dramatic compositions, designed and suit-
able lor public representation, by lioeuriiig t<>
the authors and proprietors of the same certain
rights diiriiigthotiini! herein mentioned ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to I lie (loin-
initteo on the Library, and ordered to be
printed.
uotfsH him.s inn-'r.miKU,
Thofollowing bills were severally read Uk-e
by their titles, and referred to Hie CymmiUee
on Territories:
Abill(il. 1'., Mo. JO f!) to authorize the I jojtis-
lativo Assemblies of the 'iViritories of ihe
United States to pas ; general acts oi eot-po";).-
tion for educational and other purposes ;
A bill (II. U. No. 108'J) m aid of the e.xeeti-
tion of the laws in tin; Territory of Utah, and
for other purposes; and
The bill (tl. It. No. 10(10) to regulate an-
pomtments to the Military and Naval Acad-
emies was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. 110WAKJ), the Senate
adjourned. j
The SPEAKER. It can only bo taken up
by unanimous consent.
Mr. COX. _ There is not much in the tnes-
saf ®> hut I will not objcct to its being printed.
I here,being no objection, the message was
taken from the Speaker's table, referred to
the select Committee on the Causes of the
Reduction of American Tonnage, and ordered
to be printed.
SAW: 01? CADHTSIIIPS.
_ Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I have been trying for two days to gel
an opportunity to present a privileged report
from the Committee on Military Affairs. I ask
that the report be now read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I shall
call for the regular order after this subject shall
; have been disposed of.
' _ The SPEAKER. The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs are authorized to report at any
time upon the subject of cadetship appoint-
ments.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to fubmit a report;
. which I ask may lie read.
! The repott was read, as follows:
|| Tho _eonmiiftee «n Military Affairs, who wore
i; authorized by tho resolutions of tho llouso of lien-
i ri'Mcnta ivos of tho -11ti day ol February, 1870, and
i! Altu-oh 1. lb,0, to inquire into tho alleged anlo of
i'lipouiimonta to t lio Military and Naval Academics
;i ',y ^''s ot tins (Jointress, respectfully submit
j! ImWollowiufrreport:
j. iuo conmutteo Imye takun evidenco relating to a
I: jjnmhcrot eases and Uml that many irregularities
navo (K-currcd in iippomtmontH having boon made
i; iroin dihtricta m which the appointee did not reside,
ji buch ap point jueuts ol non-re,sidents havo bocn wodo
,i in viola turn o( t ho law which explicitly provides that
jj persons appointed t'tidol^nt thoMilitary Academy
j: and imdshipincu at iho .Nnvnl A^aJwny, shall ho
iH-aiai muknln ot tU<* di.jtricU from whicli such
i! jjppointmcnfH purport jo bo mudo. in s-omo cases
i; lie appoints Wd.i ;:ontto thedUrieUorashorttiinft
toKivn him a protomlml residence. Thcso illrcraJ
, pnic(ioo3 tipp*. :u- io havo grown up during tho war
tiTid ntvol.ocu m .*>01110 (legtoo owing to a.too lax eou-
Miut lion ol iho Inw l y tho War nnd Navy Depart-
ment*. J hi>au JjeimrimiMiis appear (o bo endeavor-
m>, U> out tuo mmnvneo of such abuses. The
\V;lr Doi'.'jrtiiuui! took action upon tho nulyccfcpre-
j un\> to {no m vesication upon which tho commit-
v hoen ciiimfrotl, as appoaN irom tho ovj-
i.Hi'n/lh'eomim takl!U
Thocouiinil loe im.l thai in-omo i;i itinees money
liu-. Iieen iiaidlo/iiu tieh u tiohn vo, rlirmi;;h the inltu-
eliuii ol tliiuusoh-uH nnd Iriomla, proeureil :i]n>oint-
A'oiii momhors oi Uonsrc-s- butLlio^i*
testily Hint retained the money for their own
use, and that the members hud no knowledge that
liny eoiisideratiou had beennaid to obtain the in tin-
meat W'M UU!t ^ ^''ar "'•■'^urothoaiipohit-
I  Roinfti- lnci the evideoeo mm eonflictingand eon -
tiai.U'toiy tlutt lioibu,.; ,s proven that can ho relied
HOUSE OF -REPRESENTATIVES,
TmmsDAY, March 24, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. 3'raver
oy the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and
apjiroved.
DEOMNK OP AMERICAN CO.TOinilCli.
Mr. LYhCR. I ask unftfiimoua consent that
the message of tho President of the United
States in relation to the decline of American
commerce be taken from the Speaker's table,
referred to the select Committee on tho Causes
of tho Reduction of American Tonnage, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. COX. Wiil it be debatable V I do not
want to interrupt the order of the Jiou.se, but!
think the message—
i ujmn.
|i Tho committee Inui,,,, carefully oxrniined Ml the
,i p,iii>oj,v m thee,He* now heloro (hem, olher th.-m'
, iio.io :i I'oiuly v..„orted to tho lions,., have urnuii-
, Monsh concluded thui mo t.iet; proven aio not
, eieut to .vaiv.ri. Ha  lu reponoiK the oiwm to the
, i oaM'toriiuyaeiioiion ih tout. Thuuoiiiuiitlceiiro
oi theopniion nia^-nue he.'-they do net feel V(-;irrii 11 tod
i in leiiio'uii^- the eo,utile t ot uuy liieuiijer to the Jloa^e
; mr It.-I aetion. (,iat ttiev may properlv report m
'lns(i(.iieriil\vn.viii,iiUeelin;!ttiiUlheyJiayotaitlilHllv
j dibeiiai'Ked their duly without prejudice 'iK'Viust oi
! l>; 't;al,tyfo,- „o5 member ot ciaiSVoflSeei-"f
tile Oovormueut however painlul or distnsteful it
}! ,'j' tiOtn any lm-ther coilKider,tt.ion of tile
j■ fuhioet. '1 hoy reportjiercwith a bill to prevent tho
turther eoiitinuaiH',0 ol tho i jle^al practice of appoin t-
|j in-lniii-iesideiita t« tho 11111nary and naval j-otiools
|| on,I recommend ihe pa-.c.rc ot tho saiao They akJ
' iutious00" adoption ol tho accompanying rcno-
i .%r-J that the bill be read,
j i ho bill. (Ji. Iv. ho. JoOU) to regulate appoint,-
| menis to the Military and iSraval Acadamies was
I read a iirst and second time.
i Tho question was upon ordering the bill to
,i bo engrossed and read a third time
;! The first section of the bill provides that from
;; and after tno passage of this act no appointment
:! as a cadet or midshipman from anv Territorv
or cimoressional district to (be Military or
; Naval Academy of the United States shall bo
i vtihd unless the appointee shall have been an
appointment of any person as a cadet or mid-
shipman to either of said academies from any
Territory or congressional district as afbresaid
there shall be filed, with the recommendation
of the member of Congress, an affidavit properly
sworn to before some person duly authorized
to administer oaths, of the person so recom-
mehded that he has resided in the district or
Territory, as provided itl the first section of
this act; and appointments from territories or
congressional districts shall not bo made in any
other manner than is provided in this act.
The third section provides that if at any time
prior to the graduation of the person or per-
sons so appointed it shall be discovered that
tho affidavit is false, or that tho appointment
was procured through or by corrupt means, the
cadet or midshipman shall at once bo dismissed
from said Military or Naval Academy to which
he may have been appointed.
Mr. LOG-AN. I ask that this bill be now
put upon its passage.
■ Mr. W001). I believe that the report of
tho Committee on Military Affairs docs no;
propose any retroactive action with reference
to cadets already appointed who were not res-
idents of the proper district at the time of the
appointment.
Mr. JjOGtAN. It does not.
Mr. WOOD. I understand that the prop-
osition is that cadets hereafter appointed shall
havo been residents of the district from which
appointed for two years. I will say for myself
personally that I think the Committee ou Mil
itary Affairs have discharged with fidelity, with
entire impartiality, and in a manner creditable
to themselves and to this House, the duties
imposed on them, and the suggestions and
recommendations of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs I think should be adopted.
Mi'. LOGAN. I will say that the commit-
tee havo reported some resolutions which have
not been read. I will ask that the resolutions
be now read, so that the House may under-
stand what is tho entire report of the commit-
tee. 1 asked that the bill should be first, road
because I wanted tho bill first acted on. '
-1Does tho gentleman ask
tnat the bill be acted upon at this time ?
Mr. JaOGAN. That, is what I desire, lask
however, that the resolutions be read, so that
tno ilouse may be in possession of all the ree-
ominundations ot tho Committee on Miliary
Allan's. 1
The Clerk read as follows:
H hcreas the tc.-timony presented to the Ifou'i" of
lu'tircwntativen on the ttith instant as tike'i hv t .1
•mumuteo ou Military AfuSrs m tho cm^ if Y' V
Lll LMt, cicqHy shows that General A Sciiooi>c
<)i tho cxainmeis n tho Patent <)iW\,7 ,^ ' V
ldacou'ifufriilidfoft,1,0 Svldo?co i!1 *-i'd 'ease bo
understand that the gentlemau referred toiij
the resolution just read has within a few da -
past icsigned. We did not know this fact ni'
not ^"esolutio  drawn ; but we have
"n tuSort n£ces8a7 t0 milkc change
co  i"teoT lebo!mion
Siogie£t-.?H1' wouhl like to make a
deficit tm^ltNri ^ t,rusfc/,tllc gentleman will
of the resolution! fimshed tho
Ihe Clerk read as follows :
iinposedfcylaw^Vc^noaher°ft?,th?rI>(!lla1"" «o-7
f cntitivesis hereby directed to ex-etn,' 01 CI"
lieges of the tlonv ' i lAeiuaeiroin all ]iuv-
aud all galleries of' Tr?ms' ulerlw'
Mcrson o7 ,S M®"?0 ?f rtopresom.,
l > V oliitn JJiirVP OM
h rc-sideut of t he Territory or district Iron I HT" whVw bUn wTwte-08 ■
II Tho second section provides that before the
consideration with n vf w 5 "g«llua .aily v.Uuahi,.
in any
