2190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
Whereas it is in cvidcacc before the Committee on
Military Affairs of this House as well as admitted
by Commander John LI. Upshur, of the Navy, that he
paid the sum of $1,300 to one M. D. Landon, with a
view of having said money used in procuring1 tho
appointment of his son to the Naval Academy at
Annapolis: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That a copy of said evidence bo
transmitted to the Secretary of the Navy, and that
he bo directed to convene a court-martial for the
purpose of putting said Commander Upshur on trial
for conduct unbecoming an officer.
Mr. VOORHEES. Before that resolution
is passed I would like to say a word upon it.
Mr. LOGAN. I am desirous that the House
shall act on these propositions one at a time ;
and I propose that the bill shall first be con-
sidercd.
Mr. VOOBHEES. My attention has been
called to the case of Captain Upshur by one
of the most excellent officers of the Navy; and
when the resolution in relation to Captain
Upshur shall be under consideration I desire
to say a few words in connection with that
matter.
Mr. ABNELL. Will the gentleman from,
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] before calling the pre-
vious question on the first resolution yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. LOGAN. I propose to have the House
act on the bill, upon which I will ask the pre-
vious question ; and after the bill is disposed of
the resolutions can be taken up. I certainly
have uo desire to cut oil' any remarks or sug-
gestions which any gentleman may desire to
submit.
Mr. POTTER. I would like to say a word
in regard to the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well ; I yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, the provision
of this bill which requires that every candidate
shall have resided, prior to his nomination,
two years within the district from which he may
be nominated is one which, it seems to me,
may work harshly, particularly in large cities.
Take, for instance, the city of New York, or
of Philadelphia, or any city embracing a num-
ber of congressional districts. A street may
be the dividing lino between two districts, and
a man x-emoving from one side of the street to
the other may thereby go into another con-
gressional district, so that there are frequently
persons in our great cities who do not live for
two years continuously in any district. Wealthy
peoplo residing in their own houses remain for
years in one location ; but people of moderate
means, as the city grows, remove often from
one district to another. This is particularly
true of the suburbs of New York, a consider-
able portion of which are included in my dis-
trict. I am satisfied that to require that the
nominee to a cadetship shall have resided two
years within tho district from which he is nom-
inated will deprive many meritorious young
men of a chance for these nominations, and I
trust therefore the bill will bo modified in this
respect.
Mr. LOGAN. I presume, Mr. Speaker,
that we could not frame a bill that might not
work hardship in some few cases. If we are
to stop this practice of going to a district and
residing for a short time for the mere purpose
of obtaining a nominal residence there we
must do it by fixing some time that shall bo
necessary to constitute a residence, as we pro-
pose to provide in this bill.
Mr. BURR. My colleague will permit me
to say that it strikes me one year would be a
more appropriate period. That is the time
usually required by the States to constitute a
residence as a qualification for voting. I
would remind my colleague also that the dis-
tricts are frequently changed.
Mr. LOGAN. My colleague will find, if he
will examine the question, that the change in
the boundaries of a congressional district will
not affect this matter at all. Residence in a
particular place for two years would be con-
sidered as residence within the district for two
years, although during that time the bounda-
ries of the district might have been changed
so as to transfer that particular place from one
district to another. My colleague will remem-
ber a case which arose in our own State where
a judge elected from southern Illinois had
resided only a short time within the particular
district, because his county h,ad recently been
transferred from one district to another. Yet
it was decided by the judiciary of our State
that he was a resident of the district under the
requirements of the constitution and the laws.
That is the construction which has been adopted
in many cases which I could cite.
Mr. BURR. Under the two years' require-
ment of residence the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs might be in the posi-
tion of having a legal voter residing in his own
district, which is the whole State, and yet
whose son was not a legal voter, not having a
residence under this bill which is requisite. It
seems to me that it will impose hardships.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not at all tenacious
about it, but I will say this to the gentleman
and the House : that if you fix it at one year
then people will say that is a hardship, be-
cause in some States I think they allow a
man to vote after six months' residence. I be-
lieve they do in Indiana. In my own State
they do not. There are different laws in differ-
ent States. You may say one year will be a
hardship. You cannot arrange the time with-
out hardship to somebody. I will give to the
House the reason why I put two years in and why
it was agreed to by the committee. It was that
there might not be any question as to the resi-
dence, none whatever. That will fix it at such
a time that there can be no trickery. A person
residing in a district for two years will of course
be a resident and a citizen.
Mr. ARCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to move an amendment?
Mr. LOGAN. I will hear it.
Mr. ARCHER. It is to add to the oath
proposed in the bill "and shall also make
oath that the appointee is not related to said
member within the fourth degree of affinity or
consanguinity."
Mr. LOGAN. I hope no such amendment
will be adopted. Although there has been no
expression of the committee, still I am satis-
fied that the committee are not tenacious of
ihe two years' time. I shall not consider it
any disagreement with the committee if the
House desire to fix the time atone year instead
of two. If gentlemeu desire to move that
amendment i will yield for that purpose so
that tho sense of the House may be tested on
the question.
Mi'. NIBLACK. I will move that amend-
ment if tho gentleman will allow me.
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend by mak-
ing it one year.
The SPEAKER. On which measure does
the gentleman from Illinois first ask for a
vote ?
Mr. LOGAN. The bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the demand for the pre-
vious question is not now seconded will it cut
off amendments to the resolution?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House.
Mr. ARCHER. Will the gentleman allow
my amendment to come before the House?
Mr. LOGAN. If it were adopted I should
move that the bill bo laid upon the table. I
demand the previous question.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the chairman
of the committee this question: whether in the
case of the West Point Military Academy there
is now any provision of law which gives the
member of Congress from tho district any
power or authority over the appointment of a
cadet whatever, or whether the law does not
simply provide there shall be one appointee
from each congressional district, the recom-
mendation of the member of Congress being
a mere usage; and if that be so, whether it is
the purpose by this bill to alter the law in that
respect, and make the recommendation of the
member of Congress the condition of tho
appointment of the West Point cadet?
Mr. LOGAN. So far as I know there is no
law authorizing a member of Congress or mak-
ing it incumbent upon him to make the ap-
pointment to West Point. The appointments
of West Point cadets are made by the Presi-
dent. The usage has been for so many years
for members of Congress to make the recom-
mendations that it has become a law so i'ar as
the department is concerned.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
a law providing for the recommendations of
members of Congress.
Mr. LOGAN. Perhaps that is the case. The
latter part of the second section of the hill pro-
vides that the appointments shall not be made
in any other way, that they shall not be made
except on the recommendation of a member
of Congress.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinoiswhetheritdoesnotmalce the cadet
reside in tho district longer than t.he member
himself lias lived in the district? I think some
of our'southern friends will bo cut off on the
two years' principle. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. And some of your north-
ern friends.
Mr. McNEELY. Name one.
Mr. STEVENSON. What about Mr. Cox,
of New York.
Mr. COX. I have lived five years in my
district, three years longer than you have lived
in yours. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. So much the greater
compliment for me.
Mr. COX. And longer than you have been
in the Republican party. [Laughter.]
Mr. McNEELY. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to move the previous question on the reso-
lutions?
Mr. LOGAN. I have only moved the pre-
vious question on the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I attempted to enter a motion to
require a residence in the district of one year
only instead of two years, as provided in the
bill. Is that amendment pending ?
The SPEAKER. That amendment is pend-
ing ; it is the first question on which the pre-
vious question will operate.
Mr. ARCHER, is the amendment which I
offered pending ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so
understand.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not admit the gentle-
man's amendment.
' Mr. JUDD. It has been suggested that the
language of the bill is such that its meaning
may be doubtful as regards the residence of the
nominee when thelines of the district have been
changed within the two years. I would sug-
gest to my colleague [Mr. Logan] that after the
word "residence," in the line where it occurs,
the following words be inserted : " within the
limits of the district or Territory."
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. O'NEILL. 1 hope the limitation as to
time of residence will be made to correspond
with the time which is required to obtain citi-
zenship in the respective States. For instance,
in the State of Pennsylvania one who has been
a citizen and who leaves the State can, upon
returning to the State, after six months resume
all the rights of citizenship ; while a stranger
who comes from another State, never having
resided in the State, and never having acquired
a residence or citizenship there, becomes a citi -
zeu in one year. Now, I do not know why
we should put a limit here which should be
greater than the limit within which citizenship
may be obtained in any of the States respect-
ively.
Mr. LOGAN. T accept the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. NibLack,j
to make the time of residence one year instead
of two. 1 also accept the amendment of tho
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Jur®.]
