1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
KNROLLED BILLS SIGNBD.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (S.
No. 435) for the temporary relief of the poor
and destitute people in the District of Colum-
bia ; when the Speaker signed the same.
And then, on motion of Mr. ROOTS, (at
three o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rale, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: A petition of citizens of
Woodburn, Iowa, praying Congress to abolish
the franking privilege.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of N. D. Had-
ley and 32 others, citizens of Nodaway county,
Missouri, asking the repeal of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Levi M. Martin, assist-
ant postmaster, and 52 others, citizens of Sul-
livan county, Missouri, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Richard
Hawea, of Bourbon county, Kentucky, praying
for relief from political disabilities.
Also, the petition of Alie G. Hunt, of Lex-
ington, Kentucky, praying for relief from
political disabilities.
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of Nancy
Creger, of Clark county, Missouri, for a pen-
sion.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hannibal, Mis-
souri, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Randolph
.county, Missouri, for the same purpose.
By Mr. BIRD: A petition for the abolition
of the franking privilege from citizens of Junc-
tion, Sand Brook, Kenton, New Germaatown,
Harrisburg, Centreville, Union, and Stanton,
New Jetsey.
By Mr. BOYD: A petition of 500 citizens
of the fourth congressional district of Missouri,
praying for the Volition of the franking priv-
il6ge«
By Mr. BRADFORD: A petition of 17 cit-
izens of YVhitely, Colorado, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 8 citizens of San Lnis,
Colorado, for the same object.
Also, a petition of 86 citizens of Costillo,
Colorado, tor the same object*
Also, a petition of 7 citizens of Buckston,
Colorado, for the same object.
Also, a petition of 88 citizens of Donglas
county, Colorado, for the same object.
Also, a petition of 38 citizens of Virginia
City, Colorado, for the same object.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
William McIIhern, president of the cigar-mak-
ers' union, Fall River, Massachusetts, praying
for an increase of duty on all imported cigars.
Also, the memorial of S. S. Howell and 17
others, citizens of New Bedford, Massachu-
setts, praying for the same.
By Mr. BURCHARD: The memorial of
Thomas J. Fiss, a disabled soldier, asking for
a pension.
Also, petitions of citizens of Rock Grove,
Buena Vista, and Lindenwood, Illinois, ask-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: A peti-
tion of citizens of Salem, Massachusetts, pray-
ing for the restoration of the tariff on imported
cigars to three dollars per pound and fifty per
cent, ad valorem.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of
Massachusetts relating to the duties on foreign
coal.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of C. M. Dam-
ron and 152 others, citizens of Vienna, Johnson
county, Illinois, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of W. E. Rowllet and 96
others, citizens of Crab Orchard, Williamson
county, Illinois, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of W. H. Parish and 14
others, citizens of Eldorado, Saline county,
Illinois, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the, petition of George M. Rice and 37
others, citizens of Illinois, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William iloark and 32
others, citizens of Somerset, post office, Saline
county, Illinois, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: A memorial of the
Board of Trade of the city of Oswego, asking
that the duty on wheat and rye be fixed at ten
cents per bushel.
Also, the petition of Bridget Bergen, widow
of Thomas Bergen, private of company G,
fourth New York artillery, for pension.
Also, the petition of Fannie Clark, widow
of David Clark, laborer in the first division
of the construction corps in Virginia, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Charles B. Fairchild.
lieuteuant in the first regiment of New York
veteran cavalry, for a pension from July 20,
1865.
Also, the petition of Oriila Gates, mother
of Rufus Gates, deceased, private company E,
second regiment New York veteran cavalry,
for a pension.
Also, the petition of William H. Spauburgh,
second lieutenant company C, one hundred
and fifty-ninth regiment New York volunteers,
for a pension as second lieutenant from Febru-
ary 26, 1864.
Also, the petition of Jeremiah Wright, for
arrears of pension as a soldier of the war of
1812, from November 11, 1824, to November
13.1828.
By Mn DONLEY: A petition of a large
number of citizens of Washington county, Penn-
sylvania, praying that the internal revenue law
be so changed or modified that flouring-mills
attached to distilleries be allowed to grind
custom work.
Also, the petition of A. D. France and others,
citizens of Washington county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. DOX: The petition of J. E. Cun-
ningham and 29 others, citizens residing near
Ringgold post office, in the State of Alabama,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of William P. Dunning
and 47 others, citizens living near Morrisville
post office, Calhoun county, Alabama, for the
same purpose.
By Mr. DUVAL: A petition of the manu-
facturers of common cigars in the city of
Wheeling, West Virginia, praying for reduc-
tion of the tax on the same.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE : Petitions of citizens
of Belgium, Ozaukee, Sheboygan, Concord,
Mequon, West: Bend, Theresa, and of Our
Town, in the State of Wisconsin, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: Twenty peti-
tions of citizens of the second congressional
district of Missouri, praying for the abolition
of the frankingprivilege.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: A petition of citizens
of the city ofTituaville, Pennsylvania, praying
that the duties on imported tobacco be restored
to three dollars per pound.
Also, apetition of citizens of Franklin, Penn-
sylvania, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also,a petition of citizens of Richmond town-
ship, Crawford eounty, Pennsylvania, of like
import.
Also, a petition of citizens of Clarion county,
Pennsylvania, of like import.
By Mr. HAIGHT: A petition from citizens
of Eaton town, Colt's Neck, Matawan, Chapel
Hill, and Englishtown, Monmonth county; of
Burlington city, Jacksonville, Moorestown
and Medford, Burlington county; of West
Creek, Ocean county; and of Titusville, Mercer
county,New Jersey, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of J. L. Curtis
and others, of Morristown, New Jersey, cigar-
manufacturers and journeymen cigar-makers,
asking Congress to restore the taritF rates ou
imported cigars.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of petit jurors of the United States
district court of Massachusetts, for increase of
compensation to grand and petit jurors in tlie
United States courts.
By Mr. HOTCEIKISS: The petition of
Mary M. Jayne, to be placed oil tlie pension-
roll.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A petition
of cigar-manufacturers, makers, and dealers iti
cigars and leaf tobacco, in Newport, Kentucky,
to restore the tariff rates on imported cigars to
three dollars per pound and fifty per cent, ad
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of A. W.
Brewster. J. T. Wilson, and 150 others, citi-
zens of Harrison county, Indiana, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KNAPP: A petition of the Cigar-
tnakers' Union of the village of Norwich, New
York, praying that the proviso in sectiou
eighty-seven of the internal revenue act of
July 20, 1808, be expunged, and that the tariff
of three dollars per pound and fifty per cent.
ad valorem be imposed on all imported cigars.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Kingston,
New York, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. POLAND : Petitions of William B.
Palmer and others, citizens of Danville, Ver-
mont, and of A. Wilder and others, citizens of
South Reading, Vermont, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of C. E. John-
sou and others, citizens of Kentucky, praying
Congress to pass a law pensioning the surviv-
ing soldiers of the war of 1812.
Also, the petition of Joseph M. Alexander
and others, praying the establishment of a post
road from Hillsboro', Fleming county, Ken-
tucky, to Bangor, Morgan county, Kentucky.
Also, the petition of Jonas Butterfield and
others, praying the establishment of a post
road from Hillsboro', Fleming eounty, Ken-
tucky, to Bangor, Morgan couuty, Kentucky.
By Mr. RIDGWAY: The petition of John
W. Mayo and others, of Fluvanna county,
Virginia, for abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of G. J. Stewart aud
others, of Stewartsville, Virginia, for abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of B. H.
Wright, a citizen of the twenty-first New York
district, praying Congress to refund moneys
erroneously assessed and collected as succes-
sion tax.
Also, the petition of Patrick Keenan and 13
others, residents of Dayton, Ohio, praying
Congress to reduce the tax ou cheroots.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
Jacob Bock and 37 others, citizens of Dry
Creek, Linn county, Iowa, asking for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of T. C. McClelland and
129 others, eitizens of Mechanicsville, Cedar
county, Iowa, asking for the same.
Also, the petition of William H. Chapman
and 24 others, citizens of York Prairie, Cedar
couuty, Iowa, asking for the same.
Also, the petition of M. Dill and 28 others,
citizens of Summit, Iowa, and vicinity, asking
for the same. ,
Also, the petition of George W. Beebe and
82 others, citizens of West Liberty, Muscatine
county, Iowa, asking for the same.
By Mr. STRONG: Petitions of E. N.Phelps
and others, cigar manufacturers, &c., ,|
sor, Connecticut, and of Landon & BidwsU
and others, cigar manufacturers, &c., of West
