3134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lutions of the Senate without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 85)0) framing lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from Portland to Astoria and McMinnville, in
the State of Oregon ;
A bill (S. No. 679) to create additional land
districts in the Territory of Dakota, to be
called the Springfield and Pembina district*;
A bill (S. No. 580) to fix the point of junc-
tion of the Union Pacific Railroad Company
and the Central Pacific Railroad Company ;
A bill (S. No. 746) authorizing the First
National Bank of Delhi, New York, to change
its location;
A bill (S. No. 774) to authorise the Burling-
ton and Missouri River Railroad Company, or
its assigns, to change the established line of
said road in the State of Nebraska;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 23) for setting
apart a portion of the Fort Snelling military
reservation for a permanent military post, and
the settlement of all claims in relation thereto;
A joint resolution (3. R. No. 78) relative to
the establishment of a light-station on the
Choptank river, in Maryland;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 159) authoriz-
ing the Postmaster General to prescribe an
earlier time for the execution of contracts by
accepted bidders, and for other purposes; anil
A joiut resolution (S. R. No. 165) extending
the time for the completion of the tirst section
of twenty miles of the Cairo and Fulton rail-
road.
The message farther announced that the
House insisted on its amendment, disagreed
to by the Senate, to the bill (S. No. 95) in rela-
tion to the Hot Springs reservation in Arkan-
sas, agreed to a conference asked by the Sen-
ate on the disagreeing rotes of the two Houses
thereon, and bad appointed Mr. J. P. Knott
of Kentucky, Mr. G. S. Orth of Indiana, and
Mr. A. C. R ogers of Arkansas, managers at
the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
pon-concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1084) to incorporate
the Washington Market Company, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. A. H.
Taswer of New York, Mr. John A. Logan
of Illinois, and Mr. C. H. Van Wyck. of New
York, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 77)
authorizing the distribution of the copies re-
maining in the Department of State of the
Tributes of the Nations to Abraham Lincoln,
with an amendment, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the Honse had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 9) to provide for the revis-
ion and consolidation ot' the statutes of the
United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 945)'to provide for the
survey of the Fort Gratiot military reservation,
in the State of Michigan;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 125) for the
reliet of James L. Ridgeiv, collector of internal
revenue for the second district of Maryland;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 144) to enable
the Court of Claims to hear and determine the
claim of E. Diekelman, a subject of the king
of Prussia; and
A joint resolution (H. R; No. 197) for the
relief of George S. Atkinson, late assistant
quartermaster of volunteers.
billsintroduced.
Mr. POOL asked, and by nnanimons con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. !
871) to enforce the fourteenth amendment to j
the Constitution of the United States, and to |
secure and protect the rights, privileges, and i|
immunities of American citizenship find to fur- !i
nish the means of their vindication; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER nsked, and by unanimous
Consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 872) to amend an act entitled "An act to
amend an act to establish a court for the
investigation of claims against the United
States ;" which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say in reference
to this bill that the act establishing the Court
of Claims, asamended, requires parties making
claims against the United States to prove their
loyalty in all cases, whether the cause ol' the
claim arose during or before the rebellion or
since. This bill is to enable parties who have
causes of claim against the United States hav-
ing no relation to or connection with the rebel-
lion, having arisen in matters entirely indiffer-
ent to the rebellion, to come into the court
although they cannot aver their loyalty. I
move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE asked, and by nnanimons con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
873) granting the right of way and lands to the
Sacramento Irrigation and Navigation Com-
pany; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 874)
to reimburse the State of Kansas for moneys
expended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and provisioning militia forces to
aid m suppressing the rebellion; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by nnanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 875) to create a port of delivery at Duluth,
Minnesota; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move the reference of the
bill, together with the petition on the same
subject, which I now present, to the Committee
on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by nnanimons con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 187) extending the time to
construct a railroad from the St. Croix river
or lake to the west end of Lake Superior and
to Bayfield; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
washington market company.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,
it was
Ordered, That the Senate inaut on its amendments
to the bill (H. R. No. 18(H) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Market Company, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives, and agree to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes on the
lame.
The VICE PRESIDENT being authorised
by unanimous consent to appoint the commit-
tee, Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, Mr. Hamlin,
and Mr. Stockton were appointed the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate.
southern maryland railroad.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 597,
to authorize the authorities of the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, to indorse the
bonds of the Southern Maryland Railroad Com-
pany, at the present time, and put it on its
passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The introduction
of bills and joint resolutions is still in order;
but the Senator from Virginia asks unanimous
consent to take up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better go
oil with the Calendar to-day. We want to
complete the Calendar, if possible, to-day.
Mr. LEWIS. This bill was reported some
time ago from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and came up in its order on the
Calendar in my absence and was laid over on
account of my absence. I hope there will be
no objection to taking up the bill now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It can be called up when
the Calendar is taken up.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators sug-
gest that the Senator from Virginia wait until
i the Senate resumes the Calendar, which will
be in a few moments.
j use of patents by tiib government.
! Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to :
IUtolved, That the Committee on Patents be di-
rected to inquiro into the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws relating to patents that the riaht to
tho l'reo use of every patent hereafter issued shall
bo retained by the United States in all its depart-
ment*.
O. II. IIART.
Mr. HOWE. I offer the following resolu-
tion. and ask for its present consideration :
Hevlvetl, That tho Seoretary of the Senato be
diroctcd to pay out of the contingent fund of the
Senato to 0.1J. Hart, claimant of a seat in tho Senate
from tho State of Florida, the usual mileage of a
Senntor and the monthly pay from the data of pre-
senting his credentials until tho passage of tho res-
olution declaring him not entitled to a seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless objected
! to, the resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina objects. As this resolu-
' tion appropriates money from the contingent
. fund, it will have to be considered the same
as a bill. It will be regarded as read the iirst
and second time, and the Senator from South
, Carolina objects to its consideration to day.
j Mr. HOWE. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from South Carolina if he desires
1 a reference of this resolution?
! Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes, sir.
y Mr. HOWE. Let it go to the Committee
on Contingent Expenses.
: i The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution will be referred to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate.
CHANGE OV RULB.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is exhausted. The Secretary will
report the first resolution on the Calendar of
resolutions which was laid over under the rule.
The Secretary read the resolution submitted
by Mr. Williams on the 6th of April last, as
follows:
Retolved, That the rule last adopted by the Sen-
ate in reference to the order of business be so con-
strued as not to apply to the morning hour.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let that lie on the table,
l Mr. ANTHONY. Let it be indefinitely post-
; poned.
j Mr. EDMUNDS. It is just as well on the
table. That gets it off the Calendar.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution will be laid on the
table.
postal and telegraph committee.
The next resolution on the Calendar was one
submitted by Mr. Cole, for the appointment
of a standing committee on foreign postal and
i telegraphic communication.
| Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that resola-
i j tion be referred to the Committee on Rules,
i; Mr. COLE. I have no objection.
I; The motion was agreed to.
tributes to abraham lincoln.
; The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the amendment of the House of Repre-
j sentativesto the joint resolution (S. R. No. 77)
! authorizing the distribution of the copies re-
ji maining in the Department of State of the
Tributes of the Nations to Abraham Lincoln.
The amendment was to strike out all after
the words " to wit" and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
Three copies to each Senator and member of the
