1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
Hartford, Connecticut, praying for an increase
of duty on imported cigars, and protesting
against a reduction of the same.
rBy Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of R.
P. Hawkesand others, ship-carpenters of East
Boston, Massachusetts, to encourage American
ship-builders.
Also, the petition of James Scammell, for
a pension.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE : A petition of citi-
zens of South Carolina, asking that the salary
of Hon. GeorgeS. Bryan, judge of the United
States district court for the State of South Car-
olina. may be increased.
By Mr.WILLARD: Petitions of R. J. Morse
and others, of Vermont; of B. P. White and
others, of Calais, Vermont; of A. C. Bebee
and others, of West Rupert, Vermont; and of
Alonzo F. Putnam and others, of Marshfield,
Vermont—all praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 14, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. Professor A. Fleck, of New
York.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 446) to amend an act
entitled "An act for the relief of Alexander J.
Atocha," approved 14th February, 1865, was
read twice by its title, and, on motion of Mr.
Kellogg, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
STATE OF GEORGIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating a reply to reso-
lutions of the Senate of the 4th instant, request-
ing information in regard to the proceedings
had in the State of Georgia in pursuance of a
recent act of Congress to promote the recon-
struction of the State of Georgia, and in rela-
tion to the reorganization of the Legislature of
that State since the nassage of that act; which,
on motion of Mr. Edmunds, was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In connection with that
I would move that the credentials of Messrs.
Hill and Miller, as Senators from Georgia,
formerly presented to the Senate, be taken
from the tiles and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of the
Navy, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 1st instant,
information in regard to officers of the Navy
residing permanently or temporarily in Wash-
ington city, and officers of the Navy on duty
in Washington at the date of the meeting of
the present Congress in December last, and
officers of the Navy who have been ordered to
report for special duty in Washington since
the day of meeting of the present Congress in
December last, and of officers and members
of the senior class of midshipmen attached to
the Naval Academy at Annapolis who have
visited Washington under orders or leave of
absence since the meeting of the present Con-
gress in December last; which, on motion of
Mr. Spencer, was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Attorney General, in reply to the resolution
oi the Senate of February 9, 1870, in relation
jo the appointment of a postmaster at Augusta,
Georgia; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
, a's° laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
'"compliance with a resolution of the Senate
01 the 7th instant, information in relation to
steamboats transporting Indian goods lost on
the Missouri river above Omaha ; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of the Territory
of Colorado, asking that the provisions of their
organic law concerning probate courts be per-
mitted to remain as at present, so that the
jurisdiction of such courts may be regulated
by local legislation ; which was referred to the
Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a petition from citizens
of La Fayette, Mississippi, praying the enact-
ment of a law for the compulsory prepayment
of all domestic postages, except on such mat-
ter as may be entitled to free delivery by special
enactment; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of J.
S. Simonson, of Charlestown, Clark county,
Indiana, relating to the pay of retired Army
officers, and suggesting certain amendments
to the bill introduced into the House of Repre-
sentatives on that subject; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
the Cleveland Labor Union, praying that the
, United States income tax be retained in full
force as at present, as an important source of
revenue; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
i He also presented a petition of cigar manu-
facturers, citizens of Ohio, praying a reduc-
tion of the tax on cigars ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition from
citizens of South Carolina, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I present a petition of
citizens of Owyhee county, Utah Territory,
praying for the passageof Senate bill No. 3GG,
to annex a portion of that Territory to the State
of Nevada, and assigning some very important
reasons why it should be done. I commend
to the Committee on Territories this petition,
and I move its reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying the enactment of
a law for the compulsory prepayment of all
domestic postages except on such matter as
may be entitled to free delivery by special
enactment; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of George
Simms, praying an increase of pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented ten petitions of citizens of
Minnesota, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege ; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of Marshall Jewell, Governor of Connecticut,
and other citizens of Connecticut, praying the
enactment of a law conferring upon the medi-
cal officers of the Navy such relative rank and
privileges in the service as will protect them
against the arbitrary conduct of superior offi-
cers ; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of the presi-
dent, professors, and students of medicine in
Yale College, and of the medical profession in
New Haven, Connecticut, praying the enact-
ment of a law conferring upon the medical
officers of the Navy such relative rank and
privileges in the service as will protect them
against the arbitrary conduct of superior offi- }
cers ; which was referred to the Committee on ,
Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Robert |j
McCowen and others, citizens of Connecticut, l|
praying an increase of duty on cigars; which i|
was referred to the Committee on Finance. j|
He also presented eighteen petitions of citi- ll
zens of Connecticut, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. FENTON. I present the memorial of
William A. Meloy, of this District, who repre-
sents that the lawsand the practice of the courts
for the District ot Columbia stand in urgent
need of revision and reform; and he respect-
fully entreats the attention of Congress to this
matter at its present session, and prays for tin:
early consideration of the Committee on the
District of Columbia to the subject. I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
David 1. Jackson, late captain twenty-fifth New
York cavalry volunteers, praying for relief;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
He also presented two memorials of citizens
of Albany, New York, remonstrating against
the continuance of the tax upon incomes;
which were referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying that a pension be allowed
to the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812, and
the widows of such as are deceased ; which waa
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of Messrs.
Briner Brothers, of New York city, remon-
strating against any further addition to the
duties levied upon imported steel, and pray-
ing for a reduction of the duties on the same;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of New York, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. RICE preseuted two petitions from citi-
zens of Arkansas, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of the Med-
ical Society of Westmoreland couuty, Penn-
sylvania ; a petition of members of the College
of Physicians of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania ;
a petition of officers of the Union Medical As-
sociation of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and
of other practitioners of medicine of Philadel-
phia, praying the enactment of a law confer-
ring upon the medical officers of the Navy such
relative rank and privileges in the service as
will protect them against the arbitrary conduct
of superior officers; which were referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present a number of
petitions lor the abolition of the franking
privilege, one of which the petitioners have
seen proper to measure, and it measures thirty-
six and a half feet in length. There is one of
them, also, which, in obedience to the rule, I
state in brief, as it varies a little from the usual
form, and ends with this postscript by the post-
master :
"A vast majority of our citizens want our Senators
and Representatives to send us public documents
franked."
I move that the petitions be laid upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL presented eighteen petitions
of citizens of Iowa, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. HOWELL. I also present a resolution
of the General Assembly of the State of Iowa
in relation to Colonel John C. Abercrombie,
of Des Moines county, Iowa, which I ask to
have read and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Concurrent Hrnolution, No. 1.
Resolutions in relation to Colonel John C. Aber-
crombie, of Des Moines county.
Whereas Lieutenant Colonel John C. Abercrom-
bie, for over three years a brave and efficient officer
