1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reported by Mr. Kellogg, from the Committee
on Commerce, yesterday, for the appointment
of a committee of five members to consider and
report a complete and effective system of re-
deeming the alluvial lands of the Mississippi
river by theconstructionof durablelevees; and
the motion was entered.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. THAYER, it was
Ordered, That Thomas L. (Griffey have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers lroru the files ot the
Senate.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. II. No.
1169) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses ot'thc Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations (so
called) with various Indian tribes for the year
ending .Tune 80, 1871, and for other purposes.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to move this
amendment, to come in at the close of the first,
section of the bili:
For the purchase of wagons, teams, tools, agricul-
tural implements, live stock, seeds, Sea., and for the
erection of houses for the Indians in the northern
superintendency, to be distributed among the dif-
ferent tribes at the discretion of the Secretary of
the Interior, the sum of S-00,000.
Mr. THAYEIl. I desire to have some ex-
planation of that amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. Thisamendmentisreported
in conformity to a request of a committee of
the Society of Friends, and also in conformity
to a recommendation of the Department, that
they may have this sum of money in addition
to that which the Indians are entitled founder
treaty stipulations, to enable them to improve
their farms, to buy wagons and horses and
carts and agricultural implements. The Friends
who have these Indians in charge say it is
utterly impossible to put them on their feet
with the amount of money now at the disposal
of the Department. They asked for $00,000,
but the committee cut it down to the sum pro-
posed in the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Senator
be good enough to state to what particular
Indians this applies?
Mr. HARLAN. It applies to those in the
State of Nebraska.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Doesitapply to
those Indians who under the stipulations with
the peace commissioners are cxpeoted to go
upon the northern reservation '!
Mr. HARLAN. No; it applies to Indians
who are on reservations in the State of Ne-
braska ; the Iowas, the Ottoes, the Pawnees, the
Omahas, the Winnebagoes, the Santee Sioux.
I think I have enumerated all of them now.
Mr. NYE. I inquire of the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa if that is not the form of all
appropriations,' 'for farming implements," &c.,
and whether very little of the money is not
used in that way V
Mr. HARLAN. Sometimes the appropria-
tions are made to supply them with clothing
and with subsistence, beef and flour ; but this
is intended to be applied to the specific use of
the agents in improving their farms and in
building them houses, with a view to setting
them up as a civilized people. It is strongly
urged by the members of the Society of Friends.
They have had'a committee here during a large
part of the winter and spring urging the early
appropriation of this additional sum of money.
They say their people are almost discouraged,
and think it nearly impossible to do what ought
to be done for these Indians with the amount
they are entitled to under treaty stipulations.
I want it distinctly understood by the Senate
that we are not under any legal obligation to
make this appropriation. We are-not bound to
do it under any treaty or any law. -If appro-
priated, it will be a gratuity on the part of the
Government; but the committee thought it
was wise to do it, with a view of enabling these
Indians, if possible, to sustain themselves here-
after by industrial pursuits.
Mr. NYE. When I was superintendent of
Indian affaars in Nevada this was the form
of all our appropriations; and the appropria-
tions while 1 was there, I think, were neverto
exceed $20,000, and $15,000 of that sum was
always expended here, and the rest was sent
out to me to pay the agents and to pay the
freight on the goods. Now, unless there is
something more definite, unless the honorable
Senator knows that this money is to be used
for the specific purpose named, I should be
inclined to hesitate in making the appropria-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it probable that
some of the appropriations made for the Indian
service in the 'Territory of Nevada, when the
honorable Senator from that State was Gov-
ernor and ex officio superintendent, were ap-
plied for other uses than the purchase of agri-
cultural implements and for the improvement
of farms. It may be possible that a part of
that diversion of the funds was on account of
an obligation of the Department to carry into
effect the Indian intercourse law of 18o4 which
was referred to yesterday. It is very probable
that a part of the money appropriated from
year to year, while the honorable Senator was
acting as Governor and superintendent of In-
dian alfairs for 'that Territory, now the State
of Nevada, may have been paid out in this way ;
but the Senate having ordered an amendment
of the Indian intercourse law, so as to cut off
the possibility of usingthe money for such pur-
poses, 1 do not apprehend a misapplication of
the money. Then 1 might suggest to the honor-
able Senator the hope the committee have that
the agents now in charge of these Indians are
honest. They have been selected by the Society
of Friends from their own numbers, and they
say that they hold themselves as a society re-
sponsible for the character of the agents ; and
in order that they may not be deceived they
keep a committee in the field almost all the
time examining the work being done by the
agents, examining their accounts and the mode
in which the money is being applied. I am
inclined to think, and the committee was of
the opinion, that it was perfectly safe to put
this money at the disposal of these officers of
the Government.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Iowa,
when he was on the floor before, made a re-
mark a part of which escaped my ear. I heard
him state that the Friends found it impossible
to do certain things ; I could not hear what.
Mr. HARLAN. They informed the com-
mittee—I think the honorable Senator at the
time was engaged with another standing com-
mittee of this bodv 
Mr. TIIAYER." No ; I was present.
Mr. HARLAN. They informed the com-
mittee that it was impossible to effect what
they desired to achieve on these Indian reser-
vations with the amount of money paid the
Indians under treaty stipulations.
Mr. THAYER. In the way of improve-
ments?
Mr. HARLAN. In the way of improve-
ment, of their lands.
Mr. TlIAYrER. I was present when this
subject was considered, and I opposed the
amendment there, and reserved my right to
object to it here.
Mr. HARLAN. That may be so.
Mr. THAYER. The Quakers have man-
aged the Indian affairs in this superintendency,
which, by the way, is limited within the bound-
aries of the State of Nebraska, as well as, but
no better, than they have been managed before.
That is the conclusion to which I have come
by careful observation. They are honest men,
and are seeking to do their duty. The condi-
tion of the Indian tribes in that State is just
about as it has been for the last eight or ten
years. The annuities which are due to the six
tribes within the State of Nebraska are pro-
vided for in this Indian appropriation bill which
we have gone over; and every dollar is appro-
priated which is due to them under the treaties.
The Friends came here and asked ns, in the first
place, to give them about $100,000 extra, in
order that they may carry out their "plans and
make certain improvements. The committee,
however, agreed upon $30,000; and I wish'the
Senate to bear in mind that that is an entire
gratuity to these tribes. We pay them every
dollar which is due to them under the treaties.
Now, I ask the Senate whether they are ready
to vote away money in this way in order to
make improvements upon these reservations,
to build houses, &c. ,when in all probability in
a few years these tribes, or nearly all of them,
will go into the Indian territory south? I
know that some of them desire now to leave
these reservations and to go into the southern
Indian territory. Representing in part that
State, so far as I am advised, I do not think
there is a necessity for making this appropria-
tion, especially when we are not called upon
to do so by any legal obligation whatever. The
condition of these tribes has been satisfactory
heretofore.
Mr. COLE. How many of them a,re there?
Mr. THAYER. There are six tribes. They
vary, perhaps, from five hundred to a thousand
in each tribe. The condition of these tribes
has been satisfactory heretofore. The Quakers
have gone out with the idea of making good
their professions of improving and humanizing
the Indians. The mistake was that they should
have selected a superintendency where the
tribes were all at peace, where we had had no
trouble heretofore between them and the set-
tlers. They ought to have selected the war-
like tribes, who are creating the difficulties on
the frontier; but they saw fit to select the
northern superintendency, where all has been
peaceful heretofore. It is true if we give them
$30,000 they can make improvements ; and so
could the previous agents have done. It will
be no credit to the Quakers to make improve-
ments if this additional amount is given to
them as a gratuity. I see no necessity for
agreeing to this amendment.
Mr. COLT1!. In my judgment this claim of
the persons who have these Indians in charge
is ridiculous. We have appropriated to them
in the bill all that they are entitled to under
very liberal treaty stipulations, under treaties
that were made, too, when these Indians were
probably much more numerous than they are
at present, and which now, therefore, amount
to a benefit to each Indian much larger than
was intended at the time the treaties were
made; and it seems to me a pretty severe
comment upon this care of the Indians which
is assumed by the Friends' Society that they
should come forward here and ask, in addition
to the large appropriations that aie provided in
the treaties, lor $00,000 more, to be distributed
for the use of three or five thousand Indians
who are now on reservations and ready to take
care of themselves, and who ought to take care
of themselves with but very little expense to
the Government. I have stated over and over
so often that I am almost ashamed to repeat
it that in California, where we have twenty or
twenty-five thousand Indians, the apportion-
ment per head that we have under your ap-
propriations is very small, ouly three or four
dollars.
Mr. MORTON. I was visited by a delega-
tion or committee of the Society of Friends
and spoken to upon this subject some time ago.
They desire this appropriation for several rea-
sons. They have faith in their ability to do
something for the civilization and elevation of
this people. They thought the appropriation
would result economically in another point of
view : that this people by means of this appro-
priation could be brought to raise their own
food. They are now fed, I believe, at a very
large expense by the Government.
Mr. HARLAN. Some of them are.
Mr. THAYER. These six tribes have reg-
ular annuities. Wo have not given them a
dollar more heretofore.
Mr. MORTON. For some of the tribes to
