1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
41st Cong....2dSess.
The Tariff—Mr, Willci7ison.
Ho. op Reps.
Mr. PETERS. Some of them.
Mr. ALLISON. And I say it is an injustice
to the great body of the people of this country
for the manufacturers or their Representatives
upon this floor to insist upon a continuance
of these exorbitant rates of duty in the name
of protection, and to denounce men who are
against these high rates as in favor of free trade,
when thegentleman knows, as do all these men,
that such a thing as free trade is impossible in
this country.
Mr. PETERS. I beg to say to the gentle-
man that he makes no direct answer. He is
cited in my section of the country as a free-
trade man. I do not believe him to be such.
I want to put him on the record as not being
such. I ask him whether in raising the rev-
enues necessary for the support of this Govern-
ment, a large part of the burden being entailed
upon us by the rebellion, he is not in favor of
so much protection as it is possible to dispense
by means of a tariff upon all classes of Amer-
ican labor ? I ask him for as direct an answer
as he may bo willing to give us.
Mr. ALLISON. Well, Mr. Chairman, I do
not want to mislead the constituents of my
friend.
Mr. PETERS. They think highly of the
gentleman.
Mr. ALLISON. I was not aware that I was
even known so far away from home.
Mr. PETERS. I assure the gentleman that
he is well known in Maine.
Mr. ALLISON. But I mean to say that
when we are compelled to raise $160,000,000
by means of duties upon imports, which is an
average rate of from 35 to 40 per cent.—I will
say 40 per cent.—I think this duty fairly levied
will afford to the American manufacturer and
American laborer more protection than they
ought to ask under a tariff law.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman is not quite
so direct in his answer as I hoped he would be.
I will say, however, that I am glad to see that
ho is in some sense for protection to American
labor, and at least 20 per cent, on lumber.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CAKE. I was not here the other day
when the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison]
made his speech on this question; but I have
understood be declared himself in favor of
recommitting the bill that it may be reported
with the duty on everything reduced to the
extent of 20 per cent.
Mr. ALLISON. I stated that I thought in
the existing rates of duty upon leading articles
there should be a reduction of about one fifth,
which would leave the average rate very nearly
if not quite 40 per cent., and would leave the
tariff upon many classes of iron at over 45 per
cent., it now being in some cases over 70 per
cent.
Mr. CLEVELAND. With the permission
of the gentleman from Minnesota I would like
to put a question to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. CakBi]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Minnesota that there are
ten minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. PETERS. We will extend the gentle-
man's time.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I would like the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to explain how it is
that at the present time, and under the present
high tariff, we have the same depressed state
of things which he mentioned as having existed
during the two periods be has named.
Mr. CAKE. Mr. Chairman, I think it would
be unfair for me to answer that in the time of
the gentleman from Minnesota. But I can
answer it. The gentleman knows very well
that prices have been adjusted throughout the
country according to the conditipn of the cur-
rency, and I repeat that during the present
timo many of the difficulties which manufac-
turers of this country have to contend
arise from the fluctuations and decline in gold
which have operated so much to their disad-
vantage. This the gentleman from New Jer-
sey must know well enough if he is engaged in
any industrial pursuit. 1 do not know that he
is, but if he is he must know that the rapid
decline in the price of gold by unfixing values
has operated seriously to the disadvantage of
our manufacturers. This decline has gone on
to such an extent that we look forward to the
time near at hand when a dollar in greenbacks
will be equal to a dollar in gold.
Mr. PETERS. When you purchased gold
was at a high price, and now, when you sell, is
but little above greenbacks.
Mr. CAKE. It is a deep question. Many
industrial pursuits were entered into at the
time when it was much better to pay debts than
to create them, while it is much harder to pay
debts now than it was a few years ago.
Mr. WILKINSON. My honorable friend
from Pennsylvania cannot have failed to observe
that the agriculturists of the country have felt
the decline of gold in the fall of the price of
wheat, and have suffered as severely from this
cause as any other people. If bis range of
vision has extended beyond Pittsburg he can-
not have failed to observe that the decline of
gold has affected the whole country, and in
my judgment western interests more than east-
ern interests.
Now, sir, as to the tariff and how it should
be graduated, there are one or two principles I
would lay down which should control the Gov-
ernment in the establishment of any such sys-
tem. All tariffs upon imports are more or less
protective. I am-for a tariff. I will say to my
friend from Maine that I am for a tariff for
collecting a large amount of the necessary rev-
enue by duties upon imports. Now, all these
tariffs on imports, I repeat, are more or less
protective, and must in the nature of things
work for the benefit of those engaged in the
manufacture of articles in this country upon
which such tariff is imposed. Secondly, the
true and only legitimate object in imposing
tariff on articles imported into this country
from foreign nations is to raise revenue for the
support of the Government; and but for this
primary object there would be no excuse or
apology for the exercise of this power. Nor
do I believe Congress has any legitimate power
to impose a tariff for any other purpose. I
will qualify that proposition by adding another,
that in imposing this tariff for revenue it should
also be so framed that the revenue power is
greater than the protective power. In a tariff
when the protective power is greater than the
revenue power, then it ceases to be a source
of revenue, and is one of protection merely.
And I doubt the constitutional power of Con-
gress to legislate for protection alone. But I
will qualify that proposition further, by saying
that in imposing this tariff Congress has dis-
cretion as to the articles on which this duty
shall be imposed. It may make it lighter on
some and heavier on others, as Congress may
regard would be for the interest of the Amer-
ican people.
Now, incidental protection follows as a mat-
ter of course. You cannot tax an article im-
ported into this country 1 per cent, without
affecting somewhat the interest of those who
manufacture the same article in this country,
because when a tax is imposed on an imported
article it is a certain restriction upon the for-
eign manufacturer, and gives the manufacturer
here an advantage over him. Now, sir, I would
be willing to discriminate in favor of American
industry. Here comes the question in refer-
ence to v/nieh the gentleman from Pennsylvania
and the gentleman from Maine make a mistake.
They call the industry of the manufacturers the
industry of the whole country, and they say a
Minnesota man engaged in agriculture, and
having nothing to do with manufactures, must
be taxed for the benefit of the smaller por-
tion of the producers of the country, who are
engaged m manufactures.
ihe CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
JPETERS. We have taken up portions
ot the gentleman s time by interruptions, and
I move that it be extended.
There was no objection.
, M1'-WILKINSON. Mr. Chairman, when I
started I did not think I would occupy more
than fifteen or twenty minutes. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania says," We furnish your
market, you know." If we on]y protect their
manufacturers they tell us they will furnish a
market for all the wheat we can produce in Min-
nesota, ana at the same time increase the price.
Now, I will make a prediction that one of
two things must happen before they can fur-
nish a market for oul* produce in this country:
every manufacturer has either got to possess
the power to consume a barrel of flour every
day, or the manufacturer must be in a position
to send his goods abroad to Europe for sale.
Mr. PElKIiS. Will the gentleman allow
me to state to him that it appears on a careful
computation that the State of Maine raises
breadstufis which will last its people for only
one month out of twelve, and that for the other
eleven months v/e have to buy our breadstuff's
from Minnesota and the other western States?
v yAKE. And in the county in which I
live it is computed that we only raise about 10
per cent, of the agricultural produce which we
consume; and yet wc have some very fine farms
there, we get flour direct from the city of
Chicago, and 1 suppose some of the wheat raised
m the district ot the gentleman from Minne-
sota comes by way of that city. We are trying
to consume all the wheat we can, and we pay
more for it than it will command in Europe.
We are always willing to pay a good price for it.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 will venture the as-
sertion that the district represented by my
friend from Iowa [Mr. Allison] is capable of
raising more wheat than all the manufacturers
of this country can consume.
-^°es it raise more?
Mr. ALLISON. We can raise 20,000,000
bushels.
Mn WILKINSON. And I have stated that
the district which I represent here will raise
12,000,000 bushels, and I apprehend that in
the eoursc of three or four years it will raise
30,000,000 bushels annually. Perhaps I would
not be much out of the way if I were to say
50,000,000 bushels. *
Mr. MA1NARD. Has the gentleman told
us what he expects to do with his wheat ?
_ Mr. WILKINSON. Now, Mr. Chairman,
it is absolutely certain that if the eastern peo-
ple create manufacturing establishments suf-
ficiently extensive to consume all the vast pro-
ducts of the western country they have got to
man ufacture goods enough to supply all Europe.
I asi where will they find a market for such a
production ? The thing is utterly impossible.
II the settlement continues to go on in the
West, at the same rate as it has been proceed-
ing hitherto it will be utterly impossible for
men enough to be employed in the manufac-
turing establishments of the country to con-
sume the productions of the West.
Mr. CAKE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
at1"* Certainly.
Mr. CAKE. Will the 25,000,000 people in
b-reat Britain consume m ore than the 50,000,000
people m this country?
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask the gentleman
irom i ennsylvania does he ever expect to see
the day when there will be 50,000,000 people
in this country engaged in manufactures ?
