1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3135
to such persons as ho shall indicate, the
S' 'ivury of State having the authority to have
refini'hed nt the Government Printing Offioe such
copies as may need the same.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that had better
be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seeins to me we might
as well dispose of the question tit once. 1 do
not care what plan is adopted, but the books
ought to be disposed of. They are in the way
and are cumbering up the Department.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. ANTHONY subsequently said: I move
to reconsider the Tote by which the Senate
agreed to the House amendment to the joiut
resolution in regard to the distribution of the
Lincoln testimonial. I think the matter re-
quires examination.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to;
and the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the joint resolution was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
BILLS ON THE CALENDAR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
no* proceed to consider the bills on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider at this time the bill
(S. No. 597) to authorize the authorities of
the city of Washington, District of Columbia,
to indorse the bonds of the Southern Maryland
Railroad Company, which was passed orer in
my absence last week.
Mr. CONKLING. I dislike to interpose an
objection, bat I think that bill should never
pass, and therefore I am constrained to object
to its being taken up now.
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. The bin will
remain on the Calendar.
WYOMING TERRITORIAL ACTS.
Mr. NYE. Oa Friday a bill was called
up providing for annulling certain lawa of the
Legislative Assembly of Wyoming Territory.
Objection was made to the first provision, which
was proposed to be annulled. In the absence of
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,]
who had charge of that bill, I take the liberty
of saying that we will consent to let the first
act mentioned be stricken oat. I think we
can then without much debate pass the rest of
the bill. I ask the indulgence of the Senate
for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
under the impression that the bill referred to
was passed over informally.
Mr. NYE. It was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be resumed, subject of course
to objection. The question is on the passage
of the bill (S. No. 616) to reneal certain acts
passed by the territorial Legislature of Wyom-
ing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I made some objection
to that bill the other day. I think the first act
that it is proposed to repeal is not particularly
objectionable. I do not see why the Legisla-
ture of ^Wyoming should not pass that bill if
they desired to do so. A part of the second
act, I think, is objectionable. The fourth sec-
tion of that act provides that no judge of any
court shall restrain the collection of taxes, and
the sixth section of that same act declares :
. " ^J*t the provisions of this act, as near as may
 e, shall apply to the collection of taxes heretofore
assessed aod levied on the property of any corpora-
tion doing business within this Territory, excepting
corporations organized for mining or milling pur-
poses."
, I think it should apply to all corporations if
it does at all. I do not believe in singling out
one. If this bill can be limited to declaring
null and void the fourth and sixth sections of the
act regarding the collection of taxes, and also
declaringvoid all the sections of the other acts
referred to here, I should have no objection to
it. I think that the provisions in the other
law which authorise the territorial courts in
Wyoming to appoint a receiver to take posses-
sion of the Great Pacific railroad on a claim
of damages or debt by some one very improper.
A man who has a claim against the Union
Pacific railroad is allowed to go into eqnitye®
parte instead of establishing his claim in the
first instance, and a receiver is to be appointed
to take possession of that road. This is a
power that the territorial courts in Wyoming
ought not to be vested with, and I am quite
willing myself to vote for a bill that shall de-
clare inoperative those provisionsof the statute.
Mr. NYE. I have no objection to the alter-
ation proposed by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion is to strike
out the words in the fourth line " an act enti-
tled 'An act to protect railroad employes
who are injured while performing their duties;
also'" and insertin lieu thereof the words "the
fourth and sixth sections of an actso as to
read:
That the following acts passed by the Legislature
of the Territory of Wyoming, to wit: the fourth and
sixth seotions of an act entitled "An act providing
for the collection of taxes heretofore assessed ana
levied in this Territoryalso an act entitled "An
act to create and regulate oorporations," be, and
the same are hereby, disapproved, repealed, and
declared null and void.
The title of this last act is not given in the
laws we have before us. I inquire of the Sen-
ator who has charge of this bill what the title
of thiB act is? It purports to repeal the whole
of an act the title of which is not given, and
only a few sections of this act are given, forty-
nine, fifty, fifty-one, and so on to the fifty-ninth.
I should be unwilling to repeal the first forty-
eight sections of the act without knowing what
they are. I have no objection to repealing
tnaaa OA^tiAnfl
Mr. EDMUNDS. Repeal "sections forty-
nine to fifty-nine inclusive."
Mr. TRUMBULL. After the word "also,"
in line eight, I move to insert "sections forty-
nine to fifty-nine inclusive of an act entitled."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The third line
of the bill should read " the following sections
of
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. Let the Sec-
retary read it now as he has it amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote order-
ing the bill to a third reading will be regarded
as reconsidered.
The Secretary. The bill, if amended as
proposed, will read:
That the following sections of acta passed by the
Legislature of the Territory of'Wyoming, to wit, the
fourth and sixth sections of an act entitled " An act
, providing for the collection of taxes heretofore
r assessed and levied in this Territoryalso sections
forty-nine to fifty-nine, both inclusive, of an act
entitled "An act to create and regulate corpora-
tions" be, and the same are hereby, disapproved,
repealed, and declared null and void.
The amendment wa9 agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for it
third reading, waa read the third time, and
The title was amended so as to read: "A
bill to repeal certain sections of acts passed by
the territorial Legislature of Wyoming."
OFFICE OF EDUCATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first bill on
the Calendar in regular order is one reported
by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Patterson,] from the joint select Committee
on Retrenchment, without amendment, being
the bill (H. R. No. 1486) amendatory of an act
establishing the Office of Education, discontin-
uing the Freedmen's Bureau, and for other
purposes.
Mr. PATTERSON. Let that be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
ambrose morrison.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 633) for the relief of Ambrose Morri-
son.
The Committeeon Claims reported an amend-
ment, to strike ont after the words "sum of,"
in line three, the following:
Sixteen thousand throe hundred and eighty-four
dollars and ninety-six cents bo, and the sarno hore-
by is, appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to pay Ambrose
Morrison for his property in the city of Nnslivillo,
Tennessee, which wns taken by tho military authori-
ties of tho United States for tho erection of perma-
nent fortifloations: Provided, That before tho said
money hereby appropriated Bhall be paid as afore-
said tno said Amoroso Morrison shall convoy to tho
United States a good title to said lot: And provided
further. That any moneys heretofore paid tho said
Ambrose Morrison by the United States on account
of tho said property shall be deducted from tho
amount hereby appropriated.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Four thousand nine hundred and seventy-ono
dollars and forty-six cents be, and the samo is here-
by. appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
of the Uuited States not.othcrwise appropriated, to
pay Ambroso Morrison for his houses ana fixtures,
in tho city ofNashville, seised and used by tho mili-
tary authorities of the United States du/ing tho lato
war of the rebellion, for tho erection ofaforton tho
lot of ground where said houses stood, and also to
pay for the use and rental of said lot while in tho
possession of said authorities, the said sum to be in
full satisfaction of the entire claim of said Ambroso
Morrison in that behalf.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that bill ought to
go with the others that are like it. I do not
mean to prejudge it now; but I think they
ought all to be taken together.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over,
FREEHOLD LAND AND EMIGRATION COMPANY.
Mr. DRAKE. I thought that a bill was laid
over from last Friday, to be at the head of the
Calendar to-day. No. 418 in the order of busi-
|! ness, on page 12.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was passed
. over informally; bat it has not been called up.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the bill to incor-
porate the United States Freehold Land and
Emigration Company.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to know 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was no
order that it should be placed at the head of
the Calendar. It was passed over informally,
subject to be called up by the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should be very glad to
have it taken np. I did not ask to have it
placed at the head of the Calendar, because I
thought the Senator from Missouri objected
to it.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to bo consid-
ered as making an objection to throw the bill
over under the arrangement that one objection
can throw it over. I merely wish to signify
that whenever the bill is taken np I shall state
my objections to its merits.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator wish
to state them at much length?
i Mr. DRAKE. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill had better be
passed over if it is to be debated.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand it is not
going to give rise to any considerable debate ;
the Senator can state his objections in a few
minutes; and if we can dispose of the bill it
will be so much off the Calendar. I should
like to have it done if the Senator from Mis-
souri does not desire to debate it at such length
as to call forth remarks from others.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not know to what length
debate might spring up in regard to the matter.
It is a bill sui generis, such a bill as the Con-
i: gress of the United States has never passed,
I and one to which I have very serious objec-
! tions. I do not wish to put myself in the posi-
I tion of throwing it over by a single objection,
II but I wish to state, whenever it comes up, my
objections to its passage. I can do that now
\ just as well as at any other time.
Mr. POMEROY. We had better proceed
I with tbe Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL, It will certainly lead to
: debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order under
|! "which the Senate is acting applies to bills to
i]' which objection is not made. The Senator
