2192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
of some person, not at all with a view to corrupt
any member of Congress or any other person,
a limited sum of ifioney, which -was expended
somehow, I do not knbtf how, without any ex-
pectation on his part that any corrupt 'means
would be useil 5 and the appointment was pro-
cured.
Now, whether there was anything wrong on
the part of this agent or not is not for us to
decide. It is to be presumed, I. think, in view
of what we have seen, that there was sharp
practice in this case, as there has been in other
cases; but whether the appointment Was made1
by a member of Congress or was made at large,
there is 110 charge, as I understand, against any
pei-son in connection with the matter, except
it may be this agent. A's I understand, Cap-
tain Upshur .came before tho committee with
no expectation oti his part that any corruption
was to be charged npon him or upon the, per-
son making the appointment. Now, it docs
seem to me that under this state of facts, the
committee not having found any corrupt motive
on the part of the member of Congress or other
person who made the appointment, and not
having traced any corruption directly to Cap-
tain Upshur, it would be beyond the province
of this House, and it would be an injustice to
a noble officer of our Navy, if on a mere sus-
picion we should direct the Secretary of the
Navy to convenc a court-martial for the pur-
pose of trying him.
Here is a man who performed efficient service
during tho war. His father and grandfather
died in 1he service of the Government. IIo is
descended, :w I understand, from the family
of George Washington. My only purpose in
staling this is to suggest that we are to presume
that a man of his standing would be actuated
by honorable motives. We are not to presume
that aman who has rendered valuable services,
a man who Jias an honorable record 
Mr. DAWES. Does not the gentleman
think it would be proper for us to pass merely
a resolution declaring that it would be danger-
ous for this officer to do tho same thing again?
[Laughter.]
Mr. STABKWEATIIER. t am authorized
(o say 011 behalf of this ofliccf'that he does not
wish to shiik an investigation. J am not hero
fo apologize for Captain Upshur or any other
man. But, as I understand, tho committee do
not undertake to allege in the resolution which
they have reported that Captain Upshur was
actuated in what he did by any corrupt motive.
Mr. DAWES. Does not the gentleman think
it would cover the whole ground if wo should
pass a resolution declaring that this was a very
bad tiling to do, and that it would be dangerous
for this officer to do it again? [Laughter.]
I suggest to tho gentleman to move thatamend-
mcnt.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not propose
any sneh_ thing. I wish the committee to ex-
amine this matter fully, if they have not done
so; and if they find any corrupt motive on the
part of Captain Upshur I do not wish to shield
him,
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will permit
me I will state-the facts exactly.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. 1 am stating the
facts as I understand them. I do not wish to
shield Captain Upshur or any other man.
Air. LOGAN. I believe I cannot yield any
longer. 1 desire to modify the resolution in
one partlcularbystrikingouttheword "direct"
and inserting "request." In fact, when the
resolution was read the propriety of this change
struck me at once; and in accordance with the
Suggestion of several gentlemen I will makq
that modification. Now, I will say to the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Staukweatixer]
and to the House that lam very glad to soothe
sympathy elicited hero in behalf of Commander
Upshur. Certainly I have nothing against the
man. All that the committee have desired was
to do their duty under the resolution of the
House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to ask my friend from Illinois whether the ob-
ject he had in view might not be accomplished
by accepting the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofiem] so that
this evidence shall be simply referred to the
Secretary of the NaVy. will not that be suf-
ficiently suggestive'to him without prejudging
the case against Commander Upshur?
Mr. LOGAN. If gentlemen, will allow mo
I will make a statement from which they will
see exactly what is my object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to inquire whether
the gentleman will permit me to oifer my prop-
osition as an amendment ? !
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly. The gentleman !
may propose any amendment he chooses.
Now, sit, I wish to say a word in answer to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wasii-
Btnw.] I am very sorry that remarks of this
kind should be thrown out about prejudging
the case. Allow me to say that there has been
no disposition on the part of the committee to
prejudge the ease of any man, nor have we
done so in this instance. We do not say that
Commander1 Upshur has been guilty of any
corrupt conduct. We propose to request the
Secretary of the Navy to convene a board to
examine Whether he has or has not been guilty
of anything improper. We have not under-
taken to decidc the case. We have only stated
to the House that he did give $1,300 to Mr.
M. D. Laudon for tho purpose of getting his
son appointed to the Annapolis Naval Acad-
emy. I say to tho House that it is stated very
mildly by the committee.
Now, inasmuch as gentlemen are desirous
of having this thing stated I will give the facts,
and if tho House is then disposed to agree to
the amendment they can do so. With all the
facts before the House members can decide
whether the committee have or have not dealt
justly with this man. What then are the facts?
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stark-
weather] has stated what he understands to be
the facts. We have stated them in the reso-
lution, that Commander Upshur paid §l,300for
the purpose of procuring the appointment of
his son to the Annapolis Naval Academy. How
do you appoint cadets to the Naval Academy ?
Tho Secretary of the Navy or the President of
the United States under the law appoints them
on the recommendation of members of Con-
gress. If the member of Congress represent-
ing tho district fails to make the recommend-
ation, then the Secretary of the Navy fills the
vacancy. That is the law. How can a man
pay $1,300 for tho purpose of procuring this
thing when the law says that a member of Con-
gross shall recommend the boy to be appointed
from his district, but if the member of Con-
gress fails then the Secretary of tho Navy shall
make the appointment; f ask gentlemen to
explain to me how $1)800 can be used by an
officer to get his sou appointed to a cadetship
without a violation of the law ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
has referred to mo, and 1 wish to say a word.
I do not approve the course of Commander
Upshur in using money in procuring a cadet-
ship for his son. I say if that be true he did
a foolish thing, but 1 do not think that he had
a corrupt motive.
Mr. LOGAN. The Committee on Military
Affairs have carefully considered the case of
Commander Upshur. We propose to afford
the fullest opportunity to him for his defense.
And, I now say to his Representative here,
that it is an injustice to Commander Upshur
to refuse him this examination. It is the only
way ho can get it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. What I desire
is that the case shall not be prejudged.
Mr. LOGAN. You cannot have a further
examination before tho committee, because we
have examined the case thoroughly. The wit-
nesses were all under oath. The newspapers
have published the fast that Commander Up-
shur has been engaged in bargain and sale for
a cadetship to the Naval Academy, and it is
duo to him that he should have the case inves-
tigated. We cannot convict Commander Up-
shur. There is a law upon the statute-book
which provides the way for dismissing officers
of the Army and Navy. There is no way in
Which you can reach an officer of the Army or
Navy except by a joint resolution of Congress
or by means of a court-martial. That is the
law. What else can we do? How else could
we have proceeded than the way in which we
liave proceeded in order to give this man an
opportunity to exculpate himself, and to show
to the country that he is not guilty of any cor-
rupt practice?
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman let
me ask a question ?
Mr. LOGAN. ' Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. On the gentleman's an-
swer my course will depend. Was the exam-
ination made to tho satisfaction of the chairman
and the committee that the money was paid,
expecting that it would operate upon the ap-
pointing power, whoever it was, or paid to some
person to act as an advocate to interpose and
use tho same sort of effort a lawyer uses in
bringing a suit?
Mr. LOGAN. There was a man by the name
of M. D. Landon, who figured extensively in
this country in the cadet business. He wrote
many letters to members of Congress and others.
He said he had appointments of cadets at his
disposal. We have his letter 011 file in our com-
mittee-room. Commander Upshur happening
to strike this man and wanting an appointment,
being, as his Representative says, descended
from a naval family and related to George
Washington, as ho himself stated before the
committee, it being necessary that his son
should still continue in the naval service, he
then went to Landon and paid him $1,300 to
procure this appointment.
* Mr. STARKWEATHER. Who appointed
the cadet?
Mr. LOGAN. A certain member of Con-
gress bad an appointment from South Caro-
lina. Mr. Landon went to the appointee with
Mr. Upshur's money, and he was induced to
withdraw so that Commander Upshur's son
should be appointed. That is the way in which
it was done. I do not know what you call it; but
that is the way it is done. If you think that is a
proper and legitimate practice for officers of tho
Navy, that is exactly the practice which this
officer engaged in. I have stated the facts just
as they arc. And if the gentleman desires, or
if the House desire, not to agree with the com-
mittee in their resolution, then I say the proper
course will bo to bring the evidence before the
House and have it examined here. It cannot
affect a member of Congress, because, as we
report, the evidence did not affect a member
of Congress. No member of Congress was
connected with it. The member who repre-
sented the district was Mr. Hoge; but the
evidence showed that he had no connection
with the appointment. Hence we could not
report against him. Hut the evidence did show
that this money bought off the boy who had
been nominated; and then the Secretary of
the Navy, because the time had expired when
the Congressman could appoint, appointed this
man's son.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask a question
there. Was this done with the cognizance of
Commander Upshur? Did he know that the
money was to be so used?
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot tell what he ex-
pected the money would be used for, whether for
building churches, or school-houses, or fox-
charitable purposes, or for anything else. But
that is the way in which the money was used.
_ Mr. MAYNARD. Did he know of the in-
direct mode by which the appointment was
procured—by buying off the other man?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know whether the
witness is a believable witness or not, but that
is what the witness swore to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. What witness
swore to that?
