8186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
from Missouri has indicated his olueotion to
this bill. It will be passed over, ana the next
bill will be reported.
bills previously objected to.
Mr. RAMSEY. On Friday last the Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Corbett] felt under an obli-
gation. in the absence of the Senator froin Ver-
mont, (Mr. Edmunds,] to object to three very
small bills reported by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads for the relief of post-
masters whose funds were lost by robbery. As
the Senator from Vermont has now returned,
and they were passed over informally, and
ought not to incumber the Calendar, I trust
the Senate will now consider them. They are
numbered 884, 885, and 386 in the order of
business. The sums involved are small.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We had better go on
regularly. •
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Oregon
objected to those bills. I think they had better
go over.
Mr. RAMSEY. He objected in the absence
of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. POME HOY. The Senator from Ver-
mont had nothing to do with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He objected on the
authority of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Vermont
disclaims having given nnv such advice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Oregon withdraw his objection to these
bills?
Mr. CORBETT. I 'wish to explain my
objections to them whartever they come up.
The VICE PUESfDENT. The Senator still
objects. The bills will remain on the Calendar.
voksisio uks kkvation, san f han cisco.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next hill on
the Calendar is the bill (3. No. 370) granting j
the Presidio reservation to the city of San ,!
Francisco for a public park, reported adversely |
by the Committee on Military Affairs. The !
Secretary cannot lay his hand on the bill at this j
moment, and it will be passed over informally.
Mr. COLE. I ask that it be passed over for ;
to-day. | j
Mr. POMEROY. It is reported adversely, it
Mr. COLE. I should like to have the report
that ia with the bill printed for the use of the i
Senate. £ believe ibere is no written report '
trora the committee proper, but there is a com-
munication from the War Department, which I
wish to hare printed. Ido not think the grounds
taken by the War Department are well taken
against the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that the communication of the
War Department relative to this bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over for the present.
kxecotioh of the taws in tjtaii.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill 1
(H. R. No. 1089) in aid of the execution of the ,
laws in the Territory of Utah, and for other
purposes.  
Mr. SPENCER. That is an important bill,
and it will give rise to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be ,
passed over.
services in taking, census of ' ,
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill j
.(8. No. 99) to pay loyal citizens in the States
lately in rebellion for services in taking the '
United States census in 1860; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the claims of loyal eitizens in the
States of Alabama, . Arkansas, Florida, Geor-
gia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina,
South Carolioa, Texas, and Virginia, for ser-
vices rendered as United States marshals and
their assistants in taking the eighth census in
the year I860, may be paid out of any unex-
pended balance of any moneys hitherto appro-
priated for the payment of United States mar-
shals and their assistants for services rendered
in taking the eighth census in the year 1860;
hot no pnrt of auy such balance is to be paid
to or on account of any claimant who partici-
pated in the late rebellion or gave to it aid or
cotnlbrt.
Mr. SUMNER. I observe in that bill no
way of determining the question of loyalty. I
think if the Senator from South Carolina who
has chargeof the bill would require that before
payment claimants should take the iron-clad
oath there would be no objection. It seems to
me that ought to be done.
Mr. SAWYER. I will state in explanation
of the bill that the claims which it proposes to
pay have all been adjusted ami audited, and no
one has been allowed at the Department of the
Interior except in cases where tho loyalty has
been proved. I have no objection to add a
proper amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Would it not be better, by
way of precaution, to require the iron-clad
oath? There can be no objection to it, and it
would strengthen the bill of the Senator.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not draw tho bill my-
self. It was sent here from the Interior De-
Eartment. I have a communication from that
•epartment in reference to it, and I think there
will be no objection to the bill. Neither do I
see any objection to adding that the Depart-
ment shall take the oath of the party.
Mr. SUMNER. Provide that each party
before payment shall take the oath prescribed
by the statute of July 2, 1862.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator a
question ? If the claimants whom he proposes
shall receive their money can take the iron-clad
oath, why are they not paid under the law now?
Mr. SAWYER. Because there is no appro-
priation.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator think
that is the only reason ?
Mr. SAWYER. That is what is stated in
the letter of the Secretary.
Mr. CONKLING. This proposition has al-
waysbeen introduced before in connection with
the admission that these men were appointed,
or rather designated, ty the then authorities in
violation of the law..
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator misunder-
stands the case.
Mr. CONKLING. I think not.
Mr. SAWYER. This is to pay for services
in taking the census of 1860.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the very ca3e of
which I am speaking.
Mr. SPENCER. The Senator from New
York is mistaken.
Mr. CONKLING. I repeat, Mr. President,
that these claims, as has been stated heretofore,
were of men who were designated not accord-
ing to law, and it has always been admitted
that they were represented by those who could
not take the so-called iron-clad oath, though it
' was required, I know, after this service had
been performed. That I am aware of.
Mr. WARNER. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. This is a bill to pay census-takers
for taking the census of 1860.
Mr. CONKLING. No doubt about that.
I am not mistaken in that respect, because I
see what it is. I am also not mistaken, I think,
in remembering that it has been repeatedly
admitted here that these claimants, or a num-
ber of them, were not appointed according to
the law as it stood at that time; and also that
they were men who could not take the oath
which the Senator from Massachusetts proposes
to require.
Mr. SAWYER. Allow me to correct the
Senator in a matter of fact. The Superintend-
ent of the Census says there is no reason why
these accounts have not been paid, but that an
appropriation is wanting for that purpose. His
letter is before me, and I can send it to the
desk to he read. It seems to tne a perfectly
clear case.
Mr. CONKLING. Why is it not carried into
the appropriate bill, the appropriation bill ?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not know any reason.
The bill was sent to the Committee on Claims
originally, I believe.
Mr. S11ERMAN. This ease came before
the Committee on Finance before the'Com-
mittee ou Appropriations was organized. The
facts are very simple. A great number of per-
sons were employed to take the census of I860
in the southern States, and the war came on
before the settlement of their accounts. At
that time there were ample appropriations to
pay them. As their claims and accounts were
not settled before the war, as a matter of
course the war cut off the settlement of these
claims for tho time being, and the appropria-
tions lapsed and went into the genera' fund.
After the war was over certain loyal claimants
presented claims for services in taking tho
census of 1860, but there was no appropria-
tion out of which to pay them. I remember
that the committee at the time thought, they
ought to have their pay, especially if they
could prove their loyalty. I doubt very much
whether there are many cases of the kind.
But that they are entitled to pay under the law
of 1860 has not been questioned, and their
accounts were not settled and adjusted until
after the rebellion broke out.
These are the facts. The Senator from New
York, 1 think, mixes up this class of claims
with the claims of assessors and assistant as-
sessors appointed by Mr. McCulloch iu 1865
who could not take the test-oath. In that
class of cases also the Committee on Finance
reported a bill giving pay for the actual service
rendered, although the parties were not ap-
pointed according to law. These men were
appointed in pursuance of law, earned their
money, and it was due to them, but was not
paid tor the reason that the war came on before
their accounts were settled. lean see no rea-
son why this bill should not pass; nor can I
see any reason why it should not be attached
to one of the general appropriation bills, except
that it is to pay for services rendered some
years ago. I think no one ought to object to this
bill, which is confined simply to loyal eensus-
. takers who earned their money before the war.
Mr. CONKLING. If I have fallen into an
error in reference to this matter it is not the
error supposed by the Senator from Ohio. I
preserve entirely in my recollection the .dis-
tinction between these claims and the claims
made by assistant assessors and assessors, and
I believe collectors also, who were appointed
by Mr. McCulloch in 1865 in violation of law.
I think, however, I cannot be mistaken in ray
recollection to this extent: these men stand
tabulated nt the Interior Department as dis-
loyal claimants for taking the census. It has
been stated also in this Chamber, unless I am
greatly at fault,.that they vere not appointed
according to law. Of course I do not mean
now according to the law of 1862, which was
not enacted until after this service had been
Performed. I hope Senators will not suppose
fall into that error. I think the truth is that
they are in the main disloyal claim an as they
have been called. If they are not, and if they
hold commissions front the marshals accord-
ing to the act of 1850, I agree with the Sen-
ator from Ohio there is no reason why they
should not be paid. But it seems to me that
the payment should be made by being included
in the proper appropriation bill, the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill,
and then there should be some mode adopted
of rigidly scrutinizing these claims and 'dis-
tinguishing between those which in fact add
in law are due and those which are not. That
is the only suggestion I wish to make.
Mr. SAWYER. The history of this bill is
this: it came from the Committee on Claims
to the .Committee on Appropriations; the
chairman of the Committee ou Claims ad-
dressed a note to the Secretary of the Iuterior
asking for information in reference to it. The
reply to that note is in the letter which I have
sent to the .desk to be read. He states the
