234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGrBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 29,
Ho. 03? Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Marshall.
41st Cong.....2d Sess.
Mr. CAKE. I will answer the gentleman
that I hope to live to see the day when there
•will be 100,000,000 people in this country
engaged in all the various industrial pursuits.
The gentleman as well as myself may live to
see that day.
Mr. WILKINSON. It should be remem-
bered, Mr. Chairman, that while the agricul-
tural interests of this country include 12,000,000
people there are not more than 1,000,000
engaged in manufactures.
Mr. CAKE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Minnesota, 1 will make another
remark. In Pennsylvania we are not in the
habit of separating the industrial pursuits; we
advocate protection as well for the farmer as
for the manufacturer and the miner. The pro-
tection we seek applies alike to everything.
The farmer gets a better price for his produce
because of the prosperous condition of the
rr  o n tifontn roi"
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. Chairman, I de-
sire to see all the industries of the country
prosperous and thriving, and I am willing that
there should be a duty of 30 per cent, imposed
on the goods that are mainly consumed by the
agricultural people whom I represent. I am
willing that there should be a revenue tariff
for the purpose of raising revenue for the sup-
port of the Government, for I know that such a
revenue we must raise. But the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake] tells us that he
is for protecting all classes, the farmers as well
as others. The farmer, he says, gets better
prices for what he sells because of the pros-
perous condition of the manufacturer; but I
think it will be found on examination that we
of the West are obliged to sell our wheat ac-
cording to the New York prices, and that the
prices of this article in New York are regulated
by the prices of wheat in England. This is
our understanding of it, and I think that this
understanding is correct. If this be so, then
the argument of my friend from Pennsylvania
fails. The manufacturers do not fix the mar-
ket price of our products, but they are governed
by the English markets.
I am willing to have the tariff so graduated
that a tax to the amount of 30 per cent, on
the substantial articles of prime necessity
among the people whom I represent should be
imposed. But I do not think it is fair for
those men who are advocating the doctrine of
protection to insist that upon articles of abso-
lute prime necessity to the people generally,
like iron, woolens, cotton goods, and a variety
of other articles that are consumed by the
great productive element, the farming interest,
that they should insist, with regard to these
articles, on the exorbitant tariff provided for
in this bill and which exists under the present
law. The duty on sueh articles should be
reduced so as to be brought within reasonable
limits. And I warn these gentlemen now, as
my friend from Iowa [Mr. Allison] warned
them the other day, that if they do not agree
to a reasonable adjustment of this matter they
will find trouble will arise, and their whole
scheme of protection will be imperiled.
I am not the enemy of the gentlemen who
are advocating this proposition, nor am I an
enemy of their interest. I protest against be-
ing so considered. But I do insist that it is
for their interest, and for the interest of the
manufacturers of this country that they should
agree now, as Mr. Clay did in 1833, when there
was trouble coming upon the country, to ad-
just the tariff at a reasonable gtandard, and
then the whole country will acquiesce in it,
and there will be stability among all the busi-
ness interests of the country.
Mr. CAKE. The gentleman will allow me
to interrupt him once more for a moment.
Belying, as I do, upon the knowledge and
ability of the gentleman and of my friend
from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] I would agree to
allow them to adjust the tariff, so long as they
did not entirely wipe it out, if they would
attach to it as a proviso fifteen lines, which I
will read:
That whenever the imports shall exceed the ex-
ports of the country, independent of coin, for any
fiscal quarter of any fiscal year 5 per cent., the
Secretary of the Treasury, by giving ten days' notice
at the different ports of entry, shall increase the
duties on the whole scale of manufactured articles
10 per cent, until the exports exceed the imports
5 per ccnt., exclusive of coin; and also when the
exports, including bullion not coined, exceed the
imports 10 per cent, in any fiscal quarter of any
fiscal year, independent of coin, the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to reduce the duties 5 per
cent, on the whole scale, until an equilibrium is
established, of which reduction ten days'notice shall
also be given.
Mr. PETERS. There is one other question
which I would like to put to the gentleman
from. Minnesota. He has alluded to the Henry
Clay tariff percentages. I want to ask him
whether the amount of revenue required to be
raised is not ten times more now than it was
then?
Mr. WILKINSON. I answer that by say-
ing that the necessities of the country require
a correspondingly large amount of imports.
Mr. PETERS. About ten times.
Mr. WILKINSON. It does not necessarily
require that we should raise the duties ten times.
Mr. PETERS. No, not at all; if we raise
them twice or three times we do pretty well.
Mr. WILKINSON. We do not want to
raise them at all above a reasonable standard.
It is unreasonable to impose such burdens upon
the consumers of the country who are also pro-
ducers. All that we of the West ask is fair
play and a fair and equal adjustment of the
tariff. I do not believe that the popular senti-
ment of my State requires that there shall be
such a radical change as to destroy the indus-
trial interests of the country. I do not want
gentlemen to suppose that I entertain that view
at all. But I do insist upon a reduction of the
present tariff to something like the standard
suggested by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison.] Having said this much, I believe
that I have said pretty much all I intended to
say, and I have used many more words and con-
sumed more time than I expected.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I think I heard the
gentleman say—I have certainly heard others
who have taken his position in the course of
this debate say—that there is no power in the
Constitution to levy duties for any other pur-
pose than for revenue. Did I so understand
the gentleman?
*• Mr. WILKINSON. I do not wish to go into
a constitutional argument.
Mr. CLEVELAND. If that is his position,
I would like to ask what this means. Section
eight of the first article of the Constitution
declares that—
" The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and general
welfare of the United States."
Under that I claim that they have the power.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will say that that has
been a mooted point; but if the gentleman will
look back over the discussions which have
taken place in our earlier days among very
able men, he will see that they have taken the
ground that primarily the object of that pro-
vision of the Constitution was to confer this
power upon Congress for the purpose of rais-
ing the necessary revenue for the support of
the Government. If I understand that pro-
vision "and for the general welfare," it is to
give Congress the power to discriminate in im-
posing this burden upon the people. I quali-
fied it in that way in my remarks in the first
instance. I stated that I believe Congress has
this power primarily for purposes of revenue ;
and secondly, it has the discretion to take the
tax off some articles and make it higher upon
others, and in that way to protect some inter-
ests of the country when it is for the general
welfare.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I am glad to find that
the gentleman has the same opinion on that
point that I have.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. S. S. MARSHALL,
of illinois,
Is the House of Representatives,
March 29, 1870.
The House being in the Committee of the "Whole
on the state of the Union, and having under con-
sideration the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing
laws relating to the duties on imports, and for oth«r
purposes—
Mr. MARSHALL said:
Mr. Chairman : The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley,} who addressed the
committee on Friday, last, is, I believe, the
acknowledged leader of the protection school
of economists in these Halls. He is, at least,
the ever-ready and able champion of all those
who are eternal pensioners upon the public
bounty, and who rely for the enhancement of
their fortunes, not upon their economy, dili-
gence, and superior skill in business, but upon
the success with which they can lobby through
Congress special legislation for their protec-
tion. It is somewhat amusing to see the grav-
ity with which he enunciates exploded theories
and promulgates dogmas that are part of the
worn-outabsurdities ofabarbarous philosophy.
It is no discouragement to him that these airy
fortifications have been demolished a thousand
times. He does not seem to be aware that the
foundation upon whichhe stands is rapidly melt-
ing away beneath his feet; that throughout this
whole land there has been a wonderful awaken-
ing among the people; and that in every town
and village and upon every farm the despoiled
are demanding that the monopolists shall
loosen the grasp by which they have almost
destroyed the country.
If the committee will indulge me, I hope
to be able to show that the Chinese law of
restriction and prohibition advocated by the
gentleman is the law of barbarism, injustice,
and oppression, and that God's law of free
trade, of the unrestricted and unfettered ex-
change of commodities among men, is the law
of civilization, of humanity, and of progress.
POWEK OF TAXATION.
The power of taxation is necessary to the
existence of a Government, but it is the most
dangerous and the most liable to abuse of all
other powers. Any one who has given proper
attention to the subject will_ readily compre-
hend that by the exercise of this power, through
the machinery of government and under the
most plausible pretenses, the fruits of the labor
of one class or section may be and often is trans-
ferred to another, resulting in the enrichment
and aggrandizement of the favored class and
the ruin of the other. That it is often, if not
chiefly, in this way that great riches and
princely incomes are achieved and aristocra-
cies built up is undeniable.
PRESENT CONDITION OF THE COUNTRY.
If we did not know better, the monopolists
would make us believe that under the present
system of high tariffs labor was everywhere
lightly burdened and liberally rewarded; that
golden showers were falling into the lap of in-
dustry ; that taxes were unfelt, commerce flour-
ishing, and agriculture prosperous. Go among
the people, gentlemen, and you will hear a dif-
ferent story from this. What is, in fact, the
actual condition of the country? Our ship-
yards are idle, and labor looks there for em-
