1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5025
Biiooks,] representing as lie does a special in-
terest, standing upon this question isolated from
the great body of the Democratic party in this
country, I say to him that the Democratic party
lias hitherto throughout its history never failed
to keep faith with the people, aud to fulfill all
its promises. And if it should obtain the con-
trol of the affairs of this country it will inaugur-
ate without hesitation the policy of paying the
public debt on the principles of absolute jus-
tice—on the basis in value on which it was
made, dollar for dollar.
This great debt, contracted in the time of
our national necessity, will be paid according
to its value in the money in which it was con-
tracted, dollar for dollar in greenbacks, if you
please. And the voice of Wall street will be
as a gentle whisper against the great utterance
of the Democratic party demanding justice
for the people, and that they should bear no
greater burden of this great debt than justice
and honor and good faith demand. More than
this the bondholder cannot rightfully demand,
more than this the Democratic party will not
concede. He cannot rightfully demand that
his bond, purchased in money less valuable
than gold, forty per cent, less valuable, 110
one will deny, and payable by the contract in
the same money, shall be paid in gold, nor can
justice to the people concede such a demand,
however presumptuously made.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Mayiiam, as modified, to strike out the words
"of the United States, as well as from taxa-
tion so that portion of the section would
read as follows:
Which said bonds and the interest thereon shall
be exempt from the payment of all taxes or duties,
in any form, by or under State, municipal, or local
authority, &c.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is merely a prop-
osition to reenact the Constitution.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I call for the yeas and
nays on the pending amendment.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division, there
"were—ayes 2"2, noes 99; not one fifth voting in
the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. IIOLM AN called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers;
and there were twenty-one in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and navs were accordingly not
ordered.
The question was then taken oil the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Mayiiam; and upon a
division there were—ayes 25, noes 97.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend this
section by striking out the words '"in coin of
the present standard of value;" also by strik-
ing out the words "such coin" and inserting
in lieu the words " lawful money of the United
States so that the section, if so amended,
would read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to issue, ill a sum or sums not exceeding
in the aggregate $1,000,000,090, coupon or registered
bonds ot the United States, in such iorni as he may
prescribe, and of denominations of fifty dollars or
soine multiple of that sum, redeemable at tho pleas-
ure of the. United States after thirty years from toe
date of their issue, and bearing interest payable
semi-annually ill lawful money of the United States
at the rate of four per cent, per annum, Jcc.
And I ask for the yeas and nays on my
amendment.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were nine in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth ot the
last full vote) the yeas and nays ware not
osdered.
The question was then taken upon theamend-
ment moved by Mr. Ingersoll ; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to amenu the
41ST CONG. 2D SBSS,—No. S15.
clause fixing the time these bonds shall run by
making it read "twenty years" instead of
'' thirty years.''
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Marshall ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 22, noes 85.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. I move to amend by making
the time "fifty years" instead of "thirty
years."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I move to make it "one
thousand years" instead of "thirty years."
[Laughter.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend this sec-
tion by adding to it the following:
Provided, That no agent or agents shall be em-
ployed in the United States or elsewhere for the
sale or exchange of such bonds.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is not necessary.
The amendment was not agreed to, upon a
division—ayes 3G, noes 87.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simp-
sou, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to bills of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 327) to prevent the extermin-
ation of fur-bearing animals in Alaska; and
An act (S. No. 834) to create a port of
delivery at Yallejo, California.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (S. R. No. 103)
for the relief of certain officers of the Navy.
conference committees.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of the following committees of conference:
On the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
oil the bill (H. R. No. 1169) making appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations (so called) with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1871, and for other purposes, Mr. Sargent,
Mr. Beck, and Mr. Clarke of Kansas.
On the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (S. No. 378) to provide a national
currency of coin notes, and to equalize the
distribution of circulating notes, Mr. Jodd,
Mr. Packer, and Mr. Knott.
filling vacancies on committees.
The SPEAKER also announced the follow-
ing appointments on committees, to fill vacan-
cies caused by the death of Hon. David Heaton:
Of Elections—Henry W. Barry, of Missis-
sippi.
un Coinage, Weights, and Measures—Josern
II. Lewis, of Kentucky.
funding bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. 11. No. 21G7) to authorize the refund-
ing and consolidation of the national debt, and
for other purposes.
No further amendment being offered to the
first section, the next section was read, as fol-
lows :
Skc. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to sell and
dispose of any of the bond- issued under this act at
not less than their par value for coin, and to apply
the proceeds thereof to the redemption of any ot tho
bonds of the United States outstanding, and known
as live-twenty bonds, at their par value, or be may
exchange tho same for such five-twenty bonds, par
for par; but the bonds hereby authorized shall oe
used for no other purpose whatsoever.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend by adding
at the end of section two the following:
But nothing in this act shall authorize tho Score-
tary of tho Treasury to allow or pay any commission
or percentage for tho sale of the bonds so issued, or
any part thereof.
r have oifered this amendment in good faith,
for reasons which, I think, must be apparent,
upon the mere statement of the proposition.
During recent years there has been paid to the
employes of theTreasuryDepartmc-ntas a bro-
kerage commission a large percentage, amount-
ing in the aggregate to many millions of dollars,
for the negotiation of our national loans ; and
in addition to this favorite brokers have been
enabled to amass millions by hawking about
the country and throughout Europe the public
credit for their own pecuniary and personal
benefit.
Now, in this bill there is a very suspicious
absence of any restriction which will prevent
the Secretary of the Treasury from employing
some banking firm or broker as his agent in
securing the taking of this loan abroad. This
bill evidently intends that the Secretary shall
do this if he can. Hence, I intend to incor-
porate in this bill an inhibition which may
prevent any Government broker from amassing
wealth through the favoritism of the Treasury
Department while the people •are oppressed
with unjust taxation. I desire to prevent
this indirect fleecing of the tax-payers of the
country. I hope the House will concur with
me in this desire, and will adopt my amend-
ment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suggest to the gen-
tleman to modify his amendment by inserting
before the phrase "sale of tho bonds" the
words "transfer, exchange, or."
Mr. WOOD. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that this whole
bill looks to a Treasury operation, an official
transaction by the Secretary of the Treasury
through such agents only as the law now gives
him, and whose pay is provided for by law;
in other words, his clerks and other subordin-
ates. The bill contains no appropriation for
tho payment of any agents ; and if the Secre-
tary should attempt the employment of agents
iu the manner the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] apprehends, he would be exceed-
ing his lawful authority.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman knows that
the Secretary of the Treasury does not always
wait for an appropriation by law when he
wants to carry out any object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think we can trust the
Secretary of the Treasury not to disregard the
provisions of law. We have aimed in this bill
to make the negotiation of these bonds purely
and simply a Treasury operation, assuming
that no Secretary of the Treasury will under-
take to spend for such a purpose money not
appropriated, or to appoint agents not pro-
vided for by law. Our bill differs in this
respect from the Senate bill, which contains a
provision making allowance for the employ-
ment of agents.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say a word
upon this point. Experience has shown that
the payment of commissions for the negotia-
tion of Government loans, and for similar ser-
vices, has been in the past a great abuse in the
conduct of the Treasury Department. This
House has more than once, by nearly unani-
mous votes, inserted in bills of this character
such a provision as that now proposed by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.] I
think it will be a wise and proper safeguard to
provide in this bill that nothing shall be paid
as commissions for the negotiation of this loan ;
that no discretion in this regard shall be left
to anybody. I hope, therefore, the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly its adoption
cannot do any harm.
Mr. ALLISON. I trust the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from New York
will not be adopted. It seems to me it will be
I very difficult, indeed, to negotiate a four per
' cent, loan to the amount of §1,000,000,000,
when our six per cent, bonds are not now at
par.
j Now, sir, if we are able to negotiate this
■ four per cent, loan within a year we will save
| a large amount of interest upon our existing
i debt; and therefore I would be willing to give
