.1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4081
there have been any they have been so very
rare that I do not now remember them. And
I will say to my friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] who made the broad assertion the
other night that all these reservations were en-
croached upon by the white settlers, that there
has not been one single encroachment upon
any of the six reservations in the State of
Nebraska within the last eight years. There
has not been a diilicuity between the Indians i
and the settlers, according to my recollection,
until within the last twelve months. Senators
can make their own comments. I say to my
friend from Indiana, as much as I desire the
success of this policy, I fear it is not the policy
to try with Indians.
Mr. MOIUtiLL, of Maine. I do not rise to
argue this matter to the Senate. That is a
duty that devolves rather upon the Committee
on Indian Affairs; but as the Secretary of the
Interior addressed a communication to (he
Committee on Appropriations recommending
this appropriation, I think, perhaps, I ought to
state the facts to the Senate as I understand
them. And I will take this occasion to advert
to a remark which fell from the honorable
Senator from Nebraska, which I hope was
altogether inadvertent. He said that he thought
these improvements, if they were made, would
be all lost, because it was his hope that these
Indians would be sent to the Indian territory.
Mr. THAYEE. I cannot now recall the
words that I used, but what I intended to say
was this: that I hoped these reservations
would be extinguished and the Indian tribes
would go south, and therefore there was 110
necessity for making the improvements. I did
not, mean that they should be destroyed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 am afraid
that that is the animus which inspires my hon-
orable friend in opposing all improvements for
the Indians in these localities.
Mr. THAYER. I want to save this money.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am extiemely
sorry that that spirit should show itself in
regard to this appropriation.
Then my honorable friend made another
remark, which 1 hope was also inadvertent, as
I am suie he will agree it is entirely without
foundation, and that was that the Quakers
inspired the Indians with confidence that they
would be encouraged in the course of wrong-
doing. ITe certainly does not mean to impute
that; nor does he believe that the Indians are
inspired with any such belief by the Friends.
That was inadvertent, I know, 011 the part of
my honorable friend, and therefore I pass it
over.
Now, what are the facts of this case? There
are sixty-four hundred and eighty-three Indians
in the State of Nebraska, composed of Santee
Sioux, Winnebagoes, Omahas, Sacs and Foxes
of the Missouri, lowas, Ottoes, Missourias,
and the Pawnees. Let us see whether they
are people who should bo scourged and driven
out of Nebraska and sent to that limbo in the
Indian territory, or whether they are people
whom we can afford to encourage in any way
with any hope of improving them. Let us
take the Santee Sioux. Here is an account of
them given to us within a very few days from
the Department of the Interior:
"Tho Santee Sioux occupy a reservation of four
townships, situated on the Missouri at the mouth of
the Kiobrara river, withdrawn from sale for this
purpose by the President. They number about nine
hundred and seventy, and aie a part of the Sioux
who were compelled to leave Minnesota on account
of the outbreak in 186'i. Homo were prisoners, who,
after confinement and failure to connect them with
the massacre, were brought to this point; others
removed to this location from the Crow Crook reser-
vation in Dakota, where an attempt had been made
to establish them."
Here is the point:
" They are peaceable, industrious, sober, andmany
of them are Christianized."
My honorable friend ought not to be afraid
to have those people civilized. He ought not
to be afraid to have them brought under the
power of civilizing influences.
41ST CONO. 2D SESS.—No. 256.
Now, what is said about the "Winnebagoes?
"They are engaged in agricultural pursuits, a
majority being thriving and industrious tanners."
Is there any objection to our buying plows
for those people ? They are industrious ; they
are engaged in agricultural pursuits.
" Many being men of considerable intelligence and
education."
If they had the right of the elective franchise
I have no doubt they would have the good sense
and the patriotism to support my honorable
friend as a public officer.
Then there are the Omahas, of whom this
report says:
"They number about one thousand; linve lands
in severalty; have mado considerable advance in
agricultural pursuits, mid shown an interest in the
education of their children."
They have become so distinguished in our
annals as to give their name to the principal
city in the State which my honorable friend
repiesents; the home, it is suggested to me, of
my honorable friend. He adopts tho name, but
proposes to exclude tho people; and farther,
lie objects in the Senate of the United States,
under the patronage of the humane sect who
have become famous in our history for their
humanity, to an appropriation of money for
the civilization of these Indians under those
agencies.
Mr. THAYER. Will the Senator allow mo
to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. I should like to ask him
what has become of the Indians who once
inhabited the State of Maine?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We have about,
fourteen hundred Indians there, whom we sup-
port from the treasury of (he State of Maine.
Look through this whole bill, and you will not
find a dollar for ihose Indians; and we have
made no application for reservations abroad,
and 110 application for their extinction from the
State. They are as harmless and as innocent
a class of people as are in our borders.
Mr. THAYER. I referred to those who
once lived in I he State of Maine, the tribes
that have become extinct.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Most of them
have gone the way of all the earth; "gone
where tho woodbine twinelh." [Laughter.]
Then (here are the Pawnees, of whom this
report says:
"Their reserve i? secured to them hy tiea.ty; (hey
receive iinruiiiics, end have evinced their loyalty to
the (roveiv.ment 011 m.civ occasion-; by lurniidiing
scouts for tho Army, who hnvo done otlieiem service
in the contests with tribes at war with tho Govern-
ment."
My honorable friend was at the head of the
troops there, doing valiant service, and here
were the scouts aiding him ; and yet now he
says they must go to that limbo in the Indian
territory, the common sepuleher of all the
wandering Indians; and it is said they want to
go there. I understand hoiv they are brought
to say they want to go. I can understand how
men can be made so uncomfortable at home
that they want to go elsewhere. I know that
a portion of the Indians of this country want
to go to the Indian territory in one sense—to
escape a bitterer fate, if possible, where they
are. That is the only reason why they wautto
go there. 1 understand something about this.
Then there are the lowas, in my friend's
State, all of them agriculturists. Here is the
language applied to them in this report, which
would be creditable to a great many white
people 011 the border:
"The lowas emigrated from Iowa and northwest
part of Mis&ouri to their piesent reserve in south-
eastern part of tho ritatc, adjoining Sacs and Foxes
of Missouri. Xhev hold their present reserve under
treaty. I11 1S15 they numbered one thousand; m
1853, four hundred and eighty-beveii; andin 1BG0, l\vo
hundred and twcmy-eight. They are peaceable,
temperate, and industrious, and interested in the
education ot their children."
Now, are those men to be civilized ? Shall
we throw around the men of whom that can be
said the civilizing influences of this nation and
save them; or shall we contemplate their utter
extinction? The Society of Friends have now
taken an interest in this subject, and have de-
puted men who are guileless and spotless , in
their purity, whose motives nobody questions—
both my honorable friends from Nebraska,
I am happy to say, bear testimony to' their
eatire confidence in the purity of their motives
and the correctness of their intentions-3-to take
charge of these Indians. There are between
six and seven thousand of these people, indus-
trious and wilh a desire of improvement, and
here are the bestagencies thenation affords vol-
untarily contributing what they can to this end.
Now the question is, will the Congress of the
United States think it a good thing to appro-
priate §30,000 to this end? That ia all there
is in this proposition. The Secretary of the
Interior recommends it; and I will close what
1 have to say by sending up to the desk a let-
ter, which 1 ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read tho following letter :
Department of the Interior,
Washington, March 7,1H70.
Stu: I have tho honor to communicate herewith,
for the consideration and action of your committee,
copio" of papers submitted to this Department by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in relation to
tho condition of tho Indian sorviee in the northern
superintcndcncy, which is tho subject ofa memorial
of (he committee 011 Indian concerns of the Society
of l'h'iends, that lias received the approval of tho
Depaitmont, mid is respectfully recommondod to
your tavorablo consideration.
J. D. COX,
S"'T<-lytry of the Interior.
Hon. Lot M. Mouuill, Chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, United States Senate.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me there is more
of this case than tho simple proposition last
presented by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations. Ho states that there are
some six thousand of these Indians. These
Indians are in a State and on reservations, and
according to his own statement in an advanced
stage of civilization. They are industrious. If
that be so, being so engaged, they are earning
their own living, to some extent at least. Now,
sir, I observe that we have made appropriations
already for these tribes severally, and I find
the appropriations in the bill in reference to
one of thein to amount to some $24,000.
Mr. THAYER. For the Omaha3?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir. The first item is
§20,000 in a round sum ; the next, $300 ; and
then $1,*200 for an engineer. Then we appro-
priate for a farmer, who, I suppose, superin-
tends their farming and gives them directions'.
We appropriate for a blacksmith tomend their
plows and hoes and sickles. We appropriate
for the support of a blacksmith and for the
furnishing of his shop with tools. And so we
have gone on making appropriations for these
several tribes.
The proposition now before the Senate,
instead of being the one presented by the Sen-
ator who last addressed the Senate upon this
subject, is whether we shall add to these largo
appropriations already made in pursuance of
treaty stipulations the sum of $30,000. I in-
tend no reflection upon any class of people who
may have had these Indians in charge. Of my
own knowledge I do not know who has them
in charge. It makes no difference with me
whether they are in charge of the Society of
Friends, or the Presbyterians, or the Catholics,
or the Methodists, or the Baptists. The figures
here speak for themselves, and either excuse
or condemn those who have them in charge.
T say that the large appropriations made to
these Indians in pursuance of treaty stipula-
1| tions are fully as much as they are entitled to;
i and the application on the part of those who
! have them in charge for $00,000, $30,000 of
j which is recommended by the committee, is
j altogether beyond any reasonable demand that
j they have a right to make upon the Govern-
ment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope this amend-
ment will be adopted and this appropriation
made. I think there is good reason for it. I he
course which has been pursued by the Govern-
ment toward the Indians heretofore appears
