1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2193
Mr. LOGAN. M. "D. Landon.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I would not be-
lieve him.
Mr. LOGAN. That may be ; but he swore
it, and the circumstances go strongly to show
that he swore the truth ; for the other boy-
resigned and the Secretary of the Navy ap-
pointed this boy, and he is now in the Acad-
emy.
Mr. STEVENS. Onwhoserecommcndation
was he appointed?
Mr. LOGAN. On nobody's. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I have said that I am willing to strike
out the word " direct" in the resolution aud
substitute the word "request," and I hope
that as thus amended the House will adopt
it. For I do consider—and I say this in jus-
tice to the committee—that having reported
against members of Congress who we believe
had acted corruptly we could do no less, under
the resolution of the House, than report against
officers of the Government who we thought had
acted improperly. We considered it was just
as improper for a man to take money and use
it for the purpose of procuring a violation of
the law as to take money and violate the law.
That is my theory about it. Hence we say to
the Secretary of the Navy, " We request you
to put Mr. Upshur 011 trial, and if he is not
guilty let your report say so ; if he is guilty, he
is not lit tor the service of the United States."
That is all I wish to say about it.
Mr. STARK WEATHER. 1 desire to make
a suggestion. I am a friend of Captain Upshur,
having known him for a number of months, and
I wish to say that he will be entirely satisfied if
some such words as these are inserted in the
resolution: " ifthc Secretary of the Navy deems
it consistent with the interests of the public
service."
Mr. LOGAN. I have agreed to .substitute
the word "request," and 1 think that is going
far enough. VVe have frequently passed reso-
lutions directing the Departments to do some-
thing or other " if consistent with the interests
of the public service," and we were refused
information which wo thought, we should have
had. As regards this resolution it makes no
difference to mo whether Captain Upshur
objects or not.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, lie wishes au
investigation, but he desires that his caso shall
not be prejudged.
Mr. LOGAN. We do not prejudge his case.
Wo have withheld the evidenoo in order to
prevent the country from prejudging the case,
and have only asked that he bo put upon his
trial.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. As a friend of
Captain Upshur I desire an investigation.
But what 1 complain of is that in the iorm in
which this resolution is put it prejudges him.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman says he is
a iriend of Captain Upshur. If Captain Up-
shur's friends desire an investigation I think
this is the best way to securo that object.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. We desire an
investigation, but we do not want his caso
prpjuded.
Mr. LOGAN. When the resolution was in-
troduced I did not intend to say a word upon
it, and all that has been said about Captain
Upshur 011 this floor this morning has been
lished upanddrawn outbythatofficer'sfriends;
so I think they have very little right to com-
plain.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. We dp not com-
plain at all; but whea the gentleman introduces
a resolution which requires an investigation and
prejudges the case we want the facts ; we de-
sire that investigation shall be had.
Mr. LOGAN. That is all right. We will
have it.
Mr. VOORHEES. I desire to say in ex-
planation simply this : I think that inasmuch
as the debate has taken the shape it has it
would be better for Commander Upshur that
this matter should be referred in some shape |
to the Secretary of the Navy.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 138.
Mr. LOGAN. I think so.
Mr. VOORHEES. I am satisfied of that.
I am not convinced at all that Commander
Upshur has been doing anything inconsistent
with his standing as a naval officer; but since
these charges have been made, and this debate
has taken place, I think it best for him. And
the only suggestion that I desire to make, and
which 1 made privately to the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Starkweather,] is that it
should be a request to the Secretary of the
Navy, if ho deems it consistent with the inter-
ests of the public service. I think the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs [Mr.
Logah] misunderstood the gentleman from
Connecticut, and thought that it was to be left
to Commander Upshur's consideration. Not
at all. But if the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs thinks it best not to accept
that suggestion, aud will allow it to stand as a
simple request, I shall make no further objec-
tion to it.
Mr. LOGAN. It is a mere request. He
is not bound to obey it unless he wants to; so
that, it is just us efficient one way as the other.
Mr. VOORHEES. Well, perhaps it is.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to have the
effect of the resolution destroyed.
The SPEAKER. Hoes the gentleman from
Illinois admit the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Soofikld ?]
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; 1 cannot agree to it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
to allow the amendment to be offered 'I
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; I desire to change
one word in the resolution. I move to strike
out the word "directed" and to insert "re-
quested," and I move the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to lot me oiler an amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I will hear it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I inovetostrike
out all after the word " court," and to insert
in lieu thereof the words "of inquiry for the
purpose of ascertaining whether Commander
Upshur has been guilty of conduct unbecoming
au officer of the Navy;" so that the resolution
will read:
lieavlval. That a copy of said evidcnco be trans-
mitted to ttio Secretary of tho Navy, and that ho bo
requested to convcno a court of inquiry for tlio pur-
pose of ascertaining; whether Commander Upshur lias
neon guilty of conduct unbecoming an officer of tho
Navy.
i desire to say to my friend, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, that it seems
to me wo can tnalco this request with great pro-
priety and not put the House in the attitude
of an accuser. It occurs to me that it is rather
inappropriate for tho House of Representatives
to appear as accuser before a court in one of
the Executive Departments of this Govern-
ment. It will he remembered that preeisely a
similar course was pursued in regard to an
ordnance officer, when a committee of this
House decided that it was not proper for a
committee—I dtf'not know whether thoy went
so far as to say that it was not proper for the
House, but I should say it was the same thing
—to put themselves in the attitude of prose-
cutor. It occurs to me that this amendment
would reach the whole purpose desired just as
well and would result in a court of inquiry if
tho Department find it necessary. We put
them on the inquiry, and I think we ought to
leave it there.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois admit that amendment?
Mr. LOGAN. I am willing that tho House
shall vote upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I offer
that amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I now move tho previous
question.
Tho previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. LogaS, to strike out "directed"
and insert in lieu thereof the word " requested."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, to amend the resolu-
tion so that it shall read, as follows:
Be it resolved. That a copy of said evidence bo
transmitted to the Secretary of the Navy, and that
ho be requested to convene a court oi inquiry tor the
purpose of ascertaining whether Commander Upshur
has been guilty of conduct unbecoming an officer oi
the Navy.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 65, noes 68.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CESSNA. Let us have tellers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. MORGAN. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first put
the question upon ordering tellers.
Tho question was taken ; and there were
twenty-live in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of a quorum) tellers were ordered ; and Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio, and Mr. Logan were
appointed.
Mr. KELSET. We may as well have the
yeas and nays.
Mr. LOGAN. I would rather have the yeas
aud says.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were thirty-two in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the last vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken upon the
amendment moved by Mr. Garfield, of Ohio ;
and it was decided in the negative—yeas 71,
nays 11!), not voting 30; as follows :
YEAS—'Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Arnnll, At,-
wood, Axtoll.Beaman, Bennett, Bird, Blair,Georgo
M. Brooks, .James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burr,
Cessna, Churchill,Cleveland, Clinton L.Cobb, Con-
gor, Cox, Dickey, Dixon, Doekery, Dox, Eldridge,
I'arnsworth, 1'ishcr, Garfield, Gibson, (Jriswoid,
Hale, Haul ill, Hill, Iloge, Holman. Alexander li.
Jones, Judd, Kellogg, Kerr, Marshall, Maynard,
Millies, Samuel P.Morrill.Mungen, Niblack, Peters,
Poland, Potter, Reeves, Ridgway, Roots, Sargent,
Sawyer, Sehenck, Seofield, Strader, Swann, Tail'e,
Tillman, Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Van Trump.
Van Wyck, Voorhecs, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William li. Washburn, Wells, Winans, Wood, ai.d
W oodward—171.
NAYS—Mossrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
ton, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
Hays, lioaton, llefiin, Hoar, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Johnson. Kolley, Kolsoy, Knott, Lawrence, Logan,
Loughridgc, Maykam. McCormick, McGrew, !Jc-
kee, McNeely, Morcur, Eiiakim II. Moore, Jesse H.
Moore, William Moore, Moigan, Daniel J.Morrell,
Myers, Ncgley, O'Neill, Ortli, Packard, Packcr,
Pame, Palmer, Perce, Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser
Randall, Reading, Rogers, Saniord, Schumaker,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sholdon, Portor Sheldon, Sherrod,
\\ nliam J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stokes, Stoughlon, Strickland, Townsend, Tyner,
™ ^elker. Wheeler, Willard, Williams, Eugene
I M. \V llson, John T. Wilson, and Witcher--H9.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey,Benton,Bingham,
Booker, Bowen, Rodcriek R. Butler, Cake, Amasa
Cobb, Davis. Donley, Ela, Fox, Hotchkiss, Jenekes,
Lnomas L. Jones, Julian, Ketcham, Knapp, Lafiin,
L.ish, Lynch, McCarthy, McCrary, McKenzie, Mor-
phis, Morrissey, Piatt, Porter, llice, Slocum, John
A. bmith, Joseph S. Smith, Stone, Stron?, Sweeney,
ianner, \an Auken, "Van Horn, Wilkinson, and
Winchester—so.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The resolution, as amended on motion of Mr.
Logax, was then adopted.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message erom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a hill and a joint resolution
of the following titles, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 227) to incorporate the Colum -
