mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. of Reps.
ployment in vain; tlie fires of extensive found-
eries have died out, and our commerce is per-
ishing from the seas. Go among the farmers
of the West. The hours of toil are lengthen-
ing; labor is poorly rewarded; with a ceaseless
struggle to keep poverty away from their doors,
and in spite of all their efforts, the accumula-
tions of former years are slipping from their
hands.
Bat these protectionists have not intended
to deceive us. They do not believe in the
existence of this privation and poverty. Why
should they ? Legislation has been so adjusted
that they feel none of these evils. They reap
where they have not sown, and their barns are
full to overflowing. Their incomes are ple-
thoric with never ceasing accretions. The
golden streams that flow toward their doors con-
tinue with ever-increasing volume. Their tables
are loaded with costliest wines and the lux-
uries of all lands. Their pathway through life
is strewn with earth's choicest flowers. Why
should they believe in the existence of suffering
and want? Protection has most unquestion-
ably been a good thing for them, and they unite
in singing loud peans to the divinity that has
blessed them. In this they are but following
the natural impulses of poor, fallible human
nature. I shall prefer 110 indictment now against
them. The great wrong, the shame, the crime
is in the trusted Representatives of the people,
especially of the West and South, permitting a
continuation of this robbery of their con-
stituents.
This will doubtless be regarded as strong
language. The dogma of protection has been
sanctified by great names, is heralded with
captivating catch-words and phrases, and has
its thousands of honest, enthusiastic votaries.
I deal not with motives here to-day; but I
shall speak plainly of false theories and that
entire system of legislation by which the masses
are robbed of the fruits of their labor.
protection antagonizes commerce.
1 shall not now devote much time to the
details of the bill before the committee. We
will have ample opportunity for that, I hope,
when we take it up in detail. It is only a por-
tion of a system of taxation which has grown
up or been greatly extended within the last
ten years. It must be considered in connec-
tion with that .system and the theories upon
which it is based. It meets none of the just
expectations of the country. It will not re-
lieve any of the suffering industries ; and while
it reduces the revenues some $20,000,000 it
will not, in any just sense, lighten the burdens
of the people. It is dictated mainly by the
importunities of the manufacturers, and is
based on their favorite dogma of protection.
Protection antagonizes commerce with for-
eign countries. It teaches that we should pro-
duce within ourselves whatever we need or
use, and that commerce, or the exchange of
commodities, must result in loss or injury to one
party or the other. It favors the partial or
total prohibition of the importation of commod-
ities. Though connected with it in practice, it
is in theory and purpose entirely independent
ofthe question oftaxation for revenue. It asserts
the right and vindicates the policy of restric-
tion and prohibition for the purpose of protect-
ing certain special interests at home from for-
eign competition. It claims that this is a just
and good thing per sc, and beneficial to the
country. It lays its ruthless hand upon free-
dom of trade, and places heavy fetters upon the
natural right of exchange. It does this, not in
the name of taxation under the Constitution
for the purpose of revenue, but distinctly and
avowedly for the purpose of protection, and
has the audacity to tell us that it is for the
common weal.
The first question that presents itself, then,
at the very portals of this discussion is whether
or not free and unfettered commerce is bene-
ficial to a nation. The free-trader says yes.
The protectionist says no, this freedom will
poison the fountains of prosperity. Place re-
strictions and fetters upon this commerce, and
the heavier the fetters the more abundant will
be our prosperity and the more independent,
will we be as a nation. It seems almost incred-
ible that such doctrines should be avowed in
this nineteenth century of the Christian era.
Bat they are avowed, and are the inspiration
of a school of economists who have incorpor-
ated their theories into the legislation of our
country, and defiantly retain their foothold in
spite of the protests of a suffering people.
These theories then, however absurd, must be
met and considered.
commerce.
The assumption that the free exchange of
commodities between individuals or nations is
injurious to either party and maybe beneficially
interfered with or obstructed by Government
involves an absurdity and is repugnant to the
universal instincts and unbiased judgments of
mankind. It is only by confusing the intellect
with specious fallacies that any sound mind
can be brought to favor such glaring absurdi-
ties. No man can with his own hands produce
a tithe of those things which are necessary for
his comfort and happiness. Cut off the possi-
bility of exchange and you reduce him to the
condition ofthe savage. The possession of an
abundance of the productions ofall climes adds
greatly to our enjoyments. The desire of ob-
taining this abundance is universal. This can
only be achieved by exchanges, which is com-
merce. Increased production in all arts and
trades is the never-failing result of successful
commerce, and commerce to be successful
must be free. Those States have ever been
most prosperous whose intercourse with others
has been least restrained.
Commerce has been the greatest benefactor
of mankind and the civilizer of the human race.
Nature placed many and formidable barriers
in the way of a free interchange of commodities.
Wide and dangerous seas, extended plains,
almost interminable deserts, dense forests and
lofty mountains, swamps and morasses, pre-
sented obstructions that in the infancy of our
race seemed insurmountable. Until these were
to some extent overcome by a more extended
knowledge of our globe and its resources an
exchange of commodities with remote parts of
the earth, a'11 increase of knowledge and civil-
ization, with all its concomitant blessings, were
utter impossibilities. The great struggle of
man in all ages has been to overcome these
natural obstacles, and success or failure m this
direction has marked the distinction between
the civilized man and the savage. The inven-
tion of the canoe and the raft, and the domes-
tication of the horse, were primitive achieve-
ments to facilitate locomotion and commerce.
But the making of highways and the art of build-
ing ships and of navigation were necessary
before commerce and its handmaidens, knowl-
edge and civilization, can be said to have dawned
upon the earth. And in every age, and without
exception, the nation which has gone farthest
in removing obstructions, and has availed itself
most successfully of the appliances for com-
merce, has surpassed all others in the accumu-
lation of riches and in the certain prosperity
of her people.
Egypt, the mother of arts and sciences, was
also one of the first to cultivate commerce.
By means of the Nile, the Mediterranean, and
the Arabian gulf she went forth to surround-
ing nations and gathered to herself the bless-
ings and riches of their lands. Civilization
and prosperity smiled upon her borders, and
she was the admiration and envy of the world.
Butsoon araceof wise men, "protectionists,"
the prototypes of certain statesmen now in the
Halls of Congress, sprung up and taught her
that she was blessed by nature with boundless
resources ; that she ought to be independent,
and make for herself whatever she desired to
use, and that it was folly and ruinous to pur-
chase productions made by the labor of the
savage nations around her. These counsels, as
history informs us, prevailed. Her ports were
closed; sea-faring men were held in detest-
ation ; and fortifying her harbors, she denied
strangers admittance into them. This was a
most thorough system of protection to home
industry from the competition of the stranger.
It would have been satisfactory, I imagine, even
to the distinguished protectionist from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley.] What was the result?
From the hour that this policy was inaugurated
decay and ruin marked this great nation for
their prey. Her ambition and her energies
were palsied ; desolation sat down in her pal-
aces, and in a few generations the descend-
ants of the builders of the pyramids became
a by-word and a reproach throughout theearth
for ignorance and barbarism. ThePhenicians
of Tyre and Sidon wooed successfully the
neglected goddess, and wealth and prosperity
were the fruits of her smiles. The Jews,
under their great kings, David and Solomon ;
Carthage, Athens, Constantinople, Venice, Ge-
noa, Pisa, Portugal, the Netherlands, and
others, are examples of States and people who
have prospered by commerce and gone into
decay by its neglect. To be called the mistress
of the seas is a title of which any nation may
well be proud; and Great Britain wears this
crown which would now be our own but for
suicidal legislation that for folly has no parallel
m the history of any nation.
But it was the discovery of the wonderful
properties ofthe magnet and consequent inven-
tion of the mariner's compass; the invention
of the steam-engine, and its application to loco-
motion ; the building of railroads, steamships,
and steamboats, and the invention of the mag-
netic telegraph, that have done more than all
things else for the removal of obstructions and
facilitating commerce. In our own country
it is estimated that we have expended a sum
of money equal to,our present national debt
in the construction of railroads alone. We
have bridged great rivers, tunneled mountains,
crossed morasses, and spanned deserts. We
have improved harbors, erected light-houses,
and built ships; and have done all this to
remove obstructions and facilitate commerce.
This has been in accordance with the universal
sense, the common sentiment of mankind, that
the cheapening of freights and the removal of
obstructions to the free interchange of com-
modities is a good thing for the people, and
confers blessings upon our race.
But in this the protectionists tell us, if not
in direct words at least by their theories, that
the world has been all this time acting under
the influence of a delusion; this immense
expenditure of efforts for the removal of obsta-
cles has been in the wrong direction. And
they ask us to unite with them in erecting
artificial obstructions to counteract the evils
brought upon man by the diabolical invention
of the mariner's compass, the steam-engine,
the railroad, and the telegraph. Their panacea
they call a tariff, backed by custom-houses and
revenue-cutters. To make this palatable they
have sugar-coateditwith the euphemism, "pro-
tection to home industry."
a tariff is an obstruction to commerce.
A tariff is an obstruction, an obstacle in the
way ofa free and cheap interchange of commod-
ities of precisely the same character that an
intervening mountain, a swamp, or a danger-
ous sea would be. That is, it makes the ex-
change more difficult and more costly. When
you levy a duty of $9 a ton upon pig iron you
produce precisely the same effect upon the
protected class and upon the consumer as if
you were to increase the cost of freights $9 per
ton above the present rates. The " protec-
tion" in the latter case would beprecisely the
same. And yet there are men in this latter
half of the nineteenth century who tell us that
