1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1249
Sexton, Marion. Smythe county, Virginia ; of
Tames G. Martin, Norfolk, Virginia ; of James
V) Johnston, Giles county. Virginia; and of
citizens of Lynchburg. Virginia, in behalf
of llobert J. Dhyis, ot that place, praying for
the removal of political disabilities ; which
vrere referred to the select Committee ou the ;
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. W1LLEY presented the petition of Jo-
aquinna Sierra, of Pensacola, Florida, execu-
tes of Joseph Sierra, deceased, praying the
enpctment of a law by which she may be en-
abled to possess the sum of $4,000 found due
her husband for services rendered to the United
States while collector of customs of the city
of Pensacola at the breaking oat of the rebel-
lion; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented the joint resolution ot the
Legislature of West Virginia, requesting Con-
gress to amend section nine of the pension law,
approved July 4,1864, so as to include certain
persons named in the joint resolution; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a petition of citi-
zens of Missouri, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented eight petitions of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the resolutions
of the Union League Club of New York, ask-
ing the abolition of the practice of franking,
and other petitions from different parts of the
State of New York relating to the same mat-
ter. 1 move that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Benjamin Page, of Illinois, praying Congress
to take steps to pay American citizens who
are suffering from French spoliations during
the last century. That subject is now before
the Senate on a bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and 1 move that
the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented four petitions of
citizens of Connecticut and New York, pray-
ing for an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States securing the right of suffrage
to women ; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THAYER presented the petition of
citizens of Nebraska, praying for a mail route
from Blain via Norway, Elder Grove, and
Moro Dodge, to West Point, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table :
By the VICE PRESIDENT: Thirteen peti-
tions from citizens of various States.
By Mr. CONKLING: Four petitions from
citizens of New York.
By Mr. GILBERT: Six petitions from citi-
zens of Georgia, and a petition from citizens
of Florida.
By Mr. MORRILL, of Maine: A petition
from citizens of Maine.
By Mr. TRUMBULL: Two petitions from
citizens of Illinois.
By Mr. HARLAN: Two petitions from
citizens of Iowa.
By Mr. CRAGIN: Two petitions from citi-
zens of New Hampshire.
By Mr. DAVIS: A petition from citizens of
Kentucky.
By Mr. McDONALD: A petition from citi-
zens of Alabama.
By Mr. BAYARD : A petition from citizens
of Delaware.
By Mr. WILLEY: A petition from citizens
of West Virginia.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 19.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BOREMAN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims bo dis-
charged from thefurtherconsideration of the papers
in the case of the trustees of the German Evangelical
church in Jlartinsburg, West Virginia, aud that the
said trustees have leave to withdraw the same.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was j
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Benjamin ■
Cooley and James W. Boswcll be withdrawn 1'vom
the files of the Senate and referred to the Committee j
on Claims. ;
government printing office. j
Mr. MORTON. I desire to present a paper
to be referred as a memorial to the Printing
Committee, and to make a statement in con-
nection with it. I have received a printed paper
signed by some four persons whom I do not
know, containing divers statements against the
Superintendent of Public Printing, or Con-
gressional Printer, and also several statements
about myself and the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Fi:xton,] in connection with the manage-
ment of the printing bureau. The paper is too
long to have it read, but it states in substance
that the Senator from New York and myself
are managing the printing bureau, and that it
is run by our favorites. I suppose the purpose
of the communication is to create a prejudice
in the minds of Senators by making an impres-
. sion that the Senator from New York and my self
have filled that bureau with our favorites, and
are in fact managing it. So far as I am con-
cerned, I care nothing about these statements,
but I do not wish the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printiug to be prejudiced on my account.
How far I am "managing" that bureau will
appear from the statement I shall now make.
: I believe there are some three hundred—per-
haps three hundred and twenty-five—employes
in that bureau. Of that number I am told there
are some eight or nine from my State; but of
those eight or nine only three, I believe, have
been appointed on my recommendation or at
: my instance. Two of them occupy very humble
: and subordinate positions. Another, who is a
practical printer and a gentleman of high char-
acter, from my State, received an appointment
: and was afterward promoted to a foremanship,
but promoted without my knowledge and with-
Ij out my recommendation, and entirely, as I un-
i i derstand, on his own superior merits.
;! There is another citizen of Indiana who was
I there before Mr. Clapp vrent in; I do not
know how long he has been there ; but he is a
I man of excellent character and is said to be
; I an excellent mechanic. I happen to know his
ji military history, that he was also an excellent
il soldier. I recommended his promotion, and I
j! understand that he was promoted, and that he
II is one of the best officers in the bureau.
!j This constitutes the extent of the patronage
i i which I have exercised or attempted to exer-
i; cise in that bureau. I never was in it but
once, and take as little personal interest in it
as any member of the Senate ,- but I have
signed numerous papers for persons who are
out of employment, asking for employment;
but whether any of them have ever been hon-
ored by Mr. Clapp I do not know ; and I pre-
sume every member of the Senate has done
the same thing.
I will ask to have this paper referred to the
Committee on Printing. If there is anything
in these charges let these persons appear before
that committee and they will be heard. We
have an able and vigilant committee who will
be glad to investigate any charges. It is better
for these parties to lay their charges before tho
committee than it is to send around printed
circulars.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the motion to refer I
wish to move an addition, that the committee
be directed to investigate and report upon the
subject embraced in that paper, so that every-
body may know whether papers of this kind,
if they are not true, are to be used to excite
prejudice against the Congressional Printer in
his department; and if they are true everybody
ought to know that.
Mr. MORTON. I accept the modification.
Mr. FENTON. Before the matter takes
that direction I desire to say simply that I
know nothing of this paper that the honorable
Senator from Indiana refers to until I came
to the Chamber this morning ; and I will only
say respecting it that no person lias been ap-
pointed to any principal position in the print-
ing department at my instance or request; nor
am I personally acquainted with any person
connected with the department in any of its
principal and leading positions, except the
superintendent, Mr. Clapp. Not more than
two or three persons in the entire department
have ever been appointed on my recommenda-
tion or at my request. So far as the person-
nel of the department is concerned I have
been entirely free from paying any attention
to it.
The motion to refer with instructions was
agreed to.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
147) granting a pension to William B. Looney,
of Alabama, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 176) granting a
: pension to Anne E. Frei, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
! was referred a bill (S. No. 161) granting a pen-
: sion to Paulina Jones, of Greene county, Ten-
nessee, reported it with an amendment,
i He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Rachel H. Milli-
ken, praying for a pension, reported a bill (S.
No. 534) granting a pension to Rachel H. Mil-
' liken ; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petitions of the following
j! persons, praying to be allowed pensions, re-
! ported adversely thereou, and asked to be
| discharged from their further consideration ;
I which was agreed to : Henry Fisher, Polly P.
I Rogers, Abram D. L. Payne, James B. Royce,
1 Annie E. Dixon, and Samuel Peirce.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of^Michi-
! gan, praying for an increase of pension for
John Rouse, and the petition ot James O.
Ladd, praying an increase of pension, reported
i adversely thereon, and asked to be discharged
| from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John T. Hildreth,
praying to be allowed a pension, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw his
petition ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 175) for the relief
of Elizabeth Mathys, and the bill (S. No. 180)
for the relief of Johanna Carroll, reported
adversely thereon, and moved their indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom were referred
many petitions of soldiers of the war of 1812,
praying that pensions be granted to the sur-
viving soldiers of the war of 1812, and to the
widows of such as are deceased, to report
adversely thereon, and of course upon the
same ground I mentioned when I reported on
similar petitions the other day.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the
honorable chairman if among those reports is
one upon the bill introduced the first day ot
the present Congress, to give a pension to Mrs.
^Mr^EDMUNDS. No, Mr. President, there
is not.
