236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
Ho. o® Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Marshall.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
independent of all questions of revenue a tariff,
this miserable obstruction, is, per se, a good
thing: Good for what ? Why it would '' pro-
tect" bome industry. That is, it will protect
the manufacturers of salt, iron, and cotton and
woolen goods from the competition of men
who would come across the seas and sell these
things to us cheaper than they are willing to
sell them, or it will "protect" them from let-
ting us go to other lands and procuring these
things for ourselves. In other words, it will
produce precisely the same result, as far as
protection of home production from foreign
competition is concerned, as would be effected
by turning loose upon the ocean a hundred
piratical Alabamas, or the sudden springing up
throughout the Atlantic of a thousand hidden
rocky islands, threatening the destruction of
the commerce of the seas. And this our pro-
tectionist friends, if they are consistent and
are conscious of the logic of their own teach-
ings, would regard as a most happy consum-
mation.
But, gentlemen, there is a much more effect-
ual way than by legislation to accomplish the
desired end, and I shall expect a vote of
thanks from the whole protected fraternity for
promulgating the discovery. It will obviate a
world of vexation and trouble, and all the ex-
pense of keeping up the large delegations that
crowd the corridors of the Capitol, block the
portals to these Halls, and so greatly disturb
the dreams of my good-natured colleagues of
the Ways and Means Committee. Legislation
is uncertain and fluctuating. The advantage
which you have obtained to-day may be lost
to-morrow. Take safer and higher ground.
All the efforts of mankind for the removal of
obstructions have been in the wrong direction.
The free and cheap interchange of commodi-
ties is all wrong and must be prevented by
adequate means, not subject to the whims and
caprices of legislation. Increase the dangers
and difficulties of navigation, quadruple the cost
of freights, block up your harbors, tear down
your light-houses, destroy the mariner's com-
pass, and blot out from the memory of man the
wonderful properties of the magnet. Go back
to the days before Watt and Fulton, and let
the steamship and locomotive and telegraph
be heard of no more among men, and you will
have "protection" to home industry more
effectual than any that Congress can give you.
Tear up the railroads in our land, and return
to the cart, the pack-mule, theyawl, and theflat
boat. Then Illinois will be '' protected'' from
Massachusetts; the iron-maker of Missouri
will be "protected" from Pennsylvania; Penn-
sylvania will be " protected " from Great Brit-
ain ; everybody will be protected from every-
body else, and we will have a universal reign
of prosperity and happiness.
If protection is right, this is right. If this
is not right, protection is a delusion and a
humbug. It is worse. It is a robbery and a
crime. Begotten of cunning and avarice, it
is nourished by ignorance and credulity. It is
the enemy of civilization and progress, the
heartless plunderer of unsuspecting, toilingmil-
lions, and should no longer receive quarter or
countenance in the halls of legislation.
If protection is right, if free barter and ex-
change are wroug and injurious, why not fol-
low the principle to its logical results ? Why not
"protect" every man from his neighbor and
require every citizen to use that only which he
produces with his own hands ? The Chinese
and Japanese have reaped scarcely half the
benefits of this glorious principle. The Win-
nipeggers on our north and the residents of
Arizona are pretty well protected from com-
petition, it is true, but the only thoroughly
protected man of whom we have any record
was Robinson Crusoe, on his lonely island.
He was not subjected to any of the inconven-
iences or privations which the machinations
of the free-traders have inflicted upon the race,
and the philosophers of the protection school
with their followers should by all means erect
a monument to the memory of poor Robinson
Crusoe, the man who for twenty years put to a
practical test the much-lauded principles of
protection and prohibition.
AN IMPOKT DUTY IS A TAX-
An import duty is a tax, and as a general
rule increases the cost of the article to the con-
sumer to the extent of the tax. This is now
understood everywhere, and is denied by none
except the most ignorant or the most disingen-
uous. True, there may be circumstances that
will modify the operation of this rule. But it
is the rule nevertheless and must be taken into
the account in all our calculations upon this
subject. We levy a duty for instance of fl cents
per pound upon coffee ; the importer must pay
that before he can put it into market in this
country. That is of course a part of its cost to
him, and it enters into the market price and is
atlastpaidbythe consumer. This must never
be lost sight of. A duty is a tax, a tax which
must be paid by the consumer, and which he
cannot escape. But it may be one of two
kinds or characters, revenue or protective, or
it may partake of the character of each.
REVENUE AND PBOTECTIVE DUTIES—THE DISTINCTION.
A distinguished Senator is reported to have
said from the stump, during the last political
canvass in Ohio, that he did notknowthe dif-
ference between a revenue and a protective
tariff. This, if a candid statement of a fact,
was a most humiliating confession coming from
a gentleman occupying his commanding official
position. That the two ideas have often been
intermingled in theory and in practice, to the
great confusion of the public, is undeniable.
That they are entirely separate and distinct,
and indeed in one respect antagonistic, is
equally unquestionable. A duty or tariff for
revenue is an import tax laid to raise money
for the Government, and, in its simplest and
purest form, it is so laid that every dollar paid
goes into the public treasury. A duty or tariff
for protection is an import tax laid wholly or
in part for the purpose of protecting certain
persons, classes, or interests from foreign com-
petition ; in other words, to enable them to sell
their productions to other citizens of this coun-
try for more money, that is, at a higher price
than they could if free competition were permit-
ted. In this latter case the sum paid by the
consumers goes not into the public treasury, but
wholly or in part from the pockets of the con-
sumers directly into the pockets of the favored
or protected classes or interests. That a
particular tax may operate as a revenue and
protective duty at the same time does not alter
the fact or disprove the position that the two
are entirely distinct and easily distinguishable
in principle and object and in their effect upon
the public prosperity.
A REVENUE DUTY.
To illustrate: we levy a duty of 5 cents per
pound on the importation of coffee, and 25
cents per pound upon tea. Of the first we im-
port (to state it in round numbers) 230,000,000
pounds per annum, and derive a revenue there-
from of over $11,500,000. Of tea we import
40,000,000 pounds, and derive a revenue there-
from of nearly $10,000,000. Undoubtedly it
would be a good thing if we could receive coffee
and tea without this tax, as it would be desir-
able to be exempt from taxation of every
character. But we must have revenue, and to
get revenue for the purposes of Government
there must be taxation somewhere; and the
true inquiry of the statesman is to ascertain
how and from what source the necessary reve-
nues can be raised with the least burden and
annoyance to the people and the least inter-
ference with their productive energies.
There are over $21,000,000 derived from
these two articles, and if the tax is removed
therefrom this sum must be raised by taxation
elsewhere. The sum paid on eaoh amounts to
about 25 cents per capita per annum for the
entire population of the United States. These
articles are of almost universal consumption,
but they are not absolute necessaries in the
sense in which bread and salt and shoes and
clothing are necessaries, and the tax is pretty
equally distributed in proportion to the means
and style of living of the consumers. Starting
out in my investigations with a different im-
pression, I have, after mature consideration,
come to the conclusion that this sum cannot
be so easily raised from any other source, or in
any manner where it will be more equitably
distributed or the burden less felt by the people.
I do not mean by this that the tax on these
articles should not be reduced. Itis myopinion
that a cheapening of these articles will very
largely increase the consumption ; and this may
be done by a reduction of the tax within rea-
sonable limits without a reduction of the rev-
enue. This was the experience of Great Brit-
ain, as I shall show hereafter, and I do not
doubt that the result would be the same here.
But these articles cannot now be safely aban-
doned as a source of revenue. The duty is a tax
and a burden most unquestionably, as is every
duty, and to be gotten rid of at the earliest practi-
cable moment. But it has this advantage over
the great majority of taxes imposed by our
tariff': it is not laid for the benefit of any spe-
cial or favored class ; it is purely and exclu-
sively a revenue tax; it enhances the price of
110 other commodity; it does not cripple navi-
gation, commerce, or agriculture, as does the
tariff on iron and steel; it does not weaken
the productive energies of our country; and,
above all, every dollar of the tax that the people
pay thereon goes into the public Treasury.
A PBOTECTIVE DUTY.
On the other hand, there is a class of duties
imposed on articles of consumption that are
imported from foreign countries, and which
are also produced in our own. Such are salt,
cotton and woolen goods, iron and its manu-
factures, and the like. On these the tax may
be so imposed that importation will continue.
The effect of this will be, as every one will
readily comprehend, to increase to the con-
sumers to the extent of the tax, the cost of the
article whether of foreign or home production.
To illustrate: if the Government lays a duty
of 20 cents on every yard of flannel imported
the importer must pay this before he can bring
it into the country. This is, of course, an in-
tegral part of the cost of the flannel to him,
and he adds it to the price of the article. The
price is that much higher in the market and
it must bo paid eventually by the consumer.
But the effect is also to enhance the price of
the same article of domestic production to the
same extent. The importer pays the tax, the
domestic manufacturer does not. The domes-
tie manufacturer is therefore benefited, that is
protected, to the extent of 20 cents per yard
on every yard of flannel he may produce. The
consumers are compelled to pay the enhanced
price on all, both the imported and the domes-
tic article. If there are nine yards of domes-
tic flannel for every one yard of the imported
consumed in this country the plain and palpa-
ble result is, that of every $10 paid by the con-
sumers by reason of this tax the Government
gets $1 and the protected class gets $9. It is
estimated by a well-informed writer on these
subjects that under the operation of the tariff
on woolen goods the cost of these goods has
been enhanced to the consumers in this coun-
try $112,000,000per annum, (some estimate it
$20,000,000 more.) In other words, the con-
sumers pay a tax on these goods amounting to
$112,000,000 per annum. Of this the Gov-
ernment gets about $20,000,000. Thus, under
the protection system, to collect a revenue of
$20,000,000 the Government levies a tax on
woolen goods of $112,000,000; $90,000,000 of
which are levied for the benefit of the pro-
tected classes.
