4082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
to me to have been very unjustifiable. I will
not go into any lengthy statement to show its
injustice. Recently, however, the Government
has attempted to adopt what is called a new
policy, a policy which has been sustained by
the appointment of men connected with the
Society of Friends as Indian agents.
Now, it is claimed that under this superin-
tendence the Indians have not been benefited ;
have not been elevated more than under the
former policy. It appears to me that we have
not had time to see any great good resulting
from the effort which we have already made:
and to abandon the policy now would be as
foolish as it would have been to abandon the
construction of the Pacific railroad when the
company had only laid the first one or two
hundred miles. It was then an expenditure
of mone^which had not accomplished the re-
sults which we were aiming at; and not having
accomplished them within a short lime, the
argument might have been made that the work
should be abandoned. The same argument is
applied to this policy. But, sir, this is a work
infinitely greater than the building of any rail-
road. It relates to the elevation of a people,
taking them from the lowest state of degrada-
tion and lifting them up, enlightening their
ignorance, changing their habits—habits that
lead them to cruelty, if you please—and show-
ing them reasons why they should cease their
cruelty, abandon their previous course of life,
and adopt the habits of civilization.
You cannot expect to train these people in
a moment; nor can you expect that as soon
as an agent or a few agents of a particular
organization go among them and present cer-
tain plans the Indians will at once embrace
them. This work takes time ; and while they
are pursuing this course it is essential, as it
seems to me, for this Government to aid them
by making such appropriations as will enable
them to understand the arts of civilization. I
hope this appropriation will be made.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope so too. Let us
vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask one ques-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. All the appropriations due these
several tribes of Indians under treaty stipula-
tions are appropriated in the bill, are they not?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly; as I under-
stand.
Mr. THAYER. That is all provided for
previously, and this is a gratuity?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly ; I so stated be-
fore. It is a gratuity in response to a request
made by these members of the Society of
Friends, and indorsed by the Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, the poor
men of this nation who go out upon the borders
to build up States live in worse houses than
many of these Indians occupy to day. They
live, in common parlance, 011 the prairie?, in
dug-outs, excavations made in the ground, rails
thrown upon a ridge-pole, prairie hay on that,
and sod on the top; and you ask them out of
their taxes to help build houses for these peo-
ple who have run your plows, if they have run
any, and have been supported by you in their
own viciniiy and their own neighborhoods.
I wished an opportunity of saying one word,
and I have got that opportunity, in reply to
the chairman of the Committee 011 Appropri-
ations. I wish him to understand that what-
ever there is of intelligence in any of these
tribes we are as well satisfied with it as he is.
I wish him to understand that when we oppose
this gift, this gratuity, we are not, as might be
inferred from his argument, attacking a policy
that has educated these people up to the pres-
ent time to the standard at which they have
arrived. We are not, asking to take from them
the miller, the farmer, the blacksmith, and the
engineer who aie there to-day. Much of the Sen-
ator's speech seemed to be predicated upon the
idea that there was a positive necessity for this
gratuity in order that the schoolmaster might
be there, the farmer might be there with his
instruction, the blacksmith, the carpenter, and
the engineer. That is not so. They are there
now by virtue of your fulfilling your treaty
stipulations with those Indians; and I claim
that all they have among them, and have had
heretofore, was by virtue of your treaty stipula-
tions. I say, honestly keep your treaties with
them ; but when the time comes to lavish and
give away the funds of this nation, give them
away to stay the tide of blood 011 our frontier
from other savages than these, and let the peo-
ple of the country have some voice in these
appropriations.
We of tlie far West profess to understand
this (juestion, to have as much humanity, and
as fair a sprinkling of intelligence and educa-
tion also, as other men in this country, on this
floor, and throughout this Union. Our con-
stituency are your brethren from your States;
the most intelligent of them, the most enter-
prising, the most daring, risking most for em-
pire to-day; and they are not asking you for
these gratuities to be taken out of their taxes
over and above fulfilling your treaty stipula-
tions. Sir, I say here—and I am responsible—
it was an invidious distinction between the
religions denominations of this country, when
one single denomination was pointed out as par
excellence being so high in Christian civiliza-
tion, humanity, and racrey as that their shel-
tering arms only could protect the wards of this
nation. Sir, 1 repeat, it was an invidious dis-
tinction, and the people of the country under-
stand it.
Mr. SCOTT. There is another distinction
touching the denomination of Christians of
whom the Senator from Nebraska has just
spoken, to which I wish very briefly to call
attention. I read a very brief extract from a
biography of William Penn, by Hep worth
Dix'm:
"Perm, strong in his beliof in human goodne?s,
would uot arm his followers even tor their own de-
fence, In his province he had resolved th.it the
swoid should ce;i-.e to be t.he symbol of authority;
neither soldier nor implement of war should bo ever
seen; lie would rely entirely on justice and courtesy
t,o win the oontidonce of thoso whom it had hitherto
been the vico of his countrymen to treat only as en-
emies. The world laushed at an enthusiast who
oou.d think of placing his head under the sealping-
kmves of tlie Letsni Lenape; but bis stem lieuten-
ant, who had known something of the horrors of our
civil war, did not despair of success. An eternal wit-
ness of Perm's sagacity is the fact that not one drop
of Quaker blood was ever shod by an Indian !"
An invidious distinction make by the Pres-
ident in selecting this body of Friends for the
purpose of taking charge of these sons of the
forest 1 Where, I ask you, sir, in the history
of this nation, is the other denomination which
can point to such a distinction as that—that
not one drop of their blood was ever shed by
an Indian ? Thirty thousand dollars are pro-
posed to be placed in the hands of these apos-
tles of peace for the purpose of taking care of
these Indians who have been slaughtering white
men and white women over the plains, and we
talk of that as a consideration to weigh it down
upon an appropriation bill, in contrast with
the effect which has been produced by the pol-
icy of that denomination which the President
has selected to take charge of these wards of
the nation. I need not aigue their history. I
need not argue the effect, of their policy upon
the Indians. I need not call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that there has not yet
been time for that policy to develop its full
fruits with regard to the Indians placed in
their charge.
Mr. President, I cannot refrain from narrat-
ing here a very significant incident to me,
occurring last summer when I had the good
fortune, upon the invitation of the Governor
of one of the western 1 erritories, to be present
at a very brief Indian council. They had busi-
ness with the Governor—I refer to the Gov-
ernor of Colorado—and after that was trans-
acted he stated to the Indians that there were
five or six members of Congress present, and
if they had anything to say to us it might per-
haps have some influence upon our action in
legislating for them,'and they had the oppor-
tunity of saying whatever they had to say to
us. They held quite an animated conference
among themselves, lasting probably half an
hour. One of their chiefs, I remember, made
quite an animated speech to his fellows during
that half hour. Sir, what was the result of
their deliberation, to be communicated to the
few members of Congress who were there?
Through their interpreter, as the result of their
half hour's conference, they said to us, " We
have a very good treaty, and we hope the Uni-
ted States will keep it; that is all we want."
Sir, the result of keeping the treaty made
under the elm tree on the banks of the Dela-
ware is given to you in that statement which
I have read, that not one drop of Quaker blood
was ever shed by an Indian. If that policy
had been pursued millions that have been
appropriated in this Chamber would have been
saved. I do not say this by way of reflection
upon others; but 1 say it by way of commend-
ation of the ^experiment which the President
has inaugurated, and which I trust Congress
will sustain him in inaugurating, in endeavor-
ing to preserve peace with the remnants of the
red men who are left among us.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to askthe Senator
a question before he takes his seat. I ask him
if the Indians did not disappear about as rap-
idly before William Penn, in Pennsylvania, as
they did before Miles Standish, in Massachu-
setts ?
Mr. SCOTT. I am not able to answer the
Senator's question as to whether they dis-
appeared as rapidly before William Penn as
they did before Miles Standish; but I will say
that Pennsylvania was not settled entirely
by Quakers, and that the historical fact still
remains that whatever others may have done
toward the Indians, and whatever that con-
duct may have excited in the Indians, the
conduct of the Indians toward those men who
did observe faith with them was as is stated in
the history from which I have read.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I feel very
friendly toward any proposition for the educa-
tion of the Indians; but I have not yet been
persuaded thai this proposition to appropriate
directly $30,000 to this purpose is necessary
in this case. All of the Indians who are to be
benefited by this appropriation have fine reser-
vations in one of the most fertile and valuable
States in this Union. They have every oppor-
tunity for making a living, for improvement in
agriculture, in the education of their children,
that wc have in the older States ; and certainly
a Cir better opportunity than the colored peo-
ple have in the southern States. Besides that,
they have large amounts of annuities paid to
them, which they can devote to that particular
purpose.
If, sir, it be true, as admitted, that these
Indians have ample reservations in the young
and growing State of Nebraska, in her most
fertile portions, that they are somewhat ad-
vanced in civilization, it only remains for them
to go to work and they can readily raise enough
to support them independent of their annuities.
The annuities will educate them and provide
all the necessary agricultural implements and
stock required.
These are but the mere remnants of once
powerful tribes, and all have large sums an-
nually paid them by the Government. They
are individually far richer in capital than any
other portion of our population. They must
learn to use it. The Government cannot plow
and harvest, grind and eat the food for them.
Some etfoi't 011 their part is demanded, and it
must be given. I am for defendingthem against
all invasions of their homes by white men, and
would protect them aud their children's chil-
dren forever if they desire to remain there.
They are not there as idlers ou the bounty of
