5026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
the Secretary of the Treasury a certain amount
of discretion with reference to the disposition
of these bonds or such amount of them as may
be sold within a year from this time. I have
no apprehension of any great amount of money
being taken out of the Treasury in exchanging'
a six per cent, bond for a bond only bearing
four per cent, interest. Therefore I trust the
gentleman from New York will modify his
amendment or for the present withdraw it,,
until we have proceeded further with the bill;
because before we finish it it may be found
necessary to give the Secretary of the Treasury
some discretion if we propose to negotiate a
bond bearing four per cent, interest, while our
debt now bears six per cent interest.
Thequestion recurred on Mr. Woou'samcnd-
roent.
The House divided: and there were—ayes
39, noes 81.
Mr. INGERSOLL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 102, not voting
70; as follows:
Y13AS— Messrs. Ambler, Barnum, Beck, Biggs,
Bird. James Brooks, Burehard, Calkin, Cleveland,
Amasa Cobb, Cox, Crobs, Degenor, Kldridgo,
Farnswortb, Ferriss, Golz, Urisnold, llamill, Haw-
kins, Hay, Holman, lngersoll, Thomas L. Jones,
Kelley, Kerr. Knott, Lewis, Logan, Mayluun,
MuCoriniek, McGrew, Niblaek, I'acker, ltnndall,
Iteeves, ltice, Boseis, Shrinks Sherrod, Shober,
V . .
and "Woodward—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Amos, Armstrong, Arnell,
Asper, Atwood, Ayer, i!JiIey, Banks Beatiy, Ben-
Olinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Covode, Cuilom,
D;ivis, D.iwes, Doekcry, Oonloy, Ela, Finkelnbnrg,
Fisher, Fitoh, Hale, Hill, Iloar, Hooper, Jenekes,
JuiW, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kotcham, Kn.ipp,
Laihn, Lash, Lawrenee,Loughridge, Marshall, Me-
Caiiliy.MeKen'/.io, Moron r. Uliakim II. Moore, Jesse
H. Moore.William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,
fieglev, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peek, Peters, Plielpa,
Poland, Pol tor, Prosscr, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer,
Pehenclf, Seofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A.
Smith, Worth ington C.Smith, William Kmyth, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland,
Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twi-
c'aell, Tynor, Upson, Van Horn, Wallace, Walker,
Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard, and John
T. Wils-un—'1(K.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell,
Barry, Beaman, Bennetf, Bowen, Ceorgo M.Brooks,
jsuril'itt, Burr, Cake.WiUiiim X. Olaik, Cook. Con-
ner, Cowles, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Dox, Duval,
Dyer. Perry, }''ox,Uan'icld, Ghbson, Gillillan, Haiglit,
Italdeiaan, Hauibleton, Hamilton, Harris, ltawley,
lla,vs, Hedin.Uoge, Hotchkiss. Johnson, Alexander
11. Joneo, Lynch, Muynard. McCrary, MeKee, ilc-
Ncely,Mi!ue«. Morgan, Morplns, Samuel P. Morrill,
Morrissev, Mungon, Newsham, Paekoid, Palmer,
Perte, Piatt, Pomeioy, Potter, Kidgway, Sanlord,
Sehiunaker. Porter Sheldon. Stevenson, Stone,
Strader, Svvaun, Van Auken, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winans, and Witcher—-70.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. AXTELL stated that he was paired
with his colleague, Mr. Johnson, who would
vote against the bill and for the amendment,
while he would vote for the bill and against
the amendment.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. SCIIENClv. I move that all further
debate on the pending section be closed in leu
minutes.
Mr. STILES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
unrolled bills and joint resolution.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and a joint reso-
lution of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 82) to prevent the extermin-
at;on of fur-bearing animals in Alaska;
An act (S. No. 83-1) to create a port of
delivery at Vallejo, California; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 103) for the
relief of certain officers of the Navy.
sua islands, south CAROLINA.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, from the
select Committee on Reconstruction, submitted
a report on the bill (H. R. No. 2289) to pro-
vide for the sale of certain lots and lands of
the sea islands of Beaufort county, South Caro-
lina, and for other purposes ; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
leavl! of absence.
Mr. STRADER, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for nine days.
Mr. WILKINSON, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of absence until Wednesday
next.
Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of absence for five days on
account of sickness.
Mr. DUVAL, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for five days on
account of sickness in his family.
Mr. MILNES, by unanimous conscnt, was
granted leave of absence for five days on
account of sickness in his family.
'vvitiidua'wal of papers.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House papers in the following-named cases;
and the same were referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions:
A bill (II. R. No. 1185) granting back pen-
sion to Lucelta C. Clements;
A bill (II. R. No. 715) for the payment of a
pension to Delight Draper ;
A bill (II. R. No. 741) granting a pension to
Mrs. Elizabeth York ;
A bill (II. R. No. 374) for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Harrison ; and
The petitions of William Knight, Mrs. Kit-
sey Williams, Nancy Parkhurst, Elizabeth
Copeland, Elizabeth Gate, James Crugom, Ann
Milne, F. N. Bogen, Bernard Carter, Mrs.
Letta Bagley, Fariny Grimes, Mrs. Helena E.
Smith, Julia A. Hubbard, Austin 0. Gaslull,
David Lewis, Mary Lee, Mary A. Lovejoy,
Mary M. Nye, Hannah J. Kittredge, Anna
McKale, L. F. Sheff, Morris R. Hughes, Laura
Clark, Harriet Baglin, Richard Bird, Alzada
W. Saul, Simon Eichengrein. Valentine Sclieid-
ler, Jane Griffin, Caroline Terwilliger, Mrs.
Elizabeth Culbertson, Matilda J. Chase, Sarah
Barrett, Eliza Durgin, Anna D. Buzzell, Lydia
C. Avery, Sarah Sirow, Betsey Downing, E.
Hampseu, Emily A. Wilcox, Mrs. Caturuh
Spccr, Eliza Benjamin, John Clark, William
Silver, Ezra G. Fniley, C. M. Mears, Biddy N.
Smith, Eliza Bragdon, Mary R. Loring, Co-
milea Brooks, Henry Stock, Samuel Richards
Lucy M. Putnam, Fidilia S. Freeman, W. J.
Blood, Andrew Terliune, Caroline A. Trofferd,
Mary J. Griffin, John T. Harrison, John P.
Lake, Henry B. Miller, Eliza Plaistead, Mary
Tobine, Oilman Fellows, Catharine J. Solo-
mon, Samuel E. Gordon, Esther O. Roberts,
Harry Greenwood, Mrs. Fear Welsher, Anna
B. Bailey, Mary M. Yingling, Jane Shinefield,
Joseph Wilson, Sarah .1. Winfield, Elizabeth
Conant, Elizabeth Gardner, Catharine M. Dan-
iels, Elizabeth Meyer, Hannah C. Hubbard,
James Rowe, Robert Scott, Olive S. Snow,
Lucy Wrisley, Nancy C. Mailette, Noah II.
Ilutton, Welles Floyd, Sarah M. Roberts,
Edward Hayes, Andrew J. Rhoads, Isaac B.
Raber, Keziah Arnold, Mary Parker, Samuel
Birdsall, jr., Eliza C. Hammond, JohnKupler,
J. P. Craig, Sarah Ashby, Howard Deacon,
Barbara Wilt, David Woodson, LucretiaGregg,
Charles W. Jordan, Thomas P. Orwin, Sarah
Bdgcombe, Eliza B. Hunt, Jane E. Eslcs, John
Shay, Minerva B. Thornhill, Russell Smith,
Cynthia McCoy, Mary Randolph, Mrs. Anna
McLance, Fielding Whearton, William A. Tay-
lor, Josiah S. Clark, Elizabeth Brewer, Peter
F. Haston, Elizabeth Parkhurst, Homer Craft,
Asa Hart, Permeneas H. Ragsdale, Willis
Floyd, John Cornwell, John Hamilton, Dru-
silla Williams, Mrs. C. Lanber, Captain Nor-
man Comstock, James Dailey, Mrs. Cara M.
Edmison.
The question was then taken on the motion
to adjourn ; and upon a division, there were—
ayes 64, noes 70.
Mr. GRiSWOLD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr, Griswold
and Mr. Peters were appointed.
The Hause again divided; and the tellers
reported*-ayes 65, noes 59.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and forty-five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Alexander Thomson, late consul at Maran-
ham, Brazil, praying for allowance of interest
paid by said Thomson upon United States
drafts.
By Mr. DOX: The memorial of Thomas T.
Mitchell, praying indemnity for three hundred
and fifty bales of cotton taken from him by the
United States troops at Marion, Perry county,
Alabama.
By Mr. MILNES: The petition of William
Fahnestock, for pay for damages during the war.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A memorial of import-
ers and grocers, numerously signed, asking that
any change made in the duties on sugars,
molasses, coffee, or spices, may not take effect
until the 31st day of December, 1870.
By Mr. SCIIENCK: The petition of R. D.
Kirkpatrickand 15 others, of Rockland county,
Virginia, asking Congress to relieve them from
certain oppressive regulations affecting the pro-
cess of distillation by hand.
By Mr. STRICKLAND: The memorial of
Chancy Strickland, father of Chancy W. Stiick-
land, asking for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 30, 1870.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. 1).
The Secietary proceeded to road the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with this morning.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope not. I do not
think there is a quorum present.
Mr. WILSON. I wish the Senator from
California would withdraw that objection. It
is very important to get up a report of a con-
ference committee this morning.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator thinks
there is a quorum here, I have no objection.
Mr. WILSON. The provision goes into
effect, or ought to go into effect to-day, on ac-
count of it affecting the entire pay of the whole
Army. The existing law will reduce the pay
of every private soldier to-morrow from six-
teen dollars to eleven dollars a month. I have
waited and waited and given way to four or five
other bills, and I should like to get up this
report this morning.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the bill which the
Senator desires to call up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the confer-
ence report on ihe Army bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why does not the Senator
take that up in the regular order after the
morning hour, and not during the morning
hour, which is the only opportunity we have
to pass little bills?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects, and the Journal must be
read, unless by unanimous consent the reading
be dispensed with.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object now on the ground
that that conference report will require exam-
ination.
