1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3139
1 meet the approbation of the Senator from
JITheCVlCB*PRBSIDENT. If there be no i
objection the Senate will resume the consider- j
ation of the bill (S. No. 99) to pay loyal citi- j
zens in the States lately in rebellion for ser-
vices in taking the United States census of
1860, which was passed over informally, and ;
the Senator from South Carolina, offers an
amendment, which will be read. i
The Secretary. The amendment is to strike
out after the word "claimant," in the thir- |
teenth line, the words " who participated in the
/ i4te rebellion or gave to it aid or comfort," |
and to insert: i
Until he shall hare token and subscribed the fol low- j
ins oath: I, A B, do solemnly awoar (or affirm) that I !
have never voluntarily borno arms against the Uni -
ted States since I have been acitizen thereof; that I
bave voluntarily given no aid, countenance, coun-
sel or encouragoment to persons engaged is armed
hostility thereto; that I Uava neither sought nor
accepted, nor attempted to exercise, the functions
of any office whatever under any authority or pre-
tended authority in hostility to the United States:
that I have not yielded a voluntary support to any 1
pretended government, authority, power, or consti-
tution within the United States hostile or inimical i
thereto. And I do further swear (or affirm) that to
the best of my knowledge and ability I will support
and defend the Constitution of the United States i
against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I wilt
bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I
take this obligation freely, without any mental res-
ervation or purpose of evasion.
Mr. CONKLING. Who is to take that
Mr. SAWYER. The claimant under this
bill, before the claim is paid.
Mr. CONKLING. By the claimant shall
we understand the man who performed the j
service or some attorney who may represent
perhaps one hundred claims ? I suggest that
if the Senator wants to make this effective he
ought to provide that this oath shall be ta,ken
by the original claimant, by the person who
insists that he performed the service, and also
by the present owner of the claim, if it has
changed hands.
Mr. SAWYER, I ask the Senator from
New York if he intends to insist upon it that the
son of a claimant who may perhaps have suc-
ceeded to and inherited his right shall take the
oath that his father was loyal, or where the
father has died woald he cut off all right on
the part of the son ?
Mr. CONKLING-. I do not mean to say
that. I only mean to call attention to the fact
that the provision nowoffered, as I understand
it, would be so obviously the subject of evasion
that it would be hardly worth adopting; for all
any man need do is to make me or some-
body who could take the oath the claimant and
the whole thing is solved, albeit he was dis-
loyal from his head to his feet. If it is worth
while to do it at all I submit that it should be
so adjusted that the original party, if he claims,
should take this oath; and if he does not claim
some person who once represented or does
now represent the claim should take the oath.
Otherwise it need not be taken in a single
instance, unless the claimant so chooses, and
yet every claim be parsed.
Mr. WARNER. The provision suggested
7™ Senatorfrom New York would not meet
the difficulty, because it is always possible to
assign the claim to some one who was loyal,
bome loyal man might be found to whom the
claim could be assigned.
Mr. SAWYER. I beg the attention of the
senator from New York to the remark of the
•n^°r /roin Alabama, who suggests that it
W1" be always possible to assign a claim to
some one who was loyal and who could tak'e
c oath. I submit that while I have no objec-
lon to making the original claimant furnish
tn c' was a !°yal man, it does not seem
m? btting to make everybody who may de-
6 trom him a right to this compensation to
Prove the same thing.
Son*,' ^9^^LING. But, if the honorable
* a^0w me> I wisb to suggest, as the
from Alabama suggested, that every
claim may be put in the bands of a loyal claim-
ant, and then, under this provision, the loyal
claimant is to take the oath, and it would be
entirely impotent as a provision that the ori-
ginal claimant should do any such thing. Tj^at
is the point of my objection. Therefore, I
propose to the Senator' that if he means the
original claimant he should say "the person
alleged to have performed the service." If
he means the present claimant merely, any
assignee who may represent the claim, that,
as he puts it now, would really mean nobody
upon whom it would necessarily take any effect.
Mr. SAWYER. Suppose we insert the word
" original."
- Mr. CONKLING. Why not say "the per-
son alleged to have performed the service ?"
Mr. WARNER. I would suggest, to meet
the view of the Senator from New York and
also of the Senator from Massachusetts, that
the bill be so amended as to provide that pay-
ment should only be made upon proof of the
loyalty of the person who performed the service.
Mr. SAWYER. That is just what the bill
provided for before the amendment was offered.
Mr. WARNER. Without providing the
specific oath or method of proof, because that
could only be tairen by the claimant in case he
were living; and in the case of the death of
the person who performed the service there
must, of course, be some other methodof proof;
and I think that should be left to the account-
ing officers of the Treasury.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from South Carolina a question. Do
I understand that this bill applies to claims that
arose before the rebellion ? Do I understand
that the bill proposes to repudiate the debt of
the United States to those who cannot take
that oath ? 
Mr. SAWYER. Apparently.
Mr. STOCKTON. I object to it out of re-
spect to the honor of this- country. Are we
to take advantage of such a circumstance to
repudiate an honest debt?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not understand that
the bill repudiates the claim of anybody. It
simply indorses the claim of somebody.
Mr. STOCKTON. Cannot a loyal man go
and buy all of these claims at five per cent,
and get them paid in full under the bill?
Mr. SAWYER. Not under the bill as
originally drawn. The bill as originally drawn
has this proviso:
Provided, That no part of any such balance shall
be paid to or on account of any claimant who par-
ticipated in the late rebellion, or gave it aid or com-
fort.
That proviso seems to me yet, notwithstand-
ing the demand to have it amended in some
way, to completely fulfill the purpose of the
bill and the purpose designed to be sought by
the Senator from Massachusetts and the Sen-
ator from New York; because I hold that the
accounting officers would demand that there
should be proof, proper proof, convincing
proof of the loyalty of the original claimant
under the bill as it stood originally. I doubt
whether it can be put in better form.
Mr. HOWE. I want to hear the amend-
ment read.
Mr. STOCKTON. I object to the further
consideration of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
being objected to, goes over.
PACIFIC AND GREAT EASTERN RAILWAY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 483) granting lands and the right of
way in Missouri and Arkansas to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
along or near the thirty-sixth parallel of north
latitude, from the Mississippi river to the
Arkansas river; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section one, line
nine, after the word "point," to strikeout "in
the Indian territory on the line of the Atlantic
and Pacific railroad as hereafter to be located"
and in lieu thereof to insert "on the western
boundary of said State on or near the Illinois
| river;" so as to read;
That to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph liue frotn a point on the west bank of the
Mississippi river, at or near the town of Cottonwuod
Point, in the county of Pemiscott, and State ol ^ilus-
souri, in a westerly direction along or near the
thirty-sixth parallel of north latitude, by the most
eligible railroad route as shall be determined by taiii
company, through the State of Arkansas, to a point
, on the western boundary of said State, on or near
1 the Illinois river, at or near which said line crosses,
or shall cross the Arkansas river, there is hereby-
granted to tho Pacific and Great Eastern Railway
; Company, a corporation organized under and by
virtue of the laws of the State of Arkansas, the right
of way through any public lands in the States of
Missouri, Arkansas, and the Indian territory, for
j the construction of said railroad and telegraph lino;
I and the right, power, and authority is hereby given
| to the said company to take from public lands adja-
| cent to the lino of said railroad earth, stone, and
j other materials for tbe construction thereof. Said
right of way is granted to said company to the extent
of one hundred feet wide where it may pass over tho
public lands, including all necessary grounds for sta-
tions, buildings, workshops, depots, machine-shops,
switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, stock-yards, and
water-stations. *
I Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the
amendment by adding "and to a junction with
the Kansas, Missouri, and Texas Railroad
Company." There is a road now being built
on the line; it may be some little distance
from the line, and so I say *' to a junction with
the Kansas, Missouri, and Texas Railroad
Company."
Mr. WARNER. Will that go into the Indian
territory?
Mr. POMEROY. It will.
Mr. WARNER, The policy of the commit-
tee was to strike out all relating to the Indian
territory.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes; but this company
should have a right to connect with a railroad
that is very near the line if it is not on the line.
Mr. HARRIS. I think this bill had better
go over.
Mr. POMElROY. I will withdraw my amend-
ment if it is desired. I do not care anything
about the amendment.
Mr. FERRY. I shall object to any land in
the Indian territory being granted.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill does not give
any.
Mr. FERRY. The bill does.
Mr. POMEROY. We have struck out all
the land grant. ' There is nothing but the right
of way in the Indian territory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana objects to (he further
consideration of this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I will withdraw the amend-
ment. I do not care anything about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Louisiana object to the consid-
eration of the bill ?
Mr. HARRIS. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. POMEROY. If any one has any objec-
tion to the amendment I withdraw it.
Mr. FERRY. I prefer that it should be
withdrawn.
Mr. WILSON. Does not this grant any
land in the Indian territory ?
Mr. POMEROY. Not an acre. It grants
the right of way, provided-the Indians choose
to sell it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on'Public Lands. 0
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section one, line seventeen, after the word
"Arkansas," to strikeout "and the Indian ter-
ritory."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the first section the words " not ex-
ceeding forty acres at any one place."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line eight, to insert the word "or" between
the words "Missouri" and "Arkansas;" and
