18T0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4083
the Government, to be fed, clothed, educated,
and petted into peace from the hard labors of
the toiling white men and negroes of this
country. Their soil is fertile ; it yields at the
touch of labor a generous supply. The least
exertion from the rudest laborers will give an
adequate return for ail their wants. The sting
of hunger will quicken their efforts and culti-
vate the virtues of providence and economy
among them as among other members of the
human family if the salutary monitions of
idleness and industry are permitted to work
their way. Nature must do a portion of the
labor of civilization if it is to be successfully
done.
I have but one remark to make in regard to
the Quakers who have charge of this domain
of Indian civilization at present. It is stated
that it is a new policy that is being pursued
toward the Indians. I am not prepared, how-
ever, to affirm that it is new. If I am to be-
lieve the statement that has been made by those
who have experience and who know the facts
of the case, it is certainly a most wretched ex-
periment, new or old, as the number of deaths
or murders that have taken place amount to
about eight hundred per cent, more than for
any former year of our experience 011 the sub-
ject. This statement was not made by the
honorable Senator who affirmed it of his own
knowledge to prejudice the character or the
labors of the Quakers who have these Indians
in charge. On the contrary, it was merely
stated as a fact that accompanies the experi-
ment, resulting from whatever cause it may,
accidental, not intentional on their part, most
assuredly; nor is it my purpose to suppose that
these most estimable persons had any particular
influence in producingthis result. Butthatthat
result has taken place is shown by the reports
from that section of the country, as well as by
the statements of the Senators who reside there.
These reports and statements ought to convince
us that a larger amount of blood has flowed the
past year than ever before. Believing, as I do,
that the Quakers are well adapted to this pur-
pose in many respects, yet there are, perhaps,
some attributes that are connected with an In-
dian agent that could be better supplied from
other quarters, or at least quite as well.
Nor, do I doubt the statements that have
been made with regard to the course^ pursued
by the Quakers in Pennsylvania,and its result.
But there is one fact connected with that mat-
ter that bas not been stated. The Quakers are
not pioneers. They never have gone on the
frontiers. They are not border men. They
have not pursued their policy into the midst
of the most desperate and wildest tribes of
Indians. They are persons that settle in civ-
ilized sections, remote from the tomahawks
and scalping-knives, and have done so in all
periods of their history. That will account lor
the fact that the Indians have never murdered
the Quakers in Pennsylvania or in any other
place. They did not meet with them. Had
they, in the course of their wars met with the
Quakers, I apprehend they would have shared
the fate of the Presbyterian and Methodist,
and all the bold adventurous pioneers that
have invaded the uncultured iorests.
Mr. President, if there is any new conception
inaugurated, its failure is due to a more eviden
cause than any that has yet been stated. It
is due to the want of a proper head ot this
department. Consider the lofty pretensions
^of the scheme. It is to Christianize, and thus
render a permanent contribution to the world s
civilization. At the head of this fountain ot
spiritual light is placed, not one of the high-
est, but the lowest types of humanity. _ I ne
source of this regenerating power is an indi-
vidual from a race that has not yet produced
a solitary example of Christianity.
our admiration for the virtues of the Indians,
no one can say that he has yet ascenued to the
atmosphere of the Christian religion. Is or has
'this head been ever a respectable specimen ot
his race. It is from such a fountain as this
that there is to flow a stream of moral and
spiritual light that is to illuminate the wild
hordes that wander amid the vast plains of the
distant West. As well might you hope for the
noonday splendors of the snn from the earth.
Who gives out light, moral, spiritual, or phys-
ical, must have it. It is vain to hope from
such a source to illuminate the heathen and
the Christian world. It is ridiculous in itself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend I suppose is aware of the fact that the
Secretary of the Interior is the head of the
Indian department?
Mr. FOWLER. No, sir; I am not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, yes, he is.
All the rest are his subordinates. All the
communications which come to us—and I had
read one a few moments ago in the hearing
of the Senate—are from the Secretary of the
Interior. Nobody else ever communicates to
the Senate or to Congress on such subjects.
Mr. FOWLER. I am well aware that that
is ostensibly the case; but nevertheless the
actual fact, the reality of the thing, is that the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs is the head ot
the department; and it is from that source
that is "to flow this flood of Christian light that
is to civilize these wild Indians, and he a wild
man himself I Simply because ho has had the
advantage of an education, it is supposed that
lie is to give this fountain of civilization to
these wild men of the forest.
I agree with the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations in his humane and noble
policy in regard.to the Indians. 1 have ap-
proved his course ever since I have noticed it.
1 think it elevated and humane, and worthy of
being executed by the highest expression of a
spiritual civilization. But I do not approve
of the policy that has been pursued with regard
to this whole Indian department; nor do I
approve of this effort to take from the Treasury
of the United States $30,000 for the purpose
of throwing it out to be distributed by Indian
agents, who are no better to day than Indian
agents have been in all ages and in all periods
of our history. They are for the most part a
set of rapacious wolves, so far as my experience
has extended. Seventy-five per cent, of every-
thing that is voted for the Indians goes into the
pockets of this rapacious throng. Not more
than one fourth of it ever goes to the Indians.
And there are now swarming around the Capitol
here, and every other place where any portion
of this money can go, a flock ol famished vul-
tures who are ready to devour this money the
moment it lias been appropriated. I make no
allusion here to the mild, devoted, and Chris-
tian gentlemen of that ever-prized and honored
Christian order now in charge of the Nebraska
Indians.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am a little sorry that
my friend from Tennessee, whose State bad the
honor of having the last preceding Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, and about whose re-
ligion I do not know anything, and I presume
the Indians did not—I never heard of his doing
them any good—should attack our present Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs in this way. Ihere
is not anything in this bill to warrant it. We
are not making an appropriation to furnish^
seeds and wagons for the Commissioner oi
Indian Affairs. We are making appropria-
tions (or the Indians on the plains. There is
no excuse, it appears to me, if my friend will
permit me to say so in a friendly way, for un-
dertaking on a bill of this kind to review the
history and public character of a public officer.
Of course the Senator has a perfect right to do
it; but I do not know anything that this officer
has done, or omitted to do, which deserves any
such attack as this. _
1 suppose that the Commissioner ol Indian
Affairs is of Indian descent. I do not. know
but that he is a pure-blooded Indian. If he is,
he is a native American, and those of us who
want to regulate naturalization^ ought to be
glad of it for that reason. Certainly it is noth-
ing against him that ho was born Oti the sou,
and that his grandfather owned the land, and
got it in the natural way.
But more than all that, he is an educated
man ; he is a civilized man, as much so as any
gentleman who hears me. He has served his
country faithfully in all the positions he has
occupied under it; and in my judgment ho
deserves well of it. I do not suppose that he
is perfect. I do not know anybody who is
except us Senators here. [Laughter.] We
are, of course. The probability is that he has
his failings; but we have not.
I do not think, whatever his opinions maybe
about religion, (and I believe under the Con-
stitution of this country he has a right to hold
them, whatever they may be, without question
from anybody,) that he will be likely to cause
these Quakers to depart from the line of peace
which we propose by this bill to authorize them
to pursue. They are the people who will have
the disposition in these superintendences of
this gratuity, as it is called, that we are to give.
They are the persons who practically will be
brought into direct relations with these Indians.
Is there any objection to it? It costs less to
maintain a Quaker than it does to maintain a
regiment,; at least it used to when I was in the
habit of visiting my good old grandparents,
who were Quakers themselves, and I think so
yet; and it saves a great deal of human life if
you can feed an Indian instead of getting into
a fight with him, although I do not know but
that the daring which my friend from Nebraska
[Mr. Tiptox] speaks of as one of the char-
acteristics of the people of his State makes if
necessary for them to have a fight every morn-
ing and a peace every afternoon; but I pre-
sume not. The daring that he referred to was
of a better description probably than that.
I do not think that anybody has any just
right to criticise the President of the United
States in selecting this particular sect. I think
he did entirely right in doing it. He could
not select all the sects. He could not make
up a commission composed of one Catholic,
one Episcopalian, one Presbyterian, one Con-
gregationalism one Quaker, and so on, going
through all the thirty or forty different kinds
of religions; and if lie did, I think we should
see a pow-wow when they got together over
points of doctrine instead of seeing the seeds
delivered to the Indians. [Laughter.] And
it is not invidious to any other sect. He must
select somebody, if he was to do anything;
and I might just as well claim that it was an
invidious distinction against the State of Ver-
mont because he did not select a member of
the Cabinet from that State and did take two
from Massachusetts. What of it ? _ Does that
prove that the President of the United States
thought no Vermonter was fit for such a place,
or no Indianian, or no Tennesseeau, or no Nn-
braskian? By no means. There is only a lim-
ited number of public servants to be selected,
and it is no distinction against any citizen that
the President of the United States chooses A
rather than B. That is his affair. I do net
think you would have found the Quakers criti-
cising the President of the United States >f
he had selected an Episcopalian eommissiot ,
or whatever other sect he might have thoug<t
it best to select for such a purpose as this.
But, Mr. President, I do not want to occupy
time about this. I think it is totally unjust -o
the President of the United States and withn- t
any good foundation, when Senators will refle't
upon it, to say that he has acted in an invidioj'S
way toward any sect in this country. I thinK,
on the contrary, he has done a noble and a
praiseworthy thing, and I hope we shall con-
tinue to try the experiment until it is demon-
strated by time either that it is a success oi a
falMr6 FOWLER. I made no objection to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs on accent: o
his personal character, or anything of the ^
I made no allusion to that. 1
on this ground: that being a native Amcric.-.i
he was certainly no better than any other moi-
