2196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
Henry M. Phillips, who was here on the Dem-
ocratic side of the House. No corrupt motive
could have influenced him in making such an
appointment. I wish t.o make this explanation
because it, is due to the honorable gentleman,
who is alike above reproach and suspicion.
When referring to these facts an old member
of the House said to me, "Look at the list of
appointments to the Naval Academy, and see
how large a proportion are born in one State
and appointed from another, and you will see
pretty frequent evidence that your predecessors
were not alone in such an operation."
Mr. LOGAN. I now yield for a few minutes
to my colleague on the Committee on Military
Affairs, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mor-
cam,] and then I will move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MORGAN. From the first, Mr. Speaker,
I have felt, as each of my colleagues on the
committee felt, that the duty imposed upon us
was of the most unpleasant character. And
after having imposed upon us a duty so un-
pleasant in its nature, 1 do think the least the
House could have done would have been to
sustain the action of the committee after its
impartial and laborious investigation. Now,
it is a notorious fact, Mr. Speaker, that the
charge has been made that this Congress, as
well as the Fortieth Congress, had within its
bosom members who could be bought like
sheep in the market. I hold in my hand a letter
which was published under our very eyes, here
in the cityof Washington, signed by a person
whose business purported to be the purchase
of the votes or action of members of Congress
for this or that purpose, as their vote or influ-
ence might be desired. That letter, signed
"Edward P. Brooks," will be found in the
Republican ot this city, of date February 22,
1870. In it ho thus speaks of this House:
"There woro a number of men in the Fortieth, as
thero arc m every Congress, who oould ho bought
Hko sheop at so much ahead. I bought thorn as fast
iis I <.oulu, but the number was linally exhausted,
find I was eompellod to apply to another class who
required delicate manipulation, and among them
was Mr. Wkittemoro."
in the estimation of this gentleman, Whitte-
morewas one of the virtuous members of Con-
gress, who had to be seduced before he would
sell himself. Now, it is undoubtedly true, un-
just as it may be, that the impression prevails
in the country—and I regret very much to say
that the late action of this House in the case
of Mr. Btjtlbb, of Tennessee, was calculated
to strengthen that impression—that there is
not only corruption but much corruption in
this body. ^ Hence I say that wo owe it to our-
selves, individually and collectively, to show
the country by our action that the charge that
has been made against this House as a body is
unfounded and unjust.
It must be remembered that we did not seek
to go into this investigation in regard to Gen-
eral Schoepf, or in regard to Captain Upshur,
or in regard to other persons connected with
the executive branch of this Government. But
the House directed us t.o make the investiga-
tion, and we made it fairly and impartially.
1 hese parties came before the committee arid
had every opportunity to be heard. The state-
ment of General Schoepf before the committee
was taken in writing, and upon a fair and
mature deliberation of the case the committee
came to the conclusion that he was an improper
person to occupy the responsible position
of examiner in the Patent Office, because if
lie would use money to bribe a member of
Congress or any other person connected with
the Government he was not a proper person to
decide upon any question in relation to patents.
Mr. AKNELL. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a, moment to malieastate-
went?
Mr. MORGAN. Certainly I will.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to add, for the
purpose of putting in a statement made to me
by the Secretary of the Interior, that only a
short time ago, within two or three months
past. General Schoepf indignantly turned out
of his office a man who had a patent before
him for examination because the man insin-
uated that if General Schoepf would determine
favorably as to his patent he should be re-
warded. The general turned him out of his
office and immediately reported the fact to
the Commissioner of Patents. This is only
one of several cases of like character which
have occurred. 1 make this statement simply
to show the estimation in which General
Schoepf is held by his superiors. Both the
Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of Patents believed General Schoepf
to be incorruptible, and I desire to add, in
my own behalf, that General Schoepf, in my
opinion, is incapable of intentional malfeas-
ance. 1 believe the House will do him a great
injustice by the passageof thisresolution. This
man was a soldier of the Union and received
the thanks of the Legislature of Kentucky for
his gallant services at Wild Cat and elsewhere.
He remained in the saddle in front of the enemy
until disease compelled him to retire from
active service. His private life is blameless
and without reproach. As I understand the
evidence bearing on General Schoepf's con-
duct, ho simply handed from General Tyler,
an old personal friend, to General Este the
sum said to have been received by Mr. Bcjtler.
Not one cent of pecuniary reward did he
receive in this transaction, nor is it alleged
that ho received any.
Mr. Speaker, I have no words of sufficient
energy to express my sense of the injustice that
will be done to General Schoepf by the pas-
sage of this resolution ; and I trust the House
will pause and consider well before doing
injustice to a bravo soldier and faithful public
officer.
Mr. MORGAN. I will say to the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Arxell] that the
time allotted by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs has expired, and I return
the floor to him.
Mr. LOGAN. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I have
been surprised and gratified at the statements
made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sohexok] and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes.] When I remarked that
ever since 1 had been in Congress it had been
a Hying rumor or report that men were con-
cerned in disposing of their cadetships for valu-
able considerations I supposed I was only
stating the experience of every gentleman in the
House. Ifi chose to take the time I might
mention particular instances on which the gen-
eral statement was made ; but I will not do so
in this connection and at this rime. I am
gratified, however, by the statement of these two
gentlemen. I must conclude that lhave been
peculiarly unfortunate in being the recipient of
these unfavorable and damaging reports; and
I am at least comforted by the hope that the
fact has not been as bad as rumor, many-
tongued, would seem to declare; in other words,
that there has not been as much fire as the
amount, of smoke would lead one to suppose.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to submit but a few
remarks in reference to this matter, and I shall
then ask the previous question. I should not
have said anything but for the remarks which
have been made by other members, and espe-
cially the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] and the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard,] whose remarks called out the
remarks of others. Now, 1 say to this House
that it makes no difference to me what estimate
it. may place upon the labors of our committee.
But I am satisfied that charges of the sweeping
character of those which have been made are
not well founded. We have given to this sub-
ject a thorough examination, and I do believe
that we have presented to the House all the
cases in which the evidence that we could pro-
cure would warrant such action. If there are
other cases they have been covered up so that
we could not discover them. We labored very
hard to find out everything bearing on the in-
quiry committed to us.
Hence, I say to the House, for its benefit
and for the information of the country, that 1
do not believe the sweeping charges against
this House. I believe that the great mass of
the members of this body—and, indeed, I have
no right to except any man—are gentlemen of
high character, who would not dispose of their
patronage or violate their official trust for any
pecuniary consideration. That is my opinion of
this House to-day; it has always been my opin-
ion. I have served in this body from 1858,
excepting the period during the war; and I say
that I never heard of the sale of cadetships until
I saw statements of that kind published in the
newspapers. I desire to state how that publi-
cation occurred, because one gentleman, in
discussing this subject this morning, has inti-
mated that members have published advertise-
ments that they would sell cadetships. The
committee examined into the origin of the pub-
lications which appeared in the papers of New
York city. We found that those advertisements
emanated from M. D. Landon. Ho testified
before us that he put those notices in the New
York newspapers; that in doing so he was
simply skirmishing to see who wanted to pur-
chase cadetships. Those advertisements there-
fore did not come from members of Congress,
but from one of those men who go around the
country trying to peddle that which does not
belong to them. I make this statement in
justice to members of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The committee was charged by the House
with the painful duty of presenting charges
against members of the House wherever the
evidence might justify it, and asking for their
expulsion. We have performed this duty with-
out fear and without favor. We have not been
influenced by prejudice in favor of our political
allies or prejudice against our political oppo-
nents. The House has in a great measure sus-
tained our reports. Though it has disagreed
with a part of the committee in relation to some
particulars, we find no fault in that respect,
because it was the right of the House to do so.
This is our final report, and we make it because
we have no further case before us. Wo make
it because we find that we can present no other
case for the action of the House. We have no
cases except those which have been presented
and which have received the action of the
House.
So far as the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] m reference to
his district are concerned, I hope they are con-
fined entirely to his district. I hope the facts
stated by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
apply only to his district. If all his predeces-
sors sold their cadetships 
Mr. KELLEY. I do not say all.
Mr. LOGAN. If some of them, then, sold
their cadetships, his remarks apply only to his
own district. The same is the case, I pre-
sume, in reference to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] It
does not, I know, apply generally to the dis-
tricts represented upon this floor, because we
have examined in reference to every appoint-
ment and every appointee, and I know whereof
I speak, that these accusations are not true.
1 know that these appointments are not made
out of the district in any such general way as
has been supposed. There are, and they have
been referred to in the report, cases where
appointments have been made out of the dis-
trict, but the practice is not by any means so
general as the country seems to have under-
stood. And I deem it my duty to say this
in defense^ of the House of Representatives.
Those against whom charges have been made
and proved have had their cases considered
before the House, and they are now no longer
