4084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4.
vidual of equal elevation; that he is not such a
being, in my judgment, as warrants us in the
conviction that from him is to flow the greatest
amount of spiritual light possible, nbr that he
is a person so elevated that he is capable of
inaugurating a great policy that is to illuminate
these benighted creatures. I do not think the
present head of that department is at all equal
to the very humblest of the.Quaker sect. 1 do
not permit any person to go b.eyond me in his
estimation of the great value and great bless-
ings conferred upon mankind by the Quakers.
No-individual has a.higlier esteem for that body
of Uhvistians.than I have, certainly; and had
one of tbem been selected for that place I
would not have objected to it by any means on
aceount of any invidiousness at all. Nor did
I in any remark that I made reflect at all upon
the Quakers, or upon anybody for selecting
them ou account of their being a particular
sect.
Now, sir, in reference to the last Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, he was a Methodist, a
Methodistminister ; and I do notknow that that
elevates him in the least,.or depresses him in
any manner whatever. I do not know that he
did very much for the elevation of the Indians;
but certainly, if I am to take the statement of
the Senator from Nebraska, the number of
murders that occurred on the part of the In-
dians was not so great under him as it has been
under the present head of that department.
Mr. GASSERLY here addressed the Senate
in remarks which will be published in the
Appendix;
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from California mistakes me when he sup-
poses that I make no distinction between the
character of various Indians. I am very glad
that he has alluded to the Oalifornian missions.
Their system was pi-eferable to anything the
United States has adopted, much preferable to
what lias occurred since then in California.
Their success was in bridging the Indians im-
mediately under the influences of civilization.
They did not put them away; they did not
make contracts with tliern and deal with them
as independent nations; but they brought them
within the jurisdiction of the missions, and
treated tberti as wards, and civilized many of
them, and did a good work. We have not
been able, since we took possession of that
country, to-take as good care of those Indians
aswas taken of them by the church at those
missions. But even then there were some
Indians that they could not deal with, and
those were the Apaches. The Apaches were
between the'missions of California and Mexico,
and they extended far down into Mexico. They
were' nearer to the City of Mexico than they
"were to California; but still they destroyed
some of the missions and prevented any civil-
ization from growing up in their neighborhood.
I have a list of murders by the Apaches in
Arizona, which I thought I would have read at
some stage of the proceedings, because I think
that question should be a little better under-
stood. This list should go along with the rest
of this Indian discussion. I do not want to
occupy time, but I think it my duty to bring it
before the Senate, to show what is going on in
one of yonr organized Territories. I will ask
the Clerk to read a short list, that the Senate
may see what the Apaches are doing.
I he Chief Clerk read as follows, from the
Miner, of January 22,1870, published at Pres-
cott, Arizona Territoty:
"Wo have demonstrated our ability to live in this
new country, when wo had to import every pound
of provisions eaten by us at a cost of from twenty-five
cents to one dollar per pound, every article of oloth-
ing evoryimplement and article used byus, atprices
fully as high in proportion. Since then we have
coaxed to import many articles, having produced
them at home, and consequently enjoyed them tor
mucii less money. This, too, in time of war and gen-
eral stagnation. Our foe, the Indian, has frequently
come down on us like the wolf on the fold, lulled
many good and true men, and robbed us of our prop-
erty; but we have always recuperated, and, to use
a homely but expressive phrase, "come up to the
scratch' hko men.
"Our fair and rich territory has been sneered at
as a worthless, barren region, and grand federal
officials have accused us of staying hero i'or the sole
purpose of living off and. fleecing the Government.
This is all a mistake, .There are not to exceed three
hundred white citizens in the entire Territory who
would stop in it a week had they no other hope of
ever making money save out of Government, for, bo
it known, that the chances in that line are few and
far between. In sayiDg this much we do not wish
to be undeistood as asserting that Government has
not aided us materially, for it has, and to deny it
would be base ingratitude. There may be those
ainongus who assert a.nd believe thatwe could have
got along without Government aid, but we deny it.
But for the small force of Federal troops furnished
the Territory it would not have been possible for
citizens to have remained here, cultivated ranches,
built towns, and worked in mines. Citizens cannot
do these things and fight. To hold their own or get
ahead the people of now as well as of old countries
must not be tormented or harassed with war. They
and their property inustbe protected by Government,
else they oannotaccumulate and develop. .These are
acknowledged facts, and no one will have the hardi-
hood to gainsay thom.
" Now let us see if the people of this Territory have
had sufficient protection from a Government that is
pledged-to protect all its citizens, and which was
organized and is continued for that special purpose.
The Territory is said to contain nearly one hundred
and thirty thousand square miles, over which are
scattered in tribes and bands about thirty thousand
Indians, five thousand of whom are deadly enemies
of the white race. To conquer these Indians, and
protect life and property, there is, it is said, about
two thousand troops in the Territory, fully ono half
of whom are employed in doing camp and' garrison
duty, with perhaps from two to three hundred always
on the sick list. Now, most of these troops are scat-
tered in small bodies throughout the southern and
middle portions of the Territory, convenient to large
townsand settlements, while a few companies—per-
haps four or five—are posted far away from any set-
tlement of importance, and where, in our humblo
opinion, they ought not to be, so long as the entire
forcc is so small.
"Then, again, the cavalry are poorly provided
with horses, and the infantry with pack trains, so
that when thoy do move after Indians their move-
ments arc most generallyal together too slow to catch
the fleet- llooted miscreants that prey on us. Again,
so soon as officers and troops get to know the coun-
tiy and the ways and haunts of the Apaches they are
sent out of tho Territory and now, green men put
into their places. Again, commanding ofiieers here
are one thousand miles from the headquarters of tho
general commanding the department, and of couise
have to act in accordance with his instructions and
orders, and beg him for troops and material. Again,
the settlements are scattered far and wide, so much
so that it would take at least four times tho number
of troops now in the Territory to render them proper
protection and chase the Apaches. Knowing theso
tacts, people at a distance will not wonder at the
slow pace this Territory has advanced, or the great
length of tho almost fruitless war that has been waged
against the Indians. The wonder ought to be that
we have held our position in the Territory despite
every drawback, and it U a wonder.
"At times our people have been almost ready to
abandon the contest and throw up the thankless,
unprofitable job of holding the Territory for a coun-
try that left them to shift for themselves. But at
these junctures braver counsels would prevail, and
a new determination be formed to stick to it at all
hazards. They have stuck to it, retaliated on the
savages, and by dint of hard work have succeeded
in making homes for themselves, cultivating tho soil,
operating and working mines* until we arc now
almost 'out of the wilderness' and the labyrinth
of difheulties with which we were formerly sur-
rounded. In a few years, should Government not
abandon us entirely, we will be able to shift for our-
selves. Even now we raise nearly enough grain to
feed ourselves, the troops, the Apaches, and the ani-
mals belonging to all three of tho aforesaid parties.
We also raise vegetables of every kind, and mine
out annually over one million dollars in gold, sil-
ver, and copper, of which we have an inexhaustible
supply.
"To give our fellow-citizens of the States an idea
of the murderous war that has been waged against
us while accomplishing these things, we below give
a partial list of the persons murdered by the savage
aborigines of this Territory, from March 4, 1864, up
to the present time. The list is, of course, incom-
plete, many persons having- been murdered of whose
death no record has been kept. "We will commence
with Yavapai county; where, on March4, 1864, the
savages whom we had partially clothed and ied dug
up the hatchet, and, without cause or provocation,
commenced a career of murder and robbery unpar-
alleled in the history of the West, by murdering
five Mexicans and two Americans whoso names are
to u Bunknown.
" March 16, they attacked the ranch of Sheldon &
Forbes, near Prescott, and killed a Mr. Cnsgrove.
" JunoG, they waylaid and killed W. P.Jones' in
Big Bug district, arid shockingly mutilatedhis body.
" On the same day Samuel Harrison was slain in
.Battle Flat.
"July 2k poor Jack Beauchamp lost his life while
exploring the country east of Prescott; the 'friendly'
Ooyoteios killed him.
"March 13, three mon (names unknown) were
killed near Camp Date creek.
w!^ar.ei) *5, 1805, Charles .Smith was killed near
Wickenburg.
"March 20, they killed a Mr. Somers, near same
place.
" Mr. Alexander was kil led some time in this month,
about two miles west of Prescott.
" March 25, a soldier (name unknown) fell into their
hands and was butchered near Prescott.
"May 2, a Mexican was killed near Lynch creek.
" May3,Willow Springs, between Camp Date creek
and Kirkland valley. Richard Bell, Cornelius Sago,
arid Charles Cunningham lell victims to the savages.
"May 26, John Ryan, asoldier.was murdered near
Wickenburg.
" July 22, they killed a soldier named John Whit-
ing near Skull vallev.
"March 30,I860, Wallapais killed Edward Glower,
at the Willows on the Prescott and Mohave road.
"May 1, John Broderick, a soldier, was shot and
killed on the Rio Verde, near Camp Verde.
"November 8, WilliamTrahcrn, Leroy Jay, and L.
M. Linton were murdered while going from Woolr
sey's ranch to the Bully Bueno mill and mine.
"November 10, G. W. Leihy, superintendent of
Indian affairs, and his clerk, a Mr. Evarts, were
most foully murdered, while passing through Boll's
canon, by Indians whom Mr. Leihy had treated with
great kindness.
" April 27,1867, E. A. Bontley died from the effects
ofa wound received in a light with Indians, at Weaver
hill, a short time previous.
' "February 29 or 30, they killed near Martinez's
ranch, on the Prescott and La. Paz wagon-road, Jack
GouHl, and two other men whose names are unknown
to us.
"About this date two soldiers named Harrington
and Dwall, of company B thirty-second inlantry,
lost their lives near Cainp*Verde.
"July 27, near Walnut Giove, Harvey Twaddell
received a wound, from which he died August 5.
"August 1, they killed a soldier on Big Bug creek,
^Augusts, two soldiers were killed in Bell's canon.
"August 7.1. A. Wamsley was slam on tho lower
Agua Frio.
"September 10, they killed W. M. Saxton, near
Burnt ranch.
"March 21, 1868, Indians attacked a mail party
between the Willows and Cottonwood^, on the Pres-
cott and Mohave road, killed two soldiers—Corporal
Troy and Piivate Glovel—and wounded the carrier,
Charles Spencer.
" May 13, Joseph Green and John McWhorter were
attacked and killed between Camps McDowell and
Iteno.
"May 18, they killed John C.Baker, cast of tho
Rio Verde.
"May 29, a man was killed between Prescott and
Skull valley.
%" June 16, between McDowell and Reno, four sol-
diers. Sergeant Demon, privates Murphy, Merrill,
and Murphy, were killed.
"July 23, a soldier named Joachum was shot dead
near Williamson valley.
" August 30, the savages killed a man named Oscar
Ilelloy between Wickenburg and the Vulture mine.
September 2, a Mexican, Juan Teps, was mur-
dered between Prescott and Lynx creek.
" In September, a man named R. C. Bean was
killed near the White mountains.
"September 4. Robert Smith was shot and killed
within sight of the Big Bug mill.
" October 28, thev killed B. F. Thompson, one and
a half miles from Prescott.
t " October 24, J. J. Gibson received a wound, from
tne effects ot_which hq died November 7,1868.
' October 25, they killed Josiah Whitcomb, near
Burnt ranch.
"October 26, they attacked a party near the Cien-
ega, and wounded George D. Bowers mortally. He
died October 30, at Camp Verde.
"November 20, they killed a soldier near Wick-
en burg, and a day or two afterward a man named
iiobert Nix.
"November 8, they made an attack on a pack-
tram in Big Bug district, killed Jose Rico, Secundia
Lopez, and Jose Molino.
"November 12, Frank Pouget fell into their
clutches, near wickenburg, and was cruelly mur-
dered.
"December 1, John O'Donnell was killed near
.H-p in J}ov?s' a*>°ut sixty miles west from Prescott.
In 1869, they killed as follows:
February 22 or 23, William Burnett, near Granito
Wash, on the I rescott and La Paz road.
lobruary 25, John Howell, between Skull and
KirMand valleys.
^'February 20, David Osborn, near Prescott.
..&pny,s'-?1!it0n,s- Hadley. at Camp Toll-gate.
„May 29, ,1. Sheldon, near Willow Grove.
t August 18, Harrison Gray, at Walnut Grove.
t August«1, a Mexican. Name unknown,
. September 8, four Mexicans, near the Vulture
mine.
October 16, J alius Pelet, at the old Mexican camp,
lower Lynx creek.
November 27, George Melvin, near Williamson
valley.
November 11, John Y.^Shirley, captured near
Lynx creek, about twelve miles east from Prescott.
t November 26, Thomas N. Berry, near Prescott.
December z8, an unknown Mexican; between
Camp McDowell and Phoenix.
vJ^,?mb« ' Wesley Fmnerty, at Kirkland
Mohave county.
September 23,1866, John Julian was waylaid and
muidered within one mile of Hardy ville.
October 1, in Sacramento district, four men,
Messrs. Woodworth, Benjamin, Judson, and Baker,
mot tneir death at the hands of the savages.
