5028
THE € ONGRESSI ON AL GLOBE.
June 30,
respectively, which shall ho presented to the Gov-
ernment revenue officer for the time being who may
he in charge at the said islands, as the authority ot
the party tor landing and taking skins.
Sec. 5. And.be %t further enacted. That at the oxpira-
tion of said term of twonty years, or on surrender or
forfeiture of any lease, other leases may be made in
manner as aforesaid for other terms of twenty years;
but no persons other than American citizens shall
he permitted, by lease or otherwise, to occupy said
islands, or either of them, for the purposo ol taking
the skins of fur-seals therefrom; nor shall any foreign
vessel be engaged in takingsuch skins: ana the sec-
retary of the Treasury shall vacate and declare any
lease forfeited if the same be held or opeiated lor
tho use, benefit, or advantage, dircctly or indirectly,
of any person or persons other than American citi-
zens. Every leaso shali contain a covenant on Uie
part of the lessee that lie will not keep, sell, iiu'msa,
give, or dispose of any distilled spirits or spirituous
liquors on either of said islands to any of the natives
thereof, such person not being a physician and lur-
nishing the same for use us medicine; and any
person who shali kill any fur-seal oil either of said
islands, or in the waters adjacent thereto, without
authority of tho lessees thereof, andany person who
shall molest, disturb, or interfere with said^lessees,
or either of them, or their agents ov employes m the
lawlul prosecution of their business, under the pro-
visions of this act, shall bo deemed guilty ot a mis-
demeanor, and shall, lor oach offense, on conviction
thereof, be punished m the same way and by like
penalties as prescribed in the second section or this
act; and all vessels, their tackle, apparol, appurte-
nances, and cargo,whose crews shall bo found engaged
in any violation of either of the provisions of this
section, shall be forfeitod to the United States; and
if any person or company, under any lease herein
authorized, shall knowingly kili, or permit to be
killed, any number of seals exceeding the number
for each island in this act prescribed, such person or
company shall, in addition to the penalties and lor-
feitures aforesaid, also forfeit the whole number ot
the skins of seals killed in that year, or, in ease tho
saino have been disposed of, then said person or com-
pany shall forfeit the value of the same. And it shall
be the duty of any revenue officer, officially acting
as such on cither of said islands, to seize and destroy
any distilled spiritsorspiriutousliquors found there-
on: Provided, That such officer shall make detailed
report of bis doings to the collector of tho port.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That the annual
rental to be reserved by said leaso shall not be less
than 850.000 per annum, to be secured by deposits!
United States bonds to that amount; andmaddition
thereto a revenue tax or duty of two dollars is hereby
laid upon each fur-seal skin taken and shipped irom
said islands, during the continuance of such leaso, to
be paid into the Treasury of the United States ; and
the Secretary of the Treasury is hcroby empowered
and authorized to make all needful rules and regula-
tions for the collection and payment of the same, for
the comfort, maintenance, education, and protection
of the natives of said islands, and also lor carrying
into full effect all theprovisionsof this act: Provided
further, ThattheSeeretaryoftheTreasurymay term-
inate any lease given to ansv person, company, or
corporation, on full and satisfactory proof of thcvio-
lation of any oftlie provisions of this a,ct,orthe rules
and regulations established by him: Provided further.
That the Secretary of the Treasury ishercby author-
ized to deliver to the owners tho fur-seal skins now
stored on the islands, on the payment of one dollar
for each of said skins taken and shipped away by
said owners.
Sec. 7. And be it, further enacted, That tho provis-
ions of the seventh and eighth sections of_ an act to
extend tho laws of the United States relatingto cus-
toms, commerce, and navigation over the territory
ceded to the United States by Russia, to establish a
collection district therein, and for other purposes,
approved July 27,18GS, shall be deemed to apply to
this act; and all prosecutions l'or offenses committed
against tho provisions of this act, and all other pro-
ceedings had because of the violations of the provis-
ions of this act, and which are authorized by said act
above mentioned, shall foe in accordance with the
provisions thereof; and all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with the provisions of this act are here-
by repealed.
Sec. 8. And. be it further enacted, That the Congress
may, at any time hereafter, alter, amend, or repeal
this act.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
ebneur in the .amendment made by tlie House
of Representatives.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to concur with an
amendment. In the fourth section, line eight,
the word "twenty" should be stricken out and
"five" inserted. I make that motion. That
will give this company the control of this mat-
ter for tlic term of five years. Then if every-
thing goes right, if this company does its duty
faithfully, there will be no trouble in extending
the time ; but to give a company this absolute
control for twenty years, a monopoly for twenty
years, is contrary to the whole genius and spirit
of our institutions. Suppose that after you
grant this monopoly to them they put up the
rates three, four, five, or ten times higher than
they are to-day; what is tho remedy? They
have got the monopoly for twenty years from
this Government, and can do pretty much what
they please. _
Now, instead of opening this business to toe
world, we propose to select out the people who
rushed in there, and who have had the control
of it. We take these people up without their
doing anything specially deserving, _ except
spending the winter here and working very
hard for this bill, by themselves and their coun-
sel, and give them the sole management of this
business, instead of opening it to bidders.
These persons have liad experience and know
all about the business. They have made enorm-
ous sums of money out of it already. They
rushed there as quickly as they could and made
large sums.
Now, I think five years is long enough to
try this experiment. If they do right nobody
will object to an extension. It is right that
something should be done for the protection
of these seals; but the idea of giving a monop-
oly for twenty years to these persons, and
putting it beyond our power to control it dur-
ing that time, I think is wrong, and I would
not vote for it for any man or set of men on
the face of the earth. I think it is not such
legislation as the Congress of the United States
should encourage. Five years seem to me long
enough to try these persons. If they do right
all will be well; nobody will object to continu-
ing their term. If they do wrong, then we shall
have the power to let the business out to any-
body else, under such rules and regulations as
will'be for the general interest.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts evidently did not notice the last sec-
tion, the eighth section, which provides that
Congress may at any time hereafter alter, amend,
or repeal this act. The Committee on Com-
merce spent I should think two months, per-
haps three mouths, in investigating this fur-
seal business, and reported this bill a year ago
last March.' 1 consider every amendment that
has boon made in the other House as an im-
provement.
These seals at cue time were driven from the
Island of St. George, and the Russian Eur
Company prohibited the killing of seal for 1
think some ten years. It is a very delicate
business, and it requires not only that the
Government should exercise a close supervis-
ion, but that whoever has charge should like-
wise have an interest in protecting and pre-
serving these seals. 1 hope the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts will not
prevail. Tho Committee on Commerce have
considered this bill, and have unanimously in-
structed me to advocate the adoption of the
amendment ol the House ol Representatives
precisely as it comes here, and I hope the
Senate will so vote.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts is clearly right in the amend-
ment he offered just now, and if he had not
offered it I should have done so. A monop-
oly of twenty years, an exclusive right for that
time to kili seals and to sell seal-skins, is a
tremendous thing, and I think is almost un-
precedented in the history of this country. I
do not see any reason in the world why that
monopoly should not at least be limited to five
years. To be sure, as the Senator from Michi-
gan says, Congress can repeal or amend this
act; but we know very well that when a pow-
erful corporation once is established it is not so
very ea3y at all times to amend and to repeal
an act conferring such a monopoly as this.
I hope that the Senate will not agree to the
proposition to confer such a tremendous advan-
tage upon a company for twenty years, almost
a generation of men. Five years seems to me
evidently sufficient.
Mr. STEWART. I much prefer twenty
years to five, and for this reason : this bill pro-
vides for a pretty good revenue to the Govern-
ment, and that revenue will only continue so
long as the seals continue; and it there should
be any conflict there, if you should make it lor
the interest of the company obtaining the seals
to kill the seals rapidly, it will not be to their
advantage to preserve them, and the seals will
not be preserved.
At first, on general principles, it occurred
to me that this business ought to be thrown
open to all the world; but after examining the
subject, after considering what had been tbe
result in thoje cases where the seals had been
thrown open to the world, namely, that they
had been destroyed, whereas by the monopoly
of the Russian Fur Company the seals had
been preserved, I came to the conclusion that
it was best to enlist the interest of the com-
pany in the preservation of the seals.
We passed a law prohibiting the billing of
these seals, and we have gone to consideraole
expense in sending revenue officers and rev-
enue-cutters to these islands to prevent their
indiscriminate killing. The Government has
been losing money ever since we got the territory
of Alaska in trying to preserve them._ They
have been preserved in that way up to this time.
Now, if we can provide for a permanent rev-
enue from this business, and have somebody to
take care of tho seals, it seems to me it will be
better to letthe lease run for twenty years than
for five, and the Government will get so much
more. If you limit it to five years, and there
is to be a struggle over the contract at the end
of that time, the probability is that this large
revenue will cease to the Government.
It seems to me that this is a practical view to
take. If these parties kill one hundred thou-
sand seals a year there will be $200,000,
besides the $50,000 rent. That amounts to
$250,000. It is estimated that they will kill
about one hundred thousand a year, if the busi-
ness is properly managed. This is a very large
revenue, and if it can be obtained by this pro-
cess it seems to me the other House haveacted
wisely. The matter was discussed pretty thor-
oughly there, and this proposition was passed
by a very large vote, three or four to one.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a proviso that
I did not call tho attention of the Senate to in
the sixth section :
Provided further. That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may terminate any lease given to any person,
company or corporation, on full and satisfactory
proof of the violation of any of the provisions of this
aer, or the rules and regulations established by him.
If that is not sufficient protection I do not
know what is.
Mr. HOWE. I wish this bill may lie over
until to-morrow. I have seen it nes* for the
first time. There is a very extraordinary fea-
ture in it 
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator voted for
it a year ago last March.
Mr. HOWE. Do not twit me with it. I had
forgotten it, and 1 was in hopes the country had.
[Laughter.] Still I do not know but that I can
be induced to vote for it again. I say there is
an extraordinary feature in it, a feature that
I never recognized in any United States statute
before. It is framed upon the idea that the
United States is very rich in seals up there ;
and this is a scheme, I judge, to turn the Sec-
retary of the Treasury into a peddler of seal-
skins, and it gives to him the absolute control,
it seems t,o me. fortwenty years, of this estate,
with some little suggestions, I notice, in this
section as to the parties for whose benefit ho
shall control it.
Upon the first blush this seems to me to be
evident, that if there is a humane purpose to be
subserved by nursing these seals there, if the
interests of civilization and humanity require
that that shall be done, and if we own them,
then instead of farming out this business of
j slaughtering seals, the whole work of catching
them and putting their skins into market should
be done under the control of an agent of the
Government and for the benefit of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER.. That is exactly what
the bill does.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. J. would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin that there is an
