238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Marshall.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
over 50 per cent, during the three years of low
tariff, and a falling off of more than one half
during the eight following years of high tariff.
The effect has not been so bad upon our
other exports. Indeed, we have several, as
cotton and tobacco, that the world must and
will have under any system of legislation. I
cannot, of course, consider here in detail the
effect of the tax on the 4,000 articles on which
duties are imposed. But 1 will consider one
or two to show the practical operation of these
protective duties. And first, of
SALT.
I cannot but regard this tax as a disgrace to
our country and to the civilization of the age.
It amounts to from 100to 170per cent. Indeed,
in California, where they have an island of salt
(Carmen Island) right at their doors, they are
not permitted to use this gift of Heaven until
they have paid the Government a tax of 300
per cent. Its practical operation is illustrated
by Commissioner Wells by the striking state-
ment—
"That if the Government were to exact its duties
like tithes, in kind, it would requiro that each vessel
arriving in the United States with a cargo of foreign
salt should beaccompanied by another of equal sizo,
and a third smaller eraft of from 8 to 50 per cent,
capacity of the former, to convoy the duty."
And by the following table, which he fur-
nishes as illustrating the actual ad valorem
duty on foreign salt, shows the amount of salt
withdrawn from bond for the fisheries in the
district of Gloucester, Massachusetts, for the
third quarter of the calendar year 1809, with
the value, amount of duty remitted, and the
duty, specific and ad valorem, as officially re-
turned :
w
-a
"a
o
Pounds.
Rate.
Value.
Duty.
Por cent,
of value.
July....
Aug 
Sept....
Total...
■1,184.433
2,408.350
1,42s), 995
IScts.
18 cts.
IScts.
$>4,833
2,724
J.,7.50
$7,532 00
•A.3;>6 92
2,573 9t5
155.20
159.14
148.78
8,022,778
49,307 isU.ilO 93
155.16
There was salt that cost $9,307, on which
our beneficent Government exacts a duty of
$14,440 98 in gold. And in passing, I may
remark, as a further illustration of our most
equitable legislation, that while these fishermen
of Massachusetts are permitted to withdraw
this salt from bond and use it without paying
one cent of this tax, not one pound of it could
have been obtained by the farmers and beef
and pork packers of the West until this sum
of $14,440 08 in gold was first paid to the
Government. The difference between the Mas-
sachusetts fishermen and the farmers of the
West in this item is as follows: the Massa-
chusetts men get this salt at simple cost without
tax, that is to say, for §9,.107 ; the farmers of
Illinois must pay as follows :
Cost of salt  $9,307 00
Duty in gold  14,410 98
Premium on the gold duty at the time  4.333 29
Total  828,080 27
To which must be added the profits to all
through whose hands it passes and their per
cent, on the money that they are thus compelled
to pay as well as the cost of transportation,
making the cost to the western farmer, as com-
pared with the Massachusetts fishermen, of at
least $4 to $1, and this to a great extent caused
by the interference and unjust discrimination
of a common Government.
Salt is_ one of the absolute necessaries of
life. It is as necessary as bread or clothing,
and almost as indispensable as light or heat. It
is an article of constant and daily use in every
hamlet and every cabin in the land. It is
necessary to the health and growth of every
variety of live stock. It is a great preserva-
tive of hay and clover. It is one of the most
valuable fertilizers of the soil, and is indispens-
able as a preservative of meats of every descrip-
tion ; and as the growing and salting and pack-
ing of beef and pork for the markets of the
world is an extensive business in the West,
requiring millions of bushels of salt, this tax
is a most grievous burden upon the people of
our section.
The consumption of salt in our country is
immense, but if it were cheap, as it should be,
the consumption would be doubled. It would
be used in putting up hay, clover, and straw,
and as a fertilizer in tens of thousands of in-
stances where now the enormous cost of it for-
bids its use for these purposes. And besides
this, millions of bushels more than is now used
are needed for stock. The loss which farmers
sustain for want of adequate supplies cannot
be computed, but must be immense. Every
description of stock—hogs, horses, cattle,
sheep; and the food of cattle—hay, fodder,
clover, shucks, &e., require and are benefited
by the use of salt. In England it was com-
puted, after thorough investigation, that be-
fore the abolition of the salt tax the stock of
English farmers was injured for want of ade-
quate supplies to an amount annually many
times greater than all the revenue derived
from the tax.
Nature has been bountiful in the supply of
this indispensable article. It is obtained in
various parts of the earth in inexhaustible
quantities without labor and almost without
cost. In the grand laboratory of nature its
manufacture is as continuous and eternal as the
song of the heavenly orbs. The sun in his
daily rounds never rests for a moment from his
labors to increase the supply, and inexhaust-
ible deposits are found all along his pathway
around the globe. From the places of its de-
posit it is brought to our shores as ballast for
vessels, and could often be delivered at our
sea-ports almost without cost for transportation.
Its free importation, in addition to the great
blessing of cheap salt, would have another
effect scarcely less important. It would open
up to us valuable markets for the produce of
the West. This pure salt made by solar evap-
oration comes from countries—the West In-
dies, the coasts of Spain and Portugal, the
Mediterranean, &c.—all of which would be
great consumers of our provisions. Their salt
costs them almost nothing, and they need and
would gladly purchase these articles of our
production. The exchange would be mutually
beneficial to all parties, and the removal of the
duty would afford real, substantial relief to our
pecvple.
I regard this tax as a curse. It is worse; it
is a crime. Salt is necessary to the health,
comfort, almost to the life of every animated
being. It is indispensable to the provision
trade of our country. And I fully concur with
the English statesman when he declared that
a tax on salt was little less than impiety, and
an attack upon the goodness and wisdom of
God, who had filled the bowels of the earth
and the waves of the sea with salt for the use
and blessing of man, and to whom it is de-
nied, its use fettered and clogged by odious
and abominable taxation.
The revenue derived from it is paltry and
contemptible when compared with the burden
it imposes on the people. This burden cannot,
1 think, be less than $8,000,000 or $10,000,000.
Indeed, as it affects important industries and
interests, the injury to the country is much
greater than that sum, while the revenue de-
rived is but a little over $1,000,000. This
one million and less than a quarter is paid by
the people for the purposes of revenue. The
other $9,000,000 is paid that capital may be
exalted. The consumption of salt in our coun-
try is between 30,000,000 and 40.000,000
bushels per annum, or about 1 bushel per cap-
ita. The duty is from 18 to 24 cents in gold
per hundred pounds. Add the premium on
gold and the percentage charged on his capital
by every trader through whose hands the salt
must pass, and the average enhancement of
price to the consumer in the interior, caused
by this duty since it was imposed, will be not
far from 30 cents per bushel. Thirty-five mil-
lion bushels at 30 cents will be $10,500,000.
I know that the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. McCarthy,] who represents the salt-boil-
ing interests of that State, makes the burden
of this tax much less than I state it. He tells
us in his speech the other day that the annual
average consumption of salt in this country is
only about 30 pounds per capita, and that the
tax is only about 6f cents per capita. In this,
as I have already shown, lie is greatly mis-
taken. But take his data, and what do they
show? Our population now is about 40,000,000.
A tax of 6-f cents per capita amounts to
$2,700,000. Of this he tells us the Govern-
ment receives in revenue $1,136,225, leaving
a balance of $1,563,775 that, according to this
statement, the people pay, but which the Gov-
ernment does not receive. For whose benefit
is this $1,500,000 per annum levied and col-
lected from a tax-cursed people ? The inevita-
ble answer should bring a blush of shame to
every man who has ever vindicated this most
odious tax. If this were the full extent of the
spoliation, which I deny, what right, I demand
of Congress, have you to lay this burden on the
people that a few favored individuals may riot
in wealth'! I warn gentlemen that the people
will not longer submit to this abominable
iniquity.
IEON.
The duty on iron in all its various forms is
still more disastrous in its effect upon the
industries, the prosperity, and the productive
energies of the country. The honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] told
us some time ago in most beautiful language
that "fire was the nervous force and iron the
muscle of modern civilization." And yet he
is the chief advocate of the policy that puts,
in the shape of duties, heavy clogs and fetters
upon this nervous power and muscle of our
country, and thus enables other nations less
favored by nature to outstrip us in the race of
progress and prosperity. Any act that en-
hances the cost of iron is a blow at civilization
and progress; and that nation which has or
can procure cheap iron in abundance has an
advantage in the struggle for preeminence
which it is exceedingly difficult to counteract.
The cost of iron meets us at every turn in life
and affects us in every relation. Our present
duties thereon nearly double the cost of all
machinery, of every foundery, cotton and
woolen factory, of every farming implement,
of every boat, ship, or railroad, of freights,
of our clothing, of our bread and meat, of
everything, indeed, that has a purchasable
value.
The enhanced price of iron is indeed an in-
cubus that is weighing us down, and which it
is impossible to escape. It is as all-pervading
as the air we breathe, and as deleterious as the
miasma that rises from the poisonous fens.
The duty on pig iron of $9 in gold per ton has
been clearly shown by the Special Commis-
sioner of the Revenue and others to be an abso-
lute and unnecessary bonus to the manufac-
turers of that article. The evidence is famil-
iar to you all, and I will not detain the House
by repeating it here. It would be much better
policy, I submit, to vote these millions directly
outoftheTreasuryto these manufacturers, and
let the country have cheap iron and tools and
machinery, than to maintain existing duties.
The duty is equivalent to a bonus of $12 per
ton to the manufacturer, who has been clear-
ing at least that much on all he produces. I
will beg leave t:> call your attention to but one
