1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2197
members of this House. If there are any
members v/ho know of other eases of members
selling their cadetships, it is their bounden
duty to rise iu their places and state the facts,
so that prompt action may be taken : but, sir,
after the Committee on Military Affairs have
reported finally on this -whole subject it does
not become members of Congress to say in
debate that they know of like cases, or that
they have heard of such cases. If they know
of such cases, or have heard of any, they ought
to have stated the fact before. This is all I
have to say on that subject.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs are thankful to the House of Rep-
resentatives for the indulgence with which
we have been treated and for the manner in
which, in some instances, they have sustained
our reports. I now ask that the vote be taken
on this resolution, and I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question recurred on Mr. Maynard's
amendment, which was modified as follows :
Strike out these words: "Remove said Schoepf
from the position of examiner oi patents, as .in im-
proper person to have or hold such responsible posi-
tion under the Government;" and in lieu thereof to
insert: "To inquire whether said Schoepf is a suit-
ableperson to be intrusted with theresponsibleoliice
of examiner in the Patent Office, and to act accord-
ingly."
The House divided: and there were—ayes
10, noes 102.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by -which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the last resolution reported by the committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Resolved, That in addition to the penalties now
imposed bylaw, the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives is hereby directed to exclude from the
privileges of the floor, committee-rooms, clerks'
looms, and the galleries of tho House of Repre-
sentatives any person or persons who have been
or may be hereafter proved guilty of having been
engaged in corrupting or attemptiii; to corrupt any
member of Congress, by directly or indirectly offer-
ing him any valuable consideration with a view of
influencing his action in any matter pertaining to
his official duties."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to suggest an
amendment to the resolution. It provides that
the Speaker shall do certain things as if he
were the Doorkeeper or Sergeant-at-Arms. It
should be thathe should see that certain things
were done.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair will be excused
for making a single remark. The resolution
provides that the Speaker shall exclude cer-
tain persons from the floor and the galleries,
and other privileges of the House. It requires
of him a duty which it is impossible for him
to discharge. If such persons should be in
the galleries the Chair cannot leave his place
here to have those persons excluded.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The resolution should
read: 1' The Speaker is hereby directed to
cause those persons to be excluded." The
resolution should direct that such persons are
excluded and leave it to the proper executive
officers of the House to carry out that order.
Mr. LOGAN. I will amend the resolution in
accordance with tho suggestions of the Chair.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If I un-
derstand the resolution it excludes all those
who have or hereafter may approach members
of Congress.
Mr. LOGAN. It only refers to those who
have been convicted upon the evidence before
the House.
The Clerk read the resolution, as modified,
as follows :
llesohcd. That in addition to the penalties now
imposed by law, any person or persons who have
been or may hereafter bo proven guilty of having
been engaged in corrupting or attempting to eorrupt
any member of Congress, by directly or indirectly
ottering him any valuable consideration with a view
ot influencing his action in any matter pertaining to
his othcial duties .shall hereafter be excluded from
all privileges oi the floor, committee-rooms, clerks'
t?vesS'' galleries of the House of Representa-
The previous question was seconded aud the
mam question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution, as amended, was
agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I now move that the report
of tho committee be adopted, and that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
report on tim coast sukvjsv.
_Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there bo printed five thousand
copies oi the report of the Superintendent of tho
Coast Survey for tho year 181)9, of which one thousand
snail bo tor distribution by the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey, and four thousand for the use of
tho members of this House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
now call for the regular order.
personal explanation.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman will yield to me for a few mo-
ments for a personal explanation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
yield to the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. 1 send
to the desk to be read a newspaper article in
which my name is mentioned.
The Clerk read as follows:
Polygamy—A Shameful Speclaclc.
" Hon. Ciiaht.es Pomeroy, of Iowa, then delivered
a telling speech in favor of the bill, which caused
Hon. Samuel Hooper to cry out vehemently that
'thero was no community of one hundred thou-
sand people on earth which hail so few murdors,
thefts, houses of prostitution, rum-shops, and gam-
bling-hells as Utah.' If tho honorable gentleman
had stopped here we might have lot him pas^ with-
out further notice; hut wo are told that at, the con-
clusion of Mr. Poiieroy's remarks this enlightened
Representative of Massachusetts, known and re-
spected throughoutthe country for his ability, calmly
proceeded to deliver an elaborately written speech
m defense of tho heinous crime of polygamy, on
moral, scriptural, and economical grounds. Tho fact
of his speech being written proves that his position
has been taken deliberately.
"Tliepeoplo not only of Massachusetts hut of the
whole country will be shocked at this humiliating
spectacle. There is a causo for it somewhere. Last
summer a congressional committee, of which wo be-
lieve this gentleman was a member, headed by Gen-
eral Sciienck, visited tho Pacific coast. They also
called to pay due respect to tho sovereign Brigham.
Of certain members of that delegation Miss Anna E.
Dickinson, in her lecture on'Whited Sepulchres,'
speaks severely. Can it bo possible that her sea,thing
criticisms are to bo so soon more than fullyjustified?
Is it possible that one short visit to the harems of Salt,
Lake is all that is necessary to causo leading men of
the nation to not only approve polygamy but turn
thoir backs upon civilisation and Christianity and
enthusiastically embrace tho damnable faith ? For
the sake of tho good name of our country wo hopo
Mr. Samuel Hooper stands alone in his iniquity
and disgrace. Let tho bill under discussion be well
considered, and if it bo deemed wise to amend it let
it not beupon the grounds of Mr. Hooper's speech."
[The reading of the article elicited frequent
bursts of laughter.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mi\
Speaker, this article is from the Philadelphia
Morning Post of yesterday, and though the
editor has written me that it was published
without his knowledge, and that, so far as it
refers to me lie would make all possible repara-
tion for the absurd blunder by an explanation
in his paper of to-day, yet it seemed to me,
considering how much faster falsehood travels
than truth, that the records of this House
should contain a specific contradiction of the
statements iu this article, which, as every one
in the House knows, are based upon the blun-
der of mistaking me for the Delegate from
Utah, whose speech of yesterday I am unwill-
ing to father.
I now ask the Clerk to read this letter which
I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Moexixo Post,
32 South Seventh Street,
Philadelphia, March 23,1870.
Dear Sik : In the Morning Post of this date there
is an article in which you are confounded with Mr.
Hooper, Delegate from Utah, and his speech of yes-
terday is ascribed to you, and you are severely cen-
sured for bis opinions.
This mistake astonishes me, and I shall make ail
possible reparation by an explanation to-morrow.
To you I offer my most earnest apologies for a blun-
der for which I am responsible as the editor of tho
paper, though it happened without my knowledge.
Very respectfully,
JOHN D. STOCKTON.
Hon. Samuel iioopep..
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I have
nothing farther to say.
personal explanation.
Mr. MUNGEN. I also rise to a personal
explanation, and ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Washbukx] to yield a moment
for that purpose. s
_ Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Ob-
jection is made by gentlemen around me to
my yielding further to anybody.
Mr. MDNGEN. I will only occupy a mo-
ment. I desire to put a question to the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, and
I wish his answer to go to the country through
tlie Globe, in connection with the discussion
on the report of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
yield to the gentleman two minutes for that
purpose.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs a
question. To the reportwhich has been made
by the committee I have no objection ; but
when an individual's name lias been mentioned
in connection with a matter of this kind, as
mine has been, there is apt to be a stain left on
it if unexplained. I desire the chairman m
the committee to state publicly, before the
House, whether in my appointment of a cadet
there was an3'thing at all reflecting on my char-
acter er motives in the least degree ?
Mr. LOGAN. I will simply repeat what we
have said in the report, that if there had been
anything in the evidence which showed any
corruption on the part of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Muxgen-] we should have made a
report to the House against him; bat we found
no such evidence.
order of liUSIKESS.
Ilie SPEAKER. The regular order havinc
been called, the morning hour will now corn"
mence, and committees will be called for
reports.
labok contract.
Mr. BCRDETT, from the Committee on
Education and Labor, reported back the biil
(H. L. ISo. 059) to regulate labor contracts
with immigrants to the United States, and
moved that !t be recommitted to the Committee
and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
missouri, kansas, and texas iiailiioad.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent,
,th,G1Coflmi.tt1ee on the Pacific Railroad!
° > an amendment, the bill (S.
tL°i T7)t0 "^Pol-ate the Missouri, Kansas,
and Texas Railway Company, and for other
purposes; and moved that the bill be «com-
printed amendment, ordered to be
hv^whJ^it18^ movedto reconsider the vote
bill was recommitted ; and also
m, If iii motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
-The latter motion was agreed to.
MARTHA r. GKEENEEB.
nnanim°ns consent, intro
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1607) granting a pen-
