1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5029
objection to that feature of this bill giving the
eare of this trade to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury while the spirit of our institutions clearly
makes the Secretary of State "keeper of the
seals." Mr. Fish has a right to be displeased
with this deprivation of constitutional power.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I move that the consideration
of this bill we postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
done. I trust that we may dispose of it now.
Mr. MORTON. It is well understood that
if this seal fishery is left open to all the world
these seals will all be killed off in two or three
years, and that is the end of it. The expe-
rience of this Government and of others will
inform us that if the Government undertakes
to carry on the fishing business on its own ac-
count the seals will cost a good deal more than
they come to. I never yet heard of a Govern-
ment carrying on a fishery profitably, either in
this country or in Europe.
Again, if you lease these seal fisheries for
two, three, four, or five years, the company
who get them, knowing that they can hold
them but for a short time, will be interested in
getting all out of them that they can, and the
regulations will perhaps be violated, and at
the end of their time the seal fishery will be
destroyed.. But if the matter is given for a
series of years to a responsible company it
will be their interest to take care of the fish-
eries, and to cultivate the seals instead of
destroying them.
One word in regard to the revenue. Under
this bill we shall probably get enough revenue
out of tne seal fisheries to pay the annual ex-
penses, or very nearly, of governing Alaska,
and it is the only chance I see of defraying the
expenses of that territory except out of the
Treasury of the United States. I hope we
shall not wantonly throw away this, the only
source of revenue there.
Mr. CAMERON. I think this is just that
character of bill which requires a little more
reflection than seems to have been given to it.
I do not want the Government to go into the
management of fisheries or any of the officers
of the Government to be fishermen; but if
this business is to be rented out at all I want
to make the most money that can bo made out
of it for the Government. I think we should
certainly reduce the time fixed to five years.
With that these parties will have plenty of time
to try the experiment, aud have plenty of time
to make a profit which will pay them well for
their investment.
I look upon this as one of the greatest priv-
ileges the Government could give to persons
who desire to make money. The seals now
are very abundant, and they will be so for a
number of years. If we had put a clause in
here saying that the Secretary of the Treasury
should receive proposals for this business there
might have beep some more reason in it, con-
fining him to a minimum of two dollars for each
seal caught and the $50,000 rent; but when
this is a contract evidently prepared by some-
body who is ready to go there, when it is seen
to be a job got up, the profits of which are
already calculated for somebody, i do not know
who, and I do not care who, it is apparent that
the profit is to inure to individuals, not to
the Government; and therefore it ought to be
reflected upon well.
Even if this matter should be passed over
for this year there is no danger that the Gov-
ernment will losebyit. The Alaska purchase
nerhaps was not a profitable one; and yet it
is one which no American would like to abro-
gate now. I desire that this bill shall be looked
at carefully, and that every Senator shall have
time enough to look at it and see what amend-
ments would be proper.
The usual clause, that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall have the right to change the
terms, amounts to nothing. The gentlemen
who get this lease now will have the ear of the
Treasury by the machinery that gets and keeps
contracts, just as it has been in the Indian
Bureau. One set of men for one or two gen-
erations have controlled all the Indian con-
tracts ; and so the same people who get this
now will retain it for generations if it is profit-
able.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I thank God
that I am so constituted that I cannot on all
occasions conceive every man a scoundrel and
ever bill that is gotten up here a job. I believe
that this is as honest a bill as can be gotten up
on this subject. I know that we hear rumors
in relation to it, that there is a great amount of
jobbing in the bill; but I am convinced that
it is situated very much as the man was at the
cross-roads. On making inquiry as to which
was the best road, he was told that they were
of equal distance, and that they were both
pretty hard roads. He asked which one he
should take ; and he was told " go whichever
road you please, you will wish you had gone
the other." [Laughter.] Now let us frame
and pass any bill that we may we shall have
plenty of people here to say that we ought to
have gone the other road. I believe that this
bill is intended to protect these seal-fisheries
and to give the Government all that it can get
out of them.
I agree that it is absolutely indispensable
that the company which has control of this
matter should have it for a considerable length
of time, and should feel an interest in the pres-
ervation of tho Aleuts and of the seals. J hope
we shall adopt the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. HOWE. Although it may be very im-
portant that a bill should be passed, and that
this bill should be passed, it does not seem to
me of vital importance that it should be passed
to-day. It will not be denied that it is an
important measure, i say I liave seen the
bill for the first time to-day, and there are
peculiar features in it. What objection can
there be to letting it pass over for a day, and
give us an opportunity to read it? I listened
intently 
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator not only
listened to the discussion of this bill for a week
a year ago, but he voted for it. For a whole
week it was under discussion here, and he voted
for it himself; and now lie does not know any-
thing about it.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot make the Senator
keep still about that, [laughter,] and I will
not keep still about this. He saysl voted for
the bill. I am unconscious of having done it.
I do vote sometimes for bills that I do not
understand any too well; and I may have, in
some clairvoyant state, voted for this bill; but
since then 1 have come out of the mesmeric
state partially. [Laughter.] Let this bill
be passed over until to-morrow, and if I am
not entirely restored I may vote tor it again ;
and if I am entirely restored I may vote lor it;
but I should like to have twenty four hours to
comprehend this thing.
Mr. C0NKLING. May I inquire of the
Chair whether, if the motion to postpone pre-
vails, the bill will be transferred to the Calen-
dar with any certainity of being reached to-
morrow ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar, and it can be proceeded with
to-morrow by a majority vote, as other bills on
the Calendar can be.
Mr. C0NKLING. Precisely like other bills
on the Calendar. So the honorable^ Senator
will take notice of the fact that if this bill is
postponed this morning it goes nobody knows
where. We may reach it again, and we may
not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that all reports of committees_ are, in a
parliamentary sense, postponed until to-mor-
row, and for that reason are placed on the
Calendar.
Mr. CONKL1NG. So I supposed. I only
wished to bring the attention of the Senate to
the fact that the consideration of this bill this
morning will give it-no advantage, and it will
stand precisely as it would have done if placed
on the Calendar originally. We may reach it
in three days or three weeks, or not at all,
because there are a great many other bills'here
competing for precedence.
I wish to say one word about this bill. I do
not know but that, taking the statement of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin, the more
natural his state is the worse he is likely to
vote ; for X, think he voted remarkably well on
this subject, when he thinks he was in some
exalted or unnatural position. This bill relates
to a subject not only novel in its character, but
very far distant and isolated in its residence.
Everybody, I think, must see, as the Senator
from Indiana remarked, that if these sealsare
just to be left for the time being they will be
a prey for the trappers and hunters and adven-
turers of the world ; and they will disappear,
and that quickly and utterly.
Mr. CHANDLER. Forever.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course, if they are
exterminated, it will be forever; because you
may as well set up the seal business, if these
seals are exterminated, in any other ocean and
upon any other reefs as these. Now, then,
something not only should be done, but done
quickly. As the Senator from Indiana reminds
me, and as I was told last summer on the
Pacific coast, where I took pains to make very
extensive inquiry on this subject, seals once
driven away thoroughly, although not entirely
exterminated, as far as man knows, never
come back to that place. It is a final depart-
ure when they go, and are thoroughly driven
away.
Now, then, Mr. President, without multiply-
ing words, everybody must see not only that
something should be done, but be done quickly;
because if we are to dawdle with it, and let it.
lie over another year, in all probability we may
as well never do it at all. The Senator from
Pennsylvania says that somebody is willing to
accept this and go on with it. I hope so. I
should not want to vote for the bill if that was
not so. I understand that there are responsi-
ble parties—I do not know who they are—who
are willing to go on and execute this proposed
work.
It seems to me the bill is well guarded. The
matter is placed under the absolute jus dis-
pomndi of the Secretary of the Treasury; and
whom can we trust better than the Secretary
of the Treasury in regard to this subject ? The
power must be centralized somewhere. Un-
less it is placed in the hands of some one man
who can act, or a very limited number of men
who can act, it will be everybody's business
and nobody's business. Now, by the bill, it
is made to reside there with the minister of
finance, into whose department and official
custody come the large revenues here pro-
vided.
This subject has been considered for a year.
It lias been thoroughly considered in the com-
mittees of both Houses, and by the light of
very considerable discussion which has been
had with practical men skilled in the subject.
If, therefore, the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin thinks it is desirable to part with the
subject, perhaps for the session, to let this go
over for another year, to lose command of the
subject, which, as far as the remark can be
made of anything not more important, is most
urgent in respect to time, then let us adopt his
motion, and have this bill go on the Calendar,
and perhaps we shall reach it at some time by
and by, and perhaps we shall not reach it dur-
ing the session at all; and when we do reach
it, I undertake to say that the chances are that
we shall never get a better bill than has been
perfected by the consideration given to this.
Mr. PATTERSON. I think to lay this bill
over now will be to kjll it. and I think to kill
the bill will be to kill the seal fisheries at the
islands of St. Paul and St. George. A year
or more since I had occasion to look into this
subject somewhat thoroughly, and I am satis-
