THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
Supreme Court of the United States affirming
the legality of that provisional court iu Louis-
iana. I have not seen that decision.
Mr. STEWART. That is the fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had the decision.
Mr. HOWE. I am not controverting the
statement that there has been such a decision
made. I have not seen it. I do not know
upon what grounds it is based. But whether
that court wns valid or not seems to me to be
an unimportant consideration in determining
the validity of this claim. The order of the
President appointed a provisional judge there
in Louisiana, as I understand, and he_ author-
ized, or undertook to authorize, that judge to
appoint certain officers, such as a marshal and
a clerk, and to fix their salaries. They under-
took to pay these officers out of the incidental
fund of the War Department. For a certain
time that court, so constituted, continued to do
business, pronounced judgments, I suppose,
and perhaps executed those judgments; but
the time came when the judge resigned. The
only authority in the world who could confer
or who did confer any authority on this clerk
and marshal resigned that authority. There
was then no longer a provisional court; but
these officers seem to have thought they were
called upon to hold on to their offices, and they
did hold, on to their offices, they say. What
single duty there was for them to perform I
cannot conceive. Not a writ could issue, and
therefore I do not know what the marshal could
do; and if no writ could issue, or no term of
the court could be held, I do not know what
the clerk could do. The only reason I have
heard assigned for their holding on to their
offices was to take care of their records. One
would suppose that the records of a provisional
court could have been taken care of at less
expense than that provided for in this bill.
But the bill not only provides for paying these
officers from the time the judge resigned up to
^tbe time the law passed transferring these
-records from their custody, but it provides for
paying them for a month thereafter, I think.
Mr. POMEROY. I guess you had better
object to it, and stop the debate.
Mr. HOWE. You can object if you wish.
Mr. POMEROY. On your statement I shall
feel bound to object.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; if you object, let
it go over.
Mr. POMEROY. On the statement of the
Senator from Wisconsin this bill certainly ought
not to pass. I know nothing about it except
from his statement; but upon that statement
of the case I should object to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas desires the bill to be passed over.
Mr. STEWART. I think it had better be
acted on and disposed of now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will take no more
time now than at any other period.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kansas withdraw his objection?
Mr. POMEROY. If the statement of the
Senator from Wisconsin is admitted to be a
correct statement of the facts, I object to the
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we may as well
dispose of it now one way or the other.
Mr. FENTON. I hope my friend from
Kansas will withdraw his objection and let
us vote on the bill now.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is to be no further
debate upon it, and Senators will agree to take
a vote,I am willingthatthe vote shall be taken.
Mr. FENTON. There will be no debate.
Let lift have a vote.
The-VICE PRESIDENT. If no amend-
ment be offered the bill will be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand that the Sen-
ator from Kansas has withdrawn his objec-
tion?
Mr. FERRY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut objects, and the bill will be
passed over. j
CREDITS TO PRISONERS FOR GOOD BHIIAVIOR. :
Tho next bill ou the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 554) to regulate credits to prisoners
l'or good behavior ; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The bill provides
that prisoners who are now or who may here- ;
after be confined in prisons of any of the States,
as punishment for crimes of which they have
been convicted and sentenced by courts of the
United States, shall hereafter be entitled to the
same system of credits for good behavior as
other prisoners confined in the same prison.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to insert at the ,
end of the bill the following: !
And hereafter the act approved March 2,1867, eh- '
titled "An act in relation to persons imprisoned under
sentence for offenses against the United States," shall
only apply to such persons as are confined in prisons
whore no credits for good behavior are allowod.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend- ,
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
SUPREME AND CIRCUIT JUDGES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 621) to increase the number of judges
of the Supreme and circuit courts of the United
States, and to establish the boundaries of the
judicial circuits; which was reported adversely
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the bill be 1
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
RATIFICATION OF FitTB8NTH AMENDMENT.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 186) declaring the
ratification of the fifteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. |
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and the committee were discharged
from its further consideration.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it had better go j
over. I move that it be passed over. i
The motion was agreed to.
BOUNDARIES OF LAND DISTRICTS. '
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 742) to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to change the boundaries of land dis- ,
tricts.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
empower the Secretary of the Interior to change
and reestablish the boundaries of land districts
whenever in his opinion the public interests !
will be subserved thereby, without authority
to increase the number of land offices or land <
districts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that bill had bet-
ter go over. It will involve discussion.
Mr. THAYER. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to this bill. If the Senator noticed the
reading of the bill I do not think he would
object to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand from the
Senator from Kansas that by the present law
land districts are established by act of Con-
gress, and this bill proposes to put them all ,
into the hands of the Secretary of the Interior,
to change the boundaries and reestablish them
at his mere discretion. If that is so, it is a i
very questionable piece of legislation, in my ]
opinion.
Mr. THAYER. I will state, if I may be
permitted, in a very few words, the object of i
this bill which I introduced. It very often |
occurs as settlements extend that the bound-
aries of land districts are required to be changed,
and we have been obliged to introduce a bill
for each particular case. On consultation with
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
he thought, or rather I suggested whether it
would not be well to authorize the Secretary
6f the Interior or the President to change them
according as circumstances required. For
instance, tfheti it becomes necessary to enlarge
the boundaries of a district, or modify them,
we consult the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and he of course is guided a great
deal by the representatives from the locality.
The result was that we came to the conclusion
that it was better to let him have the power to
enlarge the districtsorto modify them according
as the wants of the settlers required, instead
of being obliged to coine to Congress in every
particular case to pass an act to cover it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill go over. It
may be that the Senator is right, but I should
like to look into it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that in regard
tM the State of Oregon it is provided by special
enactment that the President of the United
States may change the boundaries of the land
districts. There certainly can be no objection
to that provision. It is in the interest of econ-
omy. It does not increase the number of dis-
tricts.
Mr. THAYER. And it saves legislation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it is a bill that
ought to pass. I shall move to amend it by
inserting "President of the United States"
instead of "Secretary of the Interior."
Mr. COLE. I remember that section seven
of the law of 1866 concerning the mining re-
gions, &c., authorized the Secretary of the
Interior to establish at will new land districts,
and I suppose that would include the power to
change the boundaries of the districts.
Mr. POMEROY. We have never allowed
any Secretary of the Interior to increase the
number of officers. We have sometimes allowed
him to change the districts.
Mr. COLE. That certainly is changing the
boundaries of some out of which others are
carved.
Mr. POMEROY. Under the bill he can
change the boundaries if he does not establish
new offices. He cannot increase the number.
Mr. THAYER. One word further 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not yet know whether the bill is before the
Senate or not.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Vermont
does not object, I presume.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thinkl ought to object,
because as the bill stands I think it is con-
ferring power on the Secretary^ of the Interior
that ought not to be conferred upon him. I
of course do not allude to the present gentle-
man who occupies that office, because I would
trust him with any power that I would trust
myself; but we are legislating for all time, my
friend must know.
Mr. THAYER. In these cades yon legis-
late upon the report of the Commissioner and
of the Secretary of the Interior, and they are
guided by the representations' of a Senator or
member from that State or district.. You have
to be guided by those representations. My
friend would have no knowledge in regard to
a land district in the State of Nebraska, its
boundaries, or the necessity for a change. He
would refer ,to the Secretary and the Commis-
sioner, and they would consult with the Rep-
resentative from that district. The object of
this bill is to avoid coming here for a special
bill in every particular case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand the object
of it; but I think it had better lie over until
to-morrow, and perhaps I shall withdtaw the
objection then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont desires that the bill be passed over.
Mr. THAYER. If my friend from Vermont
will consent to allow it to come up to-morrow,
let it be passed over informally.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I submit an amendment
to go with the bill, to strike out " Secretary of
the Interior" and insert "President of the
United States."
Mr. THAYER. I will accept that.
