1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2199
these men engaged in navigating the Missis-
sippi river this small boon is one that ought not
to be adopted without very deliberate consid-
eration. As I have said, thousands of men
navigating that river are without homes and
■ dependent upon these hospitals for shelter in
time of sickness or for support in a season of
destitution. I hope the gentleman who re-
ported this bill will accept the proposition to
have the bill recommitted, that the committee
may report fully the facts to the House. I
move that the bill be recommitted.
Mr. PERCE. I did not yield to the gentle-
man for that purpose.
The gentleman says that this bill has not
been properly considered by the committee.
I think, sir, that perhaps the bill has been
passed upon by more members of the com-
mittee than usually act upon the bills presented
to the House; for we very seldom geta quorum
of the committee together, never more than a
quorum. I believe this bill has been submitted
to almost every member of the c&mmittee, and
they have all had an opportunity to investigate
the matter as they saw fit. The case is just
this: the Government is in possession of a
barracks situated upon the bluffs at Natchez,
for which it has no earthly use. It stands there
as a monument of folly; as the remains of a
big "job." The Secretary of the Treasury
must certainly know whether it is of any value
to the Government or not; he must know
whether he is interfering with any vested rights
when he oifers these buildings and grounds for
sale, and when, in fact, he does sell grounds
of similar character.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PERCE. No, sir; I have already yielded
to the gentleman a considerable portion of
time.
The building itself is going to ruin. There
is no physician stationed there by the Govern-
ment. The building will go to decay or else
cost the Government for keeping it m repair
more than it will bring at any sale that can be
made of it.
Mr. KELSEY. How much land is there
uomiected with this marine hospital?
Mr. PERCE. About six or seven acres.
Mr. KELSEY. Worth how much; that is,
how much are the laud and building worth?
Mr. PERCE. The laud and building were
put up at auction last fall, and after three
months' notice they had a bid of $11,850^ for
the building and the land connected with it.
Mr. ALLISON. Why do they not sell it?
Mr. PERCE. Because the building cost
more, and they thought the bid was entirely
too small.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I hope the gentleman from
Mississippi will allow me to make an inquiry.
Mr. PERCE. I will yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] who is a
member of the committee.
Mr. HOAIi. It seems to me if the members
of the House would consider this question for
a moment it is one which will receive a unan-
imous assent.
Mr. TRIMBLE. _ I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a moment for
an inquiry, the answer to which will control
my vote on this question.
Mr. HOAR. I will yield to the gentleman
for an inquiry.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether it is not a fact that the
Government of the United States to-day col-
lects from our mariners on the western waters
a large amount of money monthly, the object
being to keep up these marine hospitals where
these men may be taken care of in times of
sickness ? I ask him whether the Government
is not to-day receiving this money, and whether
it is not intended that it should be used in keep-
ing up these hospitals for the purpose of taking
care of these men when sick?
Mr. HOAR. It may be so; I am not in-
framed about that fact.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Is it right for the Govern-
ment of the United States, when collecting
this money from these mariners, to dispose of
this hospital which these men have paid their
money to build ?
Mr. HOAR. The mariners have not paid
their money to build this hospital. It was paid
for by the Government itself.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I understand that the
amount of money paid by these mariners has
built every marine hospital in the country.
Mr. HOLM AN. I hope the gentleman from
Mississippi will allow me to ask him a ques-
tion.
Mr. HOAR. I have the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Perhaps, then, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts can answer me. This
is manifestly connected with our commerce,
and my question is whether this subject has
been considered by the Committee on Com-
merce, and whether it has been approved and
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. HOAR. The effect of this bill will in
no way diminish the existing accommodations
or the existing arrangements for taking care of
the mariners or other persons who are entitled
to the benefits of those marine hospitals upon
our western waters. This is a hospital which
has been found on trial comparatively useless
for the purposes for which it was intended. It
is a hospital which the Government is justified
in getting rid of. We do not say that these
mariners shall not have the'same accommoda-
tions hereafter that they have had before,
bccause there are other hospitals to which
they can be sent. This hospital is not suit-
able for the purpose, and the Secretary of the
Treasury has offered the building for sale. It
has a breadth of one hundred and fifteen feet.
I have forgotten the length. It isa large three-
story building. If it be sold, as it will bo if
this does not pass, it will bring a small pit-
tance of not more than ten or twelve thousand
dollars.
The question is whether the llouss is will-
ing under these circumstances to make this
budding a means of starting an important State
institution for the purpose of education. The
bill provides that if the State of Mississippi
shall within three years establish and endow a
State university with all the means proper for
a university education then this building shall
be ceded to that State; but that otherwise it
shall revert to the Government to be sold for
the value of its brick and mortar.
Now, sir, everybody who is conversant with
the history of our universities in this country
knows they all had their origin in some little
assistance given to them in the nature of sup-
port, which some public-spirited individual or
some government has given them. Harvard
College took its rise from a little gift of books
on the part of John Harvard. Yale had its
rise in a similar way. By giving this useless
pile of brick and mortar to one of the newly
reconstructed States there is some reasonable
prospect that that State will establish a State
institution of learning which will be of vast
benefit to that portion of the people of the
United States.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. What did that build-
ing cost originally?
Mr. HOAR. Somewhere in the neighbor- _
hood of §60,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It cost, as I under-
stand, the sum of $GG,000.
Mr. HOAR. Yes, sir; nearly that; and it
would cost to build a university building like
it a large sum, as large a sum as the erection
of this building cost, or larger. Now, if any
gentleman of ample wealth was the proprietor
of this building, worth $70,000, but which he
could not sell for §10,000, and were to say to
the State of Mississippi,/'I will present this
building to you on condition that you endow it
as an institution of learning for the benefit of
the State," and if the State were desirous of
endowing such an institution—I say, if any
liberal-minded man were to make such a use
of his private property, he would be doing
what might be expected of him under the cir-
cumstances, and would he making the same
use of his property as Congress is asked to
make of this Government property by this bill.
We all have an interest in the education of
these people at the South. And, if constitu-
tional objections are urged, obtained by put-
ting a narrow construction on the Constitution,
I think there can scarcely be any gentleman
on this floor who would not be willing to go to
the verge of what he deems his constitutional
power in order to aid the education of the
ignorant classes at the South. It is a matter
not merely desirable, but essential, that by
every practicable mode Congress should aid
in the speedy and instant raising up of these
southern masses from the ignorance under
which they now suffer.
Mr. WELKER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts what evidence he has
or what statement he can make to satisfy the
House that this marine hospital in not needed
for commercial purposes. I agree with him
as to his general proposition, and if the build-
ing is not needed for purposes of commerce I
will support the measure.
Mr. HOAR. The evidence is, in the first
place, the statement of one of the members
ot the committee, on his own personal knowl-
edge, that the building has not been used as a
marine hospital for a long time. A second
evidence is the fact that the Government
offered the building for sale last fall, and that
the only reason why it was not sold was
because they could not get a bid for it. A
third evidence is, as has already been stated
by my colleague on the committee, that say
colleague called on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to inquire whether the facts alleged were
true, and that the Secretary concurred in the
proposition now before the House, and hoped
the bill would pass.
Mr. WELKER. Why were not the Com-
mittee on Commerce consulted?
Mr. HOAR. I will explain why the Com-
mittee on Commerce were not consulted. Long
before this bill came here the building had
ceased to be appropriated to the purposes of
commerce, and had become simply an old
building in possession of the Government;
and it was about to be disposed of, and had
in fact been offered for sale. I yield now to
the gentleman from NewY'ork, [Mr. Potteb.]
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Wblkeh] has anticipated a question which
I rose a short time ago to put to the gentleman
from Massachusetts!. I desire, however, to
inquire further, whether he is not aware that
the fund collected by the Government from
sailors ami marines is insufficient to maintain
the marine hospitals, and that abill is now under
consideration, the object of which is to increase
the revenue from shipping in order to augment
that fund ? If that fund should be augmented,
as proposed, might it not serve to sustain this
hospital which we are now asked to sell ? And
in any event ought not the hospital to be sold
and the proceeds paid to a fund for maintain-
ing the charity in connection with which this
hospital was built?
Mr. HOAR. I understand that there is an
ample provision of hospitals on the Mississippi
river at other points, and that this building will
not be required to be used as a hospital.
Mr. DIXON. There was an act passed some
three or four years ago authorizing the sale of
certain marine hospitals. The marine hospi-
tals were built, many of them, in plaees where
it was unnecessary they should be built, where
but few sailors could be benefited by them.
They were built mainly for the purpose of
building up the towns where they were situ-
ated. In the first place there was a fund which
was called the hospital fund, arising from a tax-
ation upon seamen of twenty cents a month,
for a period of thirty or forty years that fund
had supported all the disabled seamen, and
there was a surplus. Out of this a sum of
