8144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
him a credit for whatever sum appears to be
due from him on the books of tho Depart-
ment.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, to insert at the
end of the first section the following proviso :
Provided, That Ensigns William E. Uhler, George
K. Bower, George K. Adams, James C. Hull, and
Charles A, Copp, who were lost in the said vessel,
shall be considered as having been eommission«d ns
cnj'gns, and entitled to pay as such from April 19,
1S09. the date from which they were entitled to rank
as ensigns, according to their commissions, signed by
the President, but not received by them.
Mr. CRAGIN. If it is within my power to
do so I propose to withdraw that amendment
and offer another.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senator from New Hampshire
withdraws the amendment reported by himself
from the Committee on Naval Affairs. The
Chair hears no objection. The Senator from
New Hampshire now offers an amendment
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, which
will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add to the first section the following
words:
And the said accounting officers are hereby au-
thorised, in adjusting the accounts of such of the
officers who were lost on board the ODeida as were
entitled by law or regulation to examination for
promotion, to allow them the increased par from
the date they became entitled to examination ; and
the Secretary of the Xavy is authorised to issue the
commissions of those who were confirmed by the
Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thebill was reported to the Senate as amend- :
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will simply state that this
bill is in accordance with several precedents ;
for instance, the precedents in the cases of
the Cumberland and the Congress, which were
destroyed by the Merrimac, and some earlier
cases, only varying in accordance with the
circumstances. The amendment which I have
offered simply proposes to allow certain officers
who being absent were not examined when the
rest of their class were examined, but who
bave been confirmed by the Senate, this winter
a portion of them, a few of them since their
death, increased pay from the time they be-
came entitled to examination ; and it author-
izes the Secretary of the Navy to issue the
Commissions in two or three cases.
The Mil was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, Was read the third time, and
passed.
ADOLPH KUEHN.
Mr. HAMLIN. Some time since the me-
morial of Adolph Kuehn, praying for compen-
sation as second lieutenant, less his pay as first
sergeant, from January 18, 1865^ to July 29,
1865, was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. They considered it without the
«videncewhich is in the War Department,and
they asked to be discharged from its further
consideration. I ask that the papers may be re-
referred to the committee, in order that the
memorialist may be enabled to furnish the
committee with the evidence that is in the War
Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Maine asks that the papers in the case men-
tioned by him be re-referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. The Chair hears no
objection, and it is so ordered.
JOSEPH 8HELT0N.
Thebill (S. No. 798) granting a pension to
.Joseph Shelton was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is directed by the I
bill to place the name of Joseph Shelton, late
a private in company A of the thirteenth regi-
ment of Kansas volunteers, upon the pension-
roll of the United States, at the rate of four
dollars per month from the 22d of November,
1862.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ANNA M. HOWARD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 799) for the relief of AnnaM. Howard ;
which was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The bill directs
the Secretary of the Interior to pay to Anna
M. Howard, mother of George W. Howard,
late a private in company E in the eleventh
regiment of New Jersey volunteers, arrears of
pension at the rate of eight dollars per month,
from the 22d of April. 1863, the date of her
son's discharge, to the 12th of February, 1864,
the date of his death.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ROSWELL M. SIICRTLEFF.
The, next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 208) for the relief
oflioswell M. Shurtleff, of New York; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution requires the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to audit and
pay to Roswell M. Shurtleff, of New York city,
as first lieutenant and adjutant of the naval
brigade and Union coast guard, organized in
May, 1861, by Colonel Washington A. Bart-
lett, of New York, the pay and emoluments
of first lieutenant and adjutant, for military
service rendered by him without having been
mustered into the United States service, from
May 15,1861, to July 23,1862, deducting there-
from the amount received by him from the
United States as a prisoner of war at Rich-
mond, Virginia.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
J. R. CALLAHAN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 453) granting a pension to J. R. Calla-
han, of Chariton, Iowa; which was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of J. R. Callahan, of Chariton, Iowa, who was
a volunteer serving with the first regiment of
Ohio volunteers in the war of 1812, and to
pay him a pension at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence on the 1st of Janu-
ary, 1869, and to continue during his natural
life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
AMANDA M. RITCIIEY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 808) granting a pension to Amanda M.
Ritchey; which was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Amanda M. Ritchey, widow of
Powers Ritchey, late a contract surgeon in the
United States Army, upon the peusion-roll,
and to pay her a pension at the rate of seven-
teen dollars per month from the 12th of March,
1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARY A. FILLER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 809) granting a pension to Mary A.
Filler; which was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is directed by the
bill to place the name of Mary A. Filler, foster-
mother of Henry Drenning, late a private in
company K, of the fifty-fifth regiment of Penn-
sylvania volunteers, upon the pension-roll, and
to pay her a pension at the rate of eight dollars
itaonth from the 4th of March, 1870.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
INDIAN APPUOPIUATION HILL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1109) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations, so called, with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1871, and for
other purposes.
Mr. POMEROY, I suppose we cannot con-
sider that bill to-day. I ask that it be passed
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
VOYAGE TO THE ARCTIC REGIONS.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 100) relative to a
voyage to the Arctic regions.
The Committee on Foreign Relations re-
ported the joint resolation with an amend-
ment, which was to strike out the preamble
and all of the original resolution, in the fol-
lowing words:
Whereas Captain C. F. Hall is an enterprising and
experienced explorer, who has mado two successful
voyages in the Arctio regions, and whereas he desires,
in the interest of science and for tho material advan-
tage of his country, to make a voyage of exploration
and discovery under the authority and for the bene-
fit of the United States: Therefore,
lie it resolved, &c„ That the President be, and he
is heroby, authorized to furnish a naval or other
steamor, and.it necessary, a tonder, for a voyage in to
the Arc-tic regions under the -control of Captain C.
F. Hall.
Sec. 2. And be it further retolved. That the sum of
9100,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated by law, which sum, or 30 much thereof as
[ may be requisite, shall be paid out on the order and
expended under the direction of the President in
proper and necessary expenses of said voyage.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Be it retolved, &e., That the President of the United
States be authorized to organize and send out one or
more expeditions for Arctio explorations toward tho
north pole, and to appoint such person or persons
as be may deem most fitted to the command thereof;
to detail any officer of the publio service to take part
in the same, and to use any public vessel that may
be suitable for the purpose; the scientific operations
. of the expeditions to be prescribed in accordance
; with the advice of tho National Academy of Sciences,
1 and that a sum of $100,000^ or such part thereof as
may be necessary, be hereby appropriated out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to be expended under the direction of the President.
Mr. WILLIAMS. . I think that had better
go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
BALE OF INDIAN LANDS IN KANSAS.
The next business on . the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 177) for the sale
of certain Indian lands in Kansas; which was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The joint resolution
authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to sell
and convey by patents, to be issued to the per-
sons occupying the same, who have made set-
tlement and improvement, as required by the
preemption laws of the United States, the lands
which were allotted to certain New. York In-
dians who removed to Kansas, and for which
certificates for three hundred and twenty acres
of land each were issued to the Indians on the
1st of September, 1860, on the receipt of pay-
ment in lawful money of the United States at
the rate of $2 50 per acre for each tract, the
payment to be made into the Treasury of the
United States within one year after the passage
of this resolution, in trust for, and to be paid
to the Indian or Indians entitled thereto or
their heirs, upon satisfactory proof of their
identity; but such claims are to be established
within three years after the date of the sales,
and not afterward; and this resolation is not
to affect the rights of any of the Indians hold-
ing certificates to any of the lands now actually
occupied and resided upon by them.
The joint resolution was reported to the
ii Senate without amendment, ordered to be
