1256
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
tion of a territorial government and then admit
it into the Union, because that would be admit-
ting a Territory and not a State.
I admit the authority of Congress to admit
Mississippi as a State, or continue to hold it
and govern it as a Territory ; but I deny that
it can do both at the same time. If you still
lack confidence in that people you should
refuse admission and continue your unlimited
authority. But by admitting her Senators and
Representatives to Congress you declare her
to be a State; for none but States can send
Senators into this Chamber. If she be ad-
mitted as a State, then, sir, your relations to
her and your control over her can only be
measured and determined by the Constitution
of the United States.
This doctrine of " fundamental conditions "
is erroneous, both as regards the State and the
United States. Suppose Congress should to-
day impose upon Mississippi the fundamental
condition that the subject of education in that
State should at all times be regulated by Con-
gress and not by the State, and then suppose
that Congress should next year pass a law
upon that subject, is it not apparent that such an
act would be unconstitutional, for the reason
that Congress can exercise only such powers
as are conferred upon it by the Constitution of
the United States?
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Morton] meets this point of the
argument, as I understand him, by asserting
the power of Congress to do any thing which
in its judgment may be proper to secure the
continuance of republican institutions in a
State which already has a republican form of
State government. I implore my Republican
friends in the Senate to consider it well before
assenting to a dogma which substantially strikes
State governments out of existence. Take the
case of Massachusetts, which, I assume, has a
form of government which satisfies the Con-
stitution ; can it be maintained that Congress,
because it has_ the power to guaranty to that
State a republican form of government, has
the power to legislate so as to regulate her
school system, and everything else which, in
the opinion of these Houses, tends to promote
the continuance and successful operation of
republican institutions ?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that Congress may
do it, and will do it, if the case requires it. I
say that as a Senator of Massachusetts.
Mr. CARPENTER. Very well, sir, if New
England can endure such a doctrine; but for
one I qnter my protest against the doctrine,
the heresy that Congress can interfere with the
domestic concerns of a State which is conceded
to have a republican form of government
under pretence of promoting the continuance
of such government. Think of it, sir, what a
vast expanse of j>ower is covered by that single
sentence I What is there that is valuable in all
our modern civilization that does not tend to
secure the perpetuity of free institutions? Not
schools alone, but religion, the administration
of justice, the regulation of private rights, the
protection of property; indeed, whatever tends
to promote the welfare of the people, or to
dignify our refined human life, all contribute, in
their place and degree, to the operation of free
institutions and the permanence of republican
government. Can you assume control of all
these things ? Can you do so in a State which
you concede has a republican form of govern-
ment already ? Upon this theory the State gov-
ernments are at an end; the honored name of
Massachusetts must disappear from the political
corporations of the world.
Sir, this doctrine cannot be maintained ; it
shakes Ihe foundations of the Constitution; it
threatens the existence of the Government. It
would be a physical impossibility for Congress !
to perform these duties. Confining ourselves j
to the duties imposed upon us by the Consti- i
tution, Congress has all it can properly attend
to. Add to these all the things that are now
consideredand determined by thirty-seven State
Legislatures, and your Government would
break down of its own weight. The theory of
our Government, the wisdom of our compli-
cated machinery, consists in this : that those
matters which equally concern all the States
are committed to this Government, and all
purely domestic matters are confided to the
respective State governments which compose
this Union. Sir, the doctrine contended for
is a heresy, and the dangers which lurk in and
around it cannot be exaggerated.
During the debate on the Virginia bill, one
Senator suggested the idea that these conditions
might be regarded in the light of a compact.
But there are two difficulties, it seems to me,
in the way of this theory. Take the case of
the conditons imposed upon Virginia to illus-
trate what I mean. The relations between the
Union and the States are determined by the
Constitution. By admitting her Senators we
have said that Virginia is a State of the Union.
, To say that those relations are at all affected
by the conditions imposed, that the power of
the State is diminished, or the power of the
Union enlarged, even regarding these condi-
tions as a compact, is to say that the Constitu-
tion of the United States has been amended
by and with the consent of only one State.
But with what propriety can these conditions
be regarded in the light of a compact ? A
compact requires at least two contracting par-
ties. The people of Virginia framed a con-
stitution, and applied to Congress for admis-
sion to the Union with that constitution, which
had been ratified by the people at the polls.
Had the State been simply admitted with the
constitution as presented, the transaction would
bear this resemblance to a contract: that a
proposition made by oneparty had been ac-
cepted by another. But Virginia never asked
to be admitted except with the constitution
which her people had framed. You refused to
admit her with that constitution, thus rejecting
her proposal; but you made a constitution for
her, or, what is the same thing, you took the
constitution she presented ana changed it in
essential particulars, without ter consent, and
then declared her admitted into the Union,
with a constitution she had not framed and to
which her people had never assented. How
can this be called a compact? There is no
pretense of consent on the part of Virginia to
this alteration. Her Senators have taken their
seats in this Chamber; but they have no power '
to consent to a change of the constitution of
that State, nor can any act of theirs have such !
effect. The idea, therefore, that these condi- ;
tions are in the nature of a compact, I-submit, !
cannot be maintained. 1
It has been said during these debates that
if these conditions have no validity they can do
no harm, and may frighten the people of these
States into good behavior. But this is not
quite clear to me. No Government is exempt
from misfortunes, and we may yet witness a
Democratic Administration in power. If these
conditions are valid, they are so because Con-
gress has the power to impose them upon a !
State without its consent. You have sworn
to support the Constitution, and therefore by
enacting these conditions you declare that they
are valid and constitutional.
Now, suppose that some time hence—may
it be a long time, if ever—the Democrats have
a majority in these Chambers, and they say to
you, " True it is that Congress has the consti-
tutional power to impose limiting conditions
on the powers of a State, and in exercising our
discretion we think these conditions which
were imposed upon Virginia and other States,
though perfectly constitutional, were unwise, ,
or have answered their purpose, and we will
therefore repeal them; but there are certain
conditions which, in the exercise of this con- j,
stitutional discretion, we think ought to be
imposed upon the New England States, and
we will therefore impose them," would not
New England Senators think it unfortunate, 11
when struggling in vain against an overwhelm- ll
ing majority to preserve the rights of their
States, that their own votes hud established the
precedent for the use of such dangerous power
by Congress?
And, sir, ifl do not over-estimate some pain-
ful signs of the times, if I do not attach too
much importance to some mutterings of what
i 1 regard as a gathering storm, New England
is the last section of this Republic that should
: give her sanction to such a doctrine. I implore
her Senators to consider it well.
It may be replied that the cases are very
different; that Massachusetts will never rebel,
and that Mississippi has done so. But, sir
this is no answer. By embarking in the rebel-
lion Mississippi destroyed her State govern-
ment, which had been prior to that time a
member of the Union. But, inasmuch as she
could not take an inch of her soil nor a soul
of her people from the authority and control
' of the General Government, it resulted that
she had ceased to be a State, but still remained
a Territory of the United States, subject to
the exclusive power of Congress, like' other
Territories. While in this condition 1 admit
your power to legislate for her people accord-
ing to your discretion, as you may for any
I other Territory.
! But this bill proposes to remit to Mississippi
this consequence of her rebellion, and to termi-
, nate the territorial condition in which she has
continued since she ceased to be a State. You
have authorized her by law to form a State
government, and it is with that government,
not with her territorial condition, that you are
now dealing. The question therefore is not
what you could do with Mississippi while she
remains a Territory merely, but what can you
do with her in the capacity of a State. These
conditions are not intended to have any oper-
ation, except upon the State of Mississippi
subsequent to her admission into the Union
as a State.
As I have already said, I should like it much
better if the policy of our party was not to
admit these States at the present time. But
we have settled that question. They are to be
admitted. Not a Republican in this Chamber
will vote against their admission.
Now, does any Senator maintain that after
Mississippi shall have been admitted, the Gen-
eral Government will have, as regards her, any
different rights or powers than it will possess
in regard to Massachusetts?
It is true now, and unless the Constitution
shall be greatly changed, it will be true in fifty
years from now, that the powers of this Gov-
ernment in regard to the States composiug the
Union are just and only those which are granted
by the Constitution of the United States. This
has not been left to argument and inference.
The Constitution was immediately after its
adoption amended, among other things, to
place this principle beyond dispute.
The tenth article of amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States declares—
" The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution nor prohibited by it to the States,
aro reserved to the States respectively or to the
people."
Now, sir, I ask the advocates of these fund-
amental conditions this qupstion. When Mis-
sissippi shall have been admitted to the Union,
will she not, equally with Massachusetts, be
one of the States to whom and for whose bene-
fit this emphatic provision of the Constitution
reserves all powers not delegated by the Con-
stitution to the United States, or by the Con-
stitution forbidden to the States of the Union?
Is not an act of Congress which seeks to
confer upon this Government a power to be
exercised over a State of this Union which the
Constitution does not confer, or which seeks
to strip a State of this Union, while in the
Union as a State, of a power which is not
forbidden to States by the Constitution, a pal-
pable violation of this provision of the Con-
stitution ?
Now, sir, the Constitution of the United
