1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1257
States does not confer upon the Federal Gov-
ernment the power to alter a State constitution
or amend it in any particular, nor does it for-
bid to a State the power to amend its consti-
tution in some of the particulars covered by
these conditions. Therefore, a law which
forbids a State the right to amend its consti-
tution in these respects is in direct conflict
with this provision of the Constitution, which
declares that all rights are reserved to the
States respectively which are not so granted
or forbidden. In so far as these conditions do ,
not go beyond the provisions of the Constitu-
tion of the United States they are wholly use-
less, because the Constitution would answer
the same purpose. In so far as they do go
beyond it, they are in direct conflict with the
Constitution. _
It is my belief that no man can successfully
maintain the contrary. The conflict between
these fundamental conditions and the above
' quoted provision of the Constitution is not
inferential only; it is in my opinion plain,
direct, and palpable ; so glaring thathe who
runs may read."
If at this point it be said this doctrine will
Deverdo, because it is a dangerous experiment
to allow these States to come so soon into the
Union with the full powers which belong to
States, I frankly reply that I fully share those
painful apprehensions. Looking at the pres-
ent condition of these States, the lawlessness
that sets all authority at defiance, the disregard
of human life, and the contempt for human
rights visible upon the most casual inspection
of Georgia, for instance, I fear we are incur-
ring a painful responsibility to admit her as a
State.
Bat, sir, if these fears are so well grounded
as to influence our action here, then we ought
to take such course as will protect us from the
apprehended danger. We should refuse to
admit these States. This is a remedy, or rather
it is a shield. But we are wasting our time to
devise safeguards which will have no validity.
If Republicans who favor these conditions will
take the only course which can be taken to
insure the future good behavior of these States,
hold them in their present condition by refusing
to admit them until we can see that they have
returned to loyal sentiments, I will vote with
them most cheerfully.
But I do not intend to deceive myself nor
the people by pretending to frame safeguards
which are mere scarecrows, utterly worthless
as a restraint upon the future action of these
States. 1 do not propose to go before the
Republicans of Wisconsin pretending that Con-
gress has taken sufficient measures to' insure
the good conduct of these States in the future,
when I know that the pretended safeguards
are utterly idle for the purpose. I iutend to
vote with the party to admit these States, if
that is to be the programme ; but I will not
pretend to enact a safeguard against their
future bad conduct which I feel and know is
no safeguard whatever.
If a robber applied for admission to my house
I would do one of two things: I would deny
liim admission, or I would admit him without
exhibiting suspicion, thus showing him that I
reposed confidence in him, and appeal to what-
ever of generosity and manhood he might pos-
sess. But I would not admit him and then
insult him by pretending to tie his bands with
a cord which 1 knew and he knew he could
snap asunder in a second.
^ e ought to treat these States in the same
way. If we have confidence in them, admit
them; if we have not, protect ourselves against
them by denying them admission. But to
admit them and then fix upon them these con-
ditions, which have abundant power to irritate
and insult but are utterly worthless to restrain
their future action, is, it seems to me, trifling
^ith a grave subject and committing a great
Mistake of policy.
It lias been hinted in this Chamber that those
Republicans who vote against these conditions
sympathize with rebels, or with Democrats.
This is a strange view of this subject. If I saw
a thief or a murderer in your house, which you
had attempted or were attempting to secure by
insufficient safeguards, and I should point out
to you the defect in your fastenings and show
you how as soon as your back was turned he
would break loose, would you regard me as
the friend of the thief? And yet this is the
logic applied to this subject.
If the Republican party sees its policy to be to
admit these States, very well; I acquiesce and
vote with my party; but do I show a friend-
ship for these rebel States a3 against the loyal
States by trying to point out that what you
rely upon to restrain their actions in the future
is wholly worthless for that purpose?
If in your opinion these States are in such
mood that they are dangerous to the Union
the remedy is to hold them where they are ;
but it is, I fear, worse than idle to admit such
States and then attempt to restrain them by
means which are no restraint, because uncon-
stitutional and void.
Mr. President, I have spoken plainly because
I fear that this measure is fraught with great
dangers; and I promise not to trespass again
upon your time in discussing these questions in
regard to the other States which will apply for
admission—Georgia and Texas. I trust I shall
not be deemed to have attempted to criticise
any other Senator's vote or opinion. Finding
myself differing from those with whom I shall
always act upon all merely political questions
in this Chamber, I have carefully and prayer-
fully reviewed in my own mind all the grounds
of my conclusion and should have been pleased
to reach the opposite conclusion ; but I can-
not vote for these conditions. Every Senator
on such a question must act according to the
light that is in him; and although m^ light
may be darkness to others, it is the only guide
I have, and I may not disregard it.
On the 4th of March last, on coming to my
seat in this Chamber, I was compelled to go
to the desk, and in presence of the President,
the judges of the Supreme Court, the members
of both Houses of Congress, the diplomatic
corps, the officers of the Army and Navy, and
a vast concourse of citizens, all of the grandeur
and dignity which our free institutions can ex-
hibit, I was compelled to take an oath that I
would support the Constitution of the United
States. That oath is fresh in my recollection,
and I cannot, even to enjoy the satisfaction of
concurring with those whose wisdom would be
my guide on a question of party policy, vote
for these conditions, vote to ingraft them upon
this bill, or to retain them there ; because it
is my honest, conscientious belief, however
erroneous that belief may be, that they do
plainly violate the Constitution I have sworn
to support.
Sir, in the course of this debate the charge
has been made and bandied about this Chamber
that those who did not see this matter in the
same light in which it was seen by other Sen-
ators were conspiring to create a conservative
wing of the Republican party to act with the
Democrats in this Chamber. I repel all such
charges.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me to interupt him.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On behalf of the Dem-
ocrats in this Chamber I repel the alliance also.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, will the Sen-
ator allow me.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wish to inquire
whether, in the last remarks made by the hon-
orable Senator, referring to a charge of con-
spiracy, he had any reference to anything that
I have said upon the floor of the Senate ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Five years ago I might
have been embarrassed by such a question as
that; but I have grown wiser. I saw the
Senator from Missouri called to account in a
similar way last week by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and his reply
to that Senator was that he was speaking in
rem, and not in personam. That is my case.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. Then the Senator does not
refer to anything I said?
Mr. CARPENTER. I have not said that I
did not. [Laughter.]
In this connection I may say also to the
authors of these suggestions that the Repub-
licans of Wisconsin do not believe that party
fealty requires any man, or that political wis-
dom demands that any party should rush madly
and blindfolded upon difficulties and dangers
of which no man can see the end, and for
which no man knows a remedy. I say, there-
fore, so far as my action is concerned, I adjourn
it to the only forum that has jurisdiction to
consider it, the Republicans of Wisconsin.
Radicalism, we were told, tears up evil by
the roots. That is true, sir, but the Republi-
cans of Wisconsin do not regard the Constitu-
tion as an evil. They have poured out their
blood to preserve the Constitution, and they
will never reject a Representative who faith-
fully adheres to what he believes to be a con-
stitutional duty, even though they might differ
with him as to his conclusions. Therefore my
colleague and myself run no risk of losing the
confidence of our friends by any difference of
opinion which may exist between us upon this
subject, so long as they believe we are both,
and equally, honest in our opinions.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin stated that the doctrine
which had been enunciated by me, and per-
haps by others, would strike down the State
governments. I tell him, it is the other doc-
trine that has stricken down State govern-
ments and aimed a blow at the Government of
the United States, and that this doctrine is the
, only doctrine which can preserve republican
State governments. He says it is a heresy,
and a heresy that would make Mr. Webster
turn in his grave. I tell him that his doctrine,
in my opinion, is the old State-rights heresy,
and the enunciation of it here to-day will per-
haps, make the dry bones of Calhoun rattle
with joy.
The Senator asks if we would have Con-
gress interfere with the local affairs of a State.
In that sense certainly not, but we will have
Congress interfere with the action of a State
which strikes at the existence of republican
government in that State. What is the effect
| of his doctrine? It is that Congress has no
lj power to preserve a republican government
I in a State, but must wait until it is destroyed,
and then rebuild it. Is the Republican party
of this country willing to stand by the doctrine
, j that we have no power to preserve a repub-
lican government, but can only build it up
after it has been destroyed ? No, sir; we stand
squarely, I take it, upon the other doctrine,
that the power to build up implies the power
to preserve, to prevent destruction. If we
have the power to prevent destruction, to pre-
vent tearing down, we must exercise it by
appropriate means. It can only be done by
means. It cannot be done by speeches, nor
can it be done by resolutions. It must be
done by means, and Congress must be the
judge of what the means shall be.
Mr. President, the Constitution says;
"The United States shall guaranty to eaoh State
in this Union a republican form of government, ana
shall protect each of them against invasion.
There is a vast fund of power that was never
considered until the rebellion. It places the
States under the supervision of the General
Government so far as protecting republican
governments in those States is concerned. W e
did not place it there; our fathers put it there;
and I say that it places every State, Massachu-
setts as well as Mississippi, under the super-
vision of the United States, so far as the pres-
ervation of republican government in the State
is concerned. If the Senator denies that doc-
