1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5038
Who are they?—
ani the protection of the seal fisheries.
There is that very delicate duty imposed
u pou the Secretary of the Treasury, not to grant
a monopoly to a couple of men whose names
are known and who stand out before the world,
not to grant a monopoly to anybody that you
or I know, but to grant a monopoly to such
persons as are selected; but he is to have due
regard to the interests of the Government, to
the interests of the natives, to the interests of
the seals, and to the interests of the parties
who have heretofore been engaged in the seal
fisheries. That is a more delicate and com-
plicated duty than I ever knew to be charged
on any officer of the Government. It seems
to me the puipose which this bill evidently
seems intended to effect should have been more
explicitly stated than it is.
Now, Mr. President, to redeem the pledge
I gave I will relinquish the floor and let this
vote be taken. I ask for the veas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. " The question is
on concurring in the House amendment, upon
which the Senator from Wisconsin asks for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHURZ. I desire to offer another
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has priority.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move to insert at the com-
mencement of the fourth line of section four
the words '' to the highest bidders provided
they be proper and responsible parties." It
will then read thus:
That immediately after the passage of this act the
Secretary of the Treasury shall lease for the rental
mentioned in section six of this act—
Which I understand to be not less than
$50,000—
to the highest bidders, provided they he proper and
responsible parties.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that motion will
not prevail.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It defeats the bill, in
substance.
Mr. SCHURZ. I call for the yeas and nays
on my amendment to the amendment,.
The yeas and nays were not. ordered.
The amendment to the amendment, wa3 re-
jected.
Mr. VICICERS. I move to strike out
"twenty" before the word "years" and in-
sert " ten ;" so as to make the term of the lease
ten years.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected—ayes nine, noes not counted.
Mr. FOWLER. I suggest that in section
five the following lines should be stricken out,
from lines twelve to seventeen :
Every lease shall contain a covenant on the part
of the lessee that he will not keep, sell, furnish, give,
or dispose of any distilled spirits or spirituous liquors
on either of said i&laiids to any ot the natives t,nereoi.
I do not know anything that would be more
useful or more suitable, or that should more
appropriately accompany the bill than that, they
should engage in this business with the natives.
It seems to me a natural accompaniment to
such a business as this that the company ought
to have a risrht to deal in spirits.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
move an amendment?
Mr. FOWLER. No, sir : I merely make
the suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The^question is
on concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives, upon which the yeas and
navs have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 45. r.ays 9; as iollovvs:
YEiS—}ic«n Anthony, T-orcman. Erownlow,
Ossserlv, Chandler. Cole, Conkhu?, Corbetr Uv.gin,
Drake," Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton oi Maryland,
Hamlin, il .n i.m. lliuris. Howard, Howell, Johnston,
KcllofX- McDonald. Morrill ot Maine, Morrill oi
veriuont, Jlorton, Xyo, Osborn, Patterson, rfomeroy,
Pratt. itnmsey, Hovels, Pace, Koss, Sawyer, ^cott,
Hheim.ui, Pncr.'-cr, Stewart, Stockton, 1 hayer. i-inr-
man, Tipton, Warner, Willey, and llliams—
NAYiS-Messrs. Davis, lowler, Howe McOreer?,
Robertson, Schurz, Sumner, Yickcis, and1\ llson-tf.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Edmunds,
Fenton, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Lewis,
Norton, Pool. Saulsbury, Sprague, Trumbull, and
Y ates—-18.
So the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was concurred in.
MARBLE ROOM.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to ask unanimous
consent to make a motion, which I presume
every Senator will agree to, on account of the
heat and the shortness of the residue of the
session ; and tliat is that the Sergeant-at-Arms
be directed for the remainder of the session to
exclude from the ante-room and marble room
all persons not entitled to the privileges of the
floor. Of course, during the winter it has been
used as a reception-room for gentlemen having
business with us. But now, in the heat, any
of us who wish to consult with each other are
obliged to go into the cloak-rooms, which are
dark and hot, and I think that for the remain-
der of the session it would not wrong the pub-
lic if we should have the reception-room and
marble room treated as part of the Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is now an
order adopted by the Senate that no persons
shall be admitted to the marble room except
those introduced by Senators. This to exclude
that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir ; and put it on
the same level as the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermontasks unanimous consent that the mar-
ble room and the rooms back of the Senate
Chamber shall be considered the same as the
Hall of the Senate. The Chairhears no objec-
tion ; and it is so ordered.
Mr. POMEIIOY. For the remainder of the
session?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir. The
lax bill is now before the Senate ; but if there
be no objection the Chair will receive morning
business.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL
Mr. RICE submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2165) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and for other purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
JIXECOTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in obedience to a resolution of the
Senate of the 23d instant, a report of the chief
of engineers on Bulkhead rock, Providence
river, Rhode Island ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
lie also laid before the Senate a report, of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in re-
sponse to a resolution of the Senate of the 17th
instant, a report of Brevet Major General
Warren upon the survey and cutting out ot'
a road from Duluth to the Fort Bois reser-
vation : which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Thomas M. Bass, of Appomattox, Virginia,
praying for the removal of his political dis-
abilities : which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
PAPHUS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Jane Vcrtncr havo leave_ to
Y,-utidiaw from the flies of the Senate her pci.uon
and papers.
jl POUTS OF COMMITTEES,
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
Itelations, reported a joint resolution (S.
li" No. 236) authorizing an exploration and
! survey of the route at Tehuantepec and Niea-
I ragua for a ship-canal between the Atlantic
and Pacific ocean; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following three joint resolu-
tions, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration, and moved that they be indef-
initely postponed ; which was agreed to :
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 63) authoriz-
ing the President to appoint a commission to
make a survey across the Isthmus of Darien
for a ship railway or ship-canal;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 101) for a survey
of a ship-canal across the Isthmus of Tehuan-
tepec ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 160) for a ship
railway or ship-canal across the Isthmus of
Darien.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following papers, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to :
Two resolutions of the Legislature of Cali-
fornia, in favor of the construction of a ship-
canal between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans
across the Isthmus of Darien, or Panama;
A resolution of the American Society of
Civil Engineers, urging upon Congress the pro-
priety of surveying the Tehuantepec Isthmus
before committing the United States or capi-
talists to any route for a ship-canal;
A petition of stockholders of several com-
panies which were formed to establish a com-
munication between the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans, asking that Congress authorize an ex-
amination and survey to be made by United
States officers of the Niearaguan route; and
A petition of Charles Gaylord for protection
and aid in making a survey for a ship railway
across the Isthmus of Darien.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 216) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to dispose of broken sets
of congressional documents and certain other
documents and odd volumes in the custody of
the Department of the Interior, reported it
without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1027) to promote railroad communications
in the southern States ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1028) for the relief of Joshua Hill; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 102!)) to amend the homestead acts for
the benefit of soldiers; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, nnd ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 1030) to preserve the public faith and pro-
tect rights of persons under the laws and treaties
of the United States; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
PROMOTIONS OP NAVAL OPFICBRS.
Mr. SCOTT submitted the following report:
Tht committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House fo t,ho joint resolution (S. K. No. 163) for the
relief of certain officers of the Daw, having met,
alter full and free conference have agreed to rec-
ommend, and do recommend to their respective
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House and agree to the same.
JOHN FCOTT.
A. G. THUKMAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Ot. W. SCO FIELD,
V. I'. DYER,
EUUENE HALE,
Managers on the pari of the House.
Mr. NYE, What is that?
