1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4089
register to the bark Live Oak, and to the ship
of Boston.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the Secretary of theTreasury to issuean Ameri-
can register to the British bark Live Oak,
owned by citizens of New Bedford, Massachu-
setts, and to the ship Agra, of Boston, owned
by Thomas B. Wales & Co.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOLM AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KEECNDING OF TAXES.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. JR. No. 2113) to refund taxes
improperly collected; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
DONATION OF CAPTURED ORDNANCE.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (II. R. No. 304) au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to place at
the disposal of the judges of the county court
of Greene county, State of Missouri, certain
captured ordnance; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
War to place at the disposal of the judges of
the county court of the county of Greene, State
of Missouri, eight captured twelve-pounder
guns, of obsolete pattern, now condemned,
and in store at the Rock Island arsenal, to be
placed m Franklin square, North Springfield,
Missouri, around the monument to be erected
to the memory of the late Brigadier General
Nathaniel Lyoti, and the Federal soldiers who
fell with him at the battle of Wilson's creek.
Mr. MAYNARD. Several bills of this kind
have been brought in, and I have felt it my duty
to object to them all, except where they have
received the consideration of a committee.
Mr. BOYD. The Committee on Military
Affairs are unanimously in favor of this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD Has it been before the
committee, and have they approved it?
Mr. BOYD. Yes, sir.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BOYD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARSENAL GROUNDS, ST. LOUIS.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous eon-
sent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No.
80-j) concerning the arsenal grounds at St.
Louis, Missouri; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee oil
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
GOVmiNJlENT EXCHANGE AT LISBON.
Mr. SLOC'JM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy bo re-
aue&ted to communicate to fcbi& House, it not incom-
patible with the public interest*, any correspondence
his Detriment may have had with the late fleet
paymaster of the United States European squadron,
relit! i\ e toiates oi Government exchange at Lisbon.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the ruble.
The hitter motion was agreed to.
liAlLII'T OF COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
back Senate bill No. 97. to fix the salary of the
bailiff of the Court of Claims, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
and after the passage of this 'act the aunual
salary of the bailiff of the Court of Claims shall
be at the rate of $1,500 per annum, to be paid
as now provided by law.
Mr. HODMAN. What is it now ?
Mr. BINGHAM. One thousand dollars,
which is not enough-to enable'him to keep bis
family here.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly rea.d the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MINTS AND* ASSAY OFFICES.
Mr. ARMSTRONG, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to t'urnish to this House
copies of all correspondence between the Department
and officeis of the different mints and assay offices,
and other persons, touching a bill and report sub-
mitted April 2), 1S70, by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to the Finance Committee of the Senate to revise
the laws relative to ilie mints, assay offices, and coin-
ago of the United States.
Mr. ARMSTRONG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BCJDGCS OVKR ALABAMA RIVER.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, by unanimous
consent, moved to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 263, to establish certain
post roads in the State of Alabama, and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up and read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, proposes to give the
consent of Congress to the erection of a draw-
bridge over the Alabama river, near the city ol
Selma, by the Western Railroad Company of
the State of Alabama, in accordance with an
act of the Legislature of the State incorporating
the company. It, also gives the consent of Con-
gress to the'erection of a draw-bridge over the
Alabama river, above the city of Montgomery,
by the South and North Alabama Railroad
Company, in accordance with the act of the
Legislature incorporating the company. These
draw-bridges are to be respectively constructed
in such a manner as not materially or substan-
tially to obstruct the free navigation of the
river. Congress reserves the right to withdraw
the assent hereby given as to either or both of
the companies in case the free navigation of the
river shall be at any time materially or sub-
stantially obstructed by either or both of the
bridges. The bridges, when completed in the
manner specified in the acts of incorporation,
are to be deemed and taken to be legal struc-
tures, and are, with the railroads of which they
are parts, to be post roads for the transmission
of the mails of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to have
some short statement in reference to this bill.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. It has been
passed unanimously by the Senate. It^ has
been considered by the Committee on Com-
merce, and its passage recommended, with cer-
tain amendments.
The Clerk read the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, as follows:
After the word "constructed," in the eighth line
of the second section, add the following words: so
as to cross the stream at right-angles with the cur-
rent; and tho approaches to said draws ?hail be pro-
tected by piers or other means, that boats may cuter
the draws wita safety." ff ,
After the word "manner,' in tho fourth lmeoi tho
second sermon, add the word " otherwise.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, moved to re-
consider the vote by whicTithe bill was,passed ;
and also moved that the motion to "reconsider
be laid on the table. ' * ; 1 '
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. E. GRACE STEVENS. , " . ,
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, with the recommendation thai
it do pass, the joint resolution (S. R. No. 137)
for the relief of Mrs. E. Grace Stevens. • •
The joint resolution-was read. It is a direc-
tion to the Secretary of the Treasury to cause
to be paid to Mrs. E. Grace Stevens, widow
of H. K. Stevens, late a lieutenant in the
United States Navy, the sum of $030, being the
amount reserved out of his pay as such lieuten-
ant, upon an allotment ticket for her benefit,
while he was at sea on board the United States
ship.Portsmouth,
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be read a third time.
_ Mr. STA.RKWEATHER. I call the pre-
vious question,
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be read a third time; and it was, accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vtffe' by which the joint resolution
was passed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HAIL COMMUNICATION WITH SOUTH AMERICA.
Mr. BROOKS, of N"ew York, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2'114)to provide for carrying the mails between
tho United States and the countries ljping on
the west coast of South America; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (Ii. R. No. 1977) to supply a defi-
ciency in the appropriation for compensation
and mileage of members of the House of
Representatives and Delegates from Territo-
ries for the fiscal year ending June 30, in the
year 1870, and for other purposes.
ASSISTANT TREASURER IN BALTIMORE.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to report from the Com-;
mittee of Ways and Means the bill which.!
presented the other morning in relation to
the appointment of an Assistant Treasurer in
Baltimore, and which was then objected to.
There was no objection.
The bill (H. R. No. 2115) to provide for
the appointment of an Assistant Treasurer of
the United States in Baltimore was received,
and was read a first and second time. _
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read the third time.
The bill was read. In its first section it pro-
poses that in addition to the officers provided
for in the fifth section of the act approved
August 6,1840, eutitled "An act to provide for
the better organization of the Treasury and for
the collection and safe-keeping and disburse-
ment of the public revenue," there shall be
appointed an Assistant Treasurer of the United
States, to be located in the-city of Baltimore,
in the State of Maryland ; and such Assistant
Treasurer shall be appointed in like manner,
for like time, and be subject to all the pcovis-
! ions of law to which the other Assistant ireas-
| urers provided for in said fifth section are
Ae second section provides that there shall
be provided within the custom-house in the
city of Baltimore, in the State of Maryland,
suitable and convenient rooms for the use ot
