4090
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jime 4,
fhe Assistant Treasurer herein authorized,
and sufficient and secure fire-proof vaults and
safes for the keeping of all the public moneys
deposited with him; and the said Assistant
Treasurer shall have the custody and care of
said rooms, vaults, and safes respectively, and
of alt the public moneys deposited therein, and
shall perform all the duties required to be per-
formed by United States Assistant Treasurers
in reference to the receipt, safe-keeping, trans-
fer, and disbursement of such moneys; pro-
vided that the rooms and vaults now used by
the United States designated depositary at
Baltimore shall be set apart for the purposes
named in this section so far as they may be
applicable.
The third section provides that upon the
appointment and qualification of said Assist-
ant Treasurer the Secretary of the Treasury
shall revoke the designation as a United States
depositary of the collector of customs at Bal-
timore, and shall direct the transfer of all the
books, accounts, vouchers, property, and pub-
lic moneys in the office of said depositary to
the office of said Assistant Treasurer.
The fourth section provides that the Assist-
ant. Treasurer directed by this act to be appointed
shall receive a salary of $5,000 per annum,
to be paid quarter yearly at the Treasury of
the United States, which salary shall be in full
for all his services, and a sufficient amount, to
pay such salary until June 30, 1870, is hereby
appropriated.
The fifth section provides that the United
States Assistant Treasurer herein provided for,
with the approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, may appoint the #ame number of clerks
and messengers in his office, and at the same
compensation, as now provided for by law at
the office of the United States depositary in
Baltimore, and all unexpended balances of
money heretofore appropriated, or that may
be appropriated, for the pay ment of the clerks
and messengers appointed in the office of the
Assistant Treasurer under this act.
The sixth and last section of the bill pro-
vides that there shall be appropriated and paid,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $1,000, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury for such repairs and additions
as may be necessary to put in good condition
for immediate use the office, rooms, vaults, and
safes herein mentioned, and in the purchase
of any additional furniture or fixtures, or in
defraying any other necessary expenses to carry
this act into effect.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am informed that
it is necessary that this bill should be passed
as soon as possible. I think there can be no
objection to it.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Is
there to be no morning hour?
Ihe SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the internal tax bill; but the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] who has charge
of the bill, has consented to yield to such busi-
ness as may give rise to no debate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
cutting off the morning hour will delay a great
deal of private business which committees are
prepared to report.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope gentlemen maybe
able to have a morning hour to-day after we
shall have got through the tax bill. I now call
for the regular order.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 2045) to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes.
The pending question is upon seconding the
previous question upon the last section of the
bill and the amendments pending thereto.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Having been absent
yesterday during the votes in relation to the
income tax, I desire to state that on that sub-
ject I was paired with Mr. Dickey, my col-
league, who would have voted for the contin-
uance of the tax, while I would have voted
against it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the question is
taken I desire to state exactly what my amend-
ment is. It is to insert in the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
after the words " sections ninety-eight to one
hundred and sixty-seven, inclusive," the words
"except section one hupdred and three, as
amended by the act of July 13, 1866."
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 74, noes 29; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Stevenson were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes ninety-three,
noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon the amendment of Mr. Holman to
the amendment of Mr. Schenck.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck]
what would be the effect of the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman?]
Mr. TWICHELL. It taxes gross receipts,
which is a gross injustice.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask that the section
which it is proposed to except from repeal shall
be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read the section, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That every person, firm,
company, or corporation, owning or possessing or
having the care or management of any railroad,
canal, steamboat, ship, barge, canal-boat, or other
vessel, or any stage coach or other vehicle, except
hacks or carriages not running on continuous routes
engaged or employed in the business of transporting
passengers for hire, or in transporting the mails of
the United States upon contracts made prior to Au-
gust 1, 1860, shall be subject to and pay a tax of two
and a half per cent, of the gross receipts from pas-
sengers and mails of such railroad, canal, steam-
boat, ship, barge, canal-boat, or other vessel, or such
stage coach or other vehicle: Provided, That the tax
horcby imposed sh.ill not be assessed upon receipts
for the transportation of persons or mails between
the United States and any foreign port; but such
tax shall be assessed upon the transportation of per-
sons from a port within the United States through
a foreign territory to a port within the United States,
and shall be assessed upon and collected from per-
sons, firms, companies, or corporations within the
United States, receiving hire or pay for such trans-
portation of persons or mails; and so much of sec-
tion one hundred and nine as requires returns to be
made of receipts hereby exempted from tax when
derived from transporting property for hire is here-
by repealed: Provided also, That any person or per-
sons, firms, companies, or corporations owning, pos-
sessing, or having the care or management of any
toll-road, ferry, or bridge, authorized by law to
receive toll for the transit of passengers, beasts, car-
riages, teams, and freight of any description, over
sucn toll-road, ferry, or bridge, shall be subject to
and pay a, tax of three per cent, of the gross amount
of all tneir receipts of every description; but when
the gross receipts of any such bridge or toll-road,
for and during any term of twelve consecutive
calendar months, shall not exceed the amount neces-
sarily expended during said term to keep such
bridge or road in repair, no tax shall bo assessed upon
such receipts during the month next following any
such term : Provided further. That all such persons,
companies, and corporations shall, until the 30th
day of April, 1367, have the right to add the tax
imposed hereby to their rates of fare whenever
their liability thereto may commence, any limita-
tions which may exist by law or by agreement with
any person or company which may have paid or be
liable to pay such fare to the contrary notwithstand-
ing. And whenever the addition to any fare shall
amount only to thefraction of onecent. any person or
company, liable to thetax of twoand a half per cent
may add to such fare ono cent in lieu of such fraction"
and such person or company shall keep for sale at
convenient points tickets in packages of twentv and
multiples of twenty, to the price of which only an
amount equal to the revenue tax shall bo added •
Andprovided further, That no tax under the fore-
going provisions of this section shall be assessed
upon any person, firm, company, or corporation,
whose gross receipts do not exceed $1,000 per annum:
And pi ovided-further. That all boats, barges, and
flats not used for carrying passengers, nor propelled
by steam or sails, which are floated or towed by
tug-boats or horses, aud used exclusively for carry-
ing coal, oil, minerals, or agricultural products to
market, shall be required hereafter, in lieu of
enrollment foes or tonnage tax, to pay an annual
special tax, for each and every such boat of a capa-
city exceeding twenty-five tons, and not exceeding
one hundred tons, five dollars; and when exceeding
one hundred tons, as aforesaid, shall be required to
pay ten dollars; and said'tax shall be assessed and
collected as other special taxes provided for in this
act.
Mr. WELKER. I ask unanimous consent
to ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. Schenck] how much the rev-
enue will be reduced by the amendments which
have already been made to the internal tax bill,
and how much will be added by the adoption
of the amendment of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. SARGENT. I object to debate.
The question was taken upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Holman to the amendment
moved by Mr. Schenck ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 27, noes 92.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Schenck, as follows:
Strike out of section forty-six all after the enact-
ing clause down to the first proviso and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That sections seventy-oneto eighty-six, inclusive,
and section ninety-four and sections ninety-eight to
one hundred and sixty-seven, inclusive, and sections
ono hundred and sixty-nine, one hundred and sev-
enty, and one hundred and seventy-eight of the act
of June 30, 1864, chapter one hundred and seventy-
three, and so much of all acts as are amendatory
thereof; also, sections six and thirteen of the act of
March 3,1865, chapter seventy-eight, and so much
of all acts as are amendatory thereof; also, sections
one and thirteen of the act of March 31, 1868, chap-
ter forty-one, be, and are hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. The bill having been gone
through,I now propose to offer some additional
sections in relation to tariff duties. I will first
ask the formal order of the House for their
printing, although I have had them printed for
the convenience of members.
The order was accordingly made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now offer the first of
the printed sections, and after a few words of
explanation I propose to call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope not.
Mr. SCHENCK. I intend to do just that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Schenck] to allow me to move a verbal amend-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would be glad to oblige
my colleague [Mr. Bingham] particularly, but
I cannot yield for any amendment whatever.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
make an inquiry in relation to the manner in
which this amendment comes before the House.
How is the amendment before the House?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is offered by the Rep-
resentative from the third congressional district
of the State of Ohio.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It does not
come from the Committee of Ways and Means,
or on behalf of that committee?
Mr. SCHENCK. No; but I hope it will be
supported by a majority of the members of that
committee.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I give notice that I will
not yield to any interruption.
Mr. CULLOM. The amendment ought to
be read before the gentleman makes his speech.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman insists
on his point of order the amendment will be
read.
Mr. PAINE. That was the point of order
I was about to submit.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
proposed to make a brief explanation and then
have the amendment read.
