2202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
calcined plaster, Paris white, soda, and other
articles, are concerned in the demand that the
potteries be sufficiently protected.
I can give no more correct or better idea of
the pottery interest in New Jersey than a simpl e
statement of the facts which have been fur-
nished me:
Potteries established at Trenton, Nm Jersey, January,
187°- Kilns.
The Greenwood Pottery Company  5
The American Crockery Company  4
Y ates & Titus '■  «
John Moses & Co  
The East Trenton Porcelain Company  4
C. S. Cook & Co  2
The Trenton Pottery Company  5
The National Pottery Company  2
The Mercer Pottery Company  '1
Millington & Astbury  4
Bioor, Ott & Brewer  £
Coxon & Co  i
Ifonry Speolcr & Sons  4
William Young & Sons   5
Martin, Tams & Potts, Alorrisvillo, Pennsyl-
vania, (opposite Trenton)  1
Total number of white-ware kilns  53
Yellow-ware manufacturers.
J.W.Cory  2
Dickinson & Maps    1
Page & Co...  1
Total number in Trenton and vicinity 57
These pstteries represent in real estate,
stocks of ware and materials, and bills and ac-
counts receivable a capital of about $1,500,000.
If worked to their full capacity, each of the
above kilns ought to produce annually ware
to the value of $35,000. Thus worked, there
would be consumed 30,000 tons of coal and
30,000 tons of prepared clay.
From the above statement the capacity of
the potteries of Trenton, New Jersey, alone
will show that they are sufficient for the pro-
duction of a very large quantity of earthen-
ware. They have capacity to employ from 1,200
to 1,500 hands, to whom would be paid a weekly
amount of wages of $10,000. The increase of
the pottery interest in the United States since
1800, and to which I have heretofore referred,
and the extent of that increase, may be very
properly inferred from a comparison of the
capital, capacity, annual products, &c., of the
potteries in Trenton, Now Jersey, in 1860, as
shown in the table to which [ directed atten-
tion, and their present condition as shown by
the above statement. In 1860 the capital in-
vested in the potteries at Trenton. New Jersey,
was $140,200, against a capital of $1,500,000
in 1870. In 1860 they employed SO I hands;
in 1870 from 1,200 to 1,500, when the business
is being prosccuted. Ju 1800 the annual value
of products was $253,480; in 1870, if worked
to their full capacity, over $2,000,000.
The same influences that have controlled the
development of this interest in New Jersey
have operated throughout the whole country,
and it is fair to presume in the absence of the
actual facts, that the increase both in numbers
and capacity of the potteries in the different
States has been proportionately equal. From
the rapid increase in the number and capacity
of the potteries in this country, if they are suf-
ficiently protected by this bill, it is evident that
the United States are no longer dependent upon
Staffordshire for her whole supply of earthen-
ware, or "queensware" as it is often called.
It is stated to be a fact, and I do not think tho
statement can be contradicted, that many of
the American potteries are now producing
white-ware equal, if not superior to English of
the same grade. Every ingredient necessary
is now being developed here, and we are in
fact now using American clays, flint, spar,
lead, and all the other articles used in its pro-
duction, except the one article of boracic acid.
Mr. Stephens, in writing to me in regard to
the pottery interests of New Jersey, and the
reasons for additional protection, says :
" There is in reality but one reason for this claim
to be protected by the tariff. It is the chief reason
in all cases, but is especially sound, just, and con-
clusive in the present instance; that is the difference
of the eost of labor in favor of the foreign manufac-
turer. In every other particular there is equality,
the materials all being home products.
"Here is a branch of manufactures into which
labor, manual labor, from first to last, from the
mining of the material to the shipmentof tho manu-
factured article, enters as tho chief item of eost.
Coal and labor are almostsynonymous terms; so are
clay and labor, so arc quartz, feldspar, and labor.
The difference against the American manufacturer
in the production of these materials and their eon-
version into ware is certainly more than tho 50 per
cent, duty now asked for.
" There is probably no manufactured article in the
production of which less labor-saving appliances in
tho way of machinery are used than in crockery.
Nothing has yet been invented, and the art has been
practiced from tho earliest ages, to take the place of
the human hand in tho delicate manipulation of the
clay. It i3 yet in the hand of the potter. Itis asked
that tho duty on crockery be made 50 per cent.—
"1. Because there is already established in tho
United States a largo number of potteries whose
capacity is sufficient to produce a largo traction ot
the supply of wares used in this country.
'' 2. Because tho materials used are home products,
and when the pottery interest is protected tho other
interests are also cared for; and because wealth is
thus by their development added to many sections
of the country.
'"3. Beeauso it is an interest in the welfare of which
many localities are intcrestod, both East and West,
North and South.
" 4. Becauso manual labor is tho principal item of
eost, being at least (iO per cent, of tho whole value
of tho manufactured article."
Mr. Stephens further writes ;
"Wero it practicable, specific rates of duty—say so
much per cubic foot on the package—would bo much
better for revenue, aswell as for ourprotection,than
ad valorem rates. We feci satisfied that we are now
defrauded of a portion of our protection by tho pas-
sago of goods through tho custoin-houso on lalso
invoices, which could not bo dono readily wero tho
rates specific. The duty is now levied upon the
whole cost of importation—goods, packages, foreign
chaiges, &c. It is very important to tho potteiics
that this principle lie retained. A change in this
particular would mako quite a difference in our pro-
tection, our wares being vory bulky compared with
their valuo and requiring largo andexponsive pack-
ages. llotain this and mako the duty oil crockery
50 per cent, and our potteries will no longer stand
idle, as is now the ease, but full employment will be
given to largo numbers of employes, not only by tho
potteries themselves, but by the claymincs, the flint
and spar mills, and other establishments which pro-
duce our materials."
Mr. Chairman, 1 have stated as briefly as I
could soma of tho principal reasons why the
rate of duty ou crockery should be increased.
I shall offer an amendment for that purpose,
and I trust it will reccivc the approval of a
majority of the committee. If this bill is to
pass the House and become a law, why should
not this interestbe protected and a newimpetus
given to the pottery business? Many of thesa
manufactories are now standing idle, thereby
depriving many men of employment and se-
riously affecting other establishments which
produce materials that enter so largely into
this enterprise. In the consideration of a tariff
bill tho magnitude of this manufacture in the
country is worthy of and entitled to consider-
ation. Ample protection has beeu extended
to other interests in this bill of less importance.
It should be the aim of all to make its pro-
visions inure to the advantage of every inter-
est that depends upon the protection it affords.
But, Mr. Chairman, I will now surrender the
floor to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Alli-
son,] first, however, thanking him for his
courtesy and kindness.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman from
Iowa yield to me for a short time ?
Mr. ALLISON. How long?
Mr. MORGAN. Thirty minutes.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield to the gentleman
for that time.
Mr. MORGAN addressed the committee.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. ALLISON. If there be no objection, I
will now yield to the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Hays.]
No objection was made.
Mr. HAYS. Mr. Chairman, the question
of tariff has occupied more of public attention
and political debate than any other single
measure ever presented to the country. Prior
to 1816 the tariffs appear to have been discussed
simply as business measures and with very little
difference of principle, revenue being then the
object and protection to home industry merely
tho incident. From that period up to 1828 it
appears that this principle was reversed, pro-
tection being made the object and revenue the
incident.
The debates on this question have taken wide
range, and from 1816 up to 1828, it further ap-
pears that the tariff was made a mere political
auxiliary to presidential campaigns, inasmuch
as these debates took place at the last long ses-
sion feefore the then presidential elections. The
periodical augmentation of duties, and the po-
litical aspect, which at that time was regulated
by the tariff, gave deep discontent to the plant-
ing States, upon which the burden of the duties
chiefly fell, and that section of the Union was
impressed with the belief that it was injured
and oppressed by legislation which discrimin-
ated in favor of special interests.
This evil was so apparent, that in 1828 a
change of policy was again effected, and a
return was made to that original idea of econ-
omy which, while it created revenue, discarded
the fallacy of protection as the governing rule.
Notwithstanding the fact that from time to
time, up to the present hour, there has been a
disposition to chamge frout, I affirm my adhe-
rence to the old principle that, with economy
in the public expenditures, revenue should be
the object and protection only the incident.
For the first time in our history the tariff
question does not assume a political aspect,
and gentlemen who agree otherwise^ differ
widely upon the incidents involved in the
tariff. Besides, within this question are in-
volved other matters growing out of our
national debt, created by the recent war for the
suppression of the rebellion, and from which
springs an almost endless chain of complica-
tions, affecting both public and private pros-
perity. Hence we are necessitated to deal
with the tariff question carefully, and with an
earnest desire to reconcile these complications ;
and itis unquestionably a duty at once difficult
and delicate.
Presupposing the fact that the industrial and
productive interests of the South are mallei.
of as much moment and concern as those o'.
any other section, when it is considered that
we produce in tho single item of cotton an
annual crop to the value of $300,000,000, 1
feel warranted in stating, that the public senti-
ment in the planting States is utterly opposed
to any policy of protection, that will operate
unequally. T am warranted also in urging that
tho planting States do not object to a reason-
able tariff from which a fair revenue may be
derived wherewith to support an economical
Government; but they seriously disagree with
any policy of protection which forces them to
pay large prices for certain commodities and
necessaries when the only competition in the
market for them is that, which close corpora-
tions may see fit to extend.
The clamor of protection comes from differ-
ent quarters of the Union, and each section
desires especial benefit for specific objects.
The South asks no protection for her produc-
tions, no special or exclusive privileges for her
enterprises, nothing in the shape of tariff except
that it shall only exist to create revenue as the
object wherewith to maintain an economical
Government. Notwithstanding the fact that
manufactures in the South have somewhat
advanced, and that it is a branch of industry
newly developed in our midst, it is no less the
fact that for years to come, and perhaps
always, the planting States are and will be
exclusively agricultural. Our capital is in-
vested in agriculture and its concomitants, and
we cannot in any way compete with our north-
ern brethren in manufactures, even if we at-
tempted so to do. It is true that, time may
develop a further increase in manufacturing
industry, but it will never be the specialty of
the South as it is in the North.
Hence, Mr. Chairman, it is obvious that we
must depend upon other sections and other
countries for our supplies ; and while we are
willing to pay therefor such reasonable sums as
