5034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juno 30,
Mr. SCOTT. It is a joint resolution affect-
ing some live or six officers of the Navy who
were on the retired list and who have been
promoted on the retired list. It simply affects
the question of their pay. Under the act of
1867 they take pay according to the rank at
which they were retired. The amendment put
on by the Senate proposed to give them the
pay of the rank to which they were promoted
on the retired list. We have receded from
that amendment. It only affects five or six
officers of the Navy, and leaves operative the
principle of the act of 1867.
The report was concurred in.
executive session.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not. I trust we
shall proceed with the tax bill.
Mr. CONKLING. The motion is not debat-
able.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable. The Senator from Indiana
moves that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and beingtaken,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 20 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Chandler,
Colo, Conkling-, Corbett, Cragin, Brake, denton,
Ferry, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Howell,
KellogK, McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn, l'om-
croy, ltamsey, Revels flicc, Sponcer, Stewart,
Thayer, Warner, and Williams—29.
NAYS—Messrs. lioreman, Casserly, Davis, Fow-
ler, Hamilton of Mn-ryland, Harris, Johnston, Me-
Crecry, Morrill of Mnine, Pratt, Robertson. lloss,
Salisbury, Sherman, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,
Vickers, Willey, and "Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bay-
ard, Buckingham, Carpenter, Cattell, Edmunds,
Klanagnn, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Lewis, Mor-
nll of Vermont, Norton, Patterson, Poo), Sawyer,
Sehurs, Seott, Sprague, iSumner, Trumbull, and
Yates-—23.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after an hour and a quarter
spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
message from ti1k house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clixton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing Senate bills without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 297) to constitute Omaha, in
the State of Nebraska, a port of delivery ; and
A bill (S. No. 713) for the preemption set-
tlers in the State of Nebraska.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 047) for the im-
provement of water communication between
the Mississippi river and Lake Michigan, by the
Wisconsin and Fox rivers, with an amendment,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate. s
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution ; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 2351) to change the times
of holding the circuit and district courts of the
United States in the northern district of Ohio ;
A biii (fl. R. No. 1115) creating a collection
district in New Jersey, to be called the district
of Jersey City, and constituting Jersey City
a port of entry;
A bill (H. R. No. 1149) to amend an act
entitled " An act authorizing the construction
of a bridge across the Missouri river upon the
military reservation at Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas;"
A bill (H. R. No. 2287) to amend section
twenty-two of an act entitled " An act further
to prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,''
approved July 18, 1866; and
A joint resolution (H. E. No. 231) granting
the Evansville and Southern Illinois Railroad
Company the right to build a bridge across the
Big Wabash viver.
em rolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 107) amendatory of an act to
protect the rights of the actual settlers upon
the public lands of the United States, ap-
proved July 27, 1808, and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 241) to relinquish the interest
of the United States in certain lands to the city
and county of San Francisco ;
A bill (S. No. 351) for the disposal of the
lands within the Fort Ridgely military reserva-
tion, Minnesota;
A bill (S. No. 471) in relation to certain
uusold lands in the counties of Porter and Lake,
in the State of Indiana;
A bill (S. No. 474) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish and protect national
cemeteries;"
A bill (S. No. 495) to confirm entries of
public land in certain cases in the State of
Alabama;
A bill (S. No. 509) for the relief of the inhab-
itants of Salt Lake City, in the Territory of
Utah;
A bill (S. No. 517) to define the intent of
an act entitled "An act to allow deputy col-
lectors of internal revenue acting as collectors
the pay of collectors, and for other purposes,"
approved March 1, 1809 ;
A bill (S. No. 520) to amend an act entitled
"An act to remove the charge of desertion
from certain soldiers of the second North Caro-
lina mounted infantry," approved March 20,
1809;
A bill (S. No. 013) to regulate the foreign
and coasting trade of the northern, northeast-
ern, an,d northwestern frontiers of the United
States, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 616) to repeal certain sections
of acts passed by the territorial Legislature
of Wyoming;
A bill (S. No. 632) to amend an act entitled
"An act to carry into effect provisions of the
treaties between the United States, China,
Japan, Siam, Persia, and other countries, giv-
ing certain judicial powers to ministers and
consuls and other functionaries of the United
States in those countries, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 22, I860 ;
A bill (S. No. 077) to change the place of
holding the courts ot the United States for the
Albemarle district of North Carolina;
A bill (S. No. 723) in relation to circuit
courts;
A bill (S. No. 725) for the relief of Thoma3
Henderson ;
A bill (S. No. 758) for the settlement of the
account of Captain 15. M. Buchanan, late com-
missary of subsistence of volunteers ;
A bill (S. No. 843) to confirm the title of
the heirs of Gervacio Nolan, deceased, to cer-
tain lands in the Territory of Colorado ;
A bill (S. No. 880) granting a pension to
Henry C. Weatherby;
A bill (S. No. 919) authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Arkansas river at
Little Rock, Arkansas;
A bill (S. No. 990) to relieve Henry A. Bad-
ham from the legal and political disability im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 110) instruct-
ing the President to negotiate with the Indians
upon the Umatilla reservation, in Oregon ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 133) concern-
ing the pay of customs officers in North Caro-
lina ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 134) to regu-
late the effect of a vote of the thanks of Congress
upon promotion in the Navy ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 197) giving the
consent of Congress to the reception of a cer-
tain bequest by the State of New Jersey under
the will of the late Edwin A. Stevens ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 199) providing
for the admission of photographs for exhibition
free of duty;
A joint resolution (S. K. No. 21S) author-
izing the First National Bank of Fort, Smith,
Arkansas, to change its location and name ;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 230) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to change the
name of the steam yacht Fanny.
port of delivery at vallejo.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 834) to create
a port of delivery at Vallejo, California, which
was to add the following as an additional sec-
tion :
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted. That any vessel of
fivo hundred tons, or over, coming from or going
to sea, may procecd directly to or from Vallejo,
snd report through said surveyor to the collector
of customs at Sail Francisco, and avoid the risk,
expenses, and delay by anchoring there.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate concur
in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on tlie
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill "(H. R. No. 1987) to define the duties of
pension agents and prescribe the manner of
paying pensions, and for other purposes.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 81) for the benefit of Mar-
garet Riddle, widow and executrix of George
Read Riddle;
An act (S. No. 339) giving priority to cer-
tain cases to which a State is a party in the
courts of the United States; and
An act (8. No. 883) granting a pension to
John W. Salyers, a soldier of the war of 1812.
tax bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] to the paragraph in
regard to Bessemer steel railway bars, to strike
out the words "and one half," so that the duty
shall be one cent per pound.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to have the yeas
and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. My amendment is to
strike out the words "and one half; " so that
the duty will be one cent per pound, which, as
I said yesterday, would be $22 40 a ton. I
have moved this amendment in no spirit of
hostility cither to the patentees who own this
Bessemer patent or to the manufacturers. I
desire to give the manufacturers every encour-
agement. I want to encourage the manufac-
ture of this new form of steel in every possible
way. It goes now into everything almost.
AH our agricultural implements in the West,
our plows, £rc., which we have been in the
habit of making of steel, because we make no
iron plows, can now be made at a greatly re-
duced price on account of this Bessemer steel,
which answers every purpose for that material.
In all sorts of machinery where we formerly
used refined iron we can now use Bessemer
steel. Therefore I want to encourage its man-
ufacture. I want to extend a mostfriendly hand
to its manufacture. I never have expressed
any hostility to protecting American manufac-
tures, American labor, or American industry
anywhere.
iir. CONKLING. Not even when you are
jn order.
