1870.
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3147
ekiM. wtth all her ba#fa*e and leftote take#
with her. went down at sea, with the ship. on the 3d
dayol October followins. , ,
It appears in evidence* that thp( bonfla wcr« pur-
chased ami delivered to claimant's ml'#, re 1885, by
T. Ketehum Jt Co.. bankers and brokers, of New York
"fte record* of the Treasury Department do not
show the payment of any coupon from laid bonds
siaee those of September 1. XSwi, and the hich char-
acter of tho claimant is well attested.
Yoor committee report the accompanying bill,
Sroriftios for the issue of bow bonds, with the eon-
it inn tor ample seearity against the reappearance
of the ontinals, and recommend its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
rending, rend the third time, and passed.
MRCHAKICS' LIKNS.
The next bill on the Calendar waa the bill
(H. 11. No. 983) to amend an act entitled "An
act to enforce mechanics' liens on buildings in
the District of Columbiawhich was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
Tide* that any sub-con tractor, journeyman, or
laborer employed in the construction or repair-
ing of any building, or in furnishing any ma-
terials or machinery for the same, may give at
any time the owner thereof notice in writing,
particularly setting forth the amount of his
claim and the service rendered for which his
employer is indebted to him, and that he holds
the owner responsible for the same ; and tho
owner of the building is to be liable for snch
claim, but not to exceed the amount due from
him to the employer at the time of notice, or
subsequently, which may be recovered in an
action. Whenever any sub-contractor, jour-
neyman, or laborer shall recover any such
claim from the owner of the building the same
may be set off by snch owner in any action
brought against him by the person who other-
wise would be entitled to recover the same
under the contract.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
fbhdmkn's savings company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1594) to amend an act entitled '' An
act to incorporate the Freedmen's Savings and
Trust Company," approved March 3, 1865.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the bill.
The bill waa passed.
DISTRICT BKfORX SCHOOL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1025J) to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish in the District of Columbia a
house of correction for boys," approved July
25, 1866; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that the board
of trustees of the house of correction, which
shall hereafter be known and designated as the
Reform School of the District of Colombia,
may, at their discretion, receive, take, and keep
in their exclusive care, control, and custody:
first, any boys under the age of sixteen years
who shall or may be liable to punishment by
imprisonment under any existing law of the
District of Colombia, or any law that may be
enacted and in force in said District; second,
any boy under sixteen years of age, with the
consent of his parent or guardian, against whom
any charge of committing any crime or misde-
meanor shall have been made, the punishment
of which, on conviction, would be confinement
in jail or prison; third, any boy under sixteen
°f age, who is destitute of a suitable home
and adequate means of obtaining an honest
living, or who is in danger ofbeingbronghtup
oris brought np, to lead an idle or vicious life;
worth, any boy under sixteen years of age who
is incorrigible or habitually disregards the com-
mands of his parents, father or mother,or guard-
ians, or who resorts to immoral places or prac-
tices, or who neglects or refuses at the request
or command of his parents, father or mother,
to perform labor suitable to his years andcoa-
fS?n °f to attend school.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
! amend ment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
joint tenancy.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(II. R. No. 1456) to abolish joint tenancy iu
the District of Columbia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
district or columbia courts.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 781) to amend an act entitled "An act
fixing the compensation for the bailiffs and
criers of the courts of the District of Colum-
bia," approved February 22, 18G7; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to amend the act of February 22,
1867, so as to read:
That the bailiffs and criers who are required by
the marshal or courts of the District of Columbia
to attend upon the district, circuit, criminal, or or-
phans' courts of said District shall be paid by said
marshal $3 50 per day for each day's attendanoo,
instead of two dollars, as now provided by law,
commencing with the 1st or January, 18*36.
. Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to hear that bill
read again.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. POMEItOY. Is it proposed to pay
: men increased wages back to 1866?
| Mr. HAMLIN. The bill is a little awk-
wardly expressed; but I can state what it is.
The bailiffs in the courts now all receive that
+ compensation except the bailiff of the orphans'
court; and there was evidently a mistake in the
law by which the orphans' court was omitted.
This simply puts the bailiff of one court on an
equality with the bailiffs of the other courts.
I nave no doubt it was a simple omission in
the original law. That is all there is of it.
Mr. POMEROY. But it is to amend a law
approved in 1867, and they are to draw their
pay from 1866, a year before the law was
passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think this bill needs
explanation. As I nnderstand, it provides that
the pay of these officers shall be increased $1 50
per day, and that the increase shall be com-
menced in 1866, so that from 1866 up to this
time there shall be added to the compensation
of these officers $1 50 per day. That is the
way the bill reads. It isimpossible to put any
other construction on the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it lie over informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
communication with vessels.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
1 (S. No. 800) to prohibit all but certain officers
boarding or leaving vessels before entry at the
enstom-house; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It is declared not to
be lawful for the master of any ship or vessel
1 arriving at any port in the United States from
a foreign port, and having merchandise on
board sobject to duty, to permit any person to
leave or to come on boara of his ship or vessel
after arriving within the waters of the United
; States, except in case of distress, save one or
more pilots, nntil after a United States customs
officer shall have boarded the ship or vessel,
and only while snch an officer is on board, and
with his consent; bnt nothing contained in the
bill shall prevent the health officer or the warden
of the port coming on board such vessel in the
discharge of their respective duties. For every
person leaving, or for the. admission of each
person on board of any ship or vessel contrary
to the provisions of the act, the master of suc^
r ship or vessel shall be subject to a fine of not
, less than ten nor more than one thousand dol-
lars ; and the person so admitted on board of
or so leaving any ship or vessel, shall be subject
to a fine of not less than ten nor more than two
, hundred dollars, to be recovered as other fines
jl and penalties for- violations of the customs
l! revenue lawB.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Connecticut if this bill has
beeii carefully considered? It is very sweep-
ing in its provisions.
Mr. B UCKINGHAM. I will state the object
of the bill. At times persons who arrive from
foreign ports on board vessels leave the ves-
sels before a custom-house officer boards it,
and they take with them merchandise which is
subject to duty. Besides, persons sometimes
board vessels as they arrive in the harbor and
leave, taking with them such property, before
the vessels are boarded by custom-house offi-
cers. In that way the revenue is defrauded.
This bill is designed to prevent that fraud, and
is approved by the Treasury Department.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 think it is perhaps not
subject to the objection I supposed it was.
Mr. FENTON. There is only one objection
I can see to it. It may be very well to restrict
bnggnge, but it seems to me hard that a ship
arriving in port shall be obliged to retain every
| passenger that is on board. Now, passengers
who are well known to the authorities have
permission to pass from the vessel arriving at
port, without taking their baggage or articles
subject to duty with them. In that respect,
it seejns to me, the bill is a little too sweeping.
I shall, however, make no objection to it, as
the Senator from Connecticut says it has been
considered in committee and has the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury,
j Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have the
i bill passed over nntil to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
I BARON CREUTZ.
| The next bill on the Calendar waa the bill
! (S. No. 831) for the relief of Baron Creutz, of
the Netherlands; which was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is a direction to the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue to Edward Alexander Fer-
dinand Baron Creutz, first lieutenant of artil-
lery of the Netherlands, four new registered
six per cent. United States bonds of $1,000
each, redeemable in 1882, of the series and
, numbers hereinafter specified, so soon as proof
I shall be exhibited to the satisfaction of the
1 Secretary of the loss or destruction of four
bonds of the loan and value mentioned num-
bered 107 and 108, series 4; 41843, series 3 :
and 10943, series 4; and if Baron Creutz shall
give bond with sufficient security to indemnify
the United States against any other claim on
account of the bonds alleged to be so lost or
destroyed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amend ment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
unsold lands in indiana.
i The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
1 (S. No. 471) in relation to certain nnsold lands
in the counties of Porter and Lake, in the
' State of Indiana; which was considered as in
i Committee of the Whole.
i The preamble recites that there is lying along
the Little Calumet river, in the counties of Por-
ter and Lake, in the State of Indiana, a body
of lands supposed to contain about four thou-
1 sand acres which has never been sold or sur-
veyed, and which was described in the original
Government surveys as impassable morass;
that the Calnmet Draining Company has been
organized under the laws of the said State for
the purpose of draining the valley of said river
| including the morass.
j The bill provides that these nnsold lands
| shall be subject to a lien under the laws of the
; State of Indiana for their proper proportion
of the coBt of such drainage, and that such
: lien may be enforced against the lands in the
j same manner and to the same extent as if they
were owned by private persons. The second
section provides that the lands may be surveyed
; and sold to the highest bidder, under the direc-
j tion of the Secretary of the Interior.
1 The Committee on Public Lands reported
