1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
American-born citizens in every respect, and
are tbev to be excluded by a State from the
suffrage? Suppose Illinois should in her con-
stitution insert a provision that citizens of ;
German birth should not vote, would that be 1
a republican form of government? Who would
judge in that case ? The State would have
decided that they should not vote; but who is
to settle the question? The power to which
it is left to decide the question, to declare what
is a republican form of government.
Mr. rresident, I rose simply to respond very
briefly to the argument of the Senator from
Wisconsin. These doctrines are not new to
me; they are not new to the readers of his-
tory ; they are not new to the men interested
in the preservation of our Union; they are not
new to the men who understand the causes for
which this war was fought, by which this Union
was preserved. If we would preserve our
country and its institutions we must have it
understood that there is an entire sovereignty
somewhere; that there is some power which
shall decide these questions when they arise.
If after Congress has passed a law imposing a
condition on a State, that State has the power,
of its mere volition, to set aside the authority
of Congress, then this Government is at an
end ana there is no Union. The argument of
the Senator would be repudiated by Alexander
Stephens. He never took any such position
as that. It belongs to the Galhouns, the
Haynes, the Rhetts, of South Carolina, and I
Jo not wonder that the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Saulsbury,] out of very shame, repels
any such new alliance.
A word now upon this subject of conditions.
If these conditions are not unreasonable then
our southern friends can subscribe to them.
If they are truly loyal, if they love the Union,
if they are penitent, if they come in with a true
allegiance to the Constitution, these conditions
will never hurt them. Look at the ordinance
of 1787, which provided that slavery should
never go into the northwestern territory.
What was the effect of that ordinance ? My
friend from Wisconsin and other Senators may
say it was unconstitutional. Whether it was
unconstitutional or not it saved Illinois and
the Northwest to freedom. Men who wanted
to emigrate into Illinois with slaves, instead
of taking slaves there, took them over to Mis-
souri, a slave State ; and all that wide north-
west territory, where is the center of empire
now, where is now the power of the continent,
is dedicated to freedom by that glorious ordi-
nance of 1787. So I might say of the Missouri
compromise, it saved the territory west of the
Mississippi and north of 36° 30' north latitude
to freedom. It dedicated that broad and beau-
tiful empire to freedom forever.
And now, Mr. President, after arguments
since the foundation of the Government upon
this question, and after Mr. Webster denounced
the propositions advocated by the Senator from
Wisconsin in tones of eloquence and power,
which have excited the admiration of Christen-
dom, and have given him a reputation through-
out the world as the peerless orator of the
world, we are to be told that he would turn in
tis grave at hearing positions announced such
aswe have assumed. We have only assumed
this, that there is a central power; that this is
a national Government; that we have a na-
tion; that we are not like the Achaean League,
so many dissevered States, all contending with
each other, all passing different laws, leading
to civil war and bloodshed. We are one coun-
try; we are one people. " We, the people of
the United States," have ordained this Con-
stitution. This is Mr. Webster's grand theory.
All others, such as have been advanced by gen-
tlemen on the other side, are but revamping
the arguments of Barnwell Ilhett and John C.
Calhoun, which are the gateway to the disso-
lution of this Union and the overthrow of this
Government.
I may speak warmly, because, though I did
not intend to say anything upon this question,
I cannot but call things by their right names.
That argument I have seen ; 1 have read it day
after day from childhood till now. It is the
argument of State sovereignty. There cannot
be a national sovereignty and State sovereignty.
The States have their rights, but they are not
sovereign, especially on questions which con-
cern the inherent rights and equality of the
citizens. I repeat, there can be no equality
of States unless there is equality of rights among
citizens in the States. We must be governed
by a majority of the American people, and it :
mast not be confined to color, race, or con-
dition.
Mr. President, when the bill came up in the
Senate granting suffrage in the District of
Columbia I was a member of that committee,
and a bill was reported at first in favor of
impartial suffrage, conferring upon all the peo-
ple of the District who could read and write
the right to vote. I was not present when the
committee agreed on that report, and I re-
quested that the bill be returned to the com-
mittee, and there—and I presume I have wit-
nesses on this floor to the fact—for two hours
I maintained that there should be no dis-
qualification because it was not republican ;
that the poor and the ignorant had a right to
be heard as well as the rich and the educated.
The action of the committee was reversed upon
my motion, and the bill was returned to the
Senate, a bill for suffrage without limitation in
the District of Columbia, and it passed in that
shape. My argument was that this was the
theory of republican government, that the weak
and the poor had a right to have their interests
represented in legislation as well as the rich
and strong; and I maintain that ground to-
day.
That involves my reply to the argument of
the Senator from Ohio. I remember his argu-
ment ; we have heard it on every stump; we
have heard it in every speech made by our
opponents. He asks, captiously, " Has not
Massachusetts a republican government; has
not Ohio a republican government? Was not
Illinois a republican government when she de-
nied to colored men the right to vote ?" Now,
sir, I wish to say that it is the duty of Congress
not simply to guaranty that a government may
be republican in form, but it must see that it
is wholly and entirely republican. The argu-
ment of the Senator from Ohio was that if a
government was a sort of republican it would
do ; but that is not the theory of this age, of
this great revolution on this question. A
republican government now means one in
which all the people, not a part—not the white,
not the black, not the Germans, not the Irish,
but all the people shall be represented. We
go back to the Declaration of Independence
and plant ourselves on its broad basis.
You need not tell me, Mr. President, that
we must go by precedents. What is a precedent
worth ? Slavery was a precedent; and when
I preached the abolition of slavery and de-
nounced the fugitive slave law I was told, " Do
not disturb the established usages and prece-
dents of the Government;" and such is the
argument against every moral reform. If we
succeed at all as a Republican party we cannot
go backward. Slavery existed, and the genius
of civilization breathed upon it and it fell; the
light of the nineteenth century broke upon it,
and it faded away; and so that precedent was
disregarded.
Who regards the precedent of the Dred
Scott decision ? It has all the authority and
solemnity of a decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, but it did not have the
authority of the advancing civilization Snd
enlightenment of this age, nor the sanction of
Almighty God.
You may talk to me about precedents and
read to me from the reports to show who are
citizens and who are not citizeus; but I regard
precedent as a humbug if it stands in the way
of the progress of the age and of advancing
civilization, and the American people so regard
it. It will do for a lawyer to get up and quote
a precedent in a case where he lacks arguments
from common sense and reason to sustain him ;
but precedents, to be of any force or value,
must be sustained by human reason and by
those higher moral sentiments which control
us as we advance down the period of the cen-
tury.
Now, Mr. President, as the Senator from
Wisconsin has made his appeal, as he has im-
plored Senators to come up and stand by his
State rights doctrine, I implore Senators, for
the sake of the Union, for all that they love in
this Union, for all that is dear to us and our
children, to stand by one great nationality, not
overpowering, not overshadowing, not a con-
solidated government having all powers, but
one which shall take care of and preserve the
rights of the nation, having due respect to the
proper rights of the States, those rights to which
they are entitled under the Constitution.
But, sir, if this Government comes to ruin
it will be again upon this great question ; and
it is strange that the American Congress, and
especially the Republican Union part of the
American Congress, should have taken posi-
tion in favor of these conditions, should have
found their authority for them in the Constitu-
tion of the United States, as I can show at any
time, and should now say, "We knew they
were unconstitutional." That is a beautiful
record 1 What party can understand such a
record as that? I can excuse the Delaware
Senator for repelling association with men who
have gone back upon their principles and their
party in such a manner as that, and who raise
the shibboleth of the Calhoun doctrine after
this long and bloody war, with all the horrors
of secession and nullification, saying, " Vir-
ginia, come in; you can do just as you please
after you get in; come in, Mississippi; you can
do just as you please after you get in ; all is
your own ; you are sovereign States ; we will
be very magnanimous to you, and you may
come in contending for the same old doctrine
and sustained by the Conservative portion of
the Republican party!"
Sir, as long as I can raise my voice I will
stand by the old doctrines of the Constitution
as contended for by the men who were for one
Governmentand not for forty governments, but
who were for one Government entire, governed
by one people. This mighty doctrine is the
doctrine of the people of the United States;
and every form of inequality, whether it is in
States or in individuals, will be wiped out by
the power of this mighty moral revolution.
No precedents of the past can be of avail to
stop it; in the future, the grand and glorious
future, illuminated by all that is beautiful in
religion, or truth, or justice, or patriotism, it
will triumph, and gloriously triumph.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, I do not
know but that I ought to congratulate the coun-
try upon the fact that as we are discussing from
time to time these bills for the admission of
the lately rebellious States, as they are called,
or bills declaring that they are entitled to rep-
resentation, we are getting back gradually to
what four years ago four Senators of the then
Republican majority, of whom I am the only
remaining one in this body, thought the point
from which we ought to have started. There
were four of us in this body who thought that
we ought in the reconstruction, or restoration,
or whatever you choose to call it, of these
States to bring them under the shadow and
within the limits of the Constitution ; and we
are gradually getting back there, if I can infer
anything from the speech of the Senator from
Wisconsin this afternoon. If we had com-
menced there to bring these States into the
Union again under the Constitution, and not
under party policy, we should have had them
here years ago ; and peace and prosperity and
law and order would have come to them.
Although I have been once before reproved
by my friend from Nevada for referring to
what transpired in caucus, since the Senator
