1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5035
Mr. POMEROY. Not even when I am in
order, as the Senator from Now York says,
which I am not now.
Mr. CONKLING. That last remark is evi-
dently true.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I know
that this subject has occupied a good deal of
time, and I am not going into the question ex-
tensively. But this amendment,while it is not
against the manufacturer, is moved in the inter-
est of cheap transportation in this country.
Thatisthegreat problem now tobe solved. The
producers in the great granaries of the North-'
west are too far removed from the consumers.
If we can have cheap transportation we can
bring them nearer together and bring them
together at less expense. One rail of Besse-
mer steel is worth ten rails of iron. The esti-
mate is that one Bessemer steel rail is worth
ten or twelve iron rails; but I will put it at
ten. It will make transportation cheaper. The
great producers can in that way get in the
neighborhood of the consumers, and that will
give a larger and better price to the producers.
This amendment is moved in that interest,
not to destroy the manufacturers of this article,
but to give them a reasonable protection, as I
think a duty of $22 40 per ton is. We give
the iron manufacturers fourteen dollars a ton
on mere iron. All railroad iron pays to-day
fourteen dollars a ton, and $22 40 is a fair
tariff, I think, on these steel railb. I have
consulted with persons who know vastly more
than I do about it, and tliey concur with mo
in that judgment. I hope that this amend-
ment will be made to the bill, so that hereafter
there, may be no question what the tariff is.
If it is an ad valorem tariff of forty-five per
cent., it changes up and down according to the
price.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator is through
I hope we shall have a vote. 1 do not wish to
make the point of order upon him, but I trust
that hereafter the rule will be enforced or else
abandoned, because I think it is unfair.
Mr. CONKLING. So do I.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Kansas j
spoke yesterday on this same amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I spoke yesterday about
two minutes, and about three to-day.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator spoke more
than five minutes yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. I have never spoken five
minutes on this whole question yet.
Mr. MORTON. Five minutes in the same
day is the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. And I rarely ever speak
on a tariff bill or an appropriation bill at all.
Mr. SHERMAN, i supposed the Senator
was through. I did not intend to raise the point
of order upon him, because the rule has been
violated by other Senators ; but I give notice
now that I wish to have it enforced hereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
say to the Senator from Ohio that the Chair
did state last evening to Senators who had
spoken more than once that they had spoken
in violation of the rule ; bat the Chair cannot
enforce, and does not desire to enforce agree-
ments made by unanimous consent. In tact, |
the Senate reserved the right to enforce them j
themselves.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest that this is a rule
of the Senate, as much so as one of the printed
rules. It was not agreed to by vote, but it was
agreed to by unanimous consent: and I sup-
posed that the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate could do anything on earth.: could make^a
rule stronger than you could write it I think,
therefore, the Chair ought to enforce it. It is
the rule to-day on this subject just as much as
any written rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion of that; and yet, at the same time, when
unanimous consent has been granted hereto-
fore that a vote should bo taken at a particular
time it has been with the express reservation
made by Senators that tuo \ ice Piesident
should not enforce it, but that its enforcement
should devolve on the conscienco and honor
of members.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Chair,
with the permission of the Chair, that the
distinction between this case and that is, that
is a matter which does not go on the Journal
at all; but I imagine, from the form of this
motion, although I was not present when it
was adopted, the Journal shows that it was
ordered that during this debate speeches should
be confined to five minutes, which would make
it part of the recorded order of the Senate, and
hence the Chair could enforce it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is the pleas-
ure of the Senate the Chair will, of course,
enforce it. If there is no objection the Chair
will enforce it as the rule of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Does this time come out
of my five minutes?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator had
spoken over three minutes when interrupted.
Mr. CONKLING. But the Senator had no
five minutes to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. Does this rule apply to
speaking only five minutes on a question upon
different days?
The VICE PRESIDENT. At different days,
on each amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I have nothing more
to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule is, five
minutes by each Senator on the amendment
pending when such debate arises : that is, just
one speech.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has the Senator
from Vermont spoken previously on this amend-
ment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have not.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ver-
mont spoke yesterday.
Mr. MORRILL, ot'Vermont. Notatallon
Bessemer steel.
Mr. POMEIIOY. Well, he spoke on every-
thing else a great deal more than five minutes.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I spoke on
brimstone, not on this subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I should regret very much any action of
the Senate which should extinguish this new
aud beautiful process of the manufacture of
Bessemer steel in our country. It is an ex-
pensive process; but it is the very sublimity
of all the experiments that have been made in
the working of iron. Jefferson said it was worth
a journey across the Atlantic to see the junc-
tion of the Shenandoah and the Potomac. It
is at least worth a journey from here to Har-
risburg, or anywhere in our own country, to
see this beautiful process of the manufacture
of Bessemer steel.
But there is one suggestion which I desire
to make in leference to this subject, and that
is, that in this manufacture a large share ot it
is absolute waste. When it is subjected to the
test it is often found to be too brittle, and if
it breaks like glass, as it often does, it has to
be flang aside, and is utterly worthless except
as raw material to be reworked. The propor-
tion of iron and other materials that are used
in this manufacture have to be very accurately
put into the furnace, and if there is an excess
at all of one or the other it is a failure.
Now, it is argued by the Senator from Kan-
sas t'aat this article is worth ten times as much
as common iron, and yet he is only willing
to give about fifty per cent, or about one hall
as much more protection upon it. I think that
the proposition which he has made would be
destructive to the manufacture in tins country,
and therefore I hope it will not prevail. As
between the manufacturers and the railroads,
it seems to me we can afford to be impartial ou
this subject. I would not be willing to give
them more thnn they ought to have, and pos-
sibly a little less than thirty dollars on the
twenty hundred might be got along with ; but
I am very sure they cannot get along with a
duty of one cent a pound.
Mr. WILSON. Is it in order to move to
amend the amendment moved by'the Senator
from Kansas ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) It is.
Mr. WILSON. Then I move to amend by
striking out "one half" and inserting " oue
quarter."
Mr. SAWYER. Is not the amendment of
the Senator from Kansas an amendment to my
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina is to
strike out the clause. The amendment of the
Senator from Kansas is to perfect the clause
before being stricken out. Therefore, the
amendment of the Senator from South Caro-
lina is reserved until the amendment of the
Senator from Kansas is disposed of, and the
Senator from Massachusetts moves to amend
that amendment, so as to make the duty one
and a quarter cents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say a word on
this subject if it is not asking too much. I agree
entirely with what the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] said yesterday, that the true
question is to give this interest sufficient pro-
tection to enable it to compete with the adverse
British manufacture. Wherever that point is,
be it high or low, there we ought to stand.
But my friend from Indiana knows, and every-
body who studies this subject knows, that a
very slight excess of production in Great
Britain after supplying the British and Euro-
pean markets can be sent over here and sold
at half the cost of production, and yet the Brit-
ish manufacturers make a profit on the whole
that is enormous after all. Therefore it is
necessary to put this competing point, as my
friend calls it, so high as to be able to guard
against that method of underselling the mar-
ket with a surplus which they want to get rid of.
But I am so fully impressed, looking to the
interests of Vermont railroads who have no
interest in these patents, with the great value
of this discovery, and with the great import-
ance to the country of building up the manu-
facture wherever it can be established^—and it
can be established anywhere, for within every
five hundred miles of our country there is iron
ore adapted to the manufacture of this very
steel—that I think we can afford, as a matter
of economical experiment for the people and
for the tax-payers, to give these gentlemen
any amount of protection ihat they ask for for
the time being, to stimulate everywhere the
growing manufacture of this steel, in order that
it may be introduced into all the railroads of
the country at the earliest possible moment.
The saving of human life, to say nothing of the
saving of money, by the introduction of steel
rails into all our railroad is enough to author-
ize us to put on any amount of protection to
stimulate the production everywhere to the
largest degree possible. I hope, therefore,
that we shall adhere to the report of the com-
mittee as giving a degree of protection which
will work out the result which I am so anxious
to attain, to see this manufacture going on in
every State, and to see the manufacture of iron
rails absolutely discontinued, and see steel
covering the country from one end to the other,
both as a matter of prudence and security, and
as a matter of the gieatest possible economy
in the doing of the business of the country.
Mr. CAMERON. I also hope there will be
no change made in the report of the commit-
tee. That has been well studied, after a great
deal of reflection, and after consultation with
all the people in the country who are inter-
ested or have any experience on the subject
of making this steel.
1 rose, however, more for the purpose of
showing the Senators from Maryland how far
they are going from the interests of their coal
