5036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
mines by voting to reject this duty upon steel.
I wish to give a calculation based upon a state-
ment made last night by one of the Senators
from Maryland. He said that the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad had a thousand miles of
road, whicn they intended to lay entirely of
steel. Let me say to the Senators from Mary-
land that tliatthousand miles of railroad would
require six hundred thousand tons of coal to
make the iron ; seven thousand people would
be employed one whole year in making steel
sufficient to cover the Baltimore and Ohio road
with a double track five hundred miles each
way; and allowing five souls to each workman,
as is the general estimate in all the manufac-
tories, there would be thirty-live thousand peo-
ple fed tor one year by the wages of the work-
men employed in making a sufficient amount
of this steel to cover the Baltimore and Ohio
road. Therefore, by voting against this duty
you give to foreign workmen lood for thirty-
live thousand people for a whole year.
This subject ol protection is variously dis-
played. The western people are protected by
getting the Government lands for nothing.
The people in the East are protected by get-
ting appropriations for the improvement of
their harbors, and so are the people upou the
lakes.
Mr. RAMSEY. What does the Senator
mean by saying that the people of the West
get their lands for nothing? They pay $1 25
an acre for them.
Mr. CAMERON. Do the railroad compa-
nies get their hinds for ยง1 25, or do they get
them for nothing?
Mr. RAMSEY. Does not that improve the
Hast as ivc-!l as the West?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes; and if we make
our own iron and steel that will reduce the
price of transportation/Or the benefit of the
West as well us the East. Where would the
railroads of the West have been without the
capital of the East?
Mr. RAMSEY. Where would the capital
of the East be but for the industry and enter-
prise of the We;,t?
Mr. CAMERON. We had the capital before
you went out there.
I simply wish to bring this matter to the
attention of the Senate. This is a branch of
industry in which every portion of the comitiy
is interested. These seven thousand woikmcii
consume the fabrics of different portions of the
country. Some of them when they make a
little money go to the West and purchase lands,
and become among the most useful citizens of
the western country.
But the argument to my mind strongest in
tavor ot this duty is, that the persons who have
brought this industry into the country, who
have invested their capital in it, who are most
anxious to have these works established, have
fixed the lowest amount at which they can sus-
tain themselves; and I repeat what I said yes-
terday, that so far not one dollar of profit has
been made by the steel manufacturers in the
country. Everywhere it has been a venture,
those interested, of course, hoping in the future
to make money out of it. At the city of Harris-
burg, where one of these establishments has
been located, the people of the town raised
$i0,000 from their individual purses, to give
them theland upon which to establish the works,
in order to get them there. They never expected
to get any profit fioui that. None of the stock-
holders, so far as I am acquainted with them,
have ever expected to make any profit, and so
far they have not been disappointed in that
regard.
1 desire to call the attention of the Senate
to this branch of the subject. This is not a
Pennsylvania question. The State of Penn-
sylvania can do as well without protection as
any other part of the Union. Our rich mines
and our experienced people can take care of
themselves; but 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's five minutes have expired.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President, I sincerely
trust that the report of the Finance Committee
in regard to the tariff on Bessemer steel will
be sustained by the Senate. I have had occa-
sion as a member of that committee to examine
that question with some care for the last two
years; and I am perfectly satisfied that it is
the lowest rate of duty at which the manufac-
ture in this country can live. I presume it
has been stated to the Senate that the man-
ufacturers in this country are obliged to pay a
royalty, this being a patented process in Eng-
land, and consequently that royalty must be
covered by the duty which is imposed upon
the article.
I rose, however, mainly to slate that the
Special Commissioner of Revenue who has, in
the opinion of some of his old friends, been
gravitating about as rapidly to free trade as is
well for the interests of the country, in his
very last report recommends the same rate of
duty that the Committee on Finance now re-
port, one and a half cent per pound. If you
will turn to his lust report for 18G9, on page
120, you will find that after reviewing this
whole subject, he finally concludes with recom-
mending certain duties upon certain other arti-
cles of iron and steel, and then says, " On cast-
steel rails, one and a half cent per pound."
Moreover, the year previous, before my
friend the Special Commissioner had descended
upon the free trade grade as far as he has since
done, and at a time when gold was at a much
higher rate of premium than it is now, he re-
commended, as will bo seen by his report, a
duty of two cents per pound. I only give him
as an illustration, because it is known, it has
been known to the Finance Committee, to
whoni^his reports were generally made, that
Mr. Wells for two or three years past lias been
disposed to get the rates of duty down fully
as low as the manufacturers could possibly
stand.
Under these circumstances the result of an
investigation by a gentleman well qualified to
perform that service, and one who can in no
sense be charged with being favorable to ex-
isting duties, i think ought to govern the Sen-
ate in agreeing to the report of the Finance
Committee to lix this duty at one and a half
cent per pound.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the question
before the Senate ?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsox] to the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
PojiEEor. ]
Mr. CONKLING-. I submit that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts can-
not be in order. The motion of the Senator
from South Carolina was to strike out this whole
provision. Then the Senator from Kansas
moved his amendment to strike out the words
l" and one half." Nov/, for two reasons the
Senator from Massachusetts cannot amend
further in the first place, because the amend-
ment is iu the second remove; and in the next j
place, it would not be in order any way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina moved to strike out
the whole provision. It was in order for the
Senator from Kansas to move to amend it
before being stricken out; and it is in order
for the Senator from Massachusetts to move an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas, the amendment of the Senator
from South Carolina being reserved.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. CONKLING. To make the duty one
and a quarter cent per pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have a yea and
nay vote on whatever question is pending, for
I should like to have the sense of the Senate
by yeas and nays on the subject of Bessemer
steel.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas; on which question the yeas and
nays are demanded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not ask for the yeas
and nays on that question.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President. I have
said nothing upon the questions arising under
this tariff except on the subject relating to
imported books. I desire to say something on
the present matter, which I regard as of very
great importance to the railroad development
of this country and to the interests of humanity
in safety to life and limb on that mode of trans
porfation. The duty which is called for by tho
section as reported by the committee, I under-
stand amounts to $33 60 per ton. I under-
stand also that the cost of production of this
article abroad does not greatly exceed forty-
eight dollars per ton, thektter figure, however,
in gold ; or rather that is the market price, the
selling price, of course, adding the manufac-
turer's profits and the patentee's royalty there
as well. The disproportion between the market
price of that article in England and the tariff
now proposed by tho committee of the Senate
seems to me enormous; that is to say, the
tariff proposed is out of all relation to tho
necessity even of what may be claimed as a
protection due to the manufacture of this
country.
I am not much influenced in favor of tho
report of the committee of the Senate by the
paper which has been referred to here as a
memorial of tho officers of leading railroad
companies in the United States. I might criti-
cise some very obvious features in that memo-
rial ; one iu particular, the great predominance
of the Pennsylvania influence which is seen
upon the face of that memorinl.
But I shall not consume my time in that view
of the subject. To me the only significance of
that memorial is that it invests the claim which
is made here for this large protection with cir-
cumstances of the gravest suspicion. When I
find an interest so powerful as to induce the
officers of so many railroads to take the re-
sponsibility of asking for legislation which s'nati
increase the price of the rails which they are
to use, the very first question that arises in my
mind is this: where do these men find tho jus-
tification for such acts; where do they iind"tho
excuse for thus falsifying their obvious duty to
their own stockholders? They find it in a the-
ory admitted by nobody except the manufac-
turers and their friends and their advocates,
thatpossiblyinacertaincontingency, and under
a very favorable state of circumstances, con-
tinued for an indefinite period, this protection
may bring about the state of things in the pro-
duction at homo which will enable us to under-
sell the manufacturer abroad.
Now, sir, what right have officers of railroad
companies, trustees ofstockholders, whose duty
it is to do the best they can in the actual pres'-
ent for the interest committed to their charge,
what right have they, upon a theory of that
kind, to memorialize the Legislature of the
country for ail increase, and a large increase,
in the shape of duties in the cost of the most
expensive article which the railroads require?
Sir, the only impression made on my mind
by that memorial is one which excites the
gravest suspicions as to the whole of this busi-
ness.
It is not denied that this rail is of wonderful
fitness, of wonderful security to the railroads
which use it. I appeal to Senators, as men of
humanity, if a mode were presented in the
progress of modern invention and discovery
whereby life and limb, to say nothing of prop-
erty, leaving properly entirely out of consider-
ation, would be brought to such a maximum
of safety upon railroads that the danger would
be reduced to a minimum so inconsiderable as
not to be material, who is there that would
seek to hamper tue spread of so beneficent a.
discovery ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
