1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
did not recite that the people of the Territory
had organized a government. Do you recite
this here? I know there has been much said
about preambles here ; but in not one of them
has it been suggested that the people of Vir-
ginia, of Mississippi, of Georgia, or any of the
other reconstructed States, had any lot or par-
cel in the organization of these State govern-
ments ; and why ? Because the fact was that
the people had but little to do with it. In this
State ot' Mississippi it was not the people of
Mississippi who organized this State govern-
ment. No, sir; the sword and the bayonet
have organized it. You now propose discard-
ing, avoiding, escaping the traditions of the
Government so far as the preamble to your
bills to admit States are concerned, simply to
say that the State of Mississippi is entitled to
representation.
Xow, Mr. President, let me tell you who is
to be entitled to representation. The military
commander of the district; the man who
managed and controlled the sword and the
bayonet, who directed the military power, who
manipulated the elections ; he is the man who
comes here under this bill to take his seat as
a Senator in this body, elected by a Legisla-
ture whom you by this bill recognize.
Mr. President, what I want to impress upon
the Senate is the fact that if Mississippi is a
State, and your bill recites it to be a State,
calls it a State, and if as a State it is entitled
to representation in Congress, it is entitled to
it without your act of Congress. If the Sen-
ators from that State come here and present
their credentials the Senate can act upon them,
and admit or reject them, just as it may deem
them regularly elected, qualified, and returned,
or not. But just to this absurdity has your
whole system of reconstruction brought you,
that you are admitting Senators upon this
floor and Representatives upon the floor of
the other House, and declaring that the States
from which they come are entitled to representa-
tion, not under the Constitution of the United
States, but under your reconstruction laws.
It is true, Mr. President, that I do not ex-
pect to impress this upon the other side of the
Senate, and not much upon this side; it is true
that I do not expect that I can make Senators
who differ with me in these views agree with
them; but I shall certainly be pardoned if I
make an attempt to attract the attention of the
country to the fact that the majority in this
body are led to that absurdity.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 the amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary, to strike out all after the words,
"representation in the Congress of the United
Stales," upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is on striking
out the conditions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theamendment
is to strike out all after the words, "United
States," in the fourth line.
Mr. SUMNER. Being the conditions. Those
ought to be kept in.
Mr. DRAKE. And to strike out the pre-
amble, too, is it not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatcomes after-
ward as a separate question. The Secretary
will call the roll.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order for me to
move an adjournment,?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr BAYARD. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on the
Um!eiafy- 'The Secretary will call the roll.
iifr Secretary proceeded to call the roll,
m ™ Abbott answered to his name.
Ir. BAYARD. I desire to submit some
remarks.
JheVICEPRESIDENT. The Senator from :
orth Carolina has responded to the call of his <
name. i
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Dela-
ware was on the floor, and I think under the
circumstances he ought to be allowed to be
heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware was on the floor, but the Chair
was notaware that he desired to speak. Under
the circumstances, the answer of the Senator
from North Carolina will be withdrawn, the
roll-call will be considered as not having com-
menced, and the Senatorfrom Delaware is enti-
tled to the floor.
_Mr. BAYARD. I would remark, not to be
misunderstood, that there have been some sub-
jects touched upon in this debate which cannot,
I think, be exceeded in importance. Prepar-
; atory steps of government are about to be taken,
which, I think, ought not to be taken without
very full discussion. I did propose to submit
! to the Senate some remarks in reply to the
i! claims for congressional power made to-day by
; the honorable Senator from Indiana. I should
i do so with much greater personal convenience
| to myself to-morrow morning than now ; and
j it was for that reason that I hoped the Senate
■ would adjourn when I made the motion to that
,, effect. I do not desire to fatigue them.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the Senator from
I Delaware ought not to be compelled to speak
; at this hour, if it is inconvenient to him to do
| so; and I hope the Senate will either adjourn
II or go into executive session. I think after the
|j long discussion we have had on this side of the
Chamber, if a Senator on the other side desires
1 to speak he ought to be allowed to do so at a
convenient hour of the day.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senatorfrom Dela-
ware will allow me, I will suggest to him that
I will make a motion that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business. I
think the Senatorfrom Delaware ought not to
be compelled to make his speech now, but he
should be allowed to take his own time.
Mr. BAYARD. I will yield to allow the
Senatorfrom Pennsylvania to make the motion
he indicates.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 39, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—M essrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cole, Conk-
ling, Davis, Drake, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Hamil-
ton, Harlan, Howard, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg,
McCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner.
Thayer, Vickers, and Willcy—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Chandler, Ed-
munds, Gilbert, HamJin, Harris, McDonald, Osborn,
Rico, Robertson, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Trum-
bull, Wilson, and Yates—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Corbett, Crogin, Howo,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Norton. Pool, Thurman, I
Tipton, Warner, and Williams—12.
So the motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 14, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Botler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, forthe introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order.
harbor at block island.
Mr. DIXON presented resolutions of the
General Assembly of the State of Rhode Island,
in relation to a harbor of refuge at Block
Island ; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
new york postal facilities, etc.
Mr. DAWES introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1197) to provide additional commercial and
postal facilities in the port of New York ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
mary conley.
Mr. FERRISS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1198) for the relief of Mary Conley ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, aud
ordered to be printed.
nathaniel c. culver.
Mr. FERRISS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No/1199) for the relief of Nathaniel C. Culver ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
judicial districts of new york.
Mr. TANNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1200) to reorganize the judicial districts of the
State of New York; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
additional bounties.
Mr. GILFILLAN introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 157) extending additional
bounties to soldiers discharged from the ser-
vice who have accepted positions in the civil
service; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
post route in pennsylvania.
Mr. READING introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1201) to establish a post route from Zion Hill,
Springfield, Bucks county, to Coopersburg,
Saucon township, Lehigh county, in the State
of Pennsylvania; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office aud Post Roads.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. DEWEESE introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1202) relieving from political disabilities
certain citizens of North Carolina; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
homes for the homeless.
Mr. DEWEESE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1203) to provide homes for the home-
less in the late slave States; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
repeal of test-oath.
Mr. DEWEESE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1204) to repeal the act of July 2,1862,
known as the test-oath act; which was read a
first and second time, aud referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
duty on salt.
Mr. DEWEESE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1205) to repeal the duty on salt and
place it on the free list; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
john turr.
Mr. LASH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
j 1206) to remove the political disabilities from
John Turr, a citizen of Stanley county, in
North Carolina; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
r. f. linville.
Mr. LASH also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1207) to relieve from political disabilities
R. F. Linville, a citizen of Forsyth county,
North Carolina; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
