1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5037
the duty of the Chair to remind the Senator
that he has spoken five minutes.
Mr. CASSERLY. I merely wish to say that
it seems to me that is the ground upon which
the Bessemer steel rail ought not to be taxed,
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts authorizes me to withdraw his
amendment, so that a vote may be taken on
the amendment which I have offered.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, ifl understand
this proposition,it is to levy this tax for the bene-
fit of the owners of the patent right of the steel
rail. It was stated last eveningby the honorable
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thmimax] that there
were five thousand miles of new railroad built
annually in the United States. There is, no
doubt, atleastasmuchmore required to replace
the rails that are being crushed and annihilated
and which have to be removed every year.
That, then, would make ten thousand miles of
rails laid annually in the United States. The
cost of the steel rail is about nine thousand
dollars per mile. This rail, we team, can be
bought at between fifty and sixty dollars per
ton in England. It is proposed to impose a
duty upon it here that would make its cost
about ninety dollars. What is the royalty, the
regia, that is demanded by the owners of this
steel-rail patent when they sell it? It was
stated last night that the smallest royally was
five dollars a ton in gold. That would pro-
duce upon the amount of steel rails, if all the
rails that are laid in ihe country were of that
character, $4,500,000.
What, then, is this naked proposition? It
is to tax railroads that $4,500,000, for the ben-
efit of the owners of the patent-right of the steel
rail. Is not that a most outrageous proposition ?
Is not a royalty of five dollar's a ton in gold
excessive, extortionate? If the owners of the
patent-right, would sell their right for about two
dollars a ton they would induce all the rail
manufacturers in the United States to go into
the manufacture of steel rails, and that would
produce an aggregate amount of revenue that
in a few years would eurich them.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator permit me to
give him the information which I have on this
subject? This morning I have seen one of the
trustees of that patent process, who states to
me that since February last the royalty on the
manufacture of steel rails has been reduced to
$1 50 per ton. That is the information I have
from one of the trustees now in this city.
Mr. DAVIS. I should doubt that inform-
ation, not as given by the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania 
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to make a remark?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. I slated last night that, the
lowest royalty was five dollars, and the inform-
ation I had was derived from a pamphlet which
last night I had upon my desk, but which has
disappeared since, stating, over the signatures
of these trustees, that it was so. Now, possibly
that pamphlet may have been issued three or
four months ago; but such was the fact.
Mr. CONKLING. Was it not issued a year
ago ?
Mr. SCHURZ. I cannot tell.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Penn-
sylvania be so kind—I do not want that he
should violate any confidence—to give the
name of the gentleman from whom he derives
the information he has just submitted to the
Senate?
Mr. SCOTT. I have not the slightest.objee- j
tion" todoingso. The name of the person whom
I give is Mr. Moebell, of Pennsylvania, a mem-
ber of the lower House, and one of the three
trustees to whom the patent was assigned for
the benefit of the corporators.
Mr. DAVIS. Does that royalty cover all
the patents?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. it becomes
the duty of the Chairto inform the Senator from
Kentucky that his five minutes have expired.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like the honorable
Senator to answer that question ; does the
§1 50 a ton eover the royalty onall the patents
that have been combined, or on only one ?
Mr. SCOTT. All that have been combined.
Mr. DAVIS. It is much safer to vote against
this excessive duty, I think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY and Mr. SHERMAN called
for the yeas and nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. What is the amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In line one
hundred and eighty-nine, to strike out "one
half" before "cent," so as to read: "On
steel railway bars, one cent per pound."
Mr. EDMUNDS. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Caepexter.] If he were present he would
vote "yea," and I should vote to leave the
duty as it stands in the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 22 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Casscrly, Colo,
Davis, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
11,11'lan, llowcll, Johnston, McCreery, Morton,
Pomeroy, Pratt.; Ramsey, Robertson, ltoss, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Schurz,, Silencer, Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Xhurman, Vickers, and "Warner—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Fen ton, Gilbert, ilairis,
Howard, llowo, Aye, Osborn, Bevels, Scolt, Sher-
man, Sprague, Tipton, "Wiliey, Williams, and Wil-
son—22.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Anthons', Bayard,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Carpenter, Edmunds, Fer-
ry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texus, Kellogsr, Lewis,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton, Patterson, Pool, Rice, Thayer, Trumbull,
and Yates—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to strike out
"one halt" and insert " one quarter."
Mr. POMEROY. "One half" is stricken
out.
Mr. CONKLtNG. I thought the Senator
had been voting under a misapprehension.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts can move to add "one
quarter."
Mr. WILSON. I move to add "and one
quarter," so as to make the dut}7 on steel rails
one and a quarter cents a pound.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 31, nays 21 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Anthony,Cameron, Cattell, Chnnd-
ler, Conkling, Corbett, Cragm, Drake, Fen ton, (Jil-
bert, Hamlin, Harris, Howard, Howe, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, O^born, Pattcreon, Pratt, ltamsey,
Revels, Rice, Scott, Sherman, Sprague. Stewart,
Sumner, Tipton, Vv'illey, Williams, and Wilson—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, lioreman, Casseny, Cole,
Davis, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan,
Johnston, McCreery, Morton, Pomeroy, Robertson,
Ross, Saulsoury, Sawyer, Schurz, Stockton, Thur-
luan, Vickeis, and Wurnoi—21.
AISSKN'T—-Messrs. Amos, Eaynrd, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Edmunds, Ferry, Flana-
gan, Hamilton of Texas, lxowcll, Kellogg, Lewis,
McDonald, Morrill of Mnine, Norton, Pool, Spencer,
Thayer, Tiumbuli, and Yates—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,] to strike out the
whole provision as to steel rails.
Mr. POMEROY. I now move, before the
vote is taken on the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina, to strike out the whole clause,
to amend it further in the next line, so as to
make it consistent with what we have done, hv
striking out the words "one and a quarter,"
and inserting "one." It now reads, "on rail-
way bars made in part of steel, one and one
quarter cents per pound." We have reduced
the charge to one and a quarter on steel rails,
and this should now be reduced to one cent;
so I move to strike out the words "and one
quarter," in lines one hundred and eighty-nine
and one hundred and ninety.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from South Carolina, to strike out the whole
provision.
Mr. SAWYER, I withdraw that amend-
ment now.
Mr. POMEROY. I have an amendment to
the bill which I want to introduce, unless the
motion of the Senator from Oregon is goin^
to prevail, to strike out all that relates to the
tariff.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Ido notthink I will make
that motion.
Mr. POMEROY. On the ninety-eighth page,
after line two hundred and six, of section forty-
seven, the tariff section, I move to insert, "on
slates for roofing, twenty per cent." Slate is
almost a raw material, merely split out and
prepared for roofing. The present tariff is
forty per cent. ; it is prohibitory, so that in all
our western country the product of the quar-
ries of slate in Canada cannot be got over.
Forty per cent, is the present tariff on a mere
raw material, slate split up just for roofing.
That is all I have to say about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. The competition in slate
manufacture now all over the country in the
great belt of slate-bearing rocks is so large
that anybody can get slate cheap enough. It
is merely a question whether you will feed the
English and Welsh slate-miners, or feed your
own slate-miners and workers. Forty per
cent, is a fair average with the other provisions
of the tariff, and there is no ground whatever
for reducing it.
Mr. POME HO Y. There cannot be another
instance found of forty per cent, levied on
such a raw material as slate—mere slate quar-
ried out. In the West, where we have nothing
for roofing, we cannot get anything without
sending down to Vermont to some little slate
quarry there, and paying nine dollars a square
lor it, when it could bo delivered at five dollars
a square it'my amendment should prevail.
Mr. MORTON. What importations are
there?
Mr. POMEROY. Almost none.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I hope that this amend-
ment will prevail. I recollect the time when
we got slate from Canada, and it was exten-
sively used in Ohio. Since this duty has been
put upon slate there is scarcely any of that
slate now used in Ohio. The duty is in effect
prohibitory, and there is no reason in the world
why we should be compelled to pay an increased
price for slate; but, on the contrary, it ought
to come in free. The people would save in
insurance more than this tax if you would let it
come in free, by having slate roofs instead of
wooden roofs. There would be greater secur-
ity to the owner of the property; there would
be a less amount of insurance to pay, and
there would lie the greater economy in using
such an article as slate for a roof, which is so
enduring, instead of a perishable article like
wood. Everything should induce us to bring
in this article and give it to the people just as
cheap as we can give it to them. I hope,
therefore, the motion will prevail.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is atruth, I suppose, that
if every article were to come in free, if the
duty forms part of the price, it would make it
cheaper to the consumer. 1 take it that is a
truism which no one will deny. It is a truth
which you might apply to every article in all
the schedules of your tariff, and you could
find no exception. The present rate on roofing
slate is not at a revenue point, and it is both
unwise and unjust to strike down the duties
upon those articles that give employment to
so many in your community when the present
duties are below the revenue standard. That
is all I have to say.
Mr. POMEROY. On an article manufac-
tured, like watches, there is only twenty-five
per cent. duty. That is all labor ; and here is
forty per cent, on what there is almost no
labor on.
