8150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com*
roerce propose to amend the bill by adding the
following as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized, by
and with the advice and consent of tho Senate, to
appoint a surveyor for the port of Eastport, in tho
district of Passamaquoddy, Maine, who shall have
the same power and be subject to the same duties as
other surveyors of the oustoins.
Mr. POMEROY. That does not belong on
this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; it is germane
to the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. To a bill to create a port
of delivery in California?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is establishing a port
of delivery, and is therefore germane. I was
authorized to pat it on the appropriation bill
by the committee.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill is to create a
port of delivery in California.
Mr. CHANDLER. The amendment restores
a port of delivery in Maine. I was directed to
put it in the general appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from Mich-
igan will not put that on this bill. It does not
seem exactly germane.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is precisely germane.
Mr. COLE. Maine is very distant from
California.
Mr. CHANDLER. This reestablishes a
port of delivery which was dropped by acci-
dent.
Mr. COLE. I hare no objection; but the
Senator from Maine disputes the fact.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I notice that the
Senator from Oregon has presented a bill not
unlike the one, but having reference to Beni-
cia, which, if it shall pass, will render this
altogether unnecessary.
,. Mr. COLE. That Dill will not pass; no
one wants it passed, I apprehend, though it is
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mich-
igan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw it at the
suggestion of Senators.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
,to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to reconsider
the vote on the passage of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
.be entered.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will present
some reason why it should be reconsidered. I
do notthink it should be done withouta reason.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be entered.
AMERICAN REGISTERS.
_ The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 227) graqting an
American register to the British-built schooner
Venilia; which was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. '
The Committee on Commerce reported an
amendment, to add to the bill the following:
^Provided, That the owner* of the said lohooner
Venxlia shall pay into tho Treasury of the United
States a tax or duty of twenty per cent., payable in
coin, on the cost or purchase-money of the wreck of
said schooner. .
Sic. 2, And be it further en/icted, That the Secretary
of tho Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
•directed to issue certificates of registry or enrollment
.and license U> the following Canadian-built vessels,
namely: to the bark Cambria, the bark Mary Jane,
the bark Niagara, and the bark Cecilia, said vessels
being owned by citizens of the United States, and
having been employed upon thewaters of the lakes:
Provided, That there shall be paid upon each of said
loreign-buiit vessels a tax or duty of twenty per
cent. on the present value of said vessels, payable in
c >in. the value of said vessels to be ascertained in
the same manner as upon im portations of goods fro in
foreign countries, according to rules and regulations
to bo prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. NYE. I object to that bill.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator from
Missouri to renew his motion. 'It is time for
it. The Senate is doing no business.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to appeal to the Sen-
ator from Nevada to let us take a vote on this
joint resolution. I want to make a statement.
Mr. NYE. Here are five others.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to state the facts,
and to appeal to the Senator from Michigan to
withdraw his amendment.
Mr. NYE. I have had a light here over the
bark Cambria before, and I am not going to
permit a register to be issued to her if 1 can
help it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am with you.
Mr. NYE. I withdraw the objection for the
present.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now I want to state in a
very few minutes this case. The bill is a House
bill, and it provides for granting a register to
a British-built schooner. It has been the prac-
tice of our Government always to grant a regis-
ter to a foreign-built vessel that has been wrecked
in our waters, when it has been repaired, and
the repairs are equal to three fourths of the
cost of tbe vessel. That is your law. The
parties in this case purchased the vessel Venilia
on the rock. When purchased she was sup-
Eosed to be valueless, good for nothing; but
y a streak of good fortune and a high tide
she got off, and was repaired for a little less
than the three fourths of her cost; the papers
say more than two thirds. The House of Rep-
resentatives, on a letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury* have passed a bill authorizing
the Secretary to give a register to that vessel;
and that vessel has been lying in dock for a
year. Now it has gone to our committee, and
they have put on it an amendment which pro-
vides for letting in foreign-built vessels, vio-
lating all the law and all the custom of the
country. I have seen riders put on to bills by
individuals 
Mr. CHANDLER. "Will the Senator allow
me a moment?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER; This was a rider put on
by his colleague on this identical bill. We have
returned the bill just as it passed the Senate
last year and is now before the House. There-
fore, I object to the bill, and move that it be
laid aside. On examination I find that the
bill, justasitstands, as the committee reported
it, passed the Senate before, and this, the Sen-
ator's vessel, was put on as a rider.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 2,1870.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under thiacall memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order.
amendment to the bankrupt law.
Mr. WILLARD introduced a bill (H. R.
j No. 1913) to amend the bankrnpt law; which
: was read a first and second time, and referred
i to the Committee on Revision of the Laws of
j the United States.
i estate held by lewis m. edge,
i Mr. BRO OKS, of Massachusetts, introduced
! a bill (H. R. No. 1914) to relieve the estate held
by Lewis M. Edge from legacy or succession
tax and stamp tax; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
bounty.
Mr. WARD introduced a joint resolution
{H. R. No. 275) giving to soldiers who enlisted
under the call of July 22, 1861, the same
bounty as those who enlisted under the call
of May 4, 1861; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
additional bounties.
Mr. WARD also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. It. No. 276) applying the act of March
3, 1869, giving additional bounties to the sol-
diers whose discharges show they have been
discharged "by order of the War Depart-
ment;'' which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
SIMON D. IIUttD.
Mr. WARD also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1916) granting a pension to Simon I). Hurd,a
soldier of the war of 1812; which was read a
first aud second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War of
1812.
loan and trust company.
Mr. WHEELER introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1916) to incorporate the Loan and Trust
Company of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
leonard harding.
Mr. BENNETT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1917) for the relief of Leonard Harding ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
removal ok political disabilities.
Mr. COX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1918)
to remove all legal and political disabilities;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the select Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, and ordered to be printed.
shipping commissioners.
Mr. O'NEILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1919) to authorize the appointment of ship-
ping commissioners by the judges of the sev-
eral circuit courts of the United States, to
superintend the shipping and discharge of Bea-
men engaged in merchant ships belonging to
the United States, and for the farther protec-
tion of seamen; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
writs of krfeor.
Mr. STONE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1920) to regulate appeals or writs of error from
the supreme court of the District of Columbia
to the Supreme Court of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary? and
ordered to be printed.
william r. haughtos.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1921) for the relief of William
R. Haughton, of Chowan county, North Caro-
lina; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
renewal of land grants.
Mr. BUCKLEYintroduced a bill(H. R. No.
1922) to renew certain land grants to the State
of Alabama; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. HEFLIN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1923) to remove the political disabilities of
certain persons therein named in the States
of Alabama and Georgia; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction.
