5038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Mr. HAMLIN. On diamonds, if the Sen-
ator had looked, lie would have seen that the
duty is much lower still, only ten per cent.
Why is it? Because a man can put a fortune
of them in his pocket. So it is with finely
manufactured articles ; they will not bear a
high rate, because they will evade it. That is
the only reason you do not put on a high rate.
Mr. MORTON. This duty is said to be forty
per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is thirty-five per cent.
Mr. MORTON. That is above the com-
peting point; the Government gets no revenue
from it, and there is no competition, according
to the statement of the Senator from Kansas.
If the true standard and the true test is to put
it so that there will be fair competition between
all the parties engaged in the manufacture,
then this duty is too high, for the Government
gets no revenue. I would be in favor of mak-
ing the article free; hut where we have to get
revenue I think the true point, if you can find
it, is that point where there will be a fair com-
petition between the home producer and foreign
manufacturer. Then we have the advantage of
competition all around, and we get revenue at
the same time that we get the article cheaper.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is a slight mistake
about this 
Mr. POMEROY. I find the duty is thirty-
five instead of forty on roofing-slate. It is
forty on slates.
Mr. WILLIAMS. And the revenue in 18G7
was $29,821 40, and in 1809 it was $85,000.
Mr. MORTON, I did not know about those
figures.
Mr. FOWLER. In 18G9 the value imported
was $86,000, and the revenue was $29,000.
Mr. THUHMAN. 1 did not use up all my
five minutes, and I will take the additional
time to say that this duty is so nearly prohibit-
ory that the whole of the value of all the slate
lor roofing purposes imported last year was
only $85,301; the duty paid was thirty-five per
cent. The whole amount imported was only
$8i).3G4, so nearly prohibitory is this dufy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the Senator from
Ohio will remember that is the foreign valua-
tion, under the delightful way we have of
encouraging foreign industry.
Mr. THURMAN. It is the valuation at the
port of entry. Wo have no foreign valua-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg your pardon, sir;
it is the foreign valuation, and it is just about
half what it is worth in ibis country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely de-
sire to say one word. This duty is less than
the average rate of the duties imposed upon
all our importations.
Mr. HAMLIN. And beiow the revenue
standard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. THURMAN called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. BOREMAN. 1 should like to have
a statement from those gentleman who are
familiar with this matter of the amount used in
the United States, independent of that which
is imported.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. These quar-
ries exist in various States. It would be almost
impossible to state the amount produced, but
it is very large. There has been no complaint
in relation to the duty as now existing except
that there has been a desire that it should be
made specific, because roofing slate is brought
here from Wales in large quantities and very
much undervalued. This duty of thirty-five per
cent, probably does not represent over twenty-
five per cent, on the real value of the article
as it is imported. There has been a strong
endeavor to get a specific duty upon it. The
price is in proportion to the size of the slates.
When they aie oi" largo size they come very
much higher than when they are small.
Jlr. BOREMAN. Does the Senator know
how many persons are dependent on the pro-
duction of slate for support?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can state to my friend from
West Virginia that in the State of Vermont and
the northeastern part of New York there are
very extensive quarries, employing thousands
of men ; and the same may be said of other
parts of the northeastern portion of the Coup-
try, and so down in this direction. It is a very
important interest out of which the people
engaged in it are now only making a living
for their workmen and a very small profit for
themselves.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas as to roofing slate.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CAMERON, (when his name was called.)
I have no desire to vote on this question, as I
have an interest in some slate mines myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania will be excused from vot-
ing, if there be no objection.
The result was announced—yeas 18, nays
27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Colo, Davis, Fowler, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, MeCrecryjPom-
erov, Pratt, Itohertson, Ross,Schurz, Stockton, Thur-
uian,Tipton, Viokers. and Warner—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boromart, Gat-
tell, Conkling, C'orbfttt, Drake, Edmunds, Kenton,
Hamlin, Howard, Howell, Johnston, ICeUogg, Mc-
Donald, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osboin, Ramsey,
Revels, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner,
Willey, and Williams—27.
ABSENT—Mcsms. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham. Cameron, Oaujentei, Chandler, Ori-
gin, ferry, Flanagan, Hem!lion of Texas, llarlan,
Harris, Lewis, Morrill ol' Maine, Morton, Norton,
Patterson, Pool, Riee, Saol.-tmrve Sawyer, Spencer,
Thaj or, Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates;—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
M„\ MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following amendment, to come in on page 97,
after line one hundred and eighty-seven of
section forty-seven :
On sword-blados, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem;
on swords, forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
I desire merely to say that this is to correct
a condition of affairs which when it is once
stated there will be no objection on the part of
any one to making the correction. At the
present time it so happens that sword-blades
unfinished are charged forty-five per cent, duty
and the swords themselves but thirty-five per
cent. I merely desire to reverse the position
of the two articles, so that the unfinished
sword-blades may come in at thirty-five per
' cent, and the swords maybe charged forty five.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have one
] other amendment to come in on page 97, after
line one hundred and eighty-two of the same
1 section :
Prowled, That on gray uncolored morinoes or
delaines weighing less than four ounces per square
yard,composed wholly ot wool, and valued at not ex -
j ceedmg twenty cents per square yard, the duty shall
I be six cents per square yard, and, m addition there-
to, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem; weighing less
than four ounces per square yard and valued atovcr
twenty oonts per square yard, the duty shall be eight
; cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty
i per cent, ad valorem.
This is to remedy another defect in the ex-
isting law. Formerly we had a law by which
these gray goods came in five or ten per cent,
less than those that were colored, printed, or
stained; but in the adoption of the woolen
tariff this was omitted, and this amendment is
to put these gray goods at a slight reduction
from what is charged upon printed, or stained,
or colored goods, l'here were, I may say,
quite a number of establishments that under
■ the tariff of 1861, 1862, and 18G3 imported the
; goods in gray and printed them here or colored
them here, and this is to enable that class of
establishments to continue the business. With-
out it, of course they cannot do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only state that this
is one of a numerous class of cases that came
before the Committee on Finance where some
little correction in the tariff was desired to be
i made to advance personal interests. The Com-
mittee on Finance resisted this class of legis-
lation, and hope the Senate will do likewise.
It may be that this may be all true; but it
makes a new provision of the tariff merely to
protect the staining or coloring of gray goods.
I think it would be extending this tariff too
for. I trust matters of this kind will be voted
down.
The amendments that have been reported
are mainly the conversion of ad valorem du-
ties into specific duties, nearly all of them. 1
believe there are no personal matters of this
kind involved in this tariff. There may bo
some, but if there are I do not know of them.
The Committee on Finance Ik ard the gentle-
man who is specially interested in this matter,
and thought we had better not report the amend-
ment to this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. The effect of this amend
ment, I understand, is to increase tlie duty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is to re-
duce the duty so that the goods maybe imported
in the gray and colored or printed here. It is
a slight reduction upon the printed or colored
Mr. THURMAN. Is it a redaction below
the present duty?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we open the door to
this we shall have thirty or forty others of the
same kind.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I will not
press the amendment.if the chairman resists it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Chair understand the amendment to be with-
drawn V
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir ; I do
not desire unduly to press the question, if the
chairman is disposed to resist it.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Vermont
knows very well that this gentleman was heard
patiently before the Committee on Finance, and
I thought we unanimously agreed that we would
not move such items upon this bill, which is
intended to reduce taxation. A multitude of
persons wanted to have their individual matters
loaded on to the bill, but we refused to agree to
them. It may be that all this gentleman com-
plains about this discrimination is right; but,
under the circumstances, we thought we ought
not to embarrass the bill with such matters.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have one
more amendment. After line two hundred and
forty-nine of section forty-seven, on page 99, I
move to insert " on watch jewels, ten per cent.
ad valorem.''' 1 will state that the duty on
diamonds is nosv ten per cent., and these have
hitherto come under that head. Butby putting
in the tariff the phrase as it came fiom the House,
"watch materials," it may be that watch jewels
will be classed as " watch materials," and a
thousand dollars' worth could be imported in
a thimble. They are imperfect diamonds. [
desire, therefore, that this clausc shall be put
in, in order to avoid a conclusion against them
under the present tariff. That is all.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to move an amend-
ment on page 108, line one hundred and five
of section forty-eight, after the words " De-
partment of Agriculture" to insert the words
or the United States Botanic Garden ;w so
as to allow that garden the same privilege
of importing plants free as the Agricultural
Department has.
Mr. SHERMAN". As they are really for the
United States, I do not suppose there is any
objection to that.
Mr. HOWE. The plants and shrubs im-
ported by this garden are now detained in the
custom-house.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
