1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5039
that amendment. They are really for the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as an additional suction :
And be it further enactccl, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and lie 13 hereby, directed to allow tlie
impnitiitinn of machinery manufactured expressly
for spinning cotton into yarn, free of duty, lor twelve
months irom the passage ot this act, any l;«w to tue
contrary notwithstanding: Ptovitled, That lor any
one manufactory no more machinery shall be im-
ported than is necessary to operate ten thousand
spindles: And provided furthcr, That the exemption
from duty heroin provided for shall be limited to
machinery imported by manulacturers of cottonyarn
for their own use.
It will be seen at once that the object of this
amendment is to encourage cotton manufac-
tures in this country. We are now producing
in this country about three hundred million
dollars' worth of cotton at a gold valuation. Of
that $300,000,000 we export §200,000,000 in
the raw state, just as it is produced. If we
manufactured, as we ought to do, that §200,-
000,000 worth of cotton in this country, we
should double its value, or add to the export-
able product of the country about two hundred
million dollars.
The object of this amendment is simply, for
a brief time, to encourage the building of man-
ufactories in this country, and it is principally
designed to encourage the building of cotton
factories in the South, where the cotton is pro-
duced, so that we may raise the raw product
there and manufacture it and export it in its
manufactured state.
It will be seen that the amendment limits
the importation to machinery manufactured for
the spinning of cotton into yarn. The desire
is to import the machinery so that our manu-
facturers in this country may make an exact
duplicate of the English product, in order to
compete in foreign markets with their article.
England has now almost an entire monop-
oly of the manufacture of cotton yarn for ex-
port or for trade in countries outside of the
United States and outside of her own limits.
I am satisfied, and an examination will show
to any Senator, that we can successfully manu-
factuic this cotton yarn in this country, and
compete in all the markets of the world, and
particularly in the markets of China, with the
English manufacture, il' our manufactories can
but be started and can make the precise
duplicate of the English yarn. The English
machinery differs in many minute details from
the American machinery, and our manufac-
turers cannot compete^ unless they have the
English machinery, which they are importing
now, and paying a duty of thirty-five per cent,
in gold upon it.
I think this amendment is clearly defensible
upon the theory of protection, because it is in
the interest of manufactures ; it is to build up
manufactures. This cotton-spinning machin-
ery is the very tools, the implements of manu-
facture ; and you might as well tax the hoe or
the plow of the husbandman, or the hammer
of the blacksmith, as to tax the machinery by
which cotton is made.
The result of the amendment, if adopted,
will be within twelve months to found a great
many large manufactories of cotton in the
southern States, who will then become the
consumers of cotton machinery and the largest
customers for our home manufacturers of ma-
chinery. There is invested in this country
about two hundred and fifty million dollars in
cotton manufactures, while there is only about
twenty million dollars at the outside invested
in the manufacture of cotton-spinning machin-
ery. The manufacturers of cotton-spinning
machinery themselves will in the end be largely
benefited by this proposition, because at the
expiration of the twelve months fixed in this
act all the machinery that these manufacturers
will want in the future for replacing their old
machinery or for extensions will be required
to be purchased of them. I think it will .be to
their interest to consent to this amendment.
I do not desire to detain the Senate in regard
to the matter. I have made these statements,
and I hope the amendment will prevail.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend the
amendment, so as to place the American man-
ufacturer on an equal footing with the importer
orforeign manufacturer, by addingthese words:
And provided further, That the materials of all
lundsused by manufacturers in constructing cotton
machinery shall be imported free of duty for the
same time.
That will put our manufacturers on the same
footing with, the importers and foreign man-
ufacturers.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was rejected—
ayes twelve, noes not counted.
Mr. SUMNER. When the article of books
was under consideration I asked leave to offer
an amendment to it, but the chairman of the
committee was indisposed to accept it. I now
offer an amendment, to come in 011 page 54,
at the end of line fifty-eight of section forty-
eight, "and books in foreign and dead lan-
guages, of which no editions are printed in
the United States;" so that the clause will
read :
Books which have been printed and manufactured
more than twenty years, and books in foreign and
dead languages, ot which no editions arc printed in
the United States.
I think there can be no objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand, this
would only include Latin and Greek books.
Mr. SUMNER. And French and German
also.
Mr. SHERMAN. French and German are
living languages; but as I understood the
amendment it speaks of " dead languages."
Mr. SUMNER. "Foreign and dead lan-
guages." My idea is to bring in books that
are not in competition with any printed works
of our own country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was disposed to indulge
the Senator in bringing in, free, books in the
dead languages; but as the amendment em-
braces all living languages, and as so many of
our people read French, &c., to their detriment,
perhaps we had better not encourage them any
further in that direction.
Mr. SUMNER. x\nd German also. We
have a large German population here, and we
should allow them to receive their German
books.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought at first the
amendment was confined to the dead languages,
and therefore did not object to it.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the amendment be
read again.
The Chie;f Cleik read the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. You will observe that the
language is "of which no editions are printed
in the United States." Therefore it contem-
plates no competition. There can be no com-
petition under that clause. But it will admit
books in any foreign or dead language which
any person may wish to import. If a person
wishes to import such a book why should he
be compelled to pay a tax upon it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to ask my friend
if this would not be in violation of our treaty
obligations? What right have we to discrim-
inate against books published in the English
language?
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
No question of that kind arises.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit to my honor-
able friend that it might raise a question of
good faith under our treaties.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is very pleas-
ant in putting that question; but he does not
intend it as an argument.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask to have the amend-
ment reported again.
'The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I think it ought, to read
"foreign or dead languages," not "foreign
and dead languages."
Mr. CONKLING. A good many things are
foreign that are not dead, and some things are
dead that are not foreign.
Mr. SUMNER. It should be "foreign or
dead."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to say one word.
Let it be understood, to borrow somebody's
expression, that this is a proposition to except
from impost all the flash novels that are pub-
lished in France, and all the books, good, bad,
and indifferent, uttered in any tongue except
English. I do not know but that this is some-
thing for the benefit of knowledge and adverse
to a tax on knowledge. If the Senate are dis-
posed to vote in favor of a proposition which
seems to me so monstrous, let them so vote;
but let us understand what we do before we
vote.
Mr. THURMAN. Does my friend from
New York propose a discriminating duty, if
we are to have a duty on books, according to
their contents, and to have a hundred per cent,
or a prohibitory duty on flash novels, and a
lower duty on some other kind of literature,
and so on down ?
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President, I do
not wish to deprive my friend and his party
associates of the use of French novels, any
more than I should of some other things which
enter so largely into the constitution of that
party. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. If the gentleman thinks
that that is the kind of reading we have, I can
retort on him that it would be agreat deal bet-
ter to read French novels than to read the poor,
miserable, yellow-covered literature in New
York, which is a miserable dilution of the
French novels. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. I am very glad the Sen-
ator knows so well about that literature in New
York ; I do not.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not think that the bulk
of the books printed in foreign languages and
imported into this country consist of flash
novels by any means.
Mr. CONKLING. Did the Senator under-
stand me to intimate that?
Mr. SCHURZ. No doubt theremay be some
of them imported also.
Mr. CONKLING. But the question is,
whether the Senator, as he imputes to me,
understood me to say any such thing?
Mr. SCHURZ. There are so many good
books imported that I do not think it is an
argument against the free importation of those
good books, that alongside of them some bad
books may be imported. I believe that a very
large quantity, for instance, as far as German
literature is concerned, ofGermanschool books
and very useful books are imported here which
contribute to the general education of the
people.
Mr. CONKLING. Are not German school
books made here also, I inquire of the Senator?
Mr- SCHURZ. There are some of them
made here, but a great many imported.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any school book
printed in German that may not be reproduced
and reprinted here just as well as any other
printing, and much easier, because they are
cheaper in the material of which they are
made?
Mr. SCHURZ. Butldo not refer to school
books alone. The best works of German lit-
erature are now being reproduced in Germany
in very cheap editions, and they ought to be
introduced here free of duty. Why should
they not be?
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my honorable friend
whether this would not be a direct encourage-
ment to the reading and study of German in
this country, where the English language pre-
vails? There are 111 the city of Cincinnati
probably eighty thousand Germans, and they
have many of the most flourishing schools
there, and I do not see why their children at
those schools should have this privilege over
others.
