1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4005
the course of my colleague in this matter is in
•harmony with the speech he made at the be-
ginning of the war, when he wanted Pennsyl-
vania to be arrayed against the North and wilh
the rebels. And it is in harmony with the
^position he took when he seceded from his
church because his preacher was loyal. I
; mean Judge Woodward. I wish to be dis-
tinctly understood, because I want to speak
right to the point, and I know what I am talk-
ing about.
And there is another Pennsylvania friend who
is a slightly tariff man at home, but is here to-
day voting with the men who aie trying to de-
' feat legislation. Mr. Speaker, itisa queer com-
bination. Here are the Democrats of Pennsyl-
vania, who are tariff men at home, and here are
the free-traders of the Northwest, who are free-
traders at home, and we find these two classes
combining here to-day to defeat legislation
which would accomplish good results. Then
there is another friend of mine, the gentleman
from Massachusetts, who must surely have got
alittleoff the track when we find him filibuster-
ing along with the Democrats. [Laughter.] I
mean General Butler. Now 1 want to say a
word to this friend of mine, who did so much to
support this nation in the hour of peril, and for
which I give him, as the nation does, greatcredit.
I give General Butler credit for hanging one
rebel, and the only one who was hung during the
war. He stood by the interests of the country
then, and I hope he will stand by them now.
I ask that he should not part with us now on
the question of protection to American indus-
try, as we look upon it. He did well in his
efforts to protect the Government against trea-
son. But having got in our bosoms the whole-
some tariff sentiments which some of us have,
we cannot butregrethis present course. I have
been sometimes slightly fearful that my friend,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. COVODE. Just keep quiet over there.
[Laughter.] I never interfere with any man
when he is speaking, and I ask the same fair
play. This is by way of variety. We may as
well have a little plain talk before taking the
yeas and nays. [Laughter.]
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] was a
little annoyed when I told him some time ago
that he was working at the wrong bill; that I
did not see where the great pressure came from
to legislate on the tariff question first. I ad-
mit that a good deal can be accomplished by this
legislation, but I have always thought that the
first business was to reduce the taxes.
Mr. SCHENCK, (in his seat.) Of course you
were interested in reducing theincome tax.
Mr. COVODE. That is personal. The gen-
tleman should not throw in such an interruption,
hecause I happen to have a little income; but
I have not yet got quite through with my legal
friend, Judge Woodward.
In the constitutional convention in Pennsyl-
vania Judge Woodward was the man who made
a motion—and he made a very good speech in
support of it—in favor of requiring twenty-one
years' residence to entitle a foreigner to vote
in this country. [Laughter.] Why, he was
an original Know-Nothing before I took any
part in it. Where is he now? Why, he is toady-
ing after the Irish and Dutch vote. [Laughter. ]
And it was from my colleague's district, and
from his own town and his_own party friends,
that the fraudulent naturalization papers em-
anated to defeat the election of a Republican
Senator from Pennsylvania; and the same
parly by the same frauds tried to defeat me
from coming here.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the gentleman's remarks are not
pertinent to the subject before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman only proceeds
by unanimous consent. [Cries of "Go on!"
"Go on!"]
Mr. HALE. I insist on the regular order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 believe I moved that
the gentleman should have the whole afternoon
to address the House.
The SPEAKER. That would x-equire a sus-
pension of the rules, which cannot be done on
Saturday.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope he will be allowed
to proceed by unanimous consent. [Cries of
"No!" "No!" "Object!"]
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has finished I have nothing to say. I
was only going to say that he has done more
to prevent legislation than anybody else in this
House.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, when I
select my biographer he must be a man of
truth, and therefore my colleague has no
chance to become my biographer. When I
debate on this floor 1 debate with gentlemen
sent here by constituencies. I never debate
with a man who stole his seat here from an
honest man for the purpose of selling cadet-
ships. [Cries of " Regular order!"]
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Eldridge,] that the House take a recess until
three o'clock, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe since the last
motion to adjourn was made business has
transpired, business of great importance and
of vast interest to the country, and I there-
fore move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope not; it is early yet.
Mr. WOOD. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. COVODE. I understand that my col-
league, [Mr. Woodward,] after I closed, re-
ferred to me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to this.
Mr. COVODE. It is a personal explana-
tion, and I am entitled to make it. [Cries of
"Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asks unanimous consent to make a
personal explanation. Is there objection ?
Mr. WOOD. I object. We have had enough
tomfoolery.
Mr. COVODE. My colleague made allusion
to me as selling cadetships.
Mr. STILES. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. COVODE. He made a personal allu-
sion to me.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, you appointed a
boy who never lived in your district. I know;
and more than one. [Cries of "Order!"
"Order!"]
The question was put on Mr. Eldridge's
motion, that the House do now adjourn ; and
there were—ayes 64, noes 83.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers wefe ordered ; and Mr. Kelley and
Mr. Eldridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 5(5, noes 70.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 112, not voting
73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Asper, Beck, Bird,
James Brooks, Burr, Crebs, Dickinson, Doekery,
Dox, Eldridge, (letz, Gibson, Haight, H^ldeman,
llambleton, Hamill, Hawkins, lloimn.n, Johnson,
ICnott, Lewis, Marshall. ilcCurmiek, Morpnis, Nib-
laek, Itandal), Reeves, Riee, Kidgway, Sherrod, blo-
cum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann,
Sweeney, Trimble, Van Trump, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—45.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison. Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Atwood, Aycr, bailey. Barry, Boatnan,
Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Blair, Boles,
Booker, Bowcn, Boyd, (JoorgeM. Brooks, Bumnton,
Burchard, Burdett, William T. Clark. Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Cook, Conger, Covode, Cowles, Gullora,
Dawes, Dickey, Donley, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth,Ter-
ms, Fmkelnburg, Giilillan, Hale, Harris, Hawley,
liny. Hooper, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Kelley,
Kellogg, Knapp, uufhn. Lawrence, Logan, Maynard,
McCarthy, McGrow, McKee, McKonzie, Morcur
Eiiakim II. Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Daniel
J.Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, INeglcy, 2s ew-
shani, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Peck,
Perce, Peters. Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Pot-
ter, Prosser,Rogers, Roots. Sargont. Sawyer,Schenck,
Scofield, John A, Smith. William J. Smith, William
Smyfch, Starkweather, Stokes, Stough^on, Strick-
land, Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend,
Twichell. Tyner, Upson. Van Horn, Ward. William
B. Washburn, Welker. Wells, Wheeler,* Whif.mor©,
Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, and Winans—112., -
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Arnoll, 'Vxteli, Banks,
Barnum, Biggs, Bingham, Buck, Buckley, Benjamin
5\ Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna,
Churchill, Cleveland, CUnton L, Cobb. Cohurn. Con-
ner, Cox. Davis, Degener, Dixon, Duval, Ferry,
Fisher. Fitch, Fox. Garfield. Griswold, Hamilton,
Hays, Heaton, Hefiin, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Hotehkiss,
Jonckes, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Koi«ey,
Kerr, Ketcham, Lash, Loughridge, Lynch, Mnybam,
MeCrary, MeNeely, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore, Morris-
sey, Mungen, Palmer, Poland, Sanford, Schumaker,
Shanks,Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Shober,
Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Taffo,
Van Auken, Van Wyck.Voorhees.Wallaoe.Cadwal-
ader C.Washburn, John T.Wilson, and Witcher—'73.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion of the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] that the House now
take a recess until three o'clock, upon which
motion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. It is now nearly three
o'clock, and I suggest to the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] to withdraw his
motion.
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be three o'clock
before the yeas and nays can be called through.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is not quite three
o'clock yet. I would like to have the House
take a recess until that hour.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas30, nays 118, not
voting 82 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Bird, Boyd, JamesBrooks,
Burr, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, ISldridge, Fitch, Gotz,
lluight, llambleton, Hamill, Knott, Lewis, Mayham,
McCormick, MeNeely, Niblack, Randall, Reeves,
Riee, Sherrod. Stiles, Sweeney, Trimble, Eugene M.
Wilson, Winchester, and Woodward—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Armstrong, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Barry,
Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton,
Blair.Booker.George M.Brooks, Buffinton, Burch-
ard, Burdett, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Cook,Con-
er, Covode, Cowles.Cullora. Dickey, Donley, Duval,
.Jyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Finkolnburg, Gar-
field, Giliillan, Griswold, Harris, Hawkins. Huwley,
Hay, IXeliin, Hoar, llolmun. Hooper, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Alexander II. Jones, Kelley. Knapp, Laflin,
Lawrence, Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy, Me-
Crary, McGrew, McKenzie, Morcur, Milnes, Eiia-
kim II. Moore, William Moore, Morrissoy, Myers,
Ncwsham, O'Neill, Orth. Packard, Packcr, Paine,
Peck, Pcrce, Peters. Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy,Porter,
Potter, Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, JoscphS. Smith, William J. Smith,Willinm
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Strader, Strickland, Strong, Swann, Taffe^ Tan-
ner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Tyner, Upson,
Van Trump, Wallace. Ward, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard,
Willwns, Winans, Witcher, and Wood—118.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Banks,
Barnum, Biggs, Bingham, Boles, Bowen, Buck,
Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Calkin, Cessna. Churchill, William T. Clark,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb. Cobui-n, Conner. Cox,
Davis, Dawes, Degener, Dixon, Dockcry, Ferry,
Fisher, Fox, Gibson, Ilaldeman, Hale, Hamilton,
Hays, Heaton, Hill, Hoge, Hotchkiss, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellogg. Kelsey,
Kerr, Ketebam, Lash, Logan, Lynch, Marshall,
McKee, Jesse H. Moore. Morgan, Morphis, Daniel
J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Negley,
Palmer. Poland, Ridgway, Rogers, Santord, Schu-
maker, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Shober, Slocum, John A. Smith, Worthington 0.
Smith, Stevens, Stone, Twieliell, Van Auken, Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Cadwalader 0. Wash-
bum, Well?, and John T. Wilson—82.
So tbe motion for a recess until three o'clock
was not agreed to.
enrolled bill and joikt resolutions.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and joint reso-
lutions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same : ,
A bill (S. No. 97) to fix the salary of the
bailiff of the Court of Claims; .
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 98) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Ameri-
can register to the bark Live Oak and to the
ship Agra, of Boston ; and ,
.Joint resolution (S. B. No. 137) for the relief
of Mrs. E. Grace Stevens.
