4096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
internal tax bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
internal tax bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I see that my motion
for a recess until three o'clock was beaten by
the clock itself. I am satisfied the House
■would have sustained my motion if the clock
had not outrun us and arrived at three o'clock
before the vote was completed. I now move
that a recess be taken until four o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. "Why not make it five
o'clock?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will try four o'clock
first.
• Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] will withdraw
his motion for a recess and let us have a vote
on adjourning. Evidently we are not going to
do anything to-day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bekjamin] can submit a motion
to adjourn as soon as we have had the yeas
and nays on this question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us try now the prop-
osition to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I prefer that the ques-
tion should be taken on my motion for arecess
till four o'clock. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
, On the motion there were—ayes54, noes 66.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Benjamin*
and Mr. Donley were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 50, noes (57.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 43, nays 100, not voting
81; as follows:
YJ3AS—Messrs. Archer, Asper, Beck, Benjamin,
Bird, James Brooks, Burr, Crebs, Dickinson, I)ox,
Dyer, Eldridge, fox, Geiz, Grisivolrt, H,light, Ham-
bleton, HauiUI, Ilcfliu, Alexander II. Jones, Knott.
Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, Wood, and
Woodward—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Amos. Arm-
strong. Arnfill, Atwood. Axtoll, Ayor, Bailey, Bea-
man, Beafty, Bennett, Benton, Blair, Booker,Boyd,
Oooi-Ke M. Brooks, Bnffinton, Burchard, Burdett,
Sidney Clarke, Amaso Cobb. Colrarn, Cook, Conger,
Covode, Co',vies, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dickey,
l-oekery, Donley, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferfiss,
X'lnkclnburg, J itch, Garfield, GiifiUan, Hamilton,
Harris, IWley, Hay, Hoar, Hohnan, Hooper, Itiser-
snll, Judd, Kelley, Kelloga, Knapp, Lallin, Lash,
Lawrence, Maynard, McCarthy, MeGrew, McKenzie,
Milnes, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,
Negloy, Newsham, O'Neill, Ortli, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Peck, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Pommy, Porter,
- oots, Sarsrcnt. Sawyer, Selionck, Scofield,
William J. Smith, William Smytli, Stevenson, Stokes,
Moughton, Strickland, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman,
Tir'-^"seni' Hl'son,Van Horn,Ward.
TtrM,1 15. Washburn. W elker, Wrliceler, WhiUnore,
!,nd Witcher—1CK5.
n JOXiNfe—Mcpsrs. Adams, Banks, Barnum,
liarry, Biggs, Bmfharn, Boles, Bowen, Buck, Eaok-
ley, Benpamui B. Butler. Roderick 11. Butler, Cake,
Calkin Cessna, Churchill, William i. Clark, Cleve-
land, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cox.Degener, Dixon,
ih?1'!! . Haldeman, Hale, Hawkins,
Iteatoii, H'U.Uoge, Ilotehkiss, Jenekes, john-
son,IhomasL. Jones,.Julian, Iielsey,Kerr, Kctcham,
m if' iV"B«hr4?«' ,l{ynch, Marshall, Mc-Cormick,
ie'? Srewr' H. Moore, Jesse II. Moore,
j.ioi [)liis, bamuet P. jNIorUI, Morrissey, Mungen,
GJciC' -V-r"' hotter, Eidgway, San ford,
>.ehuiru«ker, Slianks, Lionol A, Sheldon, Porter Shel-
don bherrod. Shober, Slocara, John A. timilh,
\\ ortbinjrton C. baiith, btarkweathor, Stevens,
blronfr, bw ann, i&2e, \ a,n Auken.V&n Wvck Voor-
Jolm T"witlon-8riad0r aWd8hbu^^«Us' ^
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
survey of isthmus of darien.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce, that it ma\ now be put on its pas-
sage, a joint, resolution to amend the act of
July 28. 1806.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read
for information, after which there will be
opportunity for objection.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the appropriation of §40,000 for the sur-
vey of the Isthmus of Darien, made in the act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 18G7, and for other purposes, ap-
proved July 28, 1866, be so amended that the
said appropriation, or any part thereof, may
be expended under the direction of either the
War Department or the Navy Department, in
the discretion of the President.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What does
the gentleman propose to accomplish by this
resolution ?
Mr. DAWES. I will explain the object.
The original appropriation was, by the terms
of the act, required to be expended under the
direction of the War Department. It has been
found impracticable to confine the expenditure
to the War Department, for the Navy Depart-
ment must participate in the work of making
the survey. The design of this resolution is to
authorize the President to direct the expendi-
ture of the $40,000 under either the War De-
partment or the Navy Department.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The amount
is already appropriated?
Sir. DAWES. Yes, sir; this resolution
makes no additional appropriation.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Now, while
this subject is up, 1 wish to ask the gentleman
whether the official reports to the War Depart-
ment show any probability of discovering any
feasible route across the Isthmus of Darien?
Mr. DAWES. The survey has notproceeded
so far that a very intelligent answer can be
given to that question.
Mr. BROOKS, ofNew York. If there should
be any surplus of this ©40,000, which is hardly
probable, 1 hope that surplus will be directed
toward examinations or reconnoisances of
other routes across the Isthmus.
Mr. DAWES. I presume that will be done.
The object of this resolution is to give the
President discretion to expend the money
through either the War Department or the
Navy Department, as he may find necessary.
Mr. FARN S WORTH. Does the resolution
authorize the appropriation to be diverted from
its original object?
Mr. DAWES. Not at all; nor does it add
t,o the original amount. The act does not
specify any particular route.
There being no objection, thejoint resolution
(H. R. No. 306) was introduced and read a
first and second time. It was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which thejoint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to recpnsider be laid
on the tabie.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to make a propo-
sition to gentlemen on the other side of the
House. I have ready to report from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means a funding bill, and
I desire to report it to the House; but in the
mean time should prefer first to get rid of the
amendment to the bill now pending, I pro-
pose, if gentlemen will give unanimous consent,
that the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the main question was ordered shall be laid on
the table, then to report the funding bill and
ask that it be ordered to be printed, and'then
move to adjourn, so that on Monday morning
we shall proceed to vote directly on the pend°
ing sei .ion.
Mr, ELDRIDGE, I cannot consent myself,
and he will see the reason for it if he will allow
me to state it. I chariged my vote on order-
mg the main question and voted against my
own convictions in order, under the rules, to
be able-to move a reconsideration; but the
gentleman from Ohio was recognized by the
Speaker, who made the motion to reconsider
and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table. I cannot consent,
therefore, that the motion to reconsider shall
be considered as being laid on the table by
unanimous consent, because I should then be
in a false position, without opportunity to set
myself right. I do not impute any ill-treat-
ment to the Speaker for not having recognized
me after having changed my vote to move to
reconsider, because I presume under the rules
it was his duty to recognize the gentleman in
charge of the pending bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. We will all certify that
the gentleman from Wisconsin v/as not in favor
of ordering the main question to be put, and
that he changed his vote in order to secure a
reconsideration. We will all agree that is his
true position, and, if necessary, will certify to it.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio will be accepted by the
House. I think it is entirely fair, and the
minority should not object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me say to the gen-
tleman from New York, we hope to recon-
sider that vote. We hope the motion to recon-
sider will not be laid on the table, and we
believe on Monday morning there will be
enough of absent members returned to help
us defeat the measure.
Mr. WOOD. 1 understand the gentleman
from Ohio does not intend the minority shall
have no opportunity to express itself by its
votes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, he does; he wishes
to have unanimous consent that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table, so the pre-
vious question will then be pending.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will again state what he desires.
Mr. SCHENCK. My proposition is to agree
to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered. That will bring us to a vote on my
proposition to reduce the tariff. We will have
a vote on Monday morning. If my proposi-
tion be agreed to, I shall at once move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There will be
full opportunity allowed for all those who may
come in on Monday morning to vote on the
pending amendment in relation to the tariff.
There is no objection to allowing a vote on the
amendment; but my colleague's proposition is
that the motion to reconsider the vote bv which
the main question was ordered .shall be laid
on the table, so that on Monday morning this
question shall be decided by a full vote. °
Mr. VAN TRUMP, What amendment,?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The proposition
of my colleague is that the vote shall be taken
on Monday morning.
Mr, VAN TRUMP. This includes only one
section, as I understand. I should like to have
the Chair explain the condition of the question.
TheSPEAKEU. The previous question has
been seconded and the main question ordered
on an amendment moved by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] in the nature of
an additional section to the pending bill. If
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table
the House will bo brought to a direct vote on
that section.
_ Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It will not
then be open to an amendment.
Ihe SPEAKER, No, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It applies only
to that one section?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr, BU11R. Does it bring the House to a
vote on that section as a whole, or is it in order
to have a separate vote on each independent
item ?
Ihe SPEAKER. The amendment, under
the rule, is not susceptible of division.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. That is the
main objection on this side to this whole pro-
ceeding. Gentlemen on the other side wish to
