1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4097
make us vote for things we do not like in order
to carry things to which we are favorable.
Mr. SCHENCK. Exactly so.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Now, we are
all in favor of lowering the tariff on tea, coffee,
and sugar.
Mr. SCHENCK. And that is what we pro-
pose to do.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Butatthe same
time the gentleman wants to force us to vote
for a high tariff on steel. We are sufficiently
excused for our filibustering on that ground.
All we ask is that the gentleman will allow us
to vote on the articles separately. We ask for
no debate.
Mr. PETERS. It would take six weeks to
vote on them all.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Not at all.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. What does the gentle-
man from Ohio say in answer to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Minnesota ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I can only say what I
have said before. There are some things in
the amendment which I like, and some things
which I do not like. But I am willing to take
it as a whole, and insist on its being dealt with
as a whole.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Then I am ready to
filibuster on it to the end of the session.
Mr. SCHENCK. For the sake of a little
variety, I desire now, if there is no objection,
to report the funding bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think we had better
adjourn. A rule has been established, on the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, that we
shall adjourn not later than five o'clock, but
for a Saturday afternoon that is a little too late.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would suggest that
we might accomplish a good deal before five
o'clock by proceeding to business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the regular
•oyder.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
question, will the House lay on the table the
naotion to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered on the amendment
ot' the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I submit that the Chair
is under a misapprehension. I call the atten-
tion of the Speaker to the fact that I had made
a motion to take a recess till four o'clock,
which motion is now pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stands cor-
rected. That motion is now pending, and the
yeas and nays have been ordered on it.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move that the
House do now adjourn. , , .
The question was put; and on a division by
sound the Chair stated that the noes had it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let us have tellers on
the question.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Smith, ot
Oregon, and Mr. Ketcham were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 57, noes 67.
Before' the result was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 108, not voting
72; as follows :
YEAS-Messrs. Adams, Archer, Asper, Axtell,
Beck, penjamin, Bird, Burr, Crebs,Dickinson, Uox.
Eldridge, l'itch, Fox, Gets. Gibson, Haight, Haldo-
wan, Hambloton, Hamill, Hawkins,Ilolmaii, Lewis,
Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, McNeely, Morgan,
Morrissey, Niblack, Potter, Randall, Reoves, Eice,
Rulgway, Rogers, Sherrod, Joseph b. Smith, Stiles,
Stone, Htrader, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Trump,
Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Ativood, Bailey, Barry, .Beaman,
Bcatty. Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair. Boles,
Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks, BuiJjnton, Burch-
ard, Burdctt, Sidney Clarke. Amasa, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook. Conger, Covode, Cowles, CoHom, Davite, l)e-
ftenor Donley, Duval, Dyer, Bla, Farnsworth. Fer-
fiss, Finkelnburs, Garfield, Gilfillon, Hamilton.
Harris, liawley. Hay, Hill. Hoar, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Judd, Kelley, Ketcham, Knapp, Lash, Lawrence,
Logan, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew. Meis.ee, Mc-
4] st Coxa. 2d Sess.—- No. 251,
Kenzie, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakirn H. Moore. William
Moore, Daniel J, Morrell,Myers, Negley, Newsham,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Peck, Perce,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Roots, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Sohenok, Scolield. Lionel A. Sheldon,
John A. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Till-
man, Townsend, Twicliell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn,
Van Wyek, Ward, William B. Washburn, Wheeler,
Whitmore, Wilkinson, and Witcher—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ayer, Banks, Barnftm,
Biggs, Bowen, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, ualkin,
Cessna, Churchill,William T. Clark, Cleveland, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Conner, Cox, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon,
Dockery, Ferry, Fisher", Griswold, Hale, Hays, Hea-
ton, Heflin, Hoge, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Johnson.
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julitin, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, Laflin.Lotighridge, Lynch,
McCarthy, Jesse II. Moore, Morphis. Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Mungen, Palmer, Poland, Prosser, Santord,
Schumakcr, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Shober, Slo-
cum, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Strong, Swann, Van Auken,
Voorbees, Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wel-
ker, Willard. Williams, and John T. Wilson—72.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make another
proposition to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
schenck.]
Mr. HOAR. I objcct.
.Mr. ELDRIDGE. We have been demand-
ing a separate vote on all the propositions con-
tained m his amendment. We can now select
seven, and if he will allow us a separate vote
on those we shall be satisfied. They are tea,
coffee, Bessemer steel rails, pig iron, scrap
iron, zinc, and nickel, and one gentleman sug-
gests jute butts.
Mr. BENTON. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. well, if the gentleman
objects to my making the statement, I take it
back, and I ask a vote on my motion that the
House take a recess, which I will modify so
that the House shall take a recess until half
past four o'clock instead of four o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. Would not the gentleman
like to unite with me in unanimous consent
that I may report a funding bill?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will unite with you to
adjourn.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Oh, no ; I am talking
about a funding bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. About what?
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman want
me to report a funding bill?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes; I would like to
have you do it.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I can get unanimous
consent I will do so.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will give you unani-
mous consent. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. We might as well fight
it out until five o'clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We will "fight it out
upon this line " if it takes all night. I demand
the yeas and <nays on my motion to take a
recess until half past four o'clock.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
44, noes GO.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for tellers.
Mr. CONGER. i demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That gentleman is not
on our side at all. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. 1 am not on your side ; but
I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER put the question on order-
ing the yeas and nays, and announced that
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PAINE. I demand tellers.
Mr. RANDALL. He cannot have tellers
after the Chair has announced that the yeas
and nays are ordered.
The SPEAKER. Not after the Chair has
decided that one fifth have voted for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is he not entitled to tell-
ers as against the count of the Chair? He
disputes the count of the Chair, as I under-
stand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
the call for tellers.
The House divided on-ordering'tellers.
The SPEAKER. Fifty members have voted
for tellers on the yeas and nays: but the Chair
will not construe that as a sufficient number to
order the yeas and nays.
Mr. RANDALL. The Chair announced once
that the yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. Tellers have been ordered
by fifty gentlemen, which, under ordinary cir-
cumstances, the Chair would construe as asuf-.
ficient number to order the yeas and nays; but
underthestrietconstruction which prevails this
afternoon he will not so construe it. [Laugh-
ter.] Tellers are ordered; 'and Mr. Hoar and"
Mr. Eldridge will act as tellers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Are not
both of these gentlemen on the same side ?
The SPEAKER. _ The Chair thinks they
can be trusted on this count.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
forty-two in favor of ordering the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. That is not one fifth of
the entire House. [Laughter.] If gentle-
men insist on the other side being counted the
Chair will order it. [Laughter.]
Mr. PAINE. I do not ask a further count.
The SPEAKER. If any other gentleman
insists on it the Chair will have to order it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. No one insists on it.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will con-
sider that one fifth have voted in favor of the
yeas and nays; and they are ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 115, not voting
60; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barry, Beaman,' Beck.
Bird, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Crebs. Davis, Dick-
inson, Dox, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Griswold, Haight,
Hambloton, Hamill, Harris, Hawkins, Ilolman, Alex-
ander II. Jones, Ketcham, Lallin, Lash, Lewis, Mar-
shall, Mayham, MoCormick. McNecly, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Niblack, Potter, Randall, Reeves. Rice.
Rogers, Sargent, Lionel A. Sheldon,Sherrod, Joseph
S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Strader. Swann, Sweeney,
Trimble, Van Trutnp, Eugene M. Wilson, Jolm T.
Wilson, Winans, Winche3tor, Wood, and Wood-
ward—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer. Bailey, Banks,
Bcatty, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles.
Booker, Bowen, George M. Brooks, Bulfinton, Bur-
chard, Burdett, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb. Coburn,
Cook, Conger, Covode, Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, We-
gener, Dickey. Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela. Ferriss,
Finkelnburg, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Hamilton,
Hawley, Hay, Hill. Hoar,Hooper, Hotchkiss, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Judd, Kelley. Kellogg, Ivnapp, Logan,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, McKee,
McICenzio, Moreur. Milnes, Eliakim H.Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Neg-
ley, Newsham,O'Neill,Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine,
Peck, Perce, Poters, Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter,
Prosser, Roots, Sawyor, Sehenek, Scolield. Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William
Smyth, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strirfdand, latte,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman. Townsend, Twichell. iy-
ner. Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward,
WilliamB. Washburn. Weiker. Wheeler, Whitmore.
Wilkinson. Willard. Williams, and Witeher—llo.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnum,
Benjamin, Biggs, Boyd, James Brooks,Buck, Buck-
ley, Roderick R. BuUer, Cake, Calkin, Cessna,,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Cleveland. Clinton L.
Cobb, -Conner, Cox, Dixon, Dockery, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Fisher, Fitch, Gibson, Ilaldeman, Hays,
Heaton, Heflin, Hoge, Johnson, Thomas L. Jo es,
Julian, Kelsey. Kerr, Knott, Lawrence, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Jesse H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill,
Mungen, Palmer, Poland, Ridgway, Sanford, fechu-
malior, Shanks, Shober, Slocum, Worthington O,
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Strong, Van
Auken, Voorhees, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and
Wells—GO.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred npon the motion of
Mr. Eldridge that the House take a recess
until half past four o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. Would not the gentleman
like to vary the entertainment a little by having
the funding bill read?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Very well; if after the
funding bill shall have been read we can then
adllr.r SCHENCK. My proposition has noth-
ing to do with the question of adjournment.
Mr. ALLISON. Let it he read, and after
that, the Chair can ask for objections.
