2210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
pensation of jurors in the District of Columbia ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. FENTON presented resolutions adopted
at a meeting of lumbermen doing business on
the Eocket river, New York, asking protection
for the lumber interests of this country, and
opposing any treaty or arrangement with Can-
ada different from that with other foreigp coun-
tries ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. FENTON. I have a letter from Gen-
eral Prosper M. Wetmore, of the city of New
York, inclosing the memorial and proceedings
of a public meeting of the Carmen's Protective
Association of the city of New York a few
days since, who memorialize Congress on the
subject of the decline of American commerce.
This memorial is signed by a large number of
the staunch citizens of New York, and the
case is very concisely and well set forth in the
concluding paragraph of their memorial, which
I will take the liberty to read:
"They ask that this relief may at least provide, first,
that all materials used in tho construction and re-
pair of vessel shall bo admitted free of duty; second,
that all needful supplies for use at sea shall couio
out of bond free of duty; tliat bounty shall be given
011 American iron, used in construction and repair
of all vessels, oqual to tho amount of duty imposed
on imported iron of similar character; aud third, that
the principle of granting subsidies to soa-going ves-
sels shall bo,opened to free competition solely among
American citizens, and be restricted in all cases to
vessels rightfully carrying the American flag."
I move that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I am requested to pre-
sent a petition signed very numerously by citi-
zens of the city of Uarrisburg in the State of
Pennsylvania, who pray that the Government
will make an appropriation for tho purpose of
building a post office in thai city. I move its
reference to the Committee 011 Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I present two petitions of na-
tives of Ireland, now naturalized citizens and
residents of tbe fourth congressional district
of Pennsylvania, in Philadelphia, asking that
increased protection be given to all industries
which require it, and that in all changes of the
tarilf the interests of domestic industry shall
be considered paramount to every other con
sideration. I move their reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. REVELS. I present a petition signed
by members of the Legislature of Mississippi,
asking the removal of tho district court of the
United States for the northern district of Mis-
sissippi from Oxford to Aberdeen. I move its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. C0N1CLING. I present a memorial
of the leading insurance companies of the city
of Now York, and of various persons, repre-
senting in very large amounts the British spoli-
ation claims, sometimes known as the Alabama
claims. The memorialists set forth clearly the
facts, insisting that they ought not as claim:
ants to abide the event of all the political ques-
tions which may arise between the two Gov-
ernments, and they ask that a commission be
appointed to ascertain the amount of these
claims and give to the holders certificates which
shall be evidence in their hands of the exist-
ence and amount of their claims. I think the
appropriate committee for the consideration
of this question is the Committee on Foreign
Relations; and I move that the memorial be
referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of Franklin Chase, consul general at Tampico,
Mexico, praying an increase of salary, com-
mencing at the date of his appointment as
Consul general; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CASSERLY presented the petition of
Patrick W. Black, of San Francisco, California,
who served as a lieutenant of volunteers, was
wounded in action at Deep Bottom, Virginia,
on the 28th day of July, 1864, and was bre-
veted twice for meritorious services, so that
he left the service as brevet major, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMANpresented resolutions adopt-
ed by the Board of Trade of Cleveland, Ohio,
praying an appropriation sufficient to deepen
St. Mary's canal and river so as to admit ves-
sels of the size which the business pf the lakes
has of late years required to be built; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of John
A. McBean, San Francisco, California, pray-
ing to be allowed apension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWARD. I hold in my hand a com-
munication from General Frdmont to myself,
as chairman of the Pacific Railroad Committee,
which I would very much like to have printed.
It is a matter of considerable importance,
relating to the Memphis and El Paso Trans-
continental Railway Company, and subjects
therewith connected. I hope the Senate will
authorize it to be printed for the information
of the body. 1 move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to. -
UKl'OltTS 01' COMMITTHISS.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 159) authorizing
the Postmaster General to prescribe an earlier
time for the execution of contracts by accepted
bidders, and for other purposes, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of members of the bar of South Carolina,
praying an increase of salary of the district
judge of the United States for that district,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, the committee having already re-
ported on the subject; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. G01) to incorporate the Kansas,
Indian Territory, and Gulf Railway Company,
and to enable the Missouri River, Fort Scott,
and Gulf, and the Leavenworth, Lawrence,
and Galveston Railroad Companies to unite
upon and construct a single track through the
Indian territory and to reach tho Gulf, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
105) extending the time for the completion of
the first section of twenty miles of the Cairo
and Fulton railroad, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Patents,
to whom were referred the bill (H. R. No.
15-19) to enable Ann M. Rodefer, administra-
trix of Joseph Rodefer, deceased, to make
application for the extension of letters-patent
for an improvement in bedstead fastenings;
the bill (H. R. No. 1550) for the relief of John
Murphy, and the bill (II. R. No. 1551) for the
relief of Samuel Gardiner, jr., have considered
the same, and instructed me to report them
back to the Senate with a recommendation that
they be indefinitely postponed. In making
this report I beg simply to say that all these
bills present the case of a failure on the part
of the applicant to file his petition before the
Commissioner ninety days before the expira-
tion of his patent, and there is not a particle
of evidence to show any just excuse for having
so failed, in the opinion of the committee. It
was a mere act of neglect on their part, or
ignorance of the law, and in such cases the
committee think relief ought not to be granted.
The parties having suffered from their own
default are not entitled to any redress on the
part of Congress. They therefore ask that all
these bills be indefinitely postponed.
The report was agreed to; and the bills were
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
William B. Whitney, captain United States
Navy, praying Congress to confer on Rear
Admiral Charles Stewart the title of rear ad-
miral on the retired list, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which wa,s
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. It. No. 163)
for the relief of certain officers of the Navy,
reported it without amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 138) for the relief
of Abbott Q. Ross, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. DRAKE. In connection with the bill
just reported for the relief of Abbott Q. Ross,
I ask the Senate to consider it now. It is a
bill that has once been passed by the Senate
and came within ten minutes of passing the
House of Representatives at the close of the
last session of the Fortieth Congress. It is.a
bill the character of which will be shown in a
moment. It has been examined very labori-
ously by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
with a report in its favor, and if there is no
objection I think it had better be passed.
Mr. WILSON. 1 shall object to that. A
bill so important ought not to be acted upon
in the morning hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill cannot now be consid-
ered.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise for the purpose of
withdrawing the objection I made the other
day to tho passage of the bill for the relief of
General Paul. 1 am convinced I did wrong
in objecting to it; and I beg the Senate now to
put the bill on its passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better get
through the morning business, and then I shall
have no objection to the Senator having the
floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio objects. Reports of committees are
still in order.  
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred tho petition of
Alexander C. Twining, praying for the exten-
sion of a patent, submitted a report accom
panied by a bill (S. No. 704) for the relief of
Alexander C. Twining. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed..
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 331) to increase the mail steam-
ship service between the United States and
Chinaand Japan, reporteditwith amendments.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of William James, late collector of
internal revenue for the third district of Vir-
ginia, praying Congress to allow him the sal-
ary, commissions, and emoluments of his office
up to the date of June 12, 1868, and also to
allow him moneys paid by him as collector of
internal revenue into the Treasury over and
above the assessment lists, to ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration. I deem
it proper to state that the first branch of the
claim of the petitioner is expressly prohibited
by act of Congress; that during the suspension
of an officer he cannot draw the pay or the
emoluments of an office; and as to the second
branch of the claim the Department settles the
accounts of all these officers according to the
law.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. POMERO Y. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
660) incorporating the Southern Transconti-
nental Railway Company, and granting tho
