1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4099
the threshold that the bill cannot be reported
while the previous question is pending on
another proposition.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 30, nays 89, not voting
102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Archer,
Asper, Bird, Booker. James Brooks, Burr, Crebs,
Dawes, Dox, Gretz, liaight, Hambleton, Hamill, Haw-
kins, Holman, Hooper, Judd, ICnott, Lewis, May-
ham, MeCormick, Mclteuzie, McNeely, Morgan,
Niblack, Potter, Randall, Rogers, Sherrod, Stiles,
Strader, Swann, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, "Win-
chester, and Woodward—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell, Atwood, Ayer,
Bailey, Barry, Beatty, Benton, Bowen, George M.
Brooks, Bufflnton, Burehard, William T. Clark, Sid-
ney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Conger, Covode, Davis,
Degener, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Ela, Eldridge,
Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Fox, Gilflllan, Griswold, Har-
ris, Hay, Hefiin, Hill, Iloar, Ingersoll, Kelley, Kel-
losrg, Knapp, Lawrence, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McGrew, MeKee.Mereur, Milnes, Eliakim
H.Moore, William Moore, Dani-el J.Morrell, Myers,
Negley, Ncwsham, O'Neill. Packard, Packer, Peek,
Peters. Piatt, Pomeroy. Porter, Prosser, Reeves,
Rice, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Schencli, Scofleld, Slo-
eum, John A.Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Strickland, Strong, Taylor. Tillman,
Townsend, Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van
Horn, Wallace, Welker, Willard, Williams, John 'i.
Wilson, and Wifccber—89.
NOT VOTIN G—M essrs. Armstrong. Ax tell, Banks,
Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Biggs,
Bingham, Blair. Boles, Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Bur-
dctt, Benjamin F. Butlor, Roderick R. Butler. Cake,
Calkin, Cessna. Churchill, Cleveland, Clinton h.
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conner, Cowles, Cox, Cullom,
Dickinson, Dixon, Dockery, Dyer, Farnsworth,
Eerry Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Gibson, Ilaldeman,
Hale, Hamilton, Hawley, Hays, Heaton Iloge,
Hotehkiss, Jenclces, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kels&y, Kerr, Ketcham,
Laflin, Lash, Logan, Loughridge. Lynch, McCrary,
Jesse H. Moore, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Orth, Paine, Palmer, Perce, Phelps,
Poland, Ridgway, Sanford. bchumaker. Shanks
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon. Shober, Joseph
S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton Sweeney, laflo,
Tanner, Van Auken, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voor-
hees. Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Wbitmore, Wilkinson,
and Wood—102.
The roll-call having been completed,
The SPEAKER said: On the motion of
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] that
the House do now adjourn, the ayes are 39,
and the noes are 80. So the House refuses to
adjourn. The hour of five o'clock having
arrived, the House, pursuant to order, stands
adjourned until eleven o'clock on Monday next.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rale,' and referred to the appropriate
committees: . . .
By Mr. BENTON: The petition of Benja-
min F. Wells, for a pension.
Bv Mr. COWLES: A petition for care and
custody of persons convicted of criminal offenses
in the United States courts who become insane
during their term of imprisonment.
Bv Mr. FINKELNBURG: A petition of
members of the Missouri bar, asking increase
of salary for United States judges.
Bv Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of James
M. Selover and others, of New York, m favor
of a bill to incorporate the International Soci-
ety of the United'States.
By Mr. POLITER: The petition of T. b.
Paige, jr., and others, colored citizens of Nor-
folk, Virginia, with accompanying affidavits,
Braying an amendment to the enforcement bill
by which an adequate remedy may be applied
to the late fraudulent election in that city.
Also, a similar petition by Albert Portlock
and others, colored citizens of the same city.
By Mr. SARGENT: A memorial of mer-
chants and others, citizens of San Fran°isco,
California, in relation to the Alaska seal fish
" enBy Mr. SMITH, of Ohio: The petition of
George W. King and others, of Georgetown,
' Ohiof praying for the abolition of the duty upon
tea and coffee, and also for reduction of the
duty upon sugar and molasses. , w „
By Mr. SWANN: The memorial of W. B.
Moses, David Lee, and 63 others, citiaens of Bal-
timore, State of Maryland, protesting against
any advance in the rate of tax on smoking-
tobacco, class sixteen, &c.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
David Creel and 4 others, of Ross county,
Ohio, soldiers of the war of 1812, praying Con-
gress to pass a general pension law in favor of
the surviving soldiers of said war.
By Mr. WELLS: A petition of the repre-
sentatives of Morris Brady, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, for compensation for a steamboat taken
for the use of the United States.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 6,1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
OltDEB OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories, beginning with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order for printing and ref-
erence.
SCHOONER, L. S. DAVIS.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2117) to carry into effect the decree
of the circuit court of the United States for
the southern district of New York in the case
of the schooner L. S. Davis, her tackle and
cargo; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
TELEGRAPH TO BERMUDA.
Mr. WILL ARD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2118) to facilitate telegraphic communication
between the United States and the Bermuda
islands; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
LOST EVIDENCE OF INDEBTEDNESS.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 307) to enable the owners to
obtain duplicates of lost evidence of indebt-
edness against the United States ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
MILITARY AND POST ROAD.
Mr. VAN WYCK introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 308) to aid in the construc-
tion of a military and post road from West
Point, in the county of Orange, State of New
York, to Cornwall Landing, in the samp county ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
BUILDING SHIPS FOR FOREIGN TRADE.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 300) to
encourage the building ot ships for loreign
trade, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
select Committee on the Causes of the Reduc-
tion of American Tonnage, and ordered to be
printed.
SARAII HOUSTON.
Mr. GILFILL4JSF introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2119) granting a pension to Sarah Hous-
ton, widow of Lieutenant Robert Houston, late
of the sixty-third regiment Pennsylvania vol-
unteers ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
INTERNAL REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. PLATT introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 310) amending the internal revenue
laws: which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means. -
RELIEF FROM POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2120) to relieve from political
disabilities citizens of North Carolina; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2121) to relieve from
political disabilities William II. Thomas, of
Jackson county, North Carolina; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
WESTERN NORTH CAROLINA RAILROAD.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2122) incorporating a
branch of the contemplated Southern Trans-
continental Railroad Company, under the name
and style of the Western North Carolina Rail-
way Extension Company; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Railways and Canals, and ordered to be
printed.
SEA ISLAND LANDS.
Mr. BOWEN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2123) to provide for the sale of certain lots
and lands in the sea islands, Beaufort county,
South Carolina, and for other purposes ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. HEFLIN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2121) to change and modify an act entitled "An
act to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States," approved M arch
2, 1867: which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Revision
of the Laws of the United States.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. HEFLIN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2125) to remove the legal and political dis-
abilities of certain persons therein named in
the State of Alabama; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. BARRY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2126) to remove political disabilities, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
LEVEES ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. HARRIS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 311) appointing a committee to
consider a system of leveeing the Mississippi
river lands ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
CLAIMS OF LOYAL CITIZENS OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. NEWSHAM introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 312) to provide for the pay-
ment of loyal claimants of the State or Louis-
iana for property taken or destroyed by the
United States forces engaged in the war for the
suppression of the rebellion ; winch was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
RED RIVER.
Mr. NEWSHAM also introduced a joint
resolution (II. R. No. 313) to provide for the
repair of the levees on the Red river, between
Shreveport, Louisiana, and the mouth ol the
Red river, Louisiana ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
FRANK LYNCII.
Mr. UPSON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2127) for the relief of Lieutenant Colonel b ran k
Lynch: which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Milit U
Affairs.
JOHN L. BEITS.
Mr PECK introduced a bill (H. K-
2128) for the relief of John L. Belts ; winch
was read a first and second time, and referred
o the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
