1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2211
right of way and lands in aid of its construc-
tion, have had it under consideration, and direct
me to ask that the committee be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. SAWYER. I object. I hope that ref-
erence will not bo made. It is a question
proper for the Committee on Public Lands to
consider. I do not suppose the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad are expected to take
charge of all railroads that may hereafter be
brought forward in Congress. This bill, it
. seems to me, presents a mere question of the
disposition of a certain amount of public land.
Mr. POMEROY. This is exactly a Pacific
railroad bill. The Senator from South Caro-
lina must not understand that the Committee
on Public Lands are hostile to the measure or
to the bill. It is simply a southern railroad,
by the way of El Paso, to the Pacific ocean;
and if any bill in the world should go to the
Pacific Railroad Committee this bill should.
I do not suppose there is a member of the
committee hostile to it, but they believed it
was infringing on the rights of the Pacific
Railroad Committee of this body for them to
consider a bill that was purely a Pacific rail-
road bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I concede that it is a Pacific
railroad bill; but if I am not mistaken about
the constitution of the present Pacific Railroad
Committee, it was not organized with the pur-
pose of controlling or managing the considera-
tion of all possible Pacific railroad projects.
I concede that if you take the title of the Pacific
Railroad Committee it is entirely proper to say
that a Pacific railroad bill appropriately goes
to them. But was that committee constituted
for the purpose for all time of considering all
possible Pacific railroad projects?
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that to be
precisely what they are constituted for—to con-
sider all Pacific railroad bills. I do not sup-
pose they are specially favorable to any one
locality for a road across this continent, it
would be a reflection on that committee to sup-
pose that. They are constituted by this body
to consider every project that proposes to build
a Pacific railroad; anditison that account that
the Committee on Public Lands, who merely
administer upon the public lands, did not feel
themselves authorized to decide upon a Pacific
railroad route.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope this discussion will
be brought to a close. I trust the wish of the
Committee on Public Lauds may be gratified
on this occasion. The Pacific Railroad Com-
mittee have already sent them a bill this morn-
ing, so tliat we have a Roland for an Oliver.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Pacific Railroad
Committee will consider only Pacific railroad
bills there will never be any trouble between
the committees.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on discharging the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands from the further consideration of
this bill, and referring it to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. SAWYER. I withdraw the objection.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads if that committee has
acted on the bill to prevent sham bidding? It
is necessary that it be passed immediately if
it is to have effect.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will inform the Senator
that a few moments since I reported back
that joint resolution to which he refers from
the committee, with the recommendation that
it pass.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have it
passed immediately. I ask unanimous con-
sent that it be passed immediately.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope it will be passed at
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that that
resolution relates to bids already in. I object
to its consideration now, if that is its effect.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read before you
object.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let it be read at length.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read for information, and then the Chair will
ask for objection.
The Secretary read the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 159) authorizing the Postmaster General
to prescribe an earlier time for the execution
of contracts by accepted bidders, and for other
purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
joint resolution ?
Mr. CORBETT. I object, until I can have
an opportunity to examine it.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 705) to reduce the number of officers and
enlisted men of the Army and to fix the pay
of officers ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 706) to relieve sundry citizens of the State
of Florida from political disabilities; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the se*
lect Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
580, to fix the point of junction of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company and the Central
Pacific Railroad Company. It is a bill that
ought to be acted upon very soon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to inlroduce a bill.
After that I shall have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The intro-
duction of bills is still in order.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 105) relative to a voyage
to the arctic regions; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 707) to amend an act entitled " An act to
incorporate the Freedmen's Savings and Trust
Company," approved March 3, 18Go; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
GABRIEL 11. PAUL.
Mr. CAMERON. I now renew my motion
to take un the joint resolution for the relief of
General Paul which was laid over the other
day at my instance. It will take but a mo-
ment, I am sure. *
Mr. IIO WARD. The bill to which I have
referred is of so much importance to the great
railroad companies concerned that I must in-
sist on taking it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor,
and he asks unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution indicated by him.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 158)
for the relief of Brigadier General Gabriel R.
Paul; which permits him to receive the full
pay and allowances of a brigadier general in
the Army, that being his rank when wounded
and on which he was retired.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
I time, and passed.
JUNCTION OF PACIFIC RAILROADS.
Mr. HOWARD. I now ask the Senate tc
take up Senate bill No. 580.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 580) to fix the point of junc-
tion of the Union Pacific Railroad Company
and the Central Pacific Railroad Company.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad re-
ported the bill with amendments, so as to make
it read:
Be it enacted, &c„ That the common terminus and
point of junction of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company and the Central Pacific Railroad Company
shall be definitely fixed and established on.the lino
of railroad as now located and constructed north-
west of the station of Ogden, and within the limits
of section thirty-six of township seven, of range
two, situate north and westof the principal meridian
and base line in the Territoiy of Utah, and the said
companies are hereby authorized to enter upon, use,
and possess said section and sections twenty-five,
twenty-six, and thirty-five of township seven, of
range two, and section six of township six, and sec-
tions thirty and thirty-one of township seven, of
range one; all situate north and west of said princi-
pal meridian and base line, with the same rights,
privileges, and obligations now by law provided
with reference to other lands granted to said rail-
roads : Provided, however. That the Secretary of the
Interior shall designato a section of land in said
township belonging to said companies, and reserve
the samefor the benefit of schools in said Territory,
in accordance with the act of February 21, 1855,
establishing the office of surveyor general of Utah
and to grant land for school and university purposes:
Provided, also. That said companies shall pay for any
additional lands acquired by this act at the regular
(rovernmont price: And provided further, That no
rights of settlers shall be afjected by this act.
Mr. SHERMAN. The last proviso ought to
read, "no rights of private persons," because
there may be persons that have titles there. I
do not know that there is such a case, but there
may be.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; say'''persons"
instead of "settlers."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments will be so modified if there be no objec-
tion. The question is on the amendments as
modified.
The amendments, as modified, were agreed to.
Mr. CASSEHLY. I should like to hear the
bill reported at the desk. 1 have not yet been
able to learn exactly what it is.
The Secretary road the hill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The last clause ought to
be modified so as to read, '■ no rights of per-
sons to any property embraced in this act shall
be affected." 1 think it ought to be clear that
tliis will only be a sale of Government land,
and not of the property of private persons.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly. But I think
the language of the honorable Senator will
guard every possible case, "provided that no
rights of private persons shall be affected bv
this act."
Mr. SHERMAN. "No rights of private
persons to any portion of the land."
Mr. CONKLING. It would be better as it
is now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make it very
clear, that no personal rights shall be affected.
Mr. HOWARD. It is so now, but the Sen
ator can put in his own language.
_ Mr. 1HURMAN. The bill is broader as it
is than the suggestion of my colleague.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; let it stand
no rights of private nersons shall be affect-
ed."
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to ask the ebair-
v-ii ie cornm^tee which has brought in
this bill how near Ogden does this bill fix the
junction, and whether east or west
of it?
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator has the bill
before him. It declares " that the common
terminus and point of junction " of the two
companies " shall be definitely fixed and estab-
lished on the line of railroad as now located
and constructed^ northwest of the station at
Ogden, and within the limits of" the sections
ot land thereinafter mentioned. It does not
