1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3155
only thirteen hundred hands, and in which
$2,000,000 are invested.
Mr. HOAR. I will inform the gentleman from
New York that such a school as he describes j
for the instruction of workmen in chemistry,
mechanical engineering, and other things of
the kind, has been established in the town
where this manufacture has gone on, at a cost
of $500,000, and very largely by the contri-
butions of tbe working men themselves who
are engaged in this business. Thirty thousand
dollars were raised in one shop.
Mr. COX. Accordingto the gentleman from
Massachusetts, they want this protection on
this branch of manufacture for the purpose of
instructing the workmen, when it seems that
these manufacturers are making so much al-
ready by the bounty of our tariff that they can
give $500,000 for the purpose of instructing
these skilled workmen.
Mr. BANKS. I do not ask that they shall
be instructed by the Government, but I ask
that, being instructed, the Government shall
not take such a course as to suspend these
works and discharge these hands and impose
on the manufacturers the necessity of organ-
izing a new set of hands.
Mr. COX. Why does not the gentleman
apply that to other subjects?
Mr. BANKS. I will.
Mr. COX. When a man instructed in the
law makes $1,000, why do you not give him
ten dollars out of the public Treasury V So in
regard to the construction of ships in Maine,
where the art has almost gone out of exist-
ence. Why did you not keep up the building
of ships there for fear there would be a diver-
sion of ship-building from that State? All these
arguments come down at last to one proposi-
tion, that unless gentlemen from Massachusetts,
Pennsylvania, or New Jersey, who have special
interest, can live out of the public crib they
will not live at all. With all their Yankee in-
genuity, with all their boastful skill, while they
make machines that almost think, which work
day after day with nice manipulation, and hav-
ing the property of easiness and refinement
beyond almost human comprehension, these
gentlemen come here and say to the Govern-
ment, You must protect us against the foreign-
ers who are coming here with a better article.
[Here tbe hammer fell.]
Mr. COOK. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] a question.
Is the machine of which you speak now being
manufactured under a patent, so that the pro-
tection the amendment would give would inure
to the benefit of a patentee and not of the
public?
Mr. HOAR. I am unable to answer the
gentleman's question precisely, because the
bringing of this machine to perfection has been
the result of a number of distinct improve-
ments. I do not understand the machine is
protected, as there are some twenty-six manu-
factories.
Mr. COOK. When did this manufacture
begin ?
Mr. HOAR. The origin ofthis manufacture
was quite long ago.
The committee divided; and there were—
'22, noes 31; no quorum voting,
lhe CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
rie,rs > an^ appointed Mr. Cox and Mr. Hoar.
lhe committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 44, noes 54; no quorum voting.
. ^''e CHAIRMAN. The committee finding
itself without a quorum, it is the duty of the
Wiair to cause the roll to be called, in order
that the names of the absentees may be re-
ported to the House.
f ' ',e Clerk proceeded to call the roll; and the
lollowiog members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs Adam?) Atwood, Axtall, Bailey, Barnum,
Bm- • 8?8' Bingham, Boles, Bowen.Boyd, Burr.
S"'" *• Butler. Roderick It. Butler, Sidney
tF Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Crebs,
ElilrCi ne8' Dixon, Dockery,Donley, Dox. Dyer,
kliMjre, Faros worth, Pitch, Fox. Uaight, faalde-
m&n.Hamill, Hamilton, Hawkins,Heaton,Hill,Hoge;
Hotcbkiss, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kel-
logg, Kerr, Lawrence, Logan, Marshall, Mayham,
McNeely. Etiakim II. Moore, Morgan, Mungen,
Palmer, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Ridgway, Sargent,
Schumaker, Sherrod.Slocum, Stevens, Tanner, Tay-
lor, Townsend. Twichell. Van Aukfin, Van Horn,
Van Trump, Voorhees. William B. Washburn, Wel-
ker, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward.
The committee then rose ; and Mr. Scofiei.d
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Wheeler reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union having,
according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 1068, to amend existing laws relating
to the duty on imports, and for other purposes,
and finding itself without a quorum, he had,
under the rule, caused the roll to ba called,
and now reported the r.ames of the absentees
to theHouse, in order that they maybe entered
upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A quorum
having answered to their names, the only thing
in order is for the committee to resume its ses-
sion.
The committee then resumed its session,
Mr. Wheeler in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers, Mr. Cox
and Mr. Hoar, will please resume their places.
The question is on the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hoar,] which the Clerk will again report.
The Clerk read as follows:
Before the word "on''in line three hundred and
ninety-one insert the following:
On machine-card clothing and handcards, whether
of iron, steel, or brass wire, stuck in leather, cloth,
ruhbsr, or paper, or however manufactured, 50 per
cent, act valorem.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 64, noes 57.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr; Chair-
man I desire to amend that amendment. I
move to strike out "50 per cent," and insert
" 36 per cent.," which is a rise of 1 per cent,
on the existing duty.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman from New York that it is not in
order to amend an amendment which has just
been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I move
to strike it out.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
move to strike out what has just been inserted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is it not
amendable in any form ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is amendable by
addition only. The entire paragraph is still
under consideration.
Mr. BROOKS, ofNew York. I move, then,
to add to the amendment the following words :
Provided, That tho patents under which these
machine cards are manufactured shall be surrendered
to the Government.
Now, Mr. Chairman, these gentlemen who
have those machines in Worcester——
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I beg to
inform the gentleman that there are no patents.
Mr. BROOKS,ofNew York. Then there will
be nothing to be surrendered. I am informed
that there are patents, and if I am misinformed
and the gentleman from Massachusetts is better
informed, the public can hereafter judge be-
tween us. It is not likely that an ingenious
invention when adopted by our Yankee fellow-
countrymen would be left unpatented.
Mr. MAYNARD. What does the gentleman
propose that the Government shall do?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I decline to
yield to furtherinterruptions. Thisisan increase
of duty for the benefit of a particular manu-
facturer, without the authority of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and against the report
of the Committee of Ways and Means, from
35 to 50 per cent, ad valorem. It is a bounty
to all intents and purposes for that special
business, and if it is carried it is carried into
the position in which the ayes and noes can be
obtained upon it in this House. It is an enorm-
oas bounty created with little or no discussion
and inserted in a strange and very anomalous
place.
The gentlemen from Massachusetts tell us
that their skilled labor requires to be protected.
Why! our Yankee countrymen must have
greatly degenerated since tbe time when I left
New England, if the brain, ingenuity, capital,
and education of New England are not amply
sufficient to maintain their skilled labor against
all the skilled labor of the world. I have no
doubt that this machinery now in question is
the best kind and the best form of such ma-
chinery on earth, and that these people are
now profitably making these very cards at 35
per cent, ad valorem, though they are asking
for 50 per cent. This bounty for skilled labor
is a mere pretext to cover what is against the
interests of people who are as intellectual and
as cultivated as the people of New England
are. This is a mere device to obtain a higher,
I will not say protection, but a higher bounty
from the Government. That is wliat it means,
and all that it means. And I say that if we
begin to yield to every little manufacturer that
comes here and demands an additional bounty
for a manufacture in which perhaps some 100
people are engaged, and if we tax 40,000,000
consumers for the benefit of this manufac-
turer, employing some hundred hands, we
might as well at once throw this bill out uf
sight, out at the front door of the House of
Representatives, and tell every little manufac-
turer who is here, or who may come here, to
write down what he wants, and we will bring
it into the House of Representatives and pass
it. I cannot conceive a more indefensible
proposition than that which has just been
offered, and which, to my utter amazemeut,
has passed by a majority of seven, although in
a thin House.
Mr. GR1SWOLD. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman whether the duty is not already pro-
hibitory—whether any of these articles are now
imported, as the duty stands?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I cannot
answer the gentleman. Probably the fact is
as he indicates. It may be that these gentle-
men regulate the prices in such a manner as
just to keep the foreigner out, and will put up
the prices when they have a monopoly of the
market by the duty being put at a rate which
is entirely prohibitory.
Mr. HOAR. I am not surprised that the
amendment just adopted by the committee
seems to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] peculiarly offensive. This is not a
proposition to encourage the bringing over to
this country or the establishment in this coun-
try of manufactories of fraudulent voters.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the manufacture of votes has
nothing to do with the proposition now under
consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. HOAR. That is precisely what I was
intending to say. This is a proposition which
will enable the employers of the skilled labor-
ers of this country to continue to pay their
skilled workmen, who spend four y^ars in
mastering the process, wages of $4 a day,
or $1,200 a year, and to prevent their being
stricken down by a nation which pays its
skilled laborers in the same business one third
or one fourth part the Bame wages. It is not
because the labor or the inventive genius of
this country cannot compete in skill or in pro-
duction with that of any other. It is because
in this country we have institutions which will
not^ tolerate the keeping of men of skill and
brain enough necessary for the manufactures
of this class to starvation wages; and the
proposition of the gentleman from New York,
if it succeeds in defeating the amendment
which has just been adopted, will have the
effect to do what has been done already within
the last year, compel a large number of these
manufacturers to close their shop3 and dig-
