1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
the innocent blood of Speakm&n, a citizen of
my neighboring State ?
I appeal to the members of this House. Sirs,
what would be your feelings were you there
striving, at the sacrifice of everything near and
dear to you, to acquire that boon of freedom
you had learned from yonr neighbor to love,
and then see that teacher in the embrace of
your oppressor flaunting the emblem of liberty
in your very face ? Have we learned to love
royalty so much that we fear lest we should
cross its desires or run counter to its plans?
Shall we exercise no discrimination as to whom
we will and will not accord the rights of bel-
ligerency ? Must we wait as long in the case
of those who are struggling for freedom and
the right of self-government against bondage
and oppression as in the case of those who
are fighting to impose burdens? What is
the basis from which our international policy
springs? Is it freedom or oppression ? Is it mon-
archy or self-government ? Is it bondage or lib-
erty. If we claim that it is based on the right
of representation and true liberty, then let us
extend that policy to every bright oasis that
springs up amid the regions of oppression.
Our Chief Magistrate has said that the peo-
ple of this nation sympathize with that people
struggling to free themselves from a Govern-
ment they believe to be oppressive. Yes, sir ;
the great heart of this mighty nation swells and
heaves with sympathy for Cuba; and could one
vast chorus of cheers sweep across the narrow
strait, in spite of all conventionalities and legal
crotchets, it would sound above the waves that
dash against the coast one hearty " God speed
the cause of freedom in Cuba!"
Mr. Speaker, having in these remarks accom-
plished the object I had in view in entering the
motion to reconsider, I am willing that this
subject shall be considered by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and I therefore move to lay
on the table the motion to reconsider the vote
by which my resolution was referred.
The motion was agreed to.
determination of election contests.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of introducing and
adopting the resolution which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Retained, That the following be adopted as a rale
of the House:
A special Committee of Elections shall be chosen
In each contested case, as follows: the Speaker shall
designate t, day for the choice of such committee,
and shall rive the House at least five days' notice
thereof. At. ten o'cloek in the forenoon of the day
so designated the standing Committee of Elections
shall meet publicly in the Hall of the House of
•Representatives, and shall prepare alist of the names
of the Representatives holding uncontested seats in
the House, excepting such as shall not have answered
to their names during the current session of Congress,
and excepting also such as shall have been already
designated as members of two special Committees of
Elections during the current term of Congress. The
committee shall then inclose in a box all the names
on snch list, and after the same shall have been thor-
oughly intermingled shall eause twenty-one to be
drawn outsingly and read aloud, and, unless objected
to, recorded.
Either party may object to any of the names so
drawn, and the same shall be rejected, and other
names, in like manner, drawn in lieu thereof, sub-
ject also to objection and rejection, until the names
drawn without objection shall amonnt, either alone
or added to the number of names remaining in the
box, to precisely twenty-one. The twenty-onenames
so obtained having been recorded, the parties shall,
in the alphabetical order of their own names, strike
each onenamefrom the list, successively .until twelve
Shall be stricken therefrom; and the Representa-
tives whose names shall remain shall constitute the
special Committee of Elections for such contested
case, and in the trial thereof shall be subject to the
laws, rules, and orders hitherto regulating the pow-
ers, duties, and proceedings of the standing Commit-
tee of Elections, so far as the sameshall be applicable
thereto.
The final decision of a majority of the whole special
committee so chosen shall be reported to the House,
and shall stand as the order of the House, unless the
il ouse shall otherwise determine.
11ns rule shall not apply to any case in which a
final report shall have been submitted to the House
by the standing Committee of Elections before the
adoption of the same; nor shall it be the rule of the
House of Representatives of any future Congress
unless expressly adopted by such House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine} move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of simply introducing the
resolution ?
Mr. PAINE. No, sir; for the purpose of
introducing and adopting it.
The SPEAKER pot the question, and said:
In the opinion of the Chair, two thirds have
not voted in the affirmative.
Mr. PAINE. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to ask a parlia-
mentary question. Is there no means by which
we can have this subject discussed ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot be discussed
upon a motion to suspend the rules, that
motion not being debatable.
Mr. RANDALL. I think that if the propo-
sition were understood it would not meet with
any opposition.
The SPEAKER. The questio n is on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. If the rules be suspended,
will not the subject then be open for discus-
sion?
The SPEAKER. It will not. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] has so framed
his motion that the suspension of'the rules
will adopt the resolution.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 69, nayg 95, not voting 63; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnum, Beck,
Bird, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Burchard,
Burr, Calkin, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Cox, Crebs,
Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dox, Eldridge, Faras-
worth, Finkelnburg, Getz, Golladay, Greene.Halde-
man, Hawkins, Hoar, Iiolman, Johnson, Thomas
L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Longhridge, Lynch, Marshall,
Mayham, McCormick. McCrary, McKenzie, Mc-
Neely, Mungen, Niblack, Paine, Palmer, Poland,
Pomeroy, Potter, Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rice,
Ridgway, Rogers, Schumaker, Slocum, Joseph S.
Smith, 8tiles, Stone, Strader, Swann, Tanner, Trim-
ble. Van Auken, Yoorhees, Wells, Wheeler, Eugene
M.Wilson, Wood, and'Woodward—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Arnell,
Asper, Ayer, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham,
Blair, Boles, Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
dett, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Dixon, Donley,
Duval, Ferry.Fisher, Fitch, Gibson, Griswold, Hale,
Hawley, Heaton. Hefiin,Hill.Hoge, Hooper,Hotch-
kiss, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones Judd, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence,
Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew, Mercur, Jesse H.
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Packard, Packer, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Prosser,
Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes,
Stoughton,Strickland, Strong,Taffe, Tillman, Town-
send, Twichell,Tyner,Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader
C.Washburn,William B.Washburn,Welker.Whitte-
more, Wilkinson.Willard, and Witcher—95.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Bailey,
Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Biggs, Booker, Bowen,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
Cessna, Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Covode,
Cullom, Davis, Dickinson, Dockery, Dyer, Ela, Fer-
riss, Fox, Garfield, Gilfillan, Haight, Hambleton,
Hamill, Hamilton, Hay, Hays, Iugersoll, Julian,
Ketcham, Logan, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey,
Orth, Porter, Sherrod, Stevenson, Sweeney, Upson,
VanTrump, Williams. John T.Wilson, Winaus, and
Winchester—64.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the resolution just voted upon be
referred to the Committee on the Rules.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object. As I an-
nounced the other day, I feel constrained to
oppose this proposition at every stage.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of referring the resolu-
tion to the Committee on the Rules.
On the motion there were—ayes 82, noes 38.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order during the pendency of the motion to
suspend the rules.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion of Mr. Stevenson was agreed
to; and the rasolution was referred to the Com- i
mittee on the Rules. >
Mr. WARD. I move to reconsider the last
vote.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not open to reconsideration.
REDUCTION OF NAVY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1243) to
reduce the number of officers in the Navy of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
REPAIR OP SPANISH WAR VESSELS.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas the Washington Chronicle of this day con-
tains the following:
"Spanish War Vessels Coming for Repairs.
"NbwYork, February 13.—Orders have been re-
ceived from Washington to have tlio doclia cleared
preparatory to the reception of the Spanish iron-clad
frigates Victoria and Lealtad, which are daily ex-
pected."
And whereas there are doubts whether there is
any law or treaty with Spain which imposes on this
Government the duty of repairing Spanish vessels
of war under the circumstances now existing: There-
fore,
Resolved, That the President be respectfully re-
quested to inform this House, at the earliest con-
venient moment, whether the orders referred to liavo
been given, and if so, by what authority.
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vole
by which the preamble and resolutions were
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
emilt c. montgomery.
Mr. ARMSTRONG, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1244) granting a
pension to EmilyC. Montgomery; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
daniel fuller.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also, by unanimous con-
Bent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1245) grant-
ing a pension to Daniel Fuller; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
establishment of steamship service, etc.
Mr. AXTELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1246) to amend an act
to authorize the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States
and the Hawaiian Islands, and to extend the
same to'Australia; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. ROGERS'. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved by ike House of Representatives, That the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau be, and he
thereby,directed to furnish this House at no early
day with a full and detailed statement of all moneys
drawn from any fund at his control as Commissioner
and turned over to or expended on account of How-
ard University, the freedmen's hospital in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, whether for land, buildings, and
building materials, rendering a separate account of
each, both for the university and the hospital, with
the names of the persons or firms to which these pay-
ments were made, and all moneys paid on account
of the falling of the first hospital building; also what
amount of bonds, other than Government bonds, of
any corporate association or associations ho has pur-
chased, and what use or disposition has been made
of the same or any of them; and that in addition the
Commissioner be, and he is hereby, directed to famish
this House with copies of all contracts and accompa-
nying specifications for the erection of the buildings
on the university grounds, and upon the grounds
occupied by the freedmen's hospital.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to that.
message from the president.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Porter,
one of his Sscretaries.
alaska.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
