3156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2;
charge their workmen, and render the time
which the working man has spent in mastering
this difficult and complicated process lost to
him, and throw a large number of workmen
out of employment where their wages are pro-
portioned to their skill, and bring them into a
class of ordinary laborers who are merely paid
for the muscular work which they perform.
But, sir, of course this amendment is not
intended seriously. There are no patents that
anybody in this House knows of. The amend-
ment provides that the patents shall be sur-
rendered to the Government. He does not
undertake to say that American patents exist
protecting this manufacture. If they are Eng-
lish patents the proviso would not be very likely
to be effectual. What the Government is to do
with them, whether it, is expected that the
manufacture of machine-card clothing will be
attaohed to the Printing Bureau, the gentleman
from New York does not inform us. I suppose
that after my amendment has been adopted it is
unnecessary to take up further time in opposing
a proposition like this.
ITr. ELDR1DGE. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the words:
Provided, That there shall bo a record made of it
in the Patent Ofiiee.
I offer that amendment for the purpose of
replying to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] in some things that he has said.
The gentleman's anxiety, as would appear from
his speech, is to protect or to preserve and
utilize the skilled labor of the country. Now,
I would do anything that the gentleman would
to advance the interests of skilled laborers. I
am in favor of the laborer; but this method of
reaching him, this method of providing for
him, I am certainly opposed to. The gentle-
man would protect the employer in order that
he may continue to employ his laborers. We
ought to protect the laborers in a more direct
manner. In general, the employer is the robber
ot the laborer, and this, in my judgment, is
amply a bounty to the employer to oppress
the laborer more and more.
ilr. SCHENCK. 1 rise to a question of
order. An amendment was offered by the
gentlemau from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,]
which wasadopted. The gentlemau from New
York [Mr. Brooks] proposed to amend by
adding to what had been adopted a provision
for the surrender of the patents to the Govern- i
ment; but he argued against the amendment
already adopted. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] replied, and now the
discussion is going on upon the merits of aa
amendment which has been adapted. I make
the point of order that gentlemen must confine
themselves to the reasons why the pending
amendment should be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. Tne gentleman from
Wisconsin is aware of the rule and will proceed
in order.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Mr. Chairman, these
patents are so valuable that you ought to give
no bounty at all. I am told by gentlemen
who understand this subject that they are the
best in the world, and 1 insist that the skilled |
laborers whom it is proposed to preserve in i
employment ought to have protection directly ;
instead of having it go through the. hands of >
the tyrants who would oppress them as well as !
oppress the people of the West. I insist that j
if we would protect skilled labor we should do '
it directly. Let us make provision for skilled j
laborers and give them bounties, if you will, j
provide a school for them, as suggested by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox;] add i
another department at West Point and send
them there at the public expense; but do not |
put the money you would give to them into ii
the hands of the employer, so that he may
further oppress them. That is all I desire to
say.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and having made all the speech I want,
X will take my seat.
The amendment of Mr. Eldridge to the
amendment of Mr. Brooks, of Now York, wat
not agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Brooks, of New
York, was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I now move,
i in order to meet the argument of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] to add
to his proposition the following:
1 Provided, That the workmen In all these factories
shall have SI per day in addition to their existing
pay.
The otyectof my amendment is simply this;
we give these manufactures an enormous
bounty  
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I mean to
, be in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. My point of order is, that
! the proposed amendment is not germane to a
I tariff bill; that it is not in order in a tariff bill
, to undertake to regulate the wages of the
j workmen in this country.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend the pending paragraph by striking out
the words " included, embraced, or enumerated
in this act," and inserting in lieu thereof
"otherwise provided for,"sothat that portion
of the paragraph will read, "On iron of any
size or description, not otherwise provided for,
1 cent per pound," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr- SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
j further amend this paragraph by striking out
! the words "materials than iron," and insert-
! ing in lieu thereof the words "metal, or of
which other metal shall be a component part
of chief valne;" so that the paragraph will
I read:
! On. iron of any si«e or description, not otherwise
provided for, 1 eent per |>Ound: Provided, That iron
I in any form or description, charged with a duty und( r
[ thi8 act, shall not be changed Irom its classification
because of any partial or complete manufacture into
any articlonot designated, unless it shall be a part
of gome finished manufacture, composed in chief part
of other metal, or of which other metal shall be a
component part of chief value.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to have some
explanation of this amendment.
Air. SCHENCK. I thought the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Alijison] and myself and all
the rest of the members of the Committee of
Ways and Means had agreed to this, amend-
ment and understood it perfectly. As the par-
agraph now reads it is, " uuless it shall be a
part of some finished manufacture, composed :
in chief part of other materials than iron."
We propose to make it read : |
Unlets it shall be a partef pome finished manu-
facture, composed in chief part.af other metal, or of
which other metalshall bQacompoiusntpattof chief
value.
■ The object of the amendment is, that this
paragraph shall not apply to'eases where there
may be a machine, a great deal of which may •
be composed of wood, leather, Or something
else than metal, and confine it to those ma-
chines of whieh some metal shall be a chief
component part. ;
The amendment was agreed to. .
The next paragraph was read, as follows: !
On chains, trace chains, halter chains, and fence
chains, made of wire or rods not less than threo
eighths of an inch in diameter, 2i cents per pound; J
less than three eighths of an inch in diameter, and
not less than No. 9 wire gauge, 3 cents per pound;
less than No. 9 Wire gauge, 5 cqnts per pound.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of Ways j
and Meaus have instructed me to move to
strike out this paragraph, leaving the tariff as i
it is. _ !
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
On wrought-iron washers, nuts, bolts, ox rivets
wholly or partially finished, of all descriptions
punched or unpunched, 3 cents per pound. '
Mr. SCHENCK. ThB Committee of Ways
and Means have instructed me to move to
amend this paragraph so as to make the duty
2£ cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have been instructed to
move to insert after this paragraph the follow-
ing:
On wrought-iron hinges, weighing not more than
two pounds to the dozen pair, 26 per cent, ad valorem
in addition to the present duty.
Mr. BROOKS) of New York. I want to
know the object of this amendment. This is
the first I ever heard of it.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] inquires the object of this
amendment. I am not aware that any objection
was made to it in committee; perhaps there was.
The Committee of Ways and Means find that
there are hinges made of which a dozen pairs
very often will not weigh more than a pound,
or two pouuds, or three pounds. And they
propose that in the case of those that weigh
less than two pounds per dozen pairs, instead
of being subjected to a tariff of 2} cents per
pound, operating as hardly any duty upon
them, that there shall be an ad valorem, duty.
Take the case of hinges a dozen pairs of which
weigh only a pound, a tariff of 2} cents on the
whole dozen pairs is iu very inadequate pro-
portion in any respect whatever to their value.
There was no proposition made to increase
generally the tariff on hinges, but only to pro-
vide for the case of those which are so small
that the duty at so much per pound, without
an ad valorem rate, amounts to no tariff at all.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Here is an
additional rise of 2a per cent, ad valorem on
the smaller classes of hinges. Whenever the
protectionists or bounty men desire it for their
own purposes they go for an ad valorem duty;
but when that does not suit their purposes they
denounce the system of ad valorem duties. In
this case an ad valorem duty is put forward as
a part of necessary protection. At other times
we are told that specific duties are necessary.
In this case a specific duty is changed into an
ad valorem. I only wish to call attention to
the fact that here is another increase of duty
as we go along.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that the amendment
be again read. It is in itself a sufficient argu-
ment in reply to the gentleman.
The amendment was again read-.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were1—
ayes 45, noes 32; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Brooks, of New York,
were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 09, noes 46.
So the amendment was agrfeed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On wrought-iron washers, bolts, or rivets, wholly
or partially finished, of all descriptions, punched or
unouncheii, 3 cents per pound,
■ On wrought-iron welded pipes, tubes, and flues, of
all descriptions, 3 cents per pound.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend the paragraph last read by striking out
"3" and inserting "2J," so as to make the
duty 2J cents per pound. Aduty of 3 cents per
pound on these articles istoo high. These tubes,
the House wiilremeimber,are.whatsteam* pipes,
ga?-pipes ami. water-pipes are made of. They
are largely in use, and will continue to be, in
all parts of the United States. I submit a cal-
culation upon this subject:
Wrought-iron Flues.
Ad valorem.
Per cent.
Duty 2 cents per pound:
On 2-inch fluee....„   412-100
On 2^-inch flues   52 31-100
On 3-inchflues   5214-100
On 3i-iach flues....   5371-103
■ Average ad valorem, 50 54-100 per cent.
Average total protection, 82 54-100 per cent.
Total
protection.
Per cent.
75 59-100
84 53-1L0
84 67-100
85 05-100
