254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff'—Mr. Wilson.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
cle purchased. AVe imported during the last
year $463,000,000; of those leading articles
of consumption, cotton, woolen, and iron, some
$76,000,000. We manufactured at Rome of
the same articles about $459,000,000. We
paid duties upon $76,000,000imported,amount-
ing to $40,000,000, which was an increase of
the price of the articles to that extent. The
price of the $459,000,000 home production,
not being held down by foreign competition,
was similarly raised, the increase amounting
to $238,000,000, which we paid, not into the
Treasury, but into the pockets of the manufac-
turers.
EFFECT OF TARIFF 03f MINNESOTA.
I represent principally a farming constitu-
ency, though residing at the most promising
manufacturing point of the Northwest. Upon
us this tariff is specially burdensome. We are
subject to its heavy drafts with but little of its
compensating benefits, if any such exist. Time
will not permit going into extended particu-
lars, but I will illustrate its effects by a few
instances.
It is estimated that the people of the United
States use on an average 100 pounds of iron a
year per head. The population of my State is
near 500,000. We use, then, annually 25,000
tons of iron. The tariff on this will average
more than $20 per ton, and raise the price that
much. My State is thus paying $500,000,
each year tax upon the use of iron alone. It
isupon theplows, harrows, hoes, axes, wagons,
chains, stoves, thrashing-machines, reapers,
mowers, horseshoes, everything into the pro-
duction of which iron enters.
But this increased price of iron injures us in
another and more serious manner. It increases
the cost of our transportation ; it increases the
cost of constructing steamboats and railroads
and keeping them in repair. This increase is
large, and largely increases freights. A calcu-
lation made with reference to the Milwaukee,
Minneapolis, and St. Paul railway shows that
from this cause alone the transportation of
wheat from the center of ourStatg to Lake Mich-
igan has increased four centsabushel. It would
be moderate to add six cents a bushel more
for the balance of the route to the sea board.
The luxury of our tariff on iron, then, costs
us $1,000,000 extra to move our surplus crop
to tide-water market. One and a half millions
does this tariff, then, take from us in increased
prices. Less than $250,000 of this goes into
the Treasury; more than $1,250,000 to the
iron manufacturers for profits.
The people of my State use at least $5,000,-
000 worth of clothing annually. The price of
this clothing is raised by the tariff some 70 per
cent. Without it what costs them $5,000,000
would cost but $3,000,000. The remaining
$2,000,000 is a tax, about $700,000 to the Gov-
ernment and $1,800,000 to the manufacturers.
We have within the last fewyears constructed
800 miles of railroad in our State. The cost
of railroads over our prairie country is in-
creased at least one fourth by increased price
of material consequent upon the tariff. Under
a proper scale of duties we might have built
with the same capital 200 miles more road.
This would have opened 6,000 square miles
of country to settlement, 24,000 homesteads,
and have given us 100,000 more population.
Of this development and its consequent ben-
efits we have been deprived by this protective
system ; and yet it is proposed by this bill to
raise the tariff on railroad iron from $15 G8 per
ton to $22 40.
Mr. CAKE. The gentleman from Minne-
sota will allow me to state that when the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
reported the bill he said that articles not spe-
cifically mentioned would remain the same as
before. Now, railroad iron is a particular kind
of iron, and of course will remain subject to
the present duty.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The statement
of the chairman of the committee can have no
weight against the obvious language of the bill.
It provides "that iron of every character and
description not herein enumerated shall pay one
cent per pound." If the gentleman can estab-
lish his proposition that railroad iron has neither
character or description, then he may be right;
not otherwise. My construction is the only one
the language will legally bear.
Mr. MAYNARD. Such was not the inten-
tion of the committee. It may be that some
verbal alteration is necessary in that part of
the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. There cer-
tainly is. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Negley] in his spcecli upon this subject
makes a statement which I see announced in a
Philadelphia paper in large head lines as a
"hard nut for free-traders to crack." He
states that in the manufacture of railroad iron
$18 of agricultural products are consumed to
^ch ton. Accept, for the sake of argument,
his statement. We cannot make a profit of
over 20 per cent, on agricultural products.
Our advantage, then, of their consumption is
but $3 60 per ton. This bill proposes to make
us pay $20 enhanced price upon this same ton
of railroad iron. Not so hard a nut to crack,
after all.
FALLACIOUS ARGUMENTS OF PROTECTIONISTS.
But how are these facts met by the advocates
of that system ? They tell us we are more than
compensated for all this tribute by the market
they create for our grain; that their greater
demand raises the price of agricultural products
and gives the tax-ridden farmer his compensa-
tion. Let us examine this point. The great
iron State of Pennsylvania fails to raise wheat
enough to support herself by 3,500,000bushels.
Of the whole surplus in" States raising more
than what is needed for home consumption
Minnesota furnishes one ninth. We then sell
Pennsylvania one ninth of her deficiency, or
near 400,000 bushels. Our whole profit or
advantage in selling this could not exceed
$80,000. This, then, is all we get from Penn-
sylvania fortlie $1,500,000 extra we are obliged
to pay by reason of her tariff policy.
The whole deficiency of wheat in the defi-
cient States amounts to 30,000,000 bushels.
Of this our share of sales would be but
3,333,338J- bushels, and our advantage from it
but $660,000. Thus the whole profit of our
sales of wheat to the manufacturing States
does not pay one half the tariff on iron alone.
Where does our surplus go ? It goes out with
the $70,000,000 worth of wheat and flour
exported.
This whole idea of the immense amount of
consumers created by a high tariff while the
most specious is at the same time the most
fallacious of .the protective arguments. It has
only gained credence from the general failure
to make calculations. It is but a small portion
of the manufactures that are fostered by a
tariff. Were it not for the duty on raw mate-
rial, or lower order of manufactured articles,
none would be needed on the higher branches,
which employ the great proportion of the oper-
atives. A tariff on iron renders necessary more
tariff on steel; a tariff on iron and steel renders
necessary a tariff on all the articles manufac-
tured from them. Thus in the manufacture of
iron into bar there are employed in the United
States only 115,000 hands. Of these but
54,500 are employed in manufacturing pig iron,
the remaining 00,500 in forges and rolling-
mills. Now, were there no tariff on pig iron
there would be little or none neededon bar iron;
so that the pig-iron operatives should alone be
considered in the class of consumers created by
a tariff as a market for agricultural products.
The thousands and tens of thousands of men
working in iron, machinists, blacksmiths,
wagon-makers, &c., need no tariff to protect
them except against the advantage which a
foreign competitor has in obtaining iron duty
free. Thus, in arriving at the whole increase of
consumers that could be claimed as made so
under a tariff policy, we must only number
those engaged in the production of the raw ma-
terial and the common articles of manufacture.
The Commissioner of the Revenue combines
all those engaged in the manufacture of cotton,
the woolen, and pig and bar iron business, and
estimates they would use but 4 J per cent, of the
agricultural products of the country. These are
the great interests protected by the tariff. Wc
now manufacture three fourths of these articles.
Should we by prohibitory duties secure the
other quarter and that increase of operatives,
they would in all use but 6 per cent.
Mr. McCARTHY. That would be more than
you sell abroad.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. This might be
the case with some articles of food, but not with
the great staple, wheat. We last year exported
34,000,000 bushels of wheat and 3,200,000
bushels of flour, equivalent to 50,000,000
bushels of wheat. As I have said before, the
whole deficiency in the deficient States is only
30,000,000 bushels. The consumers of these
States are not all or half engaged in manufac-
turing ; so that we export at least three times
as much as we sell to the manufacturers.
But to return to the point that the consum-
ers created by a tariff could not take more than
G per cent, of the agricultural products. What
appreciable influence would this have upon our
grain and provision market? None at all.
Under the highest tariff the country has ever
known wheat in my State only brings 60 cents
a bushel.
HIGH TARIFF INJURES MANUFACTURING INTEREST.
Mr. Chairman, so far from the present tariff
building up manufacturing consumers it has a
contrary tendency. While some are fostered
others are injured. I reside far up the Missis-
sippi, at the Palls of St. Anthony, a point of
more manufacturing promise than any other
in the Northwest. The citics of Minneapolis
and St. Anthony there situated, with a popula-
tion of some 20,000, manufactured last year
products valued at $6,500,000, andyetamid all
this there is but $210,000 worth, the products
of oil and woolen mills, that can be claimed to be
helped by a tariff. The commercial city of
St. Paul, with an equal population, manufac-
tured near $2,500,000, and yet not one dollar
of it is aided by this protective policy. All
of the $9,000,000, except two and a quarter
per cent., is injured by it.
The lumber product at the Falls of St.
Anthony and on the St. Croix amounts to
$3,000,000 annually. There largely enter into
the product saws and machinery, iron, rope,
tools, clothing, groceries, &e., all greatly in-
creased in price by the high duties. It is esti-
mated by those conversant with the matter that
the cost of manufacturing lumber is increased
at least twenty per cent, by this means, for every
dutiable article purchased by operatives for
themselves or their families must go into the
general costs; and thus those using our lum-
ber, the farmer for his fences, the house-builder
for his house, the railroad companies for their
bridges, are paying this bonus of $600,000 on
lumber for the luxury of a tariff. The duty
you place on imported lumber is of no benefit
to our manufacturers. Our market is upon
the opening prairies around us and to the far
West, and no Canadian product can come in
competition.
My friend from the lumber district of Mich-
igan, [Mr. Strickland,] in his speech upon
this bill, has made some curious calculations.
In his earnest attempt to crcate a. large num-
ber of consumers, he sums up hands and their
families connected with the lumber trade in
