1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4101
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been completed, the
■next business in order is the call for resolutions
to be presented for consideration at the present
time. The call at the conclusion of the morn-
ing hour on last Monday rested at the State of
New York.
ABOLITION OF DUTY ON COAL.
Mr. WARD submitted the following resolu-
tion, on whichhedemanded the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
is hereby instructed at the earliest moment prac-
ticable to report a bill to this House to abolish the
tariff on coal so as to secure that important article
of lucl to the people free from all taxes.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to refer that reso-
lution to the Committee of'Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order pending the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. COX. I should like to insert salt in
that resolution.
Mr. MeCARTHY. This being a tax bill,
must it not have its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
The SPEAKER. It is not a tax bill in that
sense. It is a resolution of instruction to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and if the pre-
vious question be seconded and the main ques-
tion ordered, it will be for a majority of the
House to pass or reject the resolution.
The Ilouse divided j and there were—ayes
87, noes 69.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Maynard an4
Mr. Ward were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 90, noes 62.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. CAKE and Mr. KELLEY demanded the
yeas and nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 76, not voting
47 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam.", Allison, Ames, Atwood,
Bailey, Banks, Beatty, Beck, -Bennett, Biggs, Bird,
Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard, Burr,
Benjamin F. Butler, Churchill, William T. Clark,
Sidney Clarke, Conger, Conner, Cowles, Cox. Crebs,
Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Degencr, Dox.Dyer, Ela, El-
dridge, Farnsworth, Fcrriss, Finkelnburg, Fisher,
ii'itch. Fox, Gibson, Griswold, Haight, Hale, Harris,
Hawley, Hay, Hays, Heflin, Hoar, Holman, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander
IL Jones, Judd, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott,
Lafiin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge. Lynch,
Marshall. Mayham, McCormick, McCrary, McNeely,
Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Niblack, Orth,
Packard, Paine, Peck, Pomeroy, Potter, Reeves,
Sargent, Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocum, Joserh S.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strong, Sweeney,
TalTe, Twiehell. Tyner, Van Trump, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Whitmore, Williams, Eugene M.Wil-
son, Winans, Winchester, and Wood—li)7.
NATS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Axtell, Barry,
Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,Bingham,Blair,Bowcn,
Bodcrick XI. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Amasa Cobb, Oo-
vorle, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Get/,, Gilfillan, llaldc-
man. HamiH, Hawkins, Hill, Kelley, Knapp, Lewis,
Majnard, McCarthy, McGrew, McKee. McKenzic,
Mercnr, Milnes, Eiiakim II. Moore, William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, News-
ham, O'Neill, Packer, Perce. Phelps. Piatt, Prosser,
Randall, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers, Roots, Sanlord,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith, Stokes, Stone, Strader,
Strickland, Taylor. Tillman, Townsend, Trimble,
Lpson, Van Wyck, Wallace, Welker, Wells, Willard,
John T. Wilson, Witcher,and Woodward—76.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Arncll, Asper,
Ayer, Barnum, Boles, Booker. James Brooks, Bucx,
Buckley, Burdett, Calkin, Cleveland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Dickinson. Dixon, Dockery,
Ferry, Garfield, Hambleton, Hamilton, Heaton,
Jlogo, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kelsey, Jesse H.
Moore, Mungen, Palmer, Peters, Poland, Porter,
Shanks, Shober, William J. Smith. Stevens, Stiles,
Swann, Tanner, Van Auken, Van Horn, \oorhces,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wheeler, and Wilkin-
son—^.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
During the vote,
Mr. RANDALL stated that his colleague,
Mr. Stiles, who was absent on leave, if pres-
ent would vote uno."
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. KELLEY. I demand the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I mo>ve that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to a
privileged question. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered,
for the purpose of amending the resolution by
adding salt.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
' Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to give his attention one moment.
Before we reconsider the vote ordering the
main question let notice be given that we shall
insert tea, coffee, and sugar; so as to give us
a direct vote on all these necessaries of life.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And matches.
Mr. WOOD. Give us a square vote on
them all.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table takes precedence. The yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 78, nays 112, not voting
40 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Axtell, Ayor,
Barry, Beainan, Benjamin, Benton, Bmgbarn, Blair,
Boles, Booker, Bowcn, Buck, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Cessna, Ainasa Cobb. Covode, Dickey, Donley,
Duval, Garfield, Gctz, Gilfillan, Haldeman, llamill,
Hawkins, Ilill, Kelley, Knapp,Lewis,Maynard.Mc-
Carthy, McCormick, McGrow, MoKenzio, Mercur,
Milnes, Eliaknn II. Moore, William Moore, Morphia,
Daniel J.Morrell,Myers,Neglcy.Newsham,O'Neill,
Packer,Peice, Pholps, Pioit, Prosser,Randall,Pace,
Ridgway, Rogers, Roots, Sanfoid, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith, William
J.Smith, Stokes, Stone, Slrader, Strickland, Swann,
Taylor, Tillman. Townsend, Upson, Van Wyck,
Welkor. John T. Wilson, Witcher, and Wood-
ward—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Atwood,
Bailey, Banks, Beatty, Beck, Bennett, iiiggs. Bird,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Bullinton,Burch-
ard, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Coburn. Cook, Conger, Conner, Cowlcs, Cox,
Crebs, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dogener, Dixon, Dox,
Dyer, 131a, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fcrriss, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Fox, Griswold, Haight, llale, Harris,
Hawley, Hay, Hays, Ileflin, Holman, Ilotchkiss,
Ingcrsoil, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander XI. Jones,
Judd, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Lalhn, Lash,
Lawrcncc, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall,
Mayham, McCrarv, McNeoly, Jesso H. Moore, Mor-
gan. Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Niblack, Orth,
Packard, Paine, Peck, Peters, Pomeroy, Potter,
Reeves, Sargent, Schumaker, Porter Sheldon, Shor-
rod,Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,Worthington C.Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stough-
ton, Strong, Sweeney, Tanner, Trimble, Twiehell,
Tyner.Van Trump, Wallace. Ward,'William B. Wash-
burn, Wells, Wheeler, Whitmore, "Wilkinson, Wil-
liams, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, and
Wood—112.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Asper,
Barnum, Boyd, Buckley, Burdett, Calkin, William
T. Clark, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Dickinson,
Dockery, Ferrv, Fitch. Gibson, Hambleton, Hamil-
ton, Heaton, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper/Thomas L. Jones,
Julian, Kcl&ey, McKee, Mungen, Palmer, Poland,
Porter, Shanks, Shober, Stevens, Stiles, TafTo. Van
Auken, Van Horn, Voorhees, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, and Willard—-10.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw that motion, lest it may have the effect
of endangering the passage of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. WOOD. Would it be in order now to
move an amendment to the resolution?
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. COX. I renew the motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, with a view to
getting rid of the duty on salt.
Subsequently,
Mr. COX said : I will withdraw the motion
for the present, and will take another oppor-
tunity of having a vote upon salt.
The'SPEAKER. The question recurs, "Will
the House agree to the resolution ?u
Mr. CAKE. On that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; andit was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays78, not voting
40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Atwood,
Bailey, Banks, Beatty. Beck, Bennett, Biggs, Bird,
Boyd, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buffinton.
Burchard, Burr, BenjaminF. Butler, Churchill, Sid-
ney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Conner, Cowles,
Hamilton, Harris, liawley, Hay, Hays. Ileflin, Hoar,
Holman, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jonekes, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham.
Knott, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
Lynch, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, McCrary,
McNeely, Jesse H. Moore, Mor^h.n, Morrissey,
Niblack, Orth, Packard, Paine, Peck, Peters, Pom-
eroy, letter, Reeves, Sargent, Sherrod, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Strong, Sweeney, Tanner, Twiehell, Ty-
ner. Van Trump, Ward. William B. Washburn,
Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Williams, Eugeno
M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, and Wood—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Axtell, Ayer,
Barry, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Bowen, Buck, Cake, Cessna, AmasaCobb,Co-
vode, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Garfield. Getz, Gilfillan,
Haldeman. llamill, Hawkins, Hill, Kelley, Knapp,
Lowis, Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew, McKenzie,
Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim II. Moore, William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, New-
sham, O'Neill, Packer, Pholps, Piatt, Prosser, Ran-
dall, Rico, Ridgway,Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Shel-
don, John A. Smith,Stokes, Stone, Strader. Strick-
land, Swann, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble,
Upson, Van Wyck, Wallace, Welker, Wells, Wil-
lard, John T. Wilson, Witcher, and Woodward—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Arncll, Asper,
Barnum. Booker, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, Calkin, William T. Clark, Cloveland, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Dickinson. Dockery, Forry, Gibson,
Hambleton, Heaton. Hogo. Hooper, Thomas L.
Jones, Julian, Kelsey, McKee, Samuel P. Morrill,
Mungen, Palmer, Perce, Poland, Porter, Schu-
maker, Shank-*, Shober, Stevens, Stiles, Taffo, Van
Auken, Van Horn, Voorhees, and Cadwalader C.
Washburn—-10.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WARD moved, to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to make a ^rief
personal explanation. In the Globe of yes-
terday I find an illustration of the absurdity
of the practice of the House of permitting es-
says never read in the House to be printed as
speeches. That practice has enabled some
malicious wag, who evidently desires to disturb
the friendly relations between my colleague
from the Reading district [Mr. Getz] and
myself, to impose upon the proprietors of the
Globe what purports to be a speech from him
reviewing my course on certain questions, to
which I wish to call the attention of the House,
in order to vindicate both him and me. The
gentleman is quite too kind-hearted to have
indulged in such rasping sarcasm as this :
" ' Consistency,thou art ajewelT but thy possessor
i^not Kellky."
And he is too truthful to have said, in view
of the fact that my last remarks, made in gen-
eral debate, show that I yielded for and replied
to more than a score of interruptions, that—
" Had he allowed mo, I would have asked him by
what process of logic ho had arrived at the conclu-
sion that it was wrong to take off a tax of less than
two million dollars, and right to do away with a tax
of over thiity million dollars? But, as he invariably
refuses to be interrupted, I refrained."
Now, wo all know that the gentleman made
no speech here, and in these two passages I find
inherent evidence that some malicious wag has
imposed what purports to be a speech of his
on the proprietors of the Globe.
Mr. GETZ. In reply to what my colleague
has said I have only to assure him that in the
remarks which I wrote, and which i had no
opportunity to speak—I certainly would hsu*e
M,oken them if I had had the opportunity—L
