256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Maynard.
41st Cong. ...2d Sess.
from it, would much relieve our farmers and
manufacturers. This would leave the Govern-
ment abundance of revenue, and the manufac-
turers of the Bast all the protection they should
ask. We have no hostile feeling against them,
though they draw from us an unfair tribute
through partial legislation. We glory in their
success, as we do in the advancement of every-
thing American, but must demand justice to
ourselves. This they must sooner or later
grant. If this Congress does not do it, another
one will soon be returned more likely to reflect
the will of the people. You have killed off our
shipping interest; we must prevent the agricul-
tural from being further depressed.
Before protectionists grew bold by the con-
tinued success of monopoly they only claimed
their system a temporary expediency. Clay
and Webster only proposed it as a nursing
process from which the manufacturers would
emerge strong and healthy, and undersell the
foreigners from mere advantage of transport-
ation. It was a sort of life insurance, the large
premiums of which were to be repaid in a larger
return at the death of the tariff system. But
when is this end to come? When is this expe-
dient to cease ? Are not three quarters of a cen-
tury enough? When will the manufacturers
shed their swaddling-clothes and stand upon
the manly basis of honest competition? When
will this hot-house growth have sufficiently
developed these tender plants, that they may
try the open air of heaven? Cotton manufac-
turing in this country dates from 1789, and yet
they cannot leave the leading-strings and stand
alone. Iron manufacturing is of equal anti-
quity, and though having enjoyed increase
after increase of protection still comes crying
for more.
They will not be broken down by the reduction
proposed. They flourished prior to the tariff
of 1862 under the average tariff of twenty per
cent. Common cottons not only held the trade
of the country, but went abroad and took it from
England in many other lands. The tariff of
18G2 was only enacted as a compensation to
the manufacturing interest for the internal rev-
enue taxation, which in many cases was as great
as the increase of the tariff. They flourished
while paying this tax. Now it is almost wholly
removed, why cannot they bear a proportional
reduction of duty?
When President Grant was elected we hoped
from his Democratic antecedents and western
residence that liis influence would be thrown
in favor of justice to the agriculturists. And
yet his very first message exhibited him bound
captive to the victorious chariots of the monop-
olists. Ho opposes reduction of these burdens,
and recommends no interference with the exist-
ing tariff for a year to come. He admits that
a reduction might be made of some $40,000,000
without damage to the necessities of the rev-
enue. And yet, upon the strange ground that
in another year a still greater reduction can
be made, he thinks none should be made now.
lie thinks it a small matter that the people
should during this year be made to pay $40,000, -
000 unnecessarily into the Treasury and $120,-
000,000 more into the pockets of the manufac-
turers as a bonus. He Chinks these amounts so
small that Congress should not be troubled with
enacting a reduced tariff lav/ now, because they
may have to enact another next winter.
Now is the time to act. If we do not, we will
have full opportunity to ascertain the feelings
of the people on the subject; for we will un-
doubtedly have the privilege of staying at home
among them after this term. Those who are
opposed to the present high duties must com-
promise their differences of opinion and meet
upon some practicable basis of reform that will
present a united front. You, gentlemen of the
East, who are asking bounties to revive your
ship-building, who want all duties taken off
from the material that enters into your peculiar
industries, will you not have some compassion
upon us of the West? Can you expect our votes
to aid you in this great undertaking unless you
are willing to give us some relief? Meet us
upon the common ground of justice to all
branches of industry. Let all parts of our
glorious country go hand in hand in the great
march of improvement. Do not require the
pioneers, laboring to reclaim into civilization
the vast wilderness of uncultivated land, to
bear your burdens as well as their own. We
are willing to give you even more than is fair,
anticipating the reflex advantage of your pros-
perity. But do not push us beyond endurance.
If in the present derangement of monetary
affairs circumstances are not quite so prosper-
ous with you, has not fortune in like manner
withdrawn her smiles from us? Are we to bear
all tribulation and you none? Grant us simple
justice. It is all we ask, and this we must have.
American labor vs. English Labor.
SPEECH OF HON. HORACE MAYNARD,
op tennessee,
In tiie House of Representatives,
March 30, 1870.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and having under consid-
eration the bill (H. K. Ho. 10G8) to amend existing
laws relating to the duty on imports, .and for other
purposes—
Sir. MAYNARD said:
Mr. Ciiairmax: I was much gratified yester-
day that my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] re-
lieved us from the wearisome details of this
bill by leading us into the graceful and flowery
walks of polite literature, and resorting to one
of the most elegant of the English classics for
a polished weapon to thrust at my hapless
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.] And
as I listened to him hour after hour with the
idea of Goldsmith running in my mind as a
kind of subdominant, my thoughts involuntarily
recurred to what he says about another states-
man—
"Who, born for the universe, narrowed his mind,
And to party gave up what was meant, for mankind/'
And more especially as he—
"still went on refining,
And thought of convincing whilo wo thousht of
dimng."
The graces and the muses are unusual vis-
itors in this Hall, and when 1 see my friend
marshal the enrapturing train the spectacle is
peculiarly impressive, and serves to inaugurate
a new era of elegance and beauty.
I was sorry, however, to see as he proceeded
that his mind was not in that pleasing and
happy frame which the exordial poetry would
lead us to suppose. Very piteous were his
complaints against the burden of taxes. Now,
sir, taxes, in whatever form imposed, are the
subjectof frequent eomplaintby those who have
to pay them. They often fail to comprehend
how they receivc an equivalent, or that this is
the price of stable government and the protec-
tion of law ; less in a lifetime aggregate than
the ravages of a single passing army, friend or
foe. The duties on imports, commonly spoken
of as the tariff, are no exception iu the list of
grievous burdens, if indeed they are not at
the moment a principal topic. Complaints are
heard, many and loud. It is our duty candidly
and patiently to consider them, and if well
founded to relieve; if not, to submit to them
resignedly as we submit to complaints of the
weather and to much other unreasonable
grumbling.
THE SOURCE OP THE COMPLAIXTS.
It may be well to inquire before we proceed
in what quarter these complaints originate;
how far they come from the people, the con-
sumers of imported articles and the represent-
atives of consumption; how far from the for-
eign producer and those in this country who
live by the sale of foreign productions, includ-
ing not only the importer, the jobber, and the
retail dealer, but the agent, the stipendiary
lecturer, the suborned official, and the subsi-
dized press as well. To state the question is
to answer it. They invariably begin abroad
in the interest of some production seeking
a market in this country. English journal-
ism is a standing protest against our "illib-
eral and unenlightened" financial policy. The
Russian minister protests against the duty on
hemp. The wines of Portugal and even the
currants of Greece cry out. Indeed, it would
seem that a principal office of European diplo-
macy near this Government is to protect its re-
spective home industry from the burden of our
tariff. This is perfectly legitimate.
In our country the objections to the tariff
come from the great commercial centers,
whereof the city of New York, the em-
porium of foreign trade, is the chief. Of
course I leave out of the account all merely
partisan political clamor and all pro-rebel
clamor in the South. That is but the rever-
beration of the principal cry. It will be borne
in mind that the complaint is raised against
t.he duty upon those articles which are most
largely produced in this country in competi-
tion with the foreign, especially the British.
This is not difficult to account for. During
the fiscal year 1808—the latest whose returns
are now accessible—our entire importation
amounted to §371,624,808. Of this sum
$177,323,762 represented the importation from
Great Britain and her dependencies, less by
only $8,488,642 than one half the totalamount.
This is an. immense and to her a most profit-
able trade.*
It is but natural that she should be alive to
everythingthat would burden or embarrass it,
and her denunciations of our tariff might be ex-
pected. The articles about which we hear the
loudest noise are coal, salt, iron, and wool.
These are all imported very largely from Great
Britain and her colonies. There is a heavy
duty on tin, spices, flax, and silk, all of which
are imported more largely from the same quar-
ter than from any other; but we hear no com-
plaint of the duty upon the latter articles.
I ask the House to consider why these strict-
ures are confined to salt and iron and wool
rather than to silk, spices, flax, and tin. Tin
is used in every habitation of the land. It i3
the poor man's plate; it is to be found on every
breakfast table and in every kitchen and dairy,
and in the hand of every child. We hear no com-
plaint of the duty upon that. Silk in some form
enters into the dress of every woman, and flax
forms part of the dress of almost everybody,
and yet we hear no complaint of the duty on
either silk or flax. The pepper which stands
on our tables side by side with the salt is
taxed, without complaint, at 288 per cent., and
otherimportant spices even higher. Now, why
have we heard no whisper against the duty on
those articles? I ask gentlemen to ponder
that question and to take time to answer it. I
will give my answer, and gentlemen can con-
sider whether it is the true one or not. The
reason of the difference I think is found in the
fact that we produce in this country coal, salt,
*The following tableshows the importations during
1KB irom the principal countries except Great Brit-
ain :
Cuba 550,750,727]
Spain and her other depend- s-$63,9i2,*65
encios  13,191,73S J
Franco and hei dependencies  27.428,461
Urazil     
Bremen   13,316,2>(j
China   11.3S5.0J1
Hamburg  S.ClH.t'.'O
Mexico   
Argentine liepublic  4,80i,8<-t
Italy and Sicily  4,o0a,Ool>
