3158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
which will come in at the lowest: rate of duty
will be called by the name which suits the im-
porter, and that which is to come in at the
higher rate will bear the name which suits the
manufacturer.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is there any difference
as regards their use?
Mr. SCHENCK. The parties who came
before the committee pretended that there was
a distinction in that respect. They told us that
tubes were for water and gas, and that flues
were to convey smoke. They differed as to
whether they were both used for steam or not.
We resorted to the only possible solution of
the difficulty by going back to the old law and
putting thera all at the same rate—not the rate
of the old law, but the average of the rates
under the existing law, namely, 3 cents per
pound—so that the country should not be flooded
with either tubes or flues by being brought in
under the name of flues at the lower rate of
duty, 2} cents.
Mr. BROOKS} of New York. I hope the
House will not be confused by this discus-
sion of the difference between tubes and flues.
That is not the issue which I make. The issue
is this: ought or ought not the rate of duty to
be 2.} cents per pound on a heavy article like
that? Is not that sufficient protection for any-
body or everybody? That is the issue I make,
and not whether the article which I hold in my
hand is a flue or a tube. This article when com-
pared with the other articles in the list has a
sufficient protection when the duty is 2} cents
per pound and not 3 cents, that is over $67 per
ton, for a water-pipe or a gas-pipe or any other
heavy article of that kind. I said that this was
a bounty to three manufacturers. I was mis-
taken, there are four; and for this statement
I have the authority of a boiler-maker in a
letter before me; and I have in addition to
that the authority of an importer, who also, I
think, is well informed. These four who now
have the monopoly of the manufacture of tabes
and flues are Morrill, Tasker & Co., of Phil-
adelphia ; W. C. Allison, of Philadelphia;
the Heading Iron Works, Reading; and the
National Tube Works, Boston. The three first
named are the oldest, and succeeded in crushing
outevery attempt that was made by others to
engage in the same manufacture till the import-
ation of foreign goods commenced. Now, I
beg the House to remember—and I repeat it
because it is difficult to gain attention—that
the question is, whether on heavy articles like
these a bounty of 2J centsa pound to four man-
ufacturers, or twenty, or fifty, or a hundred
manufacturers' is not sufficient?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Can the gentleman tell
us what the ad valorem duty on this article is?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. lean. The
ad Valorem, duty at 3 cents per pound on two-
inch flues is per cent.; on two and a
half inch flues, 106$% per cent.; oh three-inch
flues, 111^ per cent., and on three and a
half inch flu^s it is per cent.
Mr. MAYNARD. What is the gentleman
reading from?
Mr. SCHENCK. I should like to know the
authority.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The author-
ity is the house of Secor& Co., boiler and iron
works; and the additional authority is the
house of Tyng & Co., New York.
Mr. SCHENCK. Importers.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York.' Mr. Tyng is
an importer, but not an English one, and not a
Democrat; he is a son of Rev. Dr. Tyng, of
New York, and a man who always votes against
me. I withdraw my amendment that the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Judo] may renewit.
Mr. JUDD. I renew the amendment. I
have listened to this debate in regard to flues
and tubes in order to be enlightened some-
what upon the subject. I find that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
cannot tell me and acknowledges that his com-
mittee do not understand the difference either
in one or in mauufacture. But I do discover
that whenever a number of articles are coupled
together in a new classification it always hap-
pens that some one of the items in the classi-
fication gets a very high raise in taxation.
Now, I do not pretend to know anything about
this matter except so far as it is represented
to me by my constituents. I have letters and
petitions and Remonstrances from the boiler-
makers in my district, a very large interest, as
well as from some of the importers, in which i
they say, after having read this bill as reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, that it
is an increase in the tariff on these articles, and ,
they desire that that increase be resisted upon j
this floor. They say it is interfering with a very
important branch of business by taxing it in
addition to whafcthe law now imposes. I left \
them to judge how this bill would operate upon [
their .business by sending them the work of the
committee in the form of the bill, and their |
response is that it is an inorease o/ the duty
on the material which they use in carrying on
their manufactures. And there is one remark-
able circumstance in connection with this thing.
One of the earliest petitions that I received
from my city recommended a support of this
bill and was signed by a large number of manu-
facturers. Within three days after that time, (
and after I had sent them the bill, some of
those very same manufacturers sent me a spe- :
cial request in regard to flues and tubes and
pipes, saying that they had not understood it
when they signed the main petition, but that '
the bill as framed did increase the duty. ;
I concurwith the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] that if this rate of duty, as it
stood before, at 2J cents per pound, was not
high enough, then the rates of duties fired upon
other articles are certainly not high enough.
This is an additional tax upon an immense
branch of business in the city that I represent,
and I hope that this committee will adopt the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
leaving the tax where it is, under a classifica-
tion thaf the people understand, and under
which the importers and users of tubes knew
precisely what they were doing when they dealt
in the article.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd]
and of ray colleague on the committee from
New York [Mr. Brooks] to the reports from
the Treasury Department. These statistics
come from the custom-houses. They are re-
corded facts that we must accept as the basis
of our action. These reports that come to us
from,.! will not say Tom, Dick, and Harry,
but from interested parties, importers, manu-
facturers, or others, who present ex parti state-
ments here, must always be taken with a cer-
tain amount of allowance; but statements of
this character are entitled to a higher degree
of consideration. Now, what do we find in
this Treasury report? The rate of duty on
wrought steam, gas, and water tubes and flues
is now 3J cents per pound; the average price
per pound at which those articles are imported
is 6i cents per pound, making the duty 54} per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Permit me a
moment right here.
Mr. MAYNARD. Notnow. We proposethat
the duty shall be reduced from 3J cents per
pound to 3 cents per pound, which will reduce
the ad valorem duty to very nearly 48per cent.,
between 47 and 48 per cent, if I am not mis-
taken in my calculations. Now, with that state-
ment, I submit whether it is right or fair on the
part of my colleague on the committee, [Mr.
Brooks,] or whether it is intelligent on the
part of my friend from Illinois [Air. Jodd] to
charge that we are increasing the present rate
of duty. Now, 1 submit that we are not doing
any such thing, but on the contrary we^are pro-
posing to reduce the tariff.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I want to
explain that Treasury statement. There is no
discrepancy between my statement and the
statement from the Treasury. Both statements
are correct. Here are tubes and flues of all
sorts and sizes; I hold in my hand three differ-
ent sizes of very different values. The state-
ment of the Treasury is the average ad valorem
duty. Onesize of these tubes costs a great deal
more than the others. What the Treasury states
is the average ; what I state is exactly what I
did state, and both are true.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] think he is candid in
making his argument here upon the very cheap-
est tubes per pound, and then holding this
paragraph forth as an increase of duty?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. So much the
worse, then, for water and gas pipes, which
ought to be cheap, to have an enormous tariff
imposed upon them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it not manifest
that the relative duty upon this article would
be more or less in proportion to thickness or
weight?
Mr. MAYNARD. The ad valorem duty
would be greater or less according to the value
per pound or per foot. Of course that value
will depend upon the quality of the iron and
other elements that enter into the manufacture
of the article.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Therefore the ad
valorem is not deciding affair.
Mr. MAYNARD. It always operates in
that way in case of specific duties. As has
been remarked by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] in
the course of this debate, if an ad valorem
duty can be fairly assessed and collected that
would be the more proper way to impose duties.
; But experience has taught that the ad valorem
; system of duty is open to the perpetration of
! great frauds, and therefore we have been forced
1 to adopt specific duties.
![ Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would not 3 cents
■; per pound be a very high rate of ad valorem
duty on thick, heavy tubes?
] Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman can judge
t for himself. The average price of this article
j! of tubes and flues is 6£ cents per pound, as I
! have stated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JUDD. I will withdraw my amend-
1 memt to the amendment, and move another
I amendment to make the duty 21 cents per
I pound. The argument of the gentleman from
i Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard], based upon the
I reports of the Treasury Department, it seems
to me has been sufficiently answered by the
gentlemau from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] that
it is a general average made by the Treasury
I upon all classes of tubes; but I desire to say
! to the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mat-
NAKd] that the authority which I quoted as
giving me the price, and the change that this
tariff would make in their business, are as re-
liable persons as any gentlemen in the country.
The bill as reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means was laid before them ; they took
the language of the bill, and then wrote me in
reply to it that it would increase the tariff upon
the articles that they used in their business.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not the gentleman
see by the bill itself that we propose to reduce
the duty from 3J cents per pound to 3 cents
per pound?
Mr. JUDD. It is sufficient for my purpose
that here are gentlemen engaged in the use of
an article, skilled in every direction, whose
business calls upon them to know and act upon
what they are doing. And they write to me,
not aS experts preparing laws, not as commit-
tees creating new classifications, but as men
, engaged in the actual use of the material, that
| the classification made by the committee and
the words used in the bill would increase the
tariff upon the articles used in their trade.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman let me
make a suggestion? At that time the old ruling
of the Treasury Department was in force, and
these articles were coming in, under the title
of flues, at 2 J cents per pound. Since then tnat.
ruling has been reversed, and they are uo 
