4102
THE CONGKESSKWAL GLOBE.
June 6,
meant no personality) and I think the gentle*
man is over sensitive when he finds anything
personal in the few remarks which are printed
in yesterday's Globe.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman knows that
it is not my habit to refuse to be interrupted.
Mr. GETZ. I have observed frequently that
when my colleague was speaking, and when
gentlemen on this side have asked the privilege
to question him, he has declined to yield.
george plunkett.
Mr. HAYS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 318) to
authorize the reappointment of George Plunkett
on the paymasters' corps of the Navy ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
.to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ocffean steamship lines.
Mr. NEGLBY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2159) to encourage the
establishment of lines of steamships as an
auxiliary means of national defense, and for
the economical conveyance of the mails_ of
the United States under the flag of the Union
to European ports and the ports of India and
China, and for the promotion of immigration
from Europe to the southern States of the
Union; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
houston, texas.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, introduced a bill
(IL R. No. 2160) to create a port of delivery
at Houston, Texas; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
political disabilities.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, also introduced abill
(H. R. No. 2161) to relieve certain persons,
citizens of Texas, therein named, from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution, and for
other purposes; which was read a first o.nd
second time, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
court of claims.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2162) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a court for the investiga-
tion of claims," &c., approved March S, 1853 ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
payment ob pensions.
Mr. ELA, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 319) relating to
the payment of pensions ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
vincbnnes university, indiana.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 2163) authorizing the award to the Vin-
cennes University of certain vacant and aban-
doned lands in Knox county, Indiana ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
belief from taxes wrongfully assessed.
Mr. RIDGWAY introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 320) for the relief of certain
citizens of Lynchburg, Virginia, against whom
internal revenue taxes have been wrongfully
assessed and collected; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
tax on distilled spirits and tobacco.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 21G4) to amend an act entitled " An act
imposing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes," approved June 20,
1868 : which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means;
and Ordered to be printed.
john powers.
Mr. PACKARD. I ask to have read an
extract from the Daily Globe of May 28,1870,
and also to have put on record a statement in
correction of aremark made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. K app,]in justification
of a man to whom tha't remark does great
injustice.
. The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Smith, of Oregon, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution (II.R. No. 300) granting a
pension to John Powers, late a private in the eleventh
United States infantry in the war ofl£L2; which was
read a first and second time.
" The joint resolution directs the Secretary of the
Interior to placetho nameof John Powers,a private
in Captain Bliss's company of tho eleventh regiment
United States infantry in the war of 1812, on the
peu&ion-roll, at the rate of eight dollars a month,
from and after tho passage of this act.
" The question was on ordering the joint resolution
to be engrossed and read a third time.
"Mr. Bennett. I move to amend by inserting
' fifteen dollars' instead of ' eight dollars.'
" Mr. Knapp. I will state to my colleague why I
must objecttothat amendment. The pension to this
party was suspended on account of his having been
in the service of the confederates during the late war.
I must object, therefore, to the increase proposed.
" Mr. Bennett. After the explanation by my col-
league, I withdraw the amendment."
Mr. KNAPP. It may not be generally known
that sometimes we have a little noise in this
Hall, so much at times that I am unable to
understand what is said in all parts of the
House. In the case referred to in the extract
just read by the Clerk I was mistaken. There
had been a bill before the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions and War of 1812 for
restoring a pension to a man whose name had
been stricken from the pension-rolls because
he had given aid to the rebellion ; he had four
sons in the rebel army, who had been aided
and encouraged by him to enlist in that army.
As I was not much in favor of restoring the
pension to him, I opposed the bill then before
the House, supposing it was the one to which
I have referred. I am glad to find that the person
named in the bill then before the House was
a loyal soldier and well entitled to a pension.
I suppose he does not find any fault with the
action of the House, but objects to the injus-
tice done him by the remark I made under a
misapprehension. I do not blame him in the
least for that, for I can conceive of nothing
more aggravating to the feelings of a loyal
man than to be charged with aiding the rebel-
lion ; and I gladly make this explanation in
justice to the man, and trust it will be satis-
factory.
Mr. PACKARD. This gentleman, Mr. Pow-
ers, lives in my district, and has always been
loyal. He will be entirely satisfied with the
explanation made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Knapp.]
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I desire to say one
word in regard to this matter. I had charge
of the bill to which reference has been made,
and perhaps it was my duty to have noticed
and replied to the remark made by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Knapp.] But it
was made in a low tone of voice, and I did not
hear it. The statement he now makes is per-
fectly correct.
hour of meeting and adjournment.
Mr. DAWES. I submit the following reso-
lution for consideration at this time:
Resolved. That so much of the order of this House
as requires au adjournment at five o'clock be re-
scinded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What vote does it require
to adopt this resolution ?
The SPEAKER. A two-thirds vote, it not
having been offered during the morning hour
of Monday.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to force an
evening session to-day, but merely to put it in
the power of the House in the course of the
week to have an evening session. The appro-
priation bills are pressing to that extent that
it maybe absolutely necessary to have an even-
ing session. But I do not want one to-night.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will want a
session to-morrow night, if possible.
The question was taken upon the adoption
of the resolution ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 89, noes 52; not two thirds voting
in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. DAWES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CULLOM. Let the gentleman provide
for a change of the hour of meeting, and then
we can afford to have night sessions.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose that we
shall hold night sessions immediately; but the
time is coming, as gentlemen must see, when
we must have them.
Mr. FOX. Whynotwaittillthattimecomes?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, can
a majority vote, or even a two-thirds vote,
except on Monday, change the rule requiring
us to meet at eleven o'clock?
The SPEAKER. It can only be done on
Monday.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then, inasmuch as
we cannot except on Monday change absolutely
the rule providing for daily meetings at eleven
o'clock, I ask the gentleman to modify his
resolution now, so as to rescind the rule which
requires us to meet at eleven o'clock and
adjourn at five.
Mr. DAWES. I would be glad to accom-
modate the gentleman; but, Mr. Speaker, the
hour between eleven and twelve o'clock is of
great value in the transaction of business. It
is worth more than an hour in the evening.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman will
not have another opportunity till next Monday
to change the hour of meeting.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call gentlemen to order.
I believe this question is not debatable.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to modify my reso-
lution, so as to provide that the House may
hereafter, whenever it desires to do so, change,
without a suspension of the rules, the hour of
meeting from eleven to twelve o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That is an entirely sep-
arate proposition.
Mr. DAWES. I give notice, then, that I
shall offer that motion if this resolution be
adopted. The House must take the respons-
ibility of adopting or rejecting the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I beg permission to
move an amendment to the gentleman's reso-
lution.
Mr. DAWES. I think that in the present
condition of our business 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered.
The SPEAKER. No main question has
been ordered. The proposition is to suspend
the rules, which motion requires an immediate
vote without the calling of the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. May I not move to
amend the resolution?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] consents to
the amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to.
The question is on agreeing to the resolution,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry. I desire to know whether, by unanimous
consent, the resolution may not be amended by
adding to it a provision that the House may on
any day by a majority vote provide for meet-
ing at twelve o'clock instead of eleven.
Several members objected.
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary inquiry; and if it. were, the proposition
requires unanimous consent, aud several gen-
tlemen on the right object.
