5046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June SO,
the Judiciary Committee I have never heard
any one oppose. There is nobody opposed to
it in the Senate. Some want to get something
else; but take this now, and if anything else
is necessary we can provide for it afterward.
This will remedy the evil, and I am willing to
put it on any bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
five minutes have expired.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
repeal the five-minutes rule that we are acting
under.
Mr. COLE. I"do not yield for that purpose.
I will, however, use only one minute out of the
five that would be accorded to me if I chose
to claim them.
I am as much in favor of the bill to prohibit
contracts for servile labor as the Senator who
introduced it, my friend from Nevada; but I
am not willing that it should be put on this bill.
That bill has already been considered by itself;
it is now before the Senate ready to be called
up (or completion at any moment. I have an
amendment to that bill which I wish to offer
when it is called un by itself, at which time I
ho|>e it will pass, and my amendment I regard
as very important. It has been printed and is
now before the Senate, and I regard it as a
very important addition to the bill; and there-
fore I am opposed to the consideration of this
bill as an amendment to the pending tax bill.
I hope that it may be voted down now. But I
will at the same time express the hope that at
an early time it may be brought up, because I
regard it as a very important measure, one of
the most important that, probably, will come
up at this Congress.
The warehouse system is one that is properly
applicable to this bill. This bill relates to
taxation and revenue; it relates to internal
revenue and to tariffs. The measure in rela-
tion to the transfer of goods in bond is one
that is very proper to consider in connection
with the biil before the Senate. The question
introduced as an amendment by the Senator
from New York, however, I regard as utterly
inappropriate in this place, and I hope there-
fore that it may be voted down.
But I must, while I am up, express my opin-
ion in favor of the provision in reference to
the transfer of goods in bond inland, for the
reason that i* that is prohibited the merchants
in the interior towns, indeed throughout the
whole country, are virtually in the hands of
the wholesale importers in the city of New
York. That is the exact condition of things
now. If a man living m an interior town im-
ports goods they have to go through the routine
of customs collection in New York, which
oftentimes amounts to weeks and months, to
the great detriment of the importer, and so
much embarrassment is placed on the import-
ation of goods that are imported by persons
living in the interior that it is oftentimes im-
possible, or at least very inconvenient, for them
to import at all.
The whole importation under the present
rule is necessarily in the hands of the im-
porters of New York cit.y. I can see no good
reason why a person living in Cincinnati or
St. Louis or Chicago should not give his orders
to a foreign manufacturer to send him goods
in their original packages and bring them to
his door in his own city rather than have them
retained in the bonded warehouses of the city
of New York for so long a time that the im-
porters, the jobbers of New York city, may
supply the western market to his utter disad-
vantage and discomfiture, breaking up, in fact,
his business, destroying the value of his goods.
That is really the effect. The importation
business of this country is in the hands of
New York importers, and the merchants of
the cities of the West and the interior are
forced to do their business through the New
York houses. This, I believe, is the plain,
sim pie statement of the fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. As-
thony in the chair;) The question is on the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I regret that these amend-
ments have been moved. I certainly hope that
the amendment of the Senator from New York
to the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri will not be put to the disadvantage of
being placed on an amendment or as an addi-
tion to an amendment which, if adopted, some
of us cannot vote for. I regard the idea em-
bodied in the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New York as of great importance
to the country. It is important as an attempt
to put an end to a system as indefensible as
was the African slave trade. In the nineteenth
century the coolie trade is as immoral as was
the African slave trade of the past. I hope if
that proposition is put upon this bill it will be
put separately as an additional section.
But, sir, it seems to me that the amendment
offered by the Senator from Missouri should
not be pressed upon this bill at this time. It
is a great and important question. The Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] has just
asked that the five-minutes rule be rescinded
for the purpose of having an elaborate discus-
sion upon it. Sir, we have not the time for
that discussion ; and at this period of the ses-
sion, pressed as we are, our time ought not to
be taken up with a question of this kind. It
is not fair to us. We ought to finish this bill
to-night. There are other questions that are
pressing upon us, pressing us hard, too. We
are even censured in different portions of the
country because certain measures, deemed very
important, are not acted upon, when we can-
not by any possibility press them through.
And yet now, at this time, we arc to have a
great question brought up that should take
days of elaborate and careful examination and
discussion before it is acted upon. I do hope
that it will not bo pressed here to-night upon
this .bill.
As to the proposition of the honorable Sen-
ator from Now York, 1 am for it; I believe it
to be right; I hope it will be adopted separ-
ately; but I do not wish it to be so connected
with this measure that a vote upon it will be
misunderstood by the country. If it should
be voted upon and fail ou this bill it might be
understood as a judgment against the proposi-
tion in itself, which I do not think should be
risked at this time.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The New York Tribune
of the OOth of June contains this notice;
The new issue—(he Chinese-American question—an
undelivered address by John Swmton."
I suppose everybody knows Swinton ; every-
body knows the Tribune: everybody knows all
about the Chinese. But I find in this so-called
"undelivered address" the following para-
graph :
"Thero is abundant evidence that if this first
experiment"—
That is, the Northampton experiment—
"gives satisfaction and profit to ttio capitalists en-
gaged in it, there will be no time lost by tho employ-
ers in introdueingtens and hundreds of thousands of
Chinese workers into the industrial establishments
of the country. Already it is reported that negotia-
tions lor a supply of Chinese operatives have been
entered into by the great cotton manufaeturinghouse
of tho Spragues, at Rhode island, a iirm which is
said to be the largest employers of skilled labor in
America, there being somewhere near ten thousand
persons connccted in one way or another with its
various establishments. Of course tho weekly sa\ ing
and profits to this house would bo enormous in ease
it were able to engage Chinese at one half the price
now paid to the white ' hands,' and though Senator
fePltAGUE turned up some time ago as the ' poor-man's
champion,' and the special advocate of the rights of
the working classes, there is ground to fear that his
highly humanitarian notions might give way before
the temptation of increased profits at his mills."
Sir, the Spragues of Rhode Island and the
Sprague in the Senate have views on this Chi-
nese question ; but those views have never at
any time been considered so as in any way to
contemplate the remotest thought of antago-
nizing the labor employed by them by the
introduction of Asiatic labor. I think Sen-
ators will bear me witness that since I have
been in the Senate in no little way or large
way have I used my vote or my voiee to pro-
mote my own personal interest. 1 have en-
deavored to inculcate views going to the per-
petuity of the interests of this country.
I have seen that largo interests as well as
small interests are jeopardized in this wise:
the small interests are being drawn into the
large, and the large interests thus augmented by
the exhaustion and destruction of t>,e smaller
interests will be destroyed in turn. It is a
mere question of time.
The principles that I have endeavored to
inculcate are simply a diversified industry. I
have seen, both in the introduction of labor
from Europe and labor from Asia, this fact;
that an increase of labor with no increase of
diversified industries, and no increase of the
industries of the country except that increase
which comes from the increase of the number
of population, results in a lessening of the
capacity to purchase, owing to the unprofitable
employment of those who are employed. In
other words, by this competition of labor tho
laboring class, who are the purchasing class,
are every year becoming less able to purchase.
To-day the industries of this country are only
sustained by the increase of population ; and
taking that increase as a basis, an allowance
should be made for the lessening of the pur-
chasing power of the laboring classes owing
to their employment in unprofitable labor.
I have views well considered, thoroughly
thought out, in relation to this whole labor
question ; but it is too hot to give them expres-
sion now. But I desire to say that the employ-
ment of Chinamen has never been contem-
plated by mo, or any one connected with me,
in antagonism to labor in this country, now
employed, or who have been employed hereto-
fore. I cannot imagine how this newspaper,
or any newspaper, could take such liberties or
lie so frequently in relation to myself. My
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Fowler] says it is
the business of newspapers to lie, and of this
paper in particular. I am ready to believe it,
because it is certainly so in this case; and if
this is an illustration of it, as it is, and of my
knowledge of it. it is thoroughly a heap of lies.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment now pending is the one offered by the
Senator from Now York, is it not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
amendment relating to servile labor enact-
ments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This question,
as well as the one upon which it is hung, is a
question that requires more time to consider than
a five-minutes debate will allow. The measure
upon which it is hung is an important one, and
if it is to pass deserves at least a week's dis-
cussion in the Senate, and certainly deserves
the consideration of some committee who will
report upon itsdefectsas well as upon its mer-
its. If its consideration is to be continued in
the Senate I shall move a reconsideration of
the rule establishing five minutes' debate, in
order that 1 may have a proper length of time
in which to discuss it. 1 do not desire to say
anything further upon the amendment of the
Senator from New York.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is too late for a motion
to reconsider now.
Mr. SUMNER. The pending question is on
the amendment moved by the Senator from
New York, is it not, relating to the coolie
contracts?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire of the Chair
if that is in any sense germane to the pending
bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not; but the Chair is not aware that it
has ever been a rule in this body that any
amendment offered to a bill should be rejected
because it was not geimane.
Mr. SUMNER, I am very much in favor
of a good bill on that subject. It deserves the
most careful attention of Congress; and I am
