1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5047
sure that something is needed. But I have
always understood that there is a time for one
thing and a time for another thing; and it
does seem to me that a bill on taxation is not
the place for a bill to regulate the coolie trade.
It seems to me the two are incongruous.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator from
Massachusetts really suppose that this amend-
ment is offered for any other purpose than to
kill the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri ?
Mr. CONKLING. And does the Senator
from Massachusetts think the other amend-
ment any more germane than this?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not presume, of
course—the Senator from Ohio will pardon
me—to speculate on the motives of the Sen-
ator from New York. I am dealing with the
proposition before the Senate on which we are
all to vote. Now, according to the suggestion
of the Senator from Ohio, it may be an ingen-
ious device to kill another proposition which
he is against.
Mr. THUUMAN. And therefore I shall
vote against it if I were ever so much in favor
of the proposition of the Senator from New
York.
Mr. SUMNER. I was not going to say how
I would do 011 that. What I was going to say
was, that I have the idea of this bill so much
at heart that I do not like to see it compro-
mised by a mistaken movement. I know not
to what extent the Senator from New York
enters into the idea of the bill in regard to the
coolie trade; I know not if he is much in
earnest for it 
Mr. CONKLING. lam most certainly in
earnest for it.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not mean to question
the Senator; but the Senator will allow me to
say that he moves it at a time when the bill
cannot get that favor in this Chamber which it
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The chairman of the
committee having in charge the main measure
before us has informed us in various ways that
in his apprehension the other amendment was
cognate and appropriate to this bill, which is
a warehouse system, a series of regulations
consisting of many sections, complicated in
character, and totally foreign to a t.ax_ bill.
Now, I submit to the honorable Senator if the
one simple proposition which I have offered,
and which is right in itself, is not quite as cog-
nate and germane to the original bill—I think
the Senator will agree with me—as this long
amendment into which we are about to wade.
Mr. SUMNER. Assuming that the Senator
is correct in what he says, I submit that is not
a good reason for the motion that he makes.
Even if my friend from Missouri has gone too
far in moving to add to the tax bill the amend-
ment that he has moved, I submit that that is
no reason why the second amendment should
be moved. It seems to me that the business
of the Senate ought not to be complicated in
this way. I do not doubt that the Senator from
Missouri has moved his proposition in good
faith, believing it to be sufficiently germane to
the pending bill to be voted on now; and I
must say, so far as I understand it, it is much
more germane to the tax bill than the bill that
is now moved by the Senator from New York. I
am not ready to say that it is not entirely ger-
mane. The tax bill before us deals not only
with the system of internal taxation, but with
the tariff; and from time out of mind, when we
have dealt with the tariff, we have dealt with
these cognate questions such as are contained
in the amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Massachusetts
that if he raises the question of order, the Chair
will submit it to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I do raise the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has no doubt that the amendment is not ger-
mane, but great latitude has always been
allowed in the Senate in that regard.
Mr. SUMNER. I raise the question of order
on the second amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts raises the question
of order; which the Chair will submit to the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion of order is that the amendment offered by
the Senator from New York is not germane to
the bill, and therefore not in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What rule is there against
that?
* Mr. SUMNER. The general parliamentary
law. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will submit that question to the Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to hear the
amendment reported.
Mr. CONKLING. Pending that, shall I be
in order if I make an inquiry?
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 believe I have the
floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion of order is before the Senate; and the Sen-
ator from California has the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. Has the question of order
been decided bv the Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
been decided by the Chair, but has been sub-
mitted to the Senate. The reading of the pend-
ing amendment on which the question of order
has been raised has been called for, and it will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That every contract for labor or service which, or
any part of which, is or shall be the consideration
for or in respect to the passage or transportation of
or for any alien fiomany foreign country to the Uni-
ted States, or from the United States to any foreign
country which provides for a longer period of service
than six months, is hereby declared to be void, and
any person who shall, contrary to this act, contract
with any such alien, or cnforce or attemptto enforce
sucft contract, shall be deemed guilty ot a misde-
meanor, and upon conviction thereof by information
or indictment in the district or circuit court of the
United States, shall be punished by a fine of not less
than $1,000 nor more than $5,000, together with the
costs of the prosecution, one half of which shall be
paid to the informer and the other half to the alien
with whom suchcontractshall have been made, upon
condition that he immediately return to his native
country under such regulations for the enforcement
of this condition as the court may prescribe.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Chair be good
enough to rule on the question of order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has submitted the question to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Chair submit it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California has risen to debate the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to ask of the
Chair whether in that shape—of a submission
to the Senate—the question is debatable ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
of order is debatable.
Mr. CONKLING. It brings up the whole
merits to show whether it is cognate or not.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the point
of order to turn upon the ulterior point whether
the amendment is sufficiently germane to the
general objects of the bill now before the Sen-
ate. There can hardly be any controversy as
to what is the meaning'of the words '• germane
to the object of the bill/' Of course, an amend-
ment may be germane in a specific way ; that
is, it may refer to the very subject of the bill.
It would be germane if it related to an internal
tax or to a matter of duties under the tariff,
it would also be germane in a general way if
it related to a regulation of the internal reve-
nue or to a regulation of the customs. It cannot
be disputed that I am right as to the first
proposition, that an amendment which related
to a regulation of the internal revenue would
be germane to a bill which provides for t lie in-
ternal revenue in more or fewer particulars.
Hence it must be true that an amendment
which provides for a regulation of the cusioms,
of the tariff duties, must also be germane to a
bill which relates to the tariff in more or fewer
particulars.
The amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
who is not now here, [Mr. Trumbull,] offered
by him the other day and renewed by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Schlt.z,] isanamend-
ment which is for the regulation of the customs,
and hence it is perfectly germane witlfin the
rules. Now, is the amendment of the Senator
from New York germane within the rule I have
stated, or within any rule?
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend from
California a question ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask it not to disturb
him, but for information. What is the rule to
which he refers, that requires an amendment
to be germane, and where is it to be found?
Mr. CASSERLY. I have supposed that,
without having particular knowledge on the
subject, to be the general parliamentary law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to read from Jefferson's Manual 011 that
subject in connection with what, he has to say ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection if it
does not come out of my five minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no limitation of
time on this question. We are not 011 an amend
mentnow. I read from page 206 of Jefferson's
Manual, on the subject of amendments:
" If an amendment be proposed inconsistent with
one already agreed to it is a fit ground for Us rejec-
tion by the House, but not within the competcnec of
the Speakor to suppress as if it were against order;
for were be permitted to diaw questions of consist-
ence within the vortex of order he might usurp a
negative on important modifioations, and suppress,
instead of subserving, the legislative will."
Now it becomes more specific:
"Amendments may be made so as totally to alter
the nature of the proposition ; and it is away of get-
ting rid of a proposition, by making it bear a sense
different from what it was intended by the movers,
so tbat they vote against it themselves. (2 Hatsell,
79, 4, 82, 84.)
"A new bill may be ingrafted, by way of amend-
ment, on the words 4 be it enacted,' &e. (1 Grey, 190,
192.")
And so on ad infinitum. I suggest to my
friend, with his permission, that the general
rule of parliamentary law by all writers is, that
there is no objection of order to the want of
consistency or germaneness, if I can use such
a word, in parliamentary law. You may strike
out all after the words "be it enacted" in a
revenue bill and make it a bill to remove polit-
ical disabilities, if you please. In the House
of Representatives, where this motion grows
up, they have a specific rule which requires
them to adhere to the substance of the proposi-
tion before them. We have no such rule. I
know, as my friend from Maine [Mr. Hamlin]
suggests, that on appropriation bills wo have
rules and limits, but those are rules and limits
as respects increased appropriations by addi-
tional items, and private claims.
I thank my friend from Califsrnia for per-
mitting me to make this explanation now.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator from Cal-
ifornia give way to me? I intend to withdraw
the amendment for the present.
Mr. CASSERLY. Ishould liketogett.hrongh
with what 1 have to say, and then 1 shall have
no objection to the Senator from Missouri tak-
ing any course he pleases in regard to his
amendment. I have relied on the opinion of
the President of the Senate, that in his judg-
ment the amendment was out of order, and
on the good sense of the matter: and 1 sub-
mit that there can be 110 doubt about it. It
is not a question of taking a bill, and, as it is
sometimes said, turning it inside out; nor is
it a question of taking a portion of a bill, and,
