1870,
THE COJSTGBESSIOKAL GLOBE.
2215
receiver; and authorizes and d irects the proper
officers of the Treasury Department to dismiss
any and all suits and' actions that may have
been instituted against such sureties, and to
enter the proper discharge on the books of the
Department.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion.
, The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time.;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. HOLM AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
(able.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN CIIAJtLUS HOLMES.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, the bill (PI. R. No. 500) for the
relief of Captain Charles Holmes, and moved
that the same be laid on the table.
The motion Was agreed to.
CHAKLNs o. M'CRAUY.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 858) for the
relief of Charles C. McCrary.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Paymaster
General of the Army to pay, out of any money
appropriated for the pay of the Army, to Charles
C. McCrary, of Indiana, the pay and emolu-
ments of a second lieutenant of cavalry for the
period from October 1, 1804, to Jane 16, 1865,
deducting therefrom the pay and emoluments
received by him for the said period as a ser-
geant of cavalry in the fourth regiment of In-
diana cavalry.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question oi-derod ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIIAKLliS K. LAYCOCK.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (II. 11. No. 1347) for the
relief of Charles F. Laycock.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of tiie Treasury to pay to Charles F. Laycock,
late a private in company D, third regiment
Indiana cavalry, out of any money appropri-
ated for the service of the quartermaster's
department, the sum of $115 in full for one
liorso by him abandoned by order of his com-
manding officer, while in the service of the
United States, in Kilpatrick's raid in Virginia
in March, 18S4.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereofthe bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to
WiJ.LfAJI P. KESUI.
Mi'. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that '
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1299) for the
relief of William P. K err.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to William P. Kerr, late
a private in company D, third regiment Indiana
cavalry, the sum of $115 in full for a horse
and equipments abandoned by him by order
of his commanding officer in the face of the
enemy, while in the military service of the
United States, at Dinwiddie Court House, Vir-
ginia.
Mr. CONGEIl. 1 wish to say that a great
many claims of this kind have been presented
here and not acted on. I for one desire that
the committee shall repoit some general bill
that will embrace all claims of tliis sort for
horses lost in the service. I have no particular
objection to this bill, except that I am opposed
to the passage of bills for the relief of claim-
ants who live in the vicinity of members of the
Committee of Claims while hundreds of other
men cannot get their claims through.
_ Mr. HOLMAN. I am in favor of a general
bill myself, but 1 trust tho gentleman will not
oppose the passage of this bill.
Mr. CONGER. I insist that this class of
claims should all be, postponed until a general
bill shall be reported.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as the principle
of this bill is right, I hope it will be acted on
now. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. IIOIjMAN moved to reconsider I he vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidcr be laid on the
table.
Tho latter motion was ngrecd to.
OAM'AUN UrnVAltl) HALL.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported adversely
upon tho case of Captain Edward Ball ; and
moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the ease, that tho
same be laid on the table, and that the report
accompanying the same be printed.
The motion was agreed to; and it was ordered
accordingly.
KOSU'EUj M. SHURTIiUKJ)'.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
tho Committee of Claims, reported a joint, res-
olution (li. R. No. 208) for the relief of Uos-
well M. Shurtleff, of New York ; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering tho joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to audit and pay to lioswell M. Shurtleff, of
New York, as first lieutenant and adjutant of"
tho naval brigade and Union coast guard, or-
ganized in May, 1SG1, by Colonel Washington
A. Bavtlett, of New York, the pay and emol-
uments of a first lieutenant and adjutant for
military services rendered by him, without hav-
ing been mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted States, from May 15, 18G1, to J uly 23, 18G2,
deducting therefrom the amount received by
him from the United Slates as a piisoner of
war at Richmond, Virginia. .
Mr. WOOD. Is there any report accompa-
nying this joint resolution ? I think wo should
have some information on this subject before i
we are called upon to vote upon it. j
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. There
is a report; but 1 will state that the only diffi- j
culty in the case was that soon after this person j
had discharged this service he was taken pris- :
oner and held (is such at Richmond, Virginia, i
for several months. When he was released,
and returned, the company to which h« had t>«
longed had been mustered into another regi-
ment, so that his name does not appear on the
rolls. The committee thought the case was a
just one, and recommend the passage of this
joint resolution.
Mr. WOOD. I do not doubt but what-the
gentleman is satisfied that this is a very merit-
orious case, nor have I any disposition to op-
pose the passage of this resolution ; but I wish
to say that there are many hundreds ef asos
precisely like this.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. In
every instance where any such case as this has
been before our committee we have reported
favorably upon it. If we are satisfied that
these persons honestly discharged their ser-
vices, and were taken prisoners before being
mustered into service, we report in favor of
their relief.
Mi-. WOOD. I shall not object to the pas-
sage of this joint resolution after the explana-
tion of the gentleman. But I will say to him
that to my personal knowledge there are very
many such cases as this in my district.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I now
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to bo
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMassachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint res-
olution was passed ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GUKBNLEAK, i'LYNN, AND BROWN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported adversely
upon the claim of Albert Greenleaf, William
L'lynn, and S. P. Brown, late Navy agents,
Washington, District of Columbia ; and moved
that the committee be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, that it be laid on tho table,
and that the report of the committee be primed.
The motion was agreed to; and it was ordered
accordingly.
D. W. MAUTINDELL.
Mr. WASHBURN of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported adversely upon
the claim of D. W. Martindell, for coal taken
duringthe war for Government use ; and moved
that the committee be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, that it be laid on the table,
and that the report accompanying the same be
printed.
The motion was agreed to; and it was ordered
accordingly.
AAHON DOVE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported adversely upon
the petition of Aaron Dove, asking compensa-
tion for the services of his son, Phillip Dove,
deceased ; and moved that the committee be
discharged trom its further consideration, that
the same be kid upon the table, and the report
of the committee printed.
The motion was agreed to; and it was ordered
accordingly.
I'ttMND A. BRAfNAltC.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported a bill (II. It. No.
1011) for the relief of Friend A. Brainard ;
which was read a first and second time.
Ibe question was upon ordering the bill lo
engrossed and read a third time. -
Ih© bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Friend A. Braiu-
ard. the sum of $300, said sum having been
improperly exacted of him as commutation in
1863 wlnle he was still sufferiug from wounds
leceived in battle while in the service of tho
United States.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMassachusetts. I call
the previous question.,
The previous question was seconded and the
