258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
Ho. oj? Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Maynard.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
pound becomes in consequence 0 cents^ per
pouud dearer to the consumer. I admit that
that is true of coffee as well as of tea, spices,
and everything else imported without domestic
competition.
In these instances the importer commands
the market, regulates prices, and of course
reimburses himself the duties paid, which fall
as a burden upon the consumer. This applies
to all articles that we import and do not pro-
duce.
As between these two classes of importa-
tions, there would seem to be little difficulty
in deciding upon which to impose duties, upon
that where the burden falls on the foreign im-
porter, or upon that where it falls on the citi-
zen-consumer. The former comes here because
lie finds a market better than his own and can
afford to divide his profits with our Treasury;
the latter goes abroad for commodities not
found at home, and brings them with him on
his return, charged with all Government im-
posts, in addition to the original cost and the
expenses of the double voyage. Let them, then,
who sit at the receipt of custom, divide profits
with the Canadian farmer, who crosses the bor-
der with his butter and cheese and barley aud
wheat and oats and potatoes and lumber; and
with the Liverpool merchants, whose ships
enter our harbors laden with coal and salt;
but do not exact from the American farmer a
pittance for the tea and coffee and pepper and
allspice which he has at great price brought
from the other side of the world to supply his
daily table.
Intermediate between these two classes are
many articles, produced both at home and
abroad, the duties upon which are divided
between the importer and the consumer in pro-
portion as the foreign production or the domes-
tic preponderates in the control of the market.
Of this character are sugar, the manufactures
of flax and silk, cigars, wine and brandy, the
finer fabrics of cotton and wool, steel, iron, and
copper. To adjust the duty upon them, so as
to foster domestic industry without sustaining
monopoly, to secure adequate revenue for the
Government without unduly burdening the cit-
izen, is a financial problem to be solved only
by patient and detailed investigation into the
state of production and trade. Every one not
interested in the sale of foreign wares will, I
think, admit that it is desirable for us on many
accounts to supply of all these articles at least
a portion of what we consume. One strong
reason is the money reason. We thereby offer
competition to the imported article, keep our-
selves from the hands of the foreign monop-
olist, bring down the price to the consumer,
and save to him on his entire consumption far
more than the whole sum collected and paid
under the tariff.
Numerous examples might be given of the
operation of this principle. Of small manu-
factures, I instance eyelets made of copper.
Until within a few years they were all im-
■ported from Prance, where they were made by
hand and at a cost of 32 cents per thousand.
Some one in this country invented machinery
for their manufacture ; a duty of 45 per cent.
ad valorem was imposed upon them as a man-
ufacture of copper, and several establishments
went into operation. The result was that the
price fell at once from 02 cents to 20 cents per
thousand, followed by a sharp competition
between the importers and the American man-
ufacturers for the possession of the market. It
is obviously for the interest of the consumer so
to adjust the tariff that neither shall obtain
an absolute control.
There is another intermediary manufacture—
that of the chromate and bichromate of po-
tassa—used as a mordant in printing calicoes
and in certain classes of wool-dyeing. This
article was formerly produced by only one estab-
lishment in the neighborhood of Glasgow, in
Scotland, and was sold for 37 cents a pound.
A Baltimore gentleman discovered a deposit
in Maryland and another in Pennsylvania, and
commenced the manufacture of it. The result
was that the price to the consumer went down
from 37 to 18 cents. There is a duty on it at
this time of 3 cents a pound. The original
manufacturer is now dead and his sons.are
carrying on the business. The price in our
market is now reduced to 16 cents a pound,
with sharp competition between them and their
Scotch competitor. The cost of this article
nearly all'arises from labor, and I am informed
that the monthly pay-roll reaches from $6,000
to $8,000 disbursed in a comparatively poor
part of the State of Maryland.
There is another article of a similar charac-
ter, though perhaps of greater importance—
soua-ash. This also was exclusively produced
abroad. Some years ago, as I am informed,
a man of enterprise in the city of Pittsburg
undertook the manufacture. He was so far
successful that the price came down fully one
half. But somehow—how I do not know—
there was a change in the tariff and a reduction
of the duty. And there came an order from the
foreign establishment to their American agent
that "Bennet's fires must be put out." The
article was thrown into the region where he had
found his market, at a price ruinous to him,
and in that way his fires were '' put out," his es-
tablishment was closed, he himself was ruined,
and it has been mentioned to me as an addi-
tional circumstance of sorrow, attributable to
his calamity, that his wife lost her reason and
died in a mad-house.
Of larger manufactures I may mention cast
steel, a most interesting branch of industry
which has sprung up in America within the
last ten years, and was fostered very greatly
by the war. The proprietor of one establish-
ment, started in 1862, told me that at that time
English cast steel of a specified quality sold in
the market for 15 cents per pound; he sold his
at 14 cents per pound. The English fell at
once to 13 cents; he reduced his price to 12
cents, and was followed by a further reduction
by the English to 11 cents, at which price both
continue to be supplied to the consumer. It
is not to the purpose that but for the tariff of
3 cents per pound the English article would
be still cheaper. Previous to the tariff it was
not as cheap, and if by a removal of the tariff
or other causes the American manufacture were
stopped, nobody doubts that the Englishman
would return to the old prices. No nation is
really independent whose markets are con-
trolled by foreigners, or whose people must
rely upon foreigners for the necessaries of life
or the material of war.
What I say of the two manufactures, the
little one, of copper eyelets, and the large one,
of cast steel, is true in a greater or less degree
of every other manufacture that has sprung
into life under the influence of encouraging
legislation. The advocates of what claims to
be free trade have been challenged to furnish a
single instance in which the establishment of
domestic production has not been followed by
a substantial and permanent reduction in the
price. I repeat the challenge. I call upon any
gentleman to furnish a solitary example where
the establishment of a manufacture in this coun-
try has not been followed by a substantial and
permanent reduction of price to the consumer.
It follows, then, that the tariff falls as a bur-
den upon the consumer, and in that sense be-
comes a tax upon the people only when imposed
upon articles which cannot be, or at any rate
are not, produced in the country. In all other
cases it is either borne directly and ultimately
by the importer, or is reimbursed to the com-
munity by the consequent reduction of prices
in the market.
A PROTECTIVE TARIFF AND A FREE-TRADE TARIFF.
I call the attention of the committee here to
the distinction between a protective tariff and
a free-trade tariff. They have a pretty clear
conception what a protective tariff is; they may
not be quite as well aware of what a free-trade
tariff is.
From what I have said it will be seen that
what is called a protective tariff is that which
falls upon the importer immediately, by com-
pelling him to pay at once and without recourse,
from his own pocket, or indirectly by stimu
lating competition, and so reducing the price
of his goods. What is termed a free-trade tariff
is that which falls entirely upon the consumer,
and is paid in the enhanced price of the com-
modity. All our American tariffs, have been
more or less protective; and as we might expect,
have been the constant subject of complaint
by all who subsist by dealing in imported mer-
chandise, and especially by the British manu-
facturer, who finds in this country his greatest
and most profitable market. The Free-Trade
League of the city of New York, whoever and
whatever it may be, invites attention to a scheme
for a free-trade tariff. It is, in its way, a curi-
osity, and worth examining entire. Brevity
and simplicity are a conspicuous merit. There
are five lists or schedules, giving the articles
to be assessed, the rate of duty, and the esti-
mated receipts.
Schedule A.—Articles of food, driah, cfrc.
Tea, 25 cents per pound $10,000,000
Coffee, 5 cents per pound  12,000,003
Spices. 15 cents per pound  2,000,000
Fruits, 2 cents per pound for dry, 10 cents
for green  3,000,000
Nuts, 1 cent per pound  450,000
Sardines, 30 per cent  800,000
Chocolate, 7 cents per pound   100,000
Opium, $1 per pound  250,000
Licorice, 10 cent' per pound  375,000
Total 328,475,000
Schedule II.—Manufactured articles.
Flax, and its manufactures, 25 per cent.
ad valorem  So, 000,009
Gloves, of skin, $2 50 per dozen  l.OOO.OOO
Furs, 2o per cent  500,000
Silks, manufactures of, 35 per cent.  10,000,000
Total $16,500,000
Schedule C.—Metals.
Tin, in blocks and pigs and plates, and manufac-
tures of, 25 per cent    $2,003,OOu
Schedule V.— ~Win.es, spirits, and tobacco.
Cigars. 2 per pound $11,000,003
Tobacco, 25 cents per pound  1,750,000
Spirits, $2 per gallon  13,000,000
Wines, 50 cents per gallon  '4,500,000
Sparkling wines, 86 per dozen  1,350,000
These sums, it is estimated, may bo in-
creased 20 per cent  6,320,000
Total S37,920,000
Schedule E.—Sugar and molasses.
Uniform duty of 3 cents per pound. §38,000,000
The total estimated receipts by this bill are
$122,895,000, Some of the proposed duties
might at first view seem protective, as the duties
on silk and flax manufactures, gloves and furs,
spirits, tobacco, and sugars. But this is ex-
plained in a foot note, which asserts that silk
and flax are not manufactured to an important
extent in the country; that the gloves and furs
imported are not similar to those made here;
that the spirits made in this country are dis-
tilled from grain, not from fruit, as are the
brandies; that the imported tobacco is for
cigars, and the duty upon it is made equal to
the internal tax, and by a suggestion, that upon
the domestic product of sugar and molasses an
internal tax shall be imposed equal to the duly.
It will be borne in mind that we have much
capital and labor employed in refining the raw
sugars imported from Cuba and South America.
This has become an important branch of indus-
try, fostered by a larger duty upon the refined
sugar than upon the raw. This bill proposes to
make the rate uniform. In short, it is framed
so as to relieve the foreign producer from every
burden, who seeks our market in competition
