3160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
altered in the committee. Among the tunend-
meats long since prepared is this one, and I
am glad it commends itself to the approbation
of the gentleman from Wisconsin, who ought
to have given us credit for heiug as desirous
of doing what is right as himself.
Mr. ELD1UDGE. If I had had access to
the committee's records I would have known
the fact, but the gentleman knows I had not
such access.
Mr. SCHENCK. But the gentleman had
access to th* record I presented this morning,
when I stated that the committee desired to
correct the hill in that particular. If he thinks
he has driven us to it he is welcome to glory in
his success. But we happened to have agreed
upon this amendment without thiuking of the
gentleman from Wisconsin and long before wc
knew of his approval or disapproval. I am
afraid I must deduct that much from the gen-
tleman's satisfaction.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I presume the letter
addressed to me by the gentleman in Milwau-
kee was written without nis having the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means in
his mind.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very probably.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
paragraph, instead of only striking out the
•words included in the amendment of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means.
That amendment, I think, practically leaves
the law as it is now, which, I understand, is
what is proposed by the chairman of the com-
mittee. Therefore, as there is the same rea-
son for strikingout the whole paragraph as for
striking out those words, I move to strike it
out.
Mr. PAINE. I understood that it was the
purpose of the Committee of Ways and Means
to make an amendment here so that the duty
on tin pla'es should remain as it is nnder the
existing law, instead of being raised from 25
per cent, ad valorem to 2J- cents per pound,
which is about 50 per cent, ad valorem. Now, I
wish to ask the gentleman from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, if
] am not correct in the statement I am about
to make ? I understood it to be the purpose
of the chairman of the committee, and of the
committee, to reduce the duty on tin plates to
25 percent, ad valorem; that is, to leave it as
it is. Is that so?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes; it is our intention
to leave the duty as it is.
Mr. PAINE. Then, as I understand, tin
platea are iron coated with tin. And if you
make the amendment which has been suggested
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means and leave the next clause of the para
graph you will still have a duty of 2 J cents per
pound on tin plates. This will be the result of
leaving the words "on iron coated with sine
or any other metal, 2} cents per pound." Cer-
tainly that clause covers tin plates, though the
chairman of the committee may not intend by
those words to cover them; for tin plates are
certainly iron coated with tin. I suggest, then,
that in order to make his amendment suffi-
ciently extensive to cover what he proposes by
striking out a portion of the paragraph he
should either strike it out entirely or else
modify it so as to leave tin plates exempt from
this doty of 2$ cents per pound.
Mr. 8CHENCK. Mr. Chairman, the lan-
guage of the present law is, " on tin plates;
iron galvanized or coated with any metal by
electric battery or otherwise, 2£ cents per
pound." My own impression is that the lan-
guage of this paragraph, without some further
amendment, might be subject to the objection
which the gentleman from Wisconsin makes.
The difficulty is in the construction, in the dis-
pute that has arisen whether tin plates that are
galvanized—that is, plates made of iron in the
torin generally used for tinning—come in under
the general description of iron galvanized. I
do not see why there should be that doubt. I
believe myself the better way would bo to
strike out the whole paragraph as the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Ai.uson] proposes, and leave
them at the Treasury Department to construe
the law as it now stands reasonably.
The formal amendments being withdrawn,
the question was taken on Mr. Allison's
motion to strikeout the paragraph ; und it was
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
On horse and mule shoos, 2 ccifts per pound.
Mr. COX. I move to rcduce the duty to 1
cent per pound.
Mr. ALLISON. Move to strike out the
whole paragraph,
Mr. COX. Well, I move to strike out the
paragraph. I speak now in the interest of my
constituents, a large body of whom are carters
and truckmen, and use horses, and of course
horseshoes, aud not so much in the interest of
those who use mules and mule shoes, who are
represented by some of my friends here,
Mr. MAYNARD. The duty on these shoes
at present, I believe, is that oa unenumerated
manufactures of iron, 35 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BURCHA11D. They come in as rolled
and hammered irou in shapes, ut 11 cents per
pound.
Mr. MAYNARD. The manufacture of these
shoes hag come to be an important branch of
industry. A great portion of thein that used
to be made at the cross-roads blacksmiths'
shops are now made by very ingenious machin-
ery and at a much lower rate than formerly.
The manufacturers of them are certainly enti-
tled to be protected as against the foreign man-
ufacturer. There should be a higher duty upon
them than that upon the iron out of which they
are made. The Committee of Ways and Means
thought that this duty of 2 cents per pound
would fulfill those conditions, and hence they
fixed the duty at this rate. This is a manu-
facture which has been to the horse-using and
horse-owning portion of the people an exceed-
ingly valuable one, one to which the business
of the country is under great obligations, and
it is entitled, we thought, to this quantum of
protection.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to amend the
paragraph by striking out " 2 cents " and in-
serting '• 1^ cents." The present duty on
horseshoes, as I understand the law, is 1^ cents
per pound. They come in as "rolled or ham-
mered iron unenumerated." It is true that
manufactories have sprung up which by the
labor of these costly machines have taken
away this business from the cross-roads black-
smiths. Those Cross-roads blacksmiths that
the gentleman from Tennessee speaks of never
had any protection and never asked for any
protection. But by the introduction of these
ingenious machines the making of horseshoes
has been taken away from these men and is
now carried on in some four or five places in
the United States. The largest and the pioneer
establishment is in Troy, New York. There
is another one in Buffalo, another at Auburn,
another at Providence, and there are one or
two in Pittsburg.
Now, the gentlemen who own these factories,
I dare say, do notask for any protection. They
have a monopoly of the business. They never
have asked for any protection, and they do not
need any protection. A bar of iron that is pro-
tected by this bill as it no.w stands at a cent;
pound is cut off into lengths by one machiuea
by another machine these are bent into the
shape of horse-shoes; by another machine they
are creased and punched, and then they are
ready for the blacksmith to put on the toe-
piece and corks. That is the operation, and
it is much more simple than the making of
nails, because a horse-shoe weighs about a
pound, and the average weight of nails would
be from 50 to 100 to the pound. The making
of nails requires motions of the human hand
to turn the apparatus, while here you simply
put the iron in the machine and the horse-
shoes come out manufactured and almost ready
for the blacksmith's use.
Mri SCHENCK. What are tliey worth?
Mr. BUliCHARD. Well, they vary. The
greatest demand for horseshoes is late in the
year, in September anil October, when the
farmers who have had their horses out at pas-
ture have to put them upon the road to carry iheir
crops to market. It is then that horses need
to be shod, and along in that month the black-
smith provides himself with kegs of shoes. The
retail dealer supplies himself a month or two
earlier, and the wholesale dealer a month or
two earlier than that.
Now, if you pass this provision it will simply
have this effect, that by combinations those
persons engaged in the wholesale trade of (his
article can control the market, by buying or
ordering to be made all that these establishments
can make, and then put up the price as they
see fit, at least to the extent of duty hero im-
posed. But if you leave the duty on this article
as it now is, such a combination could not be
made to stand any length of time. If these
shoes are made abroad, and I presume there
are machines there for the purpose, an order
could be sent across the ocean by telegraph,
and in thirty days the shoes could be landed
in this country, and in that way such a combin-
ation could be prevented.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I wish to
state, in connection with this subject, that it
does seem to me that the amount of protection
proposed by the Committee of Wuysand Means
is very remarkable. Let us look at this subject
for a moment. This bill, as it came from the
Committee of Ways and Means, provided a
protection of $7 in gold per ton on the produc-
tion of pig iron. Then it provided a protec-
tion of 1J cents per pound upon bar iron, the
raw material of which horseshoes are manufac-
tured. Now the manufacturer of horseshoes
is to be protected by the provisions of this bill
to the extent of 2 cents per pound in gold ; or
making an aggregate of about $80 in gold per
ton on the raw material used by 250,000 black-
smiths in this country. Now, who is here to
speak in behalf of the blacksmiths of this coun-
try and of their interests? No one seems dis-
posed to do so. Those men who toil at the
anvil for a livelihood have no one here to speak
in behalf of their interests when it is proposed
to tax the raw material indispensable to their
business at the enormous rates proposed by
this bill. If this burden is imposed upon them
they will be compelled to charge the farmers
and teamsters, and all who use or employ
horses in this country, a price for horseshoes
even higher than when they were forged by the
blacksmiths themselves at the cross-roads. It
is the fact that men who require to have their
horses shod are compelled to pay more for it
now than ten years ago. I hope that this par-
agraph will be stricken out, and that 35 per
cent, ad valorem will be deemed sufficient duty
to be charged on the raw material used by
250.000 blacksmiths of our country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment so as to make the duty 2J cents
per pound, for the purpose of saying that I do
not understand how 2 cents per pound can be
$80 per ton or upward. My figuring does not
carry me that far into the mysteries of math-
ematics.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri-. I will
explain.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not need any ex-
planation, for 2 cents per pound on a ton
of 2,240 pounds it seems to me is very easily
calculated.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Add to that
1} cents per pound on bar iron and $7 per ton
on pig iron and you will make out the figures I
stated.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have here an illustra-
tion of the effects of the tariff on this article of
horseshoes upon a very meritorious and wor-
thy class of our citizens of whom I spoke
familiarly as the cross-roads' blacksmiths.
Many of us ean recollect when in our boy
