1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3161
hood we took oar horses to the country black-
smith's shop and the blacksmith had to manu-
facture the shoes himself that he used in his
business, in order to do that he employed a
striker or assistant to do the very heavy part of i
the-vork; butnow, in consequenceoftlieinveii-
tionsot'Mr.Burden, of Troy.aod several others,
because there are several inveutionsof the kind
in this country, the blacksmith is enabled to
buy readymade the shoes that he needs for his
business at a price perhaps a fraction more
than the iron itself would cost him, and all
that he has to do is to exercise his skill as a |
farrier to fit them to and nail them upon the
horse's feet. He is thus able to make his profit ,
upon his labor and skill without being obliged j
to perform the very hard work formerly required
of him. He can earn twice as much in a day
as he could by the old system, and at the same
time dispense with the hire of an assistant or
striker. Now, this duty of 2 cents per pound, i
instead of being $£0 per ton, is but a little
more than half that sum.
Mr. McCOiiMICK, of Missouri. The gen- ,
tleman's arithmetic is all wrong.
Air. MAYNARD. A ton contains 2,240
pounds, and 2 cents a pound would be "$44 80.
Whatever may be the duty on pig iron or bar
iron or any other iron named in the bill that
does not affect this matter, which is a plain
question of ciphering. I submit that to fol-
low out the notion of some gentlemen here and
import horseshoes from abroad, to be used in
our blacksmith's shops and nailed upon the feet
of our horses, would be to adopt a system the
propriety of which I cannot understand. I
cannot comprehend why a gentleman repre-
senting an interior district, as does my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Bvbchard,] and whose con-
stituents are obliged to use such immense quan-
tities of these articles, should propose to make
those constituents dependent in any degree or
in any contingency upon sending abroad to
England or Scotlaud to bring horseshoes here
to be put upon our plow horses. That is a kind
of political economy the philosophy of which
1 confess I cannot understand. I hope that
amendment will not prevail.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot assent to the
proposition made by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Maynard,] to raise this duty to
cents. I am somewhat shaketi in my opin-
ion as to whether we ought to retain the duty
at 2 cents. The committee bad) as gentlemen
will readily understand, but two objects in
view. One was to convert an ad valorem duty
into a specific duty, which would be at least
its equivalent, because specific duties are much
simpler and are better calculated to prevent
fraode. Another consideration operating upon
the mind of the committee was that whatever
thetariff, the duty on the form of manufactured
iron should be, if there were any difference,
a little higher than the duty on the iron
itself. Otherwise there would be an induce-
ment to make horseshoes abroad and import
them instead of the iron, if they could come
in cheaper than the iron itself. I understand,
however, from the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Burchabd] that so far as he.knowsthere
are now none imported; and he has been
dealing in the article. If so that contingency
has not arisen. I would be inclined, with the
information which wehave, to leave the duty just
where it is in the present law, by striking oat
the paragraph. The committee labored under
this difficulty, that as these horseshoes have
come in among unenumerated articles, there is
no Treasury report upon the subject, and there-
lore we were obliged to rely upon othersources
for our information as to whether 35 per cent.
ad valorem is equivalent to the rate of duty on
the iron of which the shoes are manufactured.
1 yield the remainder of -my time to the gen-
tleman from L'.inois, [Mr. Jcdd.]
Mr. JTJDD. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will gitt me his attention for a moment,
I think I can make him understand why this
change should be made. Assuming as true
what is the fact, that we can make in this count
try all the horseshoes that we need, and that
there is no occasion to import them, that when
made they can, in consequence of our advan-
tages with respect to machinery be sold at a
fair profit yet more cheaply than they can be
made abroad ; in view of those two proposi-
tions the question is asked why impose any
duty at all V Why reduce the duty ? Why not
make it higher or lower ? I will answer the
gentleman from Tennessee. The capacity of
the machinery supplying our market with horse-
shoes is known by the jobbers of this country.
A combination of large jobbers in New York,
Philadelphia, Chicago, and St. Louis may give
an order to the extent of the entire capacity
of the manufacturers, and they get the entire
product. If such an order has been given to
an establishment in the county of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, or in my own county, a
monopoly of the stock there manufactured is
thus secured. If anybody wants horseshoes
he must buy them of this combination or their
agents; and they, knowing that they have con-
trol of the entire market, fix their own charges
and demand a very exorbitant profit. The
only security for the other dealers consists in
enabling them to give an order abroad. Other-
wise the monopoly will be complete and these
jobbers will fix their own prices. There is no
occasion for giving an order abroad so long as
those controlling the manufacture in this coun-
try will sell at a fair profit; but when they
undertake to extort, the smaller dealer ought
to be able to protect himself by giving an
order for foreign horseshoes.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, the horseshoes of this character
used in this country are made by one ma-
chine, or by the combination of otlier inven-
tions with it, invented in 1857 by Mr. Berdan
of Troy, New York. He patented his inven-
tion in this country. The same machine
which makes this kind of horseshoes in the
Uuited States also makes them in England.
They are all made by the same patent er some
modification of it. As I have said, it is the
patent of Mr. Berdan of Troy, New York, pat-
ented in 1857, in this country. It was pat-
ented in England at the same time, and at
once put into operation there. This machine
will take a bar of iron, put it into the machine,
turn it, stamp it, and bring it into the proper
form of horseshoes, at the rate of sixty horse-
shoes every minute, and turn them out. By
careful management that machine will turn
out 36,000 horseshoes ready for sale in a day
of eleven hours. It will do that here and it
will do the same thing in England. The ma-
chine that does it here is the game machine
that does it there. It lias been modified to
give different forms,, to make flatter shoes, or
thinner shoes, or to make them with more or
less punch-holes in them.
This machine, which will turn out 36,000
horseshoes here or in England in a day of
eleven hours, will supply all the horseshoes
needed there or in the United States; and the
only ground I can see for imposing any tariff
on this article at all is the protection which
will afford protection to labor in this country.
It will protect the labor which makes these
horseshoes in the United States against the
labor in England, which is much cbeapet and
which makes these horseshoes with the same
machine. The effect of the tariff upon this
particular kiud of horseshoes is merely a pro-
tection of onr labort and nothing else. Now,
if my friends here on my side: of the House,
with whom I can sometimes votej if they do
really desire to protect the labor of our work-
ingtnen, if they, who have shed so many multi-
tudinous tears over the oppreBBions to which
the laboring men are subject, they will support
the proposition for imposing a tariff upon this
article so as to protect the labor engaged in
this production.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What does it cost a
pound to taanufacture these shoes ?
Mr. CONGER. As I have said, the machine
makes thirty-six thousand horseshoes a day.
It takes five men to run the machine. Then
there is the expense of coal to heat the machine.
The iron is forced through and bent by five
men. Then there is the expense of the machin-
ery. I cannot tell exactly just now what it
costs to make these horseshoes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not the proposed tariff
wholly disproportioned to the cost of this pro-
duction ?
Mr. CONGER. These horseshoes are made
by a peculiar kind of machine, patented in this
country. It is a machine which manufactures
them very rapidly. The same maohiue is used
in England, although an American invention.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then, according to the
geutleman's remarks, the best thing we could
do would be to prohibit the use of the machine
and let the laborer do the work.
Mr.. CONGER. That is not the point I am
on. The gentleman can make his own sugges-
tions on that point.
i was about to say that the iron of which
these shoes are made, or ought to be made, is
| of a superior quality. It ought to be of a par-
| ticular hardness. Our soft Lake Superior iron
i is not fitted for the purpose. The iron which
! is used iu the production of these shoes has
j imposed upon it a duty of l£ cents per pound.
! If a little duSy lie not allowed in favor of our
I own labor, then my friend from Iowa and my
i friend from Wisconsin and my other friends
1 on this side of the House have shed their tears
in vain.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman Bbeds his
tears for the machine.
! Mr. ALLISON. I have not shed any tears
j lately.
I [Here the hammer fell.] .
I Mr. COX. The gentleman ff6tri Michigan
[Mr. CoifGfiu] has boiled down his proposition
to the difference between the wages in this and
other countries. The trouble with the gentle-
man, as with Others here and heretofore, isthat
they forget that there are fewer hours per day
or week for the manufacturing operative in
England than in the United States. I send to
be read a statement which I intetided to make
in answer to another gentleman the other day.
i The Clerk re&d as lolloWs:
I "Some time siiice thegentlemaiiJWin if(5w Jersey
| TMr. Hill] inade an effort to show that tfages in the
] United iStatee-are very much higher than in iang-
land, Frances, and Belgium, I have nob the mea.ua
of making a comparison of the rtages of labor iu this
country with those of France and Belgium; but I
have with England. I take thoee of manufacturing
operatives given by the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Hill.] Take carders, for instance. lie gives
the wages of that class of operatives at®t 3r' in the
United States and 83 85 dn England, weekly wages. I
believe his table is copied from Commissioner Wells's
last report. Prom whatever source he obtains his
facts his statements are not correct^ He makes tio
diiferenee for the hours of labor per week iu tiio two
countries. In England the manufacturing operative
works but nine hours perd iy, or fifty-four houis each
week. In the United States he works eleven hours
each day, or ftlxty-six hours each week, making
twelve hours more of labor per week in this country
than in England. Take the carder, and make the
proportions thus:
54:385::66
66
; . .. • 2310 ■
2310
54;254l0(470
• 216
381
378
30
In England   £0
In the United States   * 37
Excess in England  33
"Therefore, if fhe carder labored sixty-six hours
per week in England, at the same tato of wages he
