1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1273
some personal attention since the committee
reported this bill, and I have come to the con-
clusion tbat the amount which the committee
propose to report on this subject is really too
small. As has been remarked by the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] the sale for these volumes of the reports
of the decisions of the Court of Claims is very
small indeed. It is limited mainly to the lawyers
who practice in that court, who do not consti-
tute a very large number of persons, either in
reference to the profession itself or the whole
population of the country. These reports fur- j
nish copies of the decisions of the Court of ;
Claims in convenient form for the use of the
Departments and for the various bureaus in the
several Departments, as well as for the use of
the members of both Houses of Congress. I
think the idea of substituting formal reports of
the decisions of the court instead of the copies
required by the original act is a good one. And,
sir, if this court is of any value at all its decis-
ions should be placed in some convenient form,
not only for use of the officers of the Govern-
ment, but for the use of the profession and for
the public generally who are interested in what
this court decides.
As to how much the decisions of this court
may be worth, or as to the policy of perpet-
uating the court itself, it may be a matter for
discussion in the minds of members of Con-
gress. But, sir, this court has been in exist-
ence a number of years, and its existence is
continued and perpetuated by act of Congress
at each session. We appropriate for the pay
of its judges, and when there are vacancies in
the court appointments are made to fill them,
and those appointments are confirmed by the
Senate. Indeed we appropriate all the money
necessary to carry on the machinery of that
court. But I do think that the amount of
$1,000 for this particular purpose is too small,
taking the other amounts we pay for other ex-
penses in carrying on this tribunal. The clerk
of the Court of Claims informs me that $200
only will remain for the current year upon
which he can draw for reporting the proceed-
ings of this court and for the other contingent
expenses connected with it, and that if Congress
did not come to his relief by appropriating for
the deficiency, or by increasing the appropria-
tion for the ensuing fiscal year, he could not
perform the duty which Congress expected
nim to do, and which he has been doing. He
has commended himself to our approval, so
far as I know, as a most careful and economical
officer. Therefore, believing this amount is too
small, I am willing to increase it to $1,800,
but I prefer to make it $1,500 for the next
year.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.SCHENCK. It seems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, in our rage for reform, we may push the
matter a little too far if we refuse to give the
aggregate amount of $1,800 for preparing and
completing a volume of reports of decisions
for the year in which we are making appropria-
tions for this Court of Claims. I do not know
whether in the appropriation of $26,840 there
is included any item of extra compensation to
the clerk for preparing these reports; I under-
stand, however, there is not; and if it be that
this is the whole appropriation for the prepa-
ration of a year of reports of the decisions of
that court, so as to put them in form for pres-
ervation, the sum of $1,800 is little enough.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It is only for clerical
services.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman talks about
clerical services. I understand the clerk is
bound now to furnish the Departments with
copies of the decisions made by the court;
but, sir, it is not a mere jumble together, with-
out order or arrangement, or introductory
matter, or syllabus, that constitutes a good
volume of reports. And I suppose if these
reports take book shape for the use of the pro-
fession, and the use of all the Departments of
the Government, it will be required in each
case that there shall be a statement of the
case, that there shall be a marginal syllabus,
and that there shall be furnished also, what
are not furnished in the certified copies of the
different Departments, the briefs of counsel,
with the authorities cited, so as, in short, to
make a useful book of reference, as a book of
reports of decisions of what is the law and the
grounds on which the decisions are made.
1 was surprised that my colleague [Mr. Law-
rence] should have taken the view of the
matter he did. When a few moments ago he
was disposed to give $1,440 to the superintend-
ent of the conservatory I thought his heart
was opening. In his love for bouquets I thought
he was displaying a great deal of sentiment,
and I did not think that he would immediately
afterwards abandon what I know he always
loved, the law. But I am astonished to find
that he loves the law less than he does the
flowers. Now, I must say that I like Mr.
Smith, and that I like his flowers, and that I
was quite willing to vote with my liberal col-
league to give $1,440 to the superintendent of
the garden. But I am surprised that my col-
league, lawyer asheis, judge as hehasbeen, and
perfect expert as he is in all that is connected
with the subject of this amendment, should wish
to pay the man who is charged with the prepa-
ration of a volume of reports of this kind, and
of successive volumes of reports, and who, to
discharge that duty, ought to be a competent
lawyer—should wish to pay him at a lower rate
of salary than the man who has charge of the
green-house of Congress. I am afraid that it
was only a short lucid interval that my col-
league had. I am afraid that when his liber-
ality opened to the sentiment and the poetry
of flowers he .was not quite himself. I did not
think, however, that his heart would close
when he came to the subject of law, with which
he is familiar.
I hope my colleague will review his decision
and determine to go with the Committee on the
Judiciary in this matter, so that we may have
these volumes of reports, valuable as they
must be forthe profession and the Government,
prepared under the supervision of some one
possessing the necessary skill and knowledge
for the purpose. It should be the object of all
of us to have these reports as complete and
creditable as they ought to be.
Mr. BECK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. My recollection is that when we had the
clerk of this court before the Committee on
Appropriations his statement was, in substance,
that he prepared these reports himself. We
pay him $3,000 a year, as clerk of the court,
and allow him an assistant with a salary of
$2,000 a year.
Mr. COOK. These reports, I understand,
have been prepared heretofore by Judge Nott
and not by the clerk.
Mr. BECK. As I stated, we had the clerk
before the Committee on Appropriations, and
he stated that he, the clerk, prepared them and
Judge Nott revised them; that they sold enough
of the books to pay all the expenses; but that
they did not, he thought, yield quite enough
to remunerate him for his work, as he had to
divide the proceeds with Judge Nott. We pay
him $3,000 a year as clerk of the court, and
we propose to pay him another $1,000 for this
extra work. We also allow him an assistant
clerk at $2,000, and the two prepare these
books, as I think, in a very satisfactory way
for what we allow. From my recollection of
what was stated before the committee it is my
impression that the clerk, with $3,000 salary,
with the services of an assistant clerk at $2,000,
and with another $1,000 for this work, is amply
paid.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, this is not, a
proposition to furnish the Court of Claims with
a fourth-class clerk. It is a proposition to make
the salary of the clerk of the Court of Claims
$4,800. It is nothing more nor less than this.
It is to give the clerk for this special work
of editing these reports and decisions $1,800
instead of $1,000, in addition to his pay of
$3,000. We look to him for whatever we have
furnished to us as reports, be it more or less.
No first-class lawyer will be installed there to
delight the heart of my distinguished friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] but the clerk will
go on as he has done heretofore, and enjoy not
only the addition of $1,000 to his salary of
$3,000, but $800 more. He has all these decis-
ions printed at the public expense. Every one
of them is printed at the Government Printing
Office without costing him a dollar, and all he
has to do is to have enough printed when the
first copy is printed to make up his books. No
work whatever is attendant upon the prepara-
tion of these reports beyond what the law re-
quires the clerk to do, except to make out a
syllabus. This is no more and no less than a
proposition to make the salary of the clerk of
the Court of Claims $4,800, and I trust that
we will not be raising salaries at this time. I
withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Cook's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For payment of judgments which may be rendered
by the court in favor of claimants, $100,000 r Provided,
That no judgment of said court for any sum exceed-
ing $5,000 shall be paid out of this appropriation
unless the same shall be specifically appropriated by
Congress. But this proviso shall not affect the right
of any party to appeal from a judgment rendered by
the Court of Claims to the Supreme Court of tho
United States.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend that clause
by striking out the proviso. If there is any
propriety in having this Court of Claims at all
there is very great impropriety in any such pro-
viso as this. The Court of Claims when it was
originally established was for some years pre-
cisely what the Committee on Appropriations
are undertaking to make it by this proviso, a
mere committee of Congress; because their
judgments were not final they could not be
paid until there was a special appropriation in
each case by a vote of Congress. After this
had continued for a considerable number of
years Congress provided, and very wisely pro-
vided in my judgment, that it should be a tri-
bunal to stand between the Government and
claimants against it as between man and man ;
that whoever had an honest and just clai;n
against the Government should go before this
tribunal and have it adjudicated in the same
manner and with the same effective intent and
purpose as if he had a claim against a private
citizen. If there is anything in which this Gov-
ernment has a right to glory it is that it pro-
vides an independent tribunal to stand between
claimants against the Government and the Gov-
ernment itself.
Now, the Committee on Appropriations do
not propose to abolish the Court of Claims.
They say the Court of Claims can be trusted,
and finally trusted, when there is only $5,000
involved; but when it gets above that why then
they must come to Congress and have the case
revised, substantially providing an appeal from
the Court of Claims to Congress whenever more
than five thousand dollars is pending. Now,
what propriety is there in this ? Why, it resolves
itself simply into this question: whether a
judicial investigation of a matter, where the
parties appear as litigants with counsel upon
both sides, with an opportunity to cross-exam-
ine witnesses, to have a judicial hearing and a
judicial decision, is more likely to produce a
just and righteous result than to try a private
claim with sucli means and appliances as we
have here. Now,-I have not any hesitation,
and I do not believe there is any one here who
has any hesitation, in saying that a judicial
investigation and judicial judgment is alto-
gether more likely to produce a just and right-
eous result than any means that we have of
ascertaining the truth in relation to any of
these claims.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the gentle-
man to say that the effect of this proviso is to
require that all judgments for over five thousand
