3X62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
now receives, he would earn S4 70 per week, or S3
cents more than the American carder earns. I have
made the same calculations for all the operatives
mentioned in the table of Mr. Hill, whioh follows:
United States, England, England,
66 hour* per 54 hours 66 hours per
week. per week, week.
Carders $4 37 13 85 $4 70 33*
Spinners, (men)  8 32 6 05 7 39 93
S pi liners, (women).. 3 91 2 73 3 34 57
Drawers  5 80 4 13 5 05 75"
Weavers  5 70 4 67 5 52 18'
"Thus yousee that the nominal wages of the Amer-
ican operative is not so much in the ease of the carder,
and but little less in the ease of the other operatives,
ns in England. And the English operative has greatly
the advantage of the American, in cheaper food,
clothing, and nearly everything else Vbich he con-
sumes. Taking the purchasing power of the wages
of that class of operatives in the two couatries, and
the English operative is much better paid than the
American for the same number of hours of labor.
" I do not know how it is with the other classes of
artisans and laborers whose wages the gentleman
from New Jersey[Mr. Hill] gives,not knowing how
many hours per day they work in the two countries.
But, I presume the difference would ba about the
same as in the case of the manufacturing operative.
The gentleman from New Jersoy [Mr. Hill] is. there-
fore, very much mistaken in the point which he
endeavors to maintain."
Mr. COX. If, therefore, tliere ia but little
or no difference in manufacturing wages at
home and abroad, 1 hope there will be a unan-
imous vote for my proposition. It seeks to strike
out the paragraph, and has been seconded by
the gentleman who is chairman of the Ways
and Means Committee.
Mr. CONGER. I withdraw my admendment
to the amendment.
Mr. BURCHARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The question recurred on Mr. Cox's motion,
to strike out the paragraph; and it was agreed to.
So the paragraph was struck out.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all screws of iron not otherwise provided for,
and on screws of any other metal than iron, 40 per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "40" and inserting in lieu thereof
"35 "
Mr. SCHENCK. I may state that there is
a very heavy duty on wood screws, perhaps
quite ss heavy as under any circumstances it
ought to be. They have been made heretofore
under patents. This paragraph, however, in-
cludes not what are commonly called wood
screws, but screws of iron not otherwise pro-
vided for, and puts the duty at 40 per cent, ad
valorem, instead of the present duty of 35 per
cent. On investigating the matter we were sat-
isfied that we would better protect the labor of
our own country without incurring any loss of
revenue, and might probably get an increase
of revenue by making this small addition to the
present duty. In readjusting the tariff and
making it a little fairer, though the general
tendency may be to decrease the rates, still
there may be cases like this in which a slight
increase may be fair to the parties interested
and an advantage to the revenue.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out " 35
percent." rfnd inserting in lieu thereof "25
per cent." The history of this wood screw
business is somewhat amusing. At the opening
of the war an honorable Senator from Rhode
Island, disregardful of all the events about him,
fixed upon the country the present wood-screw
tariff, remarking at the time that he rejoiced
at the absence of the southern men from the
Senate Chamber, because it enabled him to
carry a sufficiently high tariff on an article in
which he was interested. I hold in my hand
a memorandum of the rates of duty on the
leading sizes of iron wood-screws. It shows
that the duty on one-inch screws runs from 50
per cent, to 110 per cent, ad valorem; that the
duty on one and a quarter inch screws runs
from 70 per cent, to 110 per cent, ad valorem )
that the duty on one and a half inch screws
runs from 85 per cent, to 116 per cent, ad
valorem; that the duty on one and three quarter
•More.
tLess.
inch screws runs from 95 per cent, to 120
per cent, ad valorem; that the duty on two-
inch screws runs from 80 per cent, to 90 per
cent, ad valorem. The present tariff imposes
the following duties on iron wood-screws,
namely: 11 cents gold per pound on all sizes
up to one and three quarter inches; 8 cents
gold per pound on all sizes larger than one
and three quarter inches.
The following is tha table showing the ad
valorem rates on the different sizes, as calcu-
lated from the specific duties :
Memorandum of rates of duty on the following leading
sizes of iron wood-screws.
1 inch by 5,50 per cent.; 1 inch by 6. 55 per oent.;
1 inch by 7, 60 per cent.; 1 inch by 8, 70 per cent.; 1
inch by 9. 90 per cent; 1 inch by 10. SO per cent.; 1
inch by 11,100 per cent.; 1 inch by 12,110 per cent.
li inches by 7, 70 per cent.; 1} inches by 8, 80 per
cent.; li inches by 9, 90 per cent.; li inches by 10,100
per cent.; li inches by 11,103 per cent.; li inches by
12,110 per cent.; li inohes by 13,115 per cent.; li
inohes by 14, 110 per cent.
li inphes by 8, 85 per cent.; li inches by 9, 95 per
cent.; It inches by 10,100 per cent.; li inches by 11,
110 per cent.; li inches by 12,115 per cent.; li inches
by 13,115 per cent.; li inches by 14.115 per cent.
II inches by 9, 95 per cent.; li inches by 10, 100 per
cent.; li inches by 11,110 per cent.; li inches by 12,
115 per cent.; li inches by 13,115 per cent.; li inches
by 14,120 per cent.; li inches by 16, 120 per cent.
2 inches by 10, 80 per cent.; 2 inches by 11, 85 per
cent.; 2 inches by 12, 90 per cent.; 2 inches by 13, 90
per cent.; 2 inches by 14. 85 per cent.; 2 inches by. 16,
90 per cent.; 2 inches by 18, 90 per cent.
It is well known to be certainly the charac-
teristic of the Yankees, if not of the people of
our whole country—and for myself I am proud
of being a Yankee—that by their ingenuity and
skill and power they are able to turn everything
to their advantage; not only the water-falls, but
the muscles and minds of the great body of ,
the people of this country. The whole ma-
chinery of the United States continues to be
turned in New England. There is but one ;
screw manufacturing company of any sort in
this country; and this company have been
enabled so far, by the enormous tariff and by
their great wealth, to prevent the importation
of screws, and ! .ave bought off all competitors
as fast as they appeared. Their prices are
kept at a figure which will just prevent import-
ation. To maintain, therefore, that one estab-
lishment onr people have to pay for these arti-
cles just 100 per cent, more than they ought
to do. This 100 per cent, goes into the treasury
of a single over-wealthy concern, the Provi-
dence Screw Company. I desire the attention
of the House and of the country to this very
important fact, for there is no article more
generally used than screws, wood-screws and
screws of all kinds. I shall say nothing further,
for I might talk for an hour and not add any-
thing to the weight of what I have already said.
The question was put on the amendment of
Mr. Brooks of New York; and there were, on
adivision—ayes35, noes 50; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Brooks, of New
York, and Mr. Negley.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 46, noes 70.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to amend so as to
majie it 30 per cent.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Allison's
motion, to strike out " 40" and insert "35;"
and being put, there were—ayes 54, noes 42;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Allison and
Mr. Cessna were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 65, noes 54.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. That being just what the
tariff now is, I move to strike out the para-
graph, and also move that all debate on this
paragraph cease, or we shall have a long talk
about it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to offer
an amendment. I move to strike out the
words "not otherwise provided for." I do it
for the purpose of putting all classes of iron
screws on the same footing.
Mr. SCHENCK. What has become of my
motion to close debate?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposed
the gentleman yielded to his colleague.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I was overrun.
I do not yield.
The CHAIRMAN proceeded to put the
question on the motion to close debate; and
announced that it was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I call for a division.
Mr. CONGER. I have been trying to the
extent of my voice to raise a point of order on
that motion, and I desire when I address the
Chair to be heard.-
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. CONGER. My point of order is, that
the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] in the House to-day was
to the effect that when the House should next
go into Committee of the Whole the committee
should have power to stop debate by a majority
vote. My point of order is that that has ex-
hausted itself; that we have been in Committee
of the Whole; have risen on a call of the roll,
and come back into committee; and that the
resolution has exhausted itself.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
make a point of order. The Chair desires to
inform gentlemen that it is not their province
to rise to make points of order while he is
putting a question to the committee.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to make one sugges-
tion about that last remark, because it is per-
sonal to me. I submit it to the Chair, and I
submit it in the presence of all these gentlemen
around me, that I addressed the Chair before
the Chair attempted to put the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair had recog-
nized the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr, Schenck,]
and he could not recognize the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Conger] while he was putting
the question.
Mr. CONGER. I rose to a point of order
on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair now rules
that the point of order taken by the gentleman
from Michigan is not well taken. He calls the
attention of the gentleman from Michigan to
the resolution adopted by the House this morn-
ing, which provides that when the House shall
again be in Commitiee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the special order, the
tariff bill, "the committee shall have pow^r to
[ stop debate on any portion of the bill by the
vote of a majority," without an order of the
House. The order relates to any portion of
! the entire bill. The question now is on the
: motion to close debate on this paragraph, on
: which a division is demanded.
! The question was put; and there were—ayes
'■ seventy, noes not counted.
! So the motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
| Garfield, of Ohio, to strike out the words
'■ " not otherwise provided for;" and being put,
! there were—ayes 39, noes 40; no quorum
voting.
{ Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield, of
Ohio, and Mr. Kblsey were appointed.
I The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 64.
| So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on Mr. Schenck's
motion to strike out the paragraph ; and being
put, there were—ayes eighty, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On vessels of cast iron not otherwise provided for,
and on andirons, sadirons, tailors' and hatters iron'r
stoves, and stove plates of cast iron, li ccnts per
pound.
! Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out that
1 paragraph.
