260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
Ho. op Reps.
The Ta/rijf—Mr. Maynard.
41 si Cong....2d Sess.
against the home and in favor of the foreign
article.
Thegentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
and-the gentleman from Minnesota {Mr. Wil-
kinson] both grew facetious over 'the "expres-
sion "infant manufactures." : Now, if my
friend from Illinois knew as much about in-
fants as a gentleman of his age ought to know
he would know that infants are not simultane-
ous; they are consecutive. [Laughter.] There
are new enterprises constantly springing up in
all parts of our country. The old arid well-
established require no protection ; but not so
the new, whether in old branches of industry
or in some never before attempted in the coun-
try.- These require just the same consideration
that bur early manufactures did twenty-five and
fifty-years ago, and even more, being subjected
to a sharper competition.
But the ingenuity and skill of our country-
men have overcome all these obstacles except
the high price of labor. Hitherto this has been
relieved by the protection of the tariff, and it
will continue to be so relieved as long as labor
has votes and a representation in making our
laws; for in this country and under our Gov-
ernment labor will protect itself. The tariff,
therefore, performs the twofold office of pro-
tecting our labor and replenishing our exchequer
largely at the expense of rival nations.
Let me call attention to some figures bearing
on this point. Our Democratic friends have
great reason to recollect especially two periods
in the history of the country, the year 1840
and the year 1860. From a table prepared by
Mr. Commissioner Wells I find that in the year
1840 the duties were reduced to an average of
14^,; per cent, ad valorem. In 1860 they were
14^ per cent. Gentlemen have not forgotten
the cry in 1840, "Roast beef and $2adayl"
Nor the cry in 1860, "Free homes for the
homeless!" These were the outcries of labor
depressed and suffering for want of remunera-
tive occupation. The Democratic party hap-
pened to be in the ascendency. They had had
the control of legislation, and they were held
responsible for results. In 1840, as we know,
they were swept from power as with a whirl-
wind ; and in 1860 they were again with scarcely
less emphatic expression of popular opinion
sent into private life. The two periods of
lowest duties coincident with great depression
of the material and industrial interests of the
country are precisely the periods when the
laboring classes proved themselves invincible
at the ballot-box.
As my friend from Illinois referred yester-
day to the tariff of 1846 and the free-tr^,de views
of the late Robert J. Walker, Secretary of
the Treasury, I may be pardoned for giving a
r&um£ of our tariffs in connection with the
industrial history of the country.
The first tariff that was specially protective
was that of 1824, passed by southern and west-
ern influences as against northern aud eastern.
The gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkin-
son] read from the speech of Mr. Webster in
opposition to it. I refer to this tariff for the
purpose of reading from Mr. Clay's speech in
the Senate of February, 1832, showing the
effect of it upon the country. He said :
"If I were to select any term of seven years since
the.adoption of the present Constitution which ex-
hibited^ scene of the most wide-spread dismay and
desolation, it would be exactly that term of seven
years which immediately preceded the establishment
of the tariff of 1821."
And again:
"If the term of seven years were to be selected, of
the greatest prosperity which this people have en-
joyed since the establishment of their present Con-
stitution, it would be exactly that period of seven
years which immediately followed the passage ofthe
tariff of 1824."
Mr. Clay here is not putting an argument;
he is stating a fact; stating it in the Senate to
gentlemen as familiar with the history of the
country as himself, and ready to correct him
if they believed the statement unwarranted.
This was the era of nullification, whieh cnlmi-
nated in the great wrath of Andrew Jackson
and his famous threat to hang Mr. Cath6un.
Mr. Clay said, "I delight not in this perpetual
turmoil. Let us have peace and become once
more united as a band of brothers.'' (Speeches,
vol.i,p. S48.) So he consented next year to the
compromise tariff, by whieh the duties were to
be gradually reduced to 20 per cent, at the expir-
ation of nine years. He evidently mistrusted
the effect upon the industry of the land., I have
his speech before me, with its scarcely sup-
pressed forebodings, but will not occupy the
time of the committee in reading it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I heard the
speech myself. You can put it in your speech.
It upsets all that you say, and sets up all that
I said.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thegentleman from New
York evidently takes great satisfaction in the
recollection of his political antecedents and his
earlier political associations. Some of us, his
old associates of the noble Whig school, share
with him the grateful recollections, and regret
that political necessity or other cause should
have driven him like a planet wandering from
its orbit, or a star shot madly from its sphere.
Mr. Clay in his speech of 18B3 on the com-
promise tariff shows clearly, as any one may
see who will read it, that he had great misgiv-
ings as to its effect upon the trade and busi-
ness of the country. He lived to see the re-
sults in the disasters of 1837 and subsequent
years, and to attempt relief by the tariff act
of 1842. The elections of 1840 had swept the
anti-tariff Democracy from power and given
the country a Whig President and Congress
committed to protection. Mr. Clay, to relieve
the financial distress which had overspread
the land, set about devising a new tariff, in
accordance with the significant suggestions
thrown out in his speech of 1833. Assisting
him was, another gentleman whom of late years
it has not been the fashion to commend, Mil-
lard Fillmore, who, as chairman of the Corn-
mitteepf Ways and Means, and the Whig leader
of the House, reported and carried through the
tariff act of 1842, which passed and went into
effect on the 30th of August. The influence
of this act on the business of the country was
magical. Trade revived, labor once more found
profitable employment, and all classes of in-
dustry flourished. When the presidential elec-
tion of 1844 came on, the great State of Penn-
sylvania was carried by the cry of the protect-
ive tariff of 1842, and Mr. Polk was supported
in that State as a better protectionist than
Henry Clay, because of his celebrated Kane
letter, in which he was understood to favor
protection to everybody.
On the 30th of July, 1840, the tariff of 1842
was repealed, the repeal to take effect the 1st
of December following. Mr. Robert J. Walker
made the report from which the gentleman read
yesterday, extolling the effects of the repeal.
"Now, it must be borne in mind that the stim-
ulus to business by the act of 1842 did not cease
immediately with its repeal. It so happened,
moreover, that simultaneous with the t&riff of
1846 cameonthe Mexican war, which stimulated
prices. That was followed by the discovery of
gold in California, which gave business a still
greater impetus and kept us afloat. So we went
on till 1857, when we came down with a crash.
We were again prostrate. In that year I met my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] for the
first time on this floor—I a new member, while
he had sat in a former Congress; I in a lean
minority, he among the leaders of a command -
ing Democratic, majority; and after all the
prosperity of which he told us yesterday, our
very first aet was a loan bill for the ordinary
expenses of the Government, so low had the
revenue fallen under the tariff of 1857. Some
of the Treasury notes then issued are reported
as still outstanding.
So matters went on until 1860. Among the
events of that most eventful year, my friend,
the gentleman from Illinois, disappeared from
these Halls with the commanding Democratic
majority. I saw him no mote for several years
until he returned again at a more recent date,
I had hoped a, wiser though not a sadder man.
Now I admonish gentlemen, especially the
gentlemen on this side of the House, who are
responsible for the legislation of the country, to
beware how they tamper with these industrial
questions, for the interests of the great laboring
population of this country must override ail
party lines. The great bread and meat question
is the all-important question to them. -At the
moment when the duties are virtually reduced
by the fall in gold from 135 per cent, to 111 per
cent, almost one fourth for all purposes of pro-
tection,-it is proposed by my friend who sits
before me [Mr. Allison] to reduce the duties
still further by one fifth. I admonish him that
he. is taking a most perilous step; perilous not
only to himself individually and to those who
support him, but perilous to the party now
charged with the administration. The people
will understand"'it, and will not submit to it.
Their keen instincts will take the alarm. Labor,
ever alive to its own interests, will not be so-
phisticated, and in this country, where labor
and not capital takes precedence, woe betide
the men or the parties that fall under its ban!
Mr. ALLISON. I listened with interest to
the statement of the prosperity of the country
under the tariff of 1842. Now, if we prospered
in 1842 and in the years tliat followed the en-
actment of that tariff with an average rate of
duties of a little over 23 per cent., cannot we
now endure the small increase of one fifth upon
a tariff with an average rate of 45J per cent,
on everything imported into this country?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was 33 per
cent, under the tariff of 1842.
Mr. ALLISON. I have before me a state-
ment of the actual importations, showing an
average of 23 per cent, on importations under
the tariff of 1842.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In what year?
Mr. ALLISON. Bighteenhundred and forty-
three.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I hope the gentleman's time
will be extended. The same courtesy has been
extended to the other members of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
the gentleman's time will be extended. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I took my
figures from the report of the Special Com-
missioner of the Revenue for 1868. I did not
suppose my friend from Iowa would call in ques-
tion anything there to be found. The effect of
the tariff of 1842 was not fully developed during
that fiscal year ending June 30, 1843. I find
that the percentage of duties for 1844, when
the tariff really began to operate, was 26$, and
in 1845 it was 26^,- on the aggregate of import-
ations, free and dutiable.- But it will be recol-
lected, and to that I wish to call gentlemen's
attention, that in 1842 we wanted to raise only
some $30,000,000 or §40,000,000, and now
from $160,000,000 to §180,000,000. It must
be recollected that then we had practically no
public debt, no burdens on the country, and
now we have a public debt of $2,500,000,000
forming in one way or another an immense
burden upon the industry of the country, so
that we go into competition with foreign manu-
facturers carrying a very heavy weight as we
run.
a kevexce tariff.
Much has been said at one time and another
of a tariff for revenue and of adjusting duties to
a revenue standard, whatever that means. That
has always been conceded as a necessity, and
if our labor was protected, as an incident, the
most strenuous free-traders, until recently,
acquiesced. The exigencies of our country
