2218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done upon
a motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. If
the gentleman wishes to discuss this bill let it
go on the Private Calendar
Mr. WINANS. Can I not have the bill and
accompanying affidavits read for information
before the question is taken upon the motion
to lay the bill on the table ?
The SPEAKER. That can be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I have already
stated to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wi-
nans] that the testimony in this case was de-
ficient ; but I stated to him that if he had a
mind to do so he could bring in additional
testimony. When he asked me if additional
testimony could make out a good case, I told
him that I did not believe it could. But I will
withdraw the bill.
The bill was accordingly withdrawn.
james orutciiett and josbpe lameboux.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, also reported ad-
versely upon the claim of James Crutchett and
the claim of Joseph Lameroux for relief, and
moved that the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from their further consideration and
that they be laid on the table.
Themotionwasagreedto ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
samujbl birch.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, also reported ad-
versely upon the petition of Samuel Birch, of
Kansas, Illinois, for compensation for losses
resulting from acts of United States troops,
and moved that the Committee of Claims be
discharged from the further consideration of
the same and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and it was ordered
• accordingly.
henry wisldon.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, also reported ad-
versely upon the petition and claim of Henry
Weldon, late sutler to tho tenth and seven-
teenth regiments of United States infantry, ask-
ing compensation for loss of stores burned at
Gaines's Hill, Virginia, by order of General
George Sykes, and moved that the Committee
of Claims be discharged from its further con-
sideration and that the same be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
dwidllt 1'. hayes.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, also reported ad-
versely upon the petition of Dwight F. Hayes,
of Indiana, asking compensation from Con-
gress for cotton seized by the United States,
and moved that the Committee of Claims be
discharged from its further consideration and
that tho same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and it was ordered
accordingly.
frank h. marmo.
Mr. ELA reported back, from the Committee
of Claims, a bill (H. R. No. 718) for the relief
of Frank H. Marmo, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from its further consider-
ation and that it be referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. ELA, from the same committee, sub-
mitted adverse reports upon the claim of Na-
than Tarr for losses incurred in trade, and
the memorial of heirs of Alexander Watson
for compensation for damages done by Indians
in 1837; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
hull and cozzens naylor and company.
Mr. ELA also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it
pass, a bill (H. R. No, 089) for the relief of
Pull & Cozzens and John Naylor $ Co,
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and
settle the accounts of Hull & Cozzens, under
a contract with M. W. Izard, Governor of
Nebraska, dated November 28, 1855, and the
contracts of John Naylor & Co., under a simi-
lar contract dated February 25, 1856, for fur-,
nishing materials for the capitol buildings at
Omaha, and to pay Hull & Cozzens and Nay-
lor & Co., out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, any balance which
may be found due them under those contracts,
the amount not to exceed $3,500.
Mr. ELA. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELA moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
The latter motion was agreed to.
ii. i.awrence scott.
Mr. STILES, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it
pass, a bill (II. R. No. 798) for the relief of
II. Lawrence Scott, late agent for the sale of
internal revenue stamps in the thirteenth dis-
trict of Pennsylvania.
The bill, which was read, requires the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay to
H. Lawrence Scott, late agent for the sale of
internal revenue stamps in tho thirteenth con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania, $1,220 81
for that amount of stamps stolen from him and
since 'accounted for with the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue.
Mr. STILES. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. McGREW. I call for the reading of the
report.
The report was read. It states that by law
it was the duty of the claimant as collector of
internal revenue to keep on hand internal rev-
enue stamps for sale to the public within his
district, and to account to the Treasury of the
United States for the same ; that in pursuance
of this duty he had on the 1st of April, I860,
deposited in the safe of E. W. Conkling &Co.,
merchants of Danville, Montour country, Penn-
sylvania, internal revenue stamps to the value
of $1,229 81. On the night of the 3st of
April, 1800, the safe was broken up and robbed,
and the stamps, together with all other valuable
contents of the safe, stolen. The stamps were
accounted for and paid for in the settlement of
"the accounts of the collector with the Treas-
ury. It appeared to the committee on satis-
factory evidence that the place of deposit was
tho most secure for tho purpose that was ac-
cessible in tho town ; that every possible pre-
caution was taken by the collector, and that
the loss occui-red without negligence on his
part or on the part any of agent to whom the
stamps were intrusted. The committee, there-
fore, believed that ho ought to be relieved.
Mr. MERCUR. 1 have some knowledge of
tho circumstances of this case 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. The bill goes over till next Friday.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to go to the
business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on thespecial order,
being the tariff bill.
Mr. PACKARD and Mr. ELDRIDGE asked
unanimous consent to introduce bills for refer-
ence.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I must object, and call
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
taken on the motion to go into committee on
the special order.
Mr. INGERSOLL, If the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio be voted down, will not
then mine to go to the business upon the Speak-
er's table be in order'/
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; there will then
be none superior to it.
■ personal explanation.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not object if I can
know how much time the gentleman wants._
Mr. RANDALL. I only ask for five min-
utes.
There was no objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the Clerk to read
the letter I send up to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Philadelphia, March 24,1870.
Dear Sir: In the published remarks of Judge
Kelley ho says that his colleagues and predecessors
from Pennsylvania had sold cadet appointments
for from eight hundred to three thousand dollars
each, and subsequently excepts Hon. II. M. Phillips.
This insinuates that all others were engaged m this
infamous traffic, and I desire to see this corrected.
You can for mo deny this imputation in the fullest
1EVery'truly, WILLIAM E. LEHMAN,
lion. Samuel J. Randall.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Leh-
man was my immediate predecessor in the
Thirty-Seventh Congress and a colleague of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
ley. J It seems in the yesterday afternoon
Philadelphia papers Judge Kelley is repre-
sented to have alluded not only to his prede-
cessors, but to his "colleagues" upon this iloor,
in connection with the remarks he then made.
My recollection of what he stated does not
include the word " colleaguesand on refer-
ence to the Globe I find that he did not use
the word "colleagues." Therefore this gen-
tleman is not included. And 1 further gather
from reading the Globe that his criticism upon
his predecessors is confined to the fourth con-
gressional district. I am glad that restriction
is made for the honor of the State. Yet I can-
not believe that he is correct even in that par-
ticular, when 1 remember sueh men as Charles
Jared Ingersol, John Robbins, Iienry I).
Moore, the present collector of the port of
Philadelphia, and many others of like charac-
ter, who were his predecessors in the Congress
of the United States. I hope, therefore, my
distinguished friend from the fourth congres-
sional district will make some explanation as
to whom lie did refer, so that those whom he
did not mean, and whom it would be unjust to
characterize in the manner he did yesterday,
shall not be included in any animadversions
on his part.
Mr. KELLEY. My colleague has but done
me justice in saying that I did not include
"colleagues." Mr. Lehman was my colleague,
associate, and friend, and is as honorable a
man as 1 know. 1 spoke of my immediate dis-
trict, and I except all the gentlemen my col-
league has named as cheerfully as I do Mr.
Lehman. I never heard the breath of suspi-
cion attached to him. Yet, sir, 1 reaflirm that
I heard after my election and before my becom-
ing a member, as a matter of common rumor,
I of the sale of cadetships by some of my prede-
cessors. I heard it from persons who said they
had paid for them. When I spoke to one of
them about tho expense of living here, he
alluded to the fact that perquisites eke out the
small pay, and named cadetships as a perqui-
site. Testimony as to one of them is before
the committee, and there are gentlemen sitting
on that side of the House with letters in their
desks naming whom these other cadets were
appointed by.
Mr. RANDALL. Who are they?
Mr. KELLEY. Shall I, under such circum-
stances, name some of them?
Mr. RANDALL. I do not propose to rest
under any such imputation.
Mr. KELLEY. Shall I, under such circum
stances, out of deference to the character of
