1870..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1275
undertake to say, upon a careful examination
of this proviso, that it amounts simply to this,
sir that out of this appropriation of $100,000
no judgment whatever rendered in the Court of
Claims exceeding $5,000 shall be paid until
there shall be a special appropriation to pay it
by Congress; but the last words of that proviso
say and imply a limitation, and save, as the
committee think it important to do, the right
of appeal as it exists now under the law to
either party. It is an imputation not only
upon the Court of Claims, Dut upon the Su-
preme Court, in saying we will trust neither
one of theui under existing laws to pronounce
judgment and pay it out of this $100,000,
unless the case is less than $-5,000; and if you
take an appeal we will not trust you; but we
will revise the proceedings in order to see
whether the Supreme Court or the Court of
Claims did not tumble into some blunder.
I agree with the honorable gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] that it was a wise
thing for the Government of the United States
to establish this Court of Exchequer, and
changing these gentlemen from mere referees,
to make reports to this House, into a Court
of Exchequer between the claimants and the
nation. Having done so, I pray the House to
let it remain a court, and not revive the old
scramble that I saw before this tribunal was
established, which always resulted, in my
judgment, in giving strength to a claim, how-
ever fraudulent it was, in proportion to its
magnitude.
I will make one remark, Mr. Chairman, in
this connection in vindication of this court,
and in justification of making an appropria-
tion of $100,000 to meet whatever judgment
it may render and whatever judgment may be
sustained by the Supreme Court on appeal,
and that is that in my judgment in proportion
to the amount of claims presented there has
been a saving already to the Treasury, by rea-
son of the establishment of this tribunal, of
millions of dollars to the people of the United
States. I am ready for that investigation
whenever gentlemen choose to enter on it;
and I say it in vindication alike of the Court
of Claims and the Supreme Court, which has
appellate jurisdiction, and of the Attorney Gen-
eral, who has supervision over the claims in
behalf of the United States in the Court of
Claims, as well as in the Supreme Court of
the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blair
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order of the
House, had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the special order,
being House bill No. 974, making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented additional testimony in relation to polyg-
amy in Utah Territory ; which was ordered to ,
be printed. '
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the House now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Pending that motion the
Chair will lay before the House certain exec-
utive communications.
REVENUE FORMS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House books accompanying the re-
Port of the Commissioner of the Revenue to the
House of Representatives, dated January 31,
1870, in relation to new forms, &c.
Mr. DAWES. I think these have been fur-
nished in consequence of a resolution of the
Committee on Appropriations, and I move that
they be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting report of
the supervising architect of his Department in
relation to the erection of public buildings at
Erie, Pennsylvania; Raleigh, North Carolina;
Grand Rapids, Michigan, and other places;
which were referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
ALASKA FUR-SEAL FISHERIES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution
of the House, in relation to a report of the
special agent in Alaska upon the fur-seal fish-
eries in said Territory; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
TREASURY AGENTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to a res-
olution of the House dated February 2, 1870,
requesting him to furnish the House of Repre-
sentatives with the names of all special agents
and assistant special agents of the Treasury
Department on the rolls of the Department on
! the 4th day of March, 1869; the compensation,
mileage, and expenses paid to each since that
date ; also the names of such agents and as-
sistant agents appointed since March 4, 1869,
the amountofcompensation for salary, mileage,
and expenses paid to each, including office rent
| or other expenses incurred by the Department
for the use of such officers, when incurred, the
place where each officer is now stationed, and
| the several appropriations from which such
■ officers' compensation, mileage, or other ex-
penses on their account were and are severally
1 paid-
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revision of the Laws of the United
States, and ordered to be printed.
BARNES VS. ADAMS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House papers in the Kentucky
contested-election case of Barnes vs. Adams;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
PORT OF SHEBOYGAN, MICHIGAN.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in reply to a resolution
of the House, dated January 31,1870, request-
i ing him to transmit to this House a report of
, survey of the port of Sheboygan, in the State
| of Michigan, made by Colonel Cram and filed
in the War Department.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
MURDER OF AMERICAN CITIZENS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States:
To the House of Representative .*
In compliance with the resolution of the House of
Representatives,requesting me to furnish any inform-
ation which may have been received by the Gov-
ernment in relation to the recent assault upon and
reported murder of one or more American citizens
in Cuba, I communicate a report from the Secretary
of State, with the papers accompanying it. _
U. S. GRANT.
washington, February 11, 1870.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask for the reading of
the report. If American citizens are murdered
I think we ought to know the facts.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
! report.
! Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist on my motion
1 that the House do now adjourn.
I . Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. If the House adjourns on
tnis when will it come up again?
The SPEAKER. It will be the first thing
up in the morning as unfinished business, and
by that time it will be printed, if the order is
now given. The report embraces some five
pages of manuscript.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand, if the mes-
sage and report are referrred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed,
this would prevent any immediate action being
taken by the House. I would prefer that the
papers be reserved to be read to-morrow, and
then, if the House is so disposed, they may be
taken into immediate consideration instead of
being referred to a committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, with the con-
sent of the House, will withdraw the papers
till to-morrow morning.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Cobb, of North Carolina, for
one week.
And then, on motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE,
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PKTITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: A petition of citizens
of Buchanan county, Iowa, praying Congress
to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Farmersburg,
Iowa, for the same purpose.
By Mr. ARMSTRONG: A petition of citi-
zens of Fairfield Center, Lycoming county,
Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition from citizens of Oregon
Hill, Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, for the
same purpose.
Also, a petition from citizens of Muncy Sta-
tion, Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, for the
same purpose.
Also, a petition froifl citizens of Tivoli, Ly-
coming county, Pennsylvania, for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition from citizens of Colebrook,
township, Chester county, Pennsylvania, for
the same purpose.
Also, apetition from citizens of Port Matilda,
Centre county, Pennsylvania, for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition from citizens of Centre Mills,
Centre county, Pennsylvania, for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition from citizens of Philips-
burg, Centre county, Pennsylvania, for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition from citizens of Centre
county, Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition from citizens of Sylvania,
Potter county, Pennsylvania, for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition from citizens of Ellisburg,
Potter county, Pennsylvania, for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition from citizens of Wistar,
Potter county, Pennsylvania, for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition from citizens of Hammond
Creek, Potter county, Pennsylvania, for the
same purpose.
Also, a petition from citizens ot lay lor
township, Potter county, Pennsylvania, for the
same purpose. ,
Mr. ASPER: The petition of Arthur Brock
and 52 others, citizens of Owasco and vicinity,
Sullivan county, Missouri, asking the aDolition
of the franking privilege. _
Also, a petition of 45 citizens of Missouri,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition of H. 0.
Warner and 40 others, citizens of New Milford,
Litchfield county, Connecticut, praying Con-
