1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2219
others, walk under an odium which no act of
mine ever invited?
Mr. WOODWARD. I will respond to the
gentleman's allusion to this side of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should like to inquire"
how much more there is to bo of this matter?
I only yielded for a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. It all proceeds by unani-
mous consent?
Mr. WOODWARD. It may be remembered
that on the morning when the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Sloctjm] moved his resolution
of inquiry, I was the first member of this House
to rise and second it and to urge the propriety
of going into the investigation. I made a few
observations, and alluded to a case which had
been mentioned to me by a lady in my district.
These went into the Globe, and I suppose in
consequence of that—I know of no other rea-
son—1 was immediately in receipt of letters
from the city of Philadelphia alluding to the
subjects which havejust now been referred to.
I supposed it to be my duty to lay those letters
before the committee, and as the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Slocum] had moved the
resolution under which the investigation was
undertaken by the committee, I handed the
letters to that gentleman as fast as they came.
He told me that ho had made such extracts
from them as he needed and handed them back
to me, and they are now in my desk, and 1 can
produce th-em if necessary.
I will say in reference to my friend, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] that
he was expressly charged in two of these let-
ters. The name of a widow lady was given
whoso son he was charged with putting in at
West Point at an expense of $2,000. 1 gave
that to the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Logan.] I have since ltiarned—and lam en-
tirely satisfied with the explanation—that the
charge was substantially true in regard to that
gentleman's immediate predecessor, who did
make an appointment for pecuniary consider-
ations, some eight days before the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] came into
office as the Representative of his district. My
informanttherefore madetho mistake of charg
nig upon Judge Kelley an imputation which
should have been charged upon his immedi-
ate predecessor, and that, I suppose, is what
is now alluded to, and was alluded to yester-
day, in regard to that gentleman's immediate
predecessor. My own opinion is that it would
be proper to complete this record by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] naming
his immediate predecessor.
Mr. KELLEY. I named him yesterday. 1
see his name in the papers.
Mr. WOODWARD. Name him again.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say a few words,^
and ask my colleague on the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] to yield to
me for that purpose. I desire to say that
I am grateful to my colleague from Pennsyl-
vania for the course he has proposed. There
is nothing of which I have more reason to be
proud in my congressional life than my admin-
istration of the function of appointing to these
cadetships. There are four soldiers' orpkaus
being educated by the Government, or who
have been educated by it, on my nomination,
one of whom was the companion and champion
of my own dear little fellow in school, and whom
I loved as I did my own. There is the story
of my appointments. But after my election,
months after my election, or before I had
become a member—I was elected in October,
1860, and became a member in fall on the 4th
of March, taking my seat on the 4th of July—
between October and March, there was a
notorious sale of a cadetship in my district, and
1 found the people holding me responsible.
As a member of Congress from October to
March they ascribed it to me. The man who I
believe sold that cadetship—so it was rumored,
•ind 1 belill'e truly—was the same man who
begged my colleague from Pennsylvania [Mr.
ovodeJ to confer an appointment upon a
pvottgd, and huckstered the appointment in
the streets of Philadelphia, finally selling it for
551,000, and swearing, I am informed, to the
committee that he put the $1,000 in his pocket.
He thought ho gave the agent §200, but the
agent said positively he did not. So he
betrayed his friend, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Covode,] and was guilty of an
act which might have branded that gentleman
with infamy, cheated his agent, and pocketed
the $1,000. His name was Millward.
message from till! president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his Sec-
retaries, announced that he had approved and
signed bills and a joint resolution of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1138) amendatory of the
charter of the Mutual Fire Insurance Company
of the District of Columbia ;
An act (H. R. No. 1489) to enable John
Thompson, executor of Thomas Thompson,
deceased, to make application for the exten-
sion of letters-patent for an improved machine
for folding papers;
An act (II. R. No. 1490) for the relief of
William Mont, Storm; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 151) in relation
to the construction of the Rock Island bridge.
order of business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw my objec-
tion to the request of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Packard] and that of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Ei,munGnj to
have unanimous consent to take bills from the
Speaker's table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the regular order.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I think it would bo
better to go regularly to the business on the
Speaker's table and give everybody an equal
chance.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 'That is what 1 think.
The SPEAKER. Should the House refuse
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union the motion to go to business on
the Speaker's table will then bo in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Soiiexcic's
motion, that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and there wore—ayes 78, noes 51.
So tho motion was agreed to.
tariff bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of tho
Union, (Mr. Wiikeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (II. 11. No. 1008) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
lor other purposes, upon which Mr. Allison
was entitled to tho floor.
Mr. ALLISON resumed and concluded his
remarks begu.ii yesterday. Tho entire speech
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. KELLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. As my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Allison] who has just closcd
his remarks was not required to speak under
the limitation of tho hour rule, I hope the same
courtesy will be extended to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] also a mem-
ber of the committee, who is about to follow
him. I ask unanimous consent to that under-
standing.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no objec-
tion, that order will be made.
Mr. KELLEY addressed the committee.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I desire to make a cor-
rection of some statements which have been
made with reference to the subject of steel.
I did not desire to interrupt the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] while he was
making his remarks, although I desired to make
a correction of some of his statements. It is
claimed by him that Pennsylvania, or to Penn-
sylvania, is due the credit for first employing its
capital in producing steel in this country. I do
not desire to take from the capitalists of Penn-
sylvania anything that is due to them. A very
oreat deal is due to the capitalists of Pennsyl-
vania in working iron and steel; but the credit
of employing the first capital in the manufac-
ture of steel and bringing Americans up to such
a point that they were successful enough to
make it in this country is not due to Pennsyl-
vania, but is due to the district I have the honor
to represent in the little State of New Jersey.
Mr. MYERS. I understand the gentleman
to stand shoulder to shoulder with us in favor
of protection.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The gentleman will
take his own ground when he gets an oppor-
tunity to do so. I desire to say while those
works established in that district were not
entirely successful, they have continued up to
the present time. While they were not as suc-
cessful as could be desired they are as success-
ful as any concern in Pennsylvania. Other
establishments have been made in that district,
and that district to-day is foremost in the steel
trade, notwithstanding the claims put forth by
the State of Pennsylvania.
1 wish to make one more remark, and that
on the subject of palm oil, which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] tells us
comes from India. It does; but in my district
we are commencing to manufacture that palm-
oil. It is the only place in the United States
where they have attempted it, and I will ask
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to
place the palm-nut kernels from which that oil
is extracted, as being raw material not hereto-
fore used in this country and not classified in
the tariff except as edible nuts, on which tho
tariff is almost prohibitory—I say that I shall
ask the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of
tho Committee of Ways and Means, at the
proper time to place the palm-nut kernel, from
which tho palm-nut oil is extracted, upon the
free list.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not intend to make
any speech on this subject, but merely to reply
to one observation made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.] I under-
stood him to claim that California was indebted
to Pennsylvania and to Pennsylvania miners for
the development of its mineral wealth and tho
great success which mining has attained in that
State. 1 wish to do justice to the lead miners
of Illinois and Wisconsin and the gold miners
of Georgia; for they were the best miners who
came to our State originally, and to them, and
not to Pennsylvania, are we indebted for the
capacity of our people in developing our mining
wealth.
Mr. KELLEY. I did not claim exclusive
credit for Pennsylvania, but I remember Wil-
liam J. Lewis and half a dozen other engi-
neers, who took gangs of men with them and
went scientifically to work in the first year of
the gold excitement in California.
Air. SCHENCK. Before moving that tho
committee rise—and I shall not ask for a ses-
sion to-night, as the discussion has run on so
late—I givo notice that I shall ask by unan-
imous consent that to-morrow shall be devoted
to debate on the tariff bill. I do it under the in-
structions of the committee, and from a sense
of public duty I shall also have to try on Mon-
day to close this general debate. I now move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (II. R. No.
1068) to_ amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. McKee for ten days, to Mr.
Strong for one week, and to Mr, MirsoEV for
one 4ay,
