1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3163
Mr. GRISWOLD. Before the question is J
taken oa striking out the paragraph I move to -
amend it bjr striking out the words '• and three
fourths." 1 offer that amendment for this rea-
son : if you strike out the paragraph you leave
the duty as it now is. and I understand that that
duty is a great deal too high. By reference
to the amount of importations as given by the
Treasury returns it will be seen that of the arti-
cles embraced in the pending paragraph, and
also of the articles embraced in a following
paragraph relating to cast-iron steam, gas, and
water pipe, the whole amount imported during
1S6T was only about $87,000. This article is
made in England of the very poorest kind of
iron, the very poorest kiud of cast iron that
stoves, Ac., are made of, the present duty upon
whicVl believe, is 1$ cents per pound, and is
the same with cast-iron steam, gas, and water
pipe under another paragraph.
ItareA communication upon this subject of
iron Iteam, gas, and water pipes which I
to fiavte read by the Clerk ; but before that
is done I wish first to call attention to the fact
that by this bill the duty upon cast-iron steam,
gas, and water pipe is fixed at the same rate
as 'he duty in the paragraph under considera-
tion, and I suppose what is stated in the com-
uninication which I now ask to have read will
apply to the pending paragraph as well as to
the one to which it more directly relates.
The Clerk began the reading of the com-
munication, when
Mr. SCHENCK Baid: I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. SCH ENCK. My point of order is, that
any discussion in relation to steam, gas, or
water pipes is not now in order, that para-
graph not being tinder consideration.
Tbe CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GRISWOLD. The duty on the two
articles is tbe same, and the first cost is sub-
stantially the same.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
strikeout the paragraph in relation to cast-iron
steam, gas, and water pipes when it shall have
been reached. Until then it is not in order for
either the gentleman or myself to discnss it.
Mr. GRISWOLD. The reason why I claim
this communication to be pertinent is that the
paragraph under consideration relates to " ves-
sels of cast iron," made of precisely the same
material as the gas and water pipes referred to
in the communication. The original C03t is
about $80 per ton, or a little over 1J cents per
potted. Iherefore what is said in regard to
the one is equally applicable to the other.
However, I do not wish unnecessarily to take
up the time of the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will save time if I in-
form the gentleman that I have been instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to move
to strike out all the paragraphs succeeding
and including the one now under considera-
tion until the paragraphs relating to steel are
reached.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Striking out this para-
graph will not answer the object I have in
view. The duty upon this article is now sub-
stantially prohibitory. Evefybody knows what
a large amount is used in this country, yet only
about $87,000 worth was imported during the
last year.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to close debate
on the pending paragraph and the three suc-
Tbe CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must
make the motion to step debate oa each para-
fraph as it is reached.
Mr, SCHENCK. I move, then, to termin-
ate all debate on tbe pending paragraph.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that will
Dot be done.
Mr. CESSNA. I hope it will be.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Well, the gen-
tleman has expressed his hope, and J have
expressed mine. I
The question was then taken upon the mo- j
tion to close debate: and upon a division there
were—ayes 68, noes 80; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Morrei.l,
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Griswold were
appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayea seventy-five,
noes not counted.
So the motion to close debate was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the committee will
now rise, as it is already five o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose I may as well
move that the committee now rise. But I
should like to inform the country that whether
the motion is to insert a paragraph in this bill
or to strike one out the same sort of opposi-
tion is made.
The motion that the committee rise was then
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker havingresumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, according to the order
of the House, had had under consideration the
state of the Union generally, and particularly
the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing
laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
LAWS O? WYOMING.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table for action at
this time Senate bill No. 616, in relation to
certain laws of the Territory of Wyoming.
Mr. BIRD. I object.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the rules be
suspended for that purpose.
The motion to suspend the rule3 was not
agreed to; two thirds not voting in the affirm -
Mr. CULLOM. I think that if the House
would consent to hear a brief statement there
would be no objection to taking up the bill.
Mr. WARD. I shall object unless the other
side can be heard. There are two sides to this
question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If there are two sides to
the question I shall insist on the regular order.
BBIDGE ACROSS MISSOURI KIVKtt.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous consent to
have reported from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands for consideration at this time House
bill No. 1227, to authorize the construction of
a bridge across the Missouri river. The bill
has been considered by the Committee on the
Public Lands, and agreed to by that committee.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I object.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled joint reso-
lutions and bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 8-5) for the relief
of Helen Lincoln and Heloise Lincoln, and-
for the withholding of moneys from tribes of
Indians holding American captives ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 146) for the return
of evidence of honorable discharge to officers ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 156) authorizing
the sale of certain land at Springfield, Massa-
chusetts, and for other purposes;
Joint resolution (H. R. No, 215) authorizing
the supply of arms for instruction and practice
to certain colleges and universities;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 245) making an
appropriation to defray the expenses of the
Committee on Education and Labor incurred
in pursuance of investigations ordered by the
House of Representatives;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 271) making
an appropriation for the purpose of making
experiments in the ventilation of the Halls of
the Capitol;
An act (II. R. No. 268) for the relief of
Captain George E. Greshain, of Tennessee ;
An act (H. R. No. 840) amendatory of the
organic law of Colorado Territory, and for
other purposes;
An act (H. li. No. 897) to incorporate the
Washington and Boston Steamship Company ;
An act (H. R. No. 1413) for tho relief of
Sophia A. Moen;
An act (H. R. No. 1427) to provide for
the creation of corporations in the District of
Columbia by general law ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1635) to authorize the
corporate authorities of the city of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, to pave ami
improve the streets thereof.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee hail
examined and found truly enrolled joint res-
olutions and bills of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 23) for setting
apart a portion of Fort Snelling military res-
ervation for a permanent military post, and
the settlement of all claims in relation thereto ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 78) relative to tho
establishment of a light station on the Chop-
tank river, in Maryland;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 84) authorizing
the President to strike from the rolls of the
Army the names of certain officers ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) for the relief
of certain officers of volunteers ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 128) authorizing
the issue of clothing to certain enlisted men ot"
the fourteenth regiment of infantry ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 141) to provide
for survey and estimates of cost of removing
obstructions from the Bayou Teche, in the
State of Louisiana;
Joint resolution (S. It. No. 159) authorizing
the Paymaster General to prescribe an earlier
time for the execution of contracts by accepted
bidders, and for other purposes;
Joint resolution (S. It. No. 165) extending
the time for the completion of the first sec-
I tion of twenty miles of the Cairo and Fulton
railroad ;
An act (S. No. 93) legalizing certain dona-
tions of agricultural college scrip therein des-
ignated ;
! An act (S. No. 483) to authorize the officers
| of the Treasury Department to enter a credit
[ upon the account of Henry Etting, paymaster
in the N«vy ;
I An act (S. No. 527) for the relief of William
! F. Scott, late adjutant fourth Iowa cavalry
' volunteers;
An act (S. No. 579) to create additional
land districts in the Territory of Dakota, to be
called the Springfield and Pembina districts ;
An act (S. No. 580) to fix the point of junc
tion of the Union Pacific Railroad Company
and the Central Pacific Railroad Company ;
An act (S. No. 684) to change tbi time for
holding the circuit and district, courts of tho
United States for the district of Wisconsin ;
An act (S. No. 746) authorizing the First
National Bank of Delhi, New York, to change
its location ; and
An act (S. No. 774) to authorize the Bur-
lington and Alissouri River Railroad Company
or its assigns to change an established line of
; said road in the State of Nebraska.
| WJTHDKAWAL OF PAl'KHS.
( Mr. RfCE obtained leave to withdraw from
the files of the House papers in the case of
Johii B. Bland, of Louisville, Kentuckv.
And then, on motion of Mr. RANDALL,
(at five o'clock and five minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
j PETITIONS, ETC.
'i The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AYEIt: The petition of Edwin
i, Eunis, for compensation tor cransportiuj; the
