1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5051
Vassar College; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third tune.
The bill was read. It provides thai upon
the devises and bequests made to Vassar Col-
lege by the last will and testament of Matthew
Vassar, deceased, of Poughkeepsie, Dutchess
county, in the State of New York, bearing
date the 3d day of February, 1868, there shall
neither be assessed nor collected any tax, as
for a legacy or succession ; and the same, if
already assessed, shall be, and is hereby, remit-
ted and released.
Mr. PAINE. Is this recommended by the
Committee of Ways and Means?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will make a brief state-
ment in explanation of the bill. This matter
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means some time since, and has been exam-
ined by that committee. Matthew Vassar, a
citizen of the State of New York, founded a
female college, known by his name, and made
large bequests in its favor, and when he died
his last will and testament made Vassar Col-
lege his residuary legatee. Application was
made that the United States should not assess
upon that the legacy and succession tax. That
matter was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means for consideration, and they have
instructed me td report this bill, upon which
I now demand the previous question.
Mr. PAINE. Before that motion is made
I wish to make a statement to the House. In
the district which I represent a citizen made a
legacy of a large sum of money for the benefit
of orphans of soldiers. I presented exactly
such a bill as this to the Committee of Ways
and Means in the last Congress, and requested
that the legacy and succession tax might be
remitted on that legacy, because it was for the
orphans of soldiers alone, and the committee
utterly refused to recommend any such bill.
Now, I want to know what is the reason, for
the gentleman from Tennessee was on the
committee at the time, that in a case of this
kind, which is not a legacy for the benefit of
orphans, they report a -bill unanimously, while
they failed to report a bill in the case to which
I have referred ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not say it was a
unanimous report; I said that the committee
had instructed me to report the bill, and I will
state the reason if it is desired. It i3 well
known that until since the incoming of the
present Administration our revenues had been
inadequate to the wants of the Government;
but, for reasons which it is not now necessary
to speak of, our revenues have largely increased,
and it is now the policy of the Government to
reduce taxation, and to reduce it upon those
things'wliich, in the opinion of Congress, seem
to be most meritorious, or least deserving the
imposition of taxation. We have done what
we certainly should not have done in the last
Congress, in recommending the remission of
taxes on a great many things on which we then
thought it necessary to continue the taxes, as
is seen in the tax bill reported by the com-
lniitee, which has just passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is a college or pub-
lic library in my district, known as the Lewis
library, that is precisely similarly situated to
this. I ask the gentleman if he will not per-
mit an amendment to include that institution?
Mr. MAYNAItD. I should be unwilling to
allow any amendment to be made; but I prom-
ise the gentleman that if be will bring his case
before the committee it shall have fair consid-
eration.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Commissioner of
Internal Revenue has recommended the sus-
pension of the collection of the taxes in the
casu to which I refer, so as to give Congress
time to act on that case.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
bring the matter forward as a separate measure,
as one member of the Committee of Ways and
Means 1 promise him that I will give it attention.
Mr. PAINE. I should like to have the gen-
tleman accept an amendment exempting from
taxation that legacy in my district for the ben-
efit of an orphan asylum. I certainly have no
objection to this bill; but I think I have been
unfairly treated in this matter, having been dis-
missed Ixy the committee so unceremoniously.
Mr. MAYNARD. Was not that in the last
Congress?
Mr. PAINE. It was in the last Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have explained the
reasons why we thought it, necessary to impose
taxes in the last Congress which we should
not insist upon now. 1 am not authorized to
accept amendments, and I must demand the
previous question.
Mr. CULLOM. Why does not the gentle-
man report a general bill exempting all this
sort of things from taxation?
Mr. MAY'NARD. That would be a matter
requiring consideration. I prefer, and I think
the committee will prefer,that each caseshould
be presented on its merits.
Mr. CCJLLOM. If the previous question be
not sustained, will it be in order to move to refer
this bill back to the committee, with instruc-
tions to report a general bill on the subject?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I trust that will be done.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. I hope no objection will
be raised to passing this bill. This is a small
institution, the only one of its kind, founded
by a Mr. Vassar, to allow females to obtain a
classical education. Iam not aware that there
is any similar institution in the country.
Mr. DAWES. My friend does himself great
injustice in saying that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I can tell the gentleman
that there is one in my district.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have no feeling about
this matter, and 1 am sure the committee have
none ; but they think that this case had better
rest upon its own merits. I ask the previous
question.
The question was then taken on seconding
the call for the previous question, and upon a
division, there wore—ayes 3G, noes 45 ; no quo-
rum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Maynardand
Mr. Benjamin were appointed.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. If the previous question shall not
be seconded, will it be competent for the House
to recommit this bill to the Committee of Ways
and Means with instructions to report a general
bill to cover all similar cases?
The SPEAKER. It would be competent
for the House to recommitthe bill with instruc-
tions to that effect.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes sixty-seven,
noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider belaid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLONEL JAMES DISLGEK.
Mr, ASP1311, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom had been referred the
petition of James Belger, to be restored to the
Army, reported the same back, accompanied
by a report in writing, together with the follow-
ing resolution:
llmolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged from the further consideration of the
petition ot James Belger, asking restoration to the
Army, and that the same do He upon the table, and
that tins leport be piiuteu.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. ASI'ER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER FOURTH OP JULY.
Mr. STILES. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that when the House adjourns to-day
it be to meet on Tuesday next. j
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
make his motion apply to to-morrow.
Mr. STILES. Very well. I move that when
the House shall adjourn to-morrow it be to
meet on Tuesday next at eleven o'clock a. in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STILES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALAMEDA KOAD, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table the
bill of the Senate No. 602, to grant the right
of way for the Alameda road through certain
lauds in California.
Mr. RANDALL. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the portion of the tract of land situ-
ated in the county of Santa Clara, and State of
California, lying between the liancho Potrero
de Santa Claraand the Rancho de Los Coches,
which is occupied by Santa Clara street, accord-
ing to the map of the city of San Jos6, and the
street intersecting Santa Clara street, is hereby
granted to said city for the purpose of streets;
and that the parcels of said tract of land lying
between said ranchos which are included within
the corporate limits of said city, and not occu-
pied as streets, are hereby "granted to the
respective persons in possession thereof, by
themselves or their tenants.
The second section provides that the right
of way through that portion of the tract of
land lying between the said ranchos, which is
situated without the corporate limits of the
said city of San Jos6 is hereby granted to the
said county of Santa Clara, for public use, for
the highways, roads, and side-walks, running
along, upon, or across the said tract of land ;
and authority is hereby granted to the board
of supervisors of said county to regulate and
determine the number, position, width, and
grade of such highways, roads, and side-walks.
The third section provides that the'said tract
of land in the second section mentioned, sub-
ject to the right of way as therein granted, is
hereby granted to the several persons, whether
natural or artificial, owning the adjoining lands,
the parcel hereby granted to each person being
the parcel lying between his or its lands, and
a line running through the middle of said tract
of land.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is this bill before the
House for consideration at this time?
The SPEAKER. This bill was laid aside
by a single objection the other day, when the
House was consideiing the business on the
Speaker's table. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargext] asks unanimous consent
that the bill be now taken from the Speaker's
table and passed at this time.
Mr. SARGENT. This bill does not relate
to any railroad, and does not propose to make
a land grant. The road referred to is an old
road three or four miles long, built about one
hundred years ago by the old padres or Cath-
olic fathers of the mission of San Jos6. It is
set out on both sides with beautiful shade-trees,
and is, probably, the handsomest drive of its
length in the world. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] says he hasseen it, and indorses
rny statement. It is the connecting link be-<
tween two thriving towns, San Jos6 and Santa.-'
Clara, about fifty miles from San Francisco,
and located in one of the loveliest and most
fertile valleys in the State.
As the facts come to me, on each side of this
road there is a strip of land some thirty feet in
width which was overlooked by some means
when the original grant for the purpose of the
