1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Vcrdigris, or subaoetate of copper.
Wood ashes, and lye of, and boot-root ashes.
Woods, namely, poplar or other woods for tho
manufacture of paper.
Worm seed, Levant.
Xylonite.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this section.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has called the previous question on the section.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the previous question is
voted down will it be in order to add to the
free list, tea, coffee, salt, and coal?
The SPEAKER. If the House should not
sustain the previous question, of course the
section would be open to debate and amend-
ment. The gentleman from Indiana knows
that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a parliamentary inquiry. If the previous
question is not seconded on this free list, will
the section be opfn to amendment by adding
coal and salt?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
answered that inquiry.
Mr. COX. I rise to make a parliamentary
inquiry, to reach the point which I think my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Holman] had in
view. I would inquire whether, if the previous
question be voted down on this section, tea,
coffee, and sugar being already in the bill, we
can afterward put them in the free list?
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
argument, which the Chair does not desire to
indulge in with gentlemen on the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest, to
the gentlemen who speak of voting down the
previous question that we sustain the previous
question as to the sections, and then vote H
down on the whole bill, when it would be in
order to amend the bill by moving additional
sections. I would inquire whether this would
not be in order?
The SPEAKER. All this is in the nature
of debate, and the Chair declines to entertain
the inquiry.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. If the previous question
should be voted down, and the amendment in-
dicated by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] should be offered, would it be in order
for me to call for a division of that amendment,
so as to have separate votes upon those four
articles ?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The Chair
would have no hesitation in answering that
question. ,
On seconding the previous question there
were, on a division—ayes 108, noes 86.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Holman were appointed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose it would not be
in order for me to say that to-morrow, or at the
earliest possible time, the Committee of Ways
and Means, according to the instructions ot the
House, will report a bill to make coal free, to
which we will expect to allow amendments to
be offered.
The tellers took their places.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 102, noes 40.
So the previousquestion was seconded ana me
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move to amend by
adding the following additional section, oil
which I move the previous question :
grc _ And he it further enacted, That soction fif-
teen of the act approved July U 180:, and section
four of the act in amendment thereof, appioved
M.neh S, 18(35, be, and the same arehercby.soamend-
ed that, no ship, vessel, steamer. l)<iat, baifet^ oi lUl,
belonging to any citizen of the United Male;-, ti'id-
ing and arriving from ,t port ol the United ..
although touching or stopping at a foreign port on
the voyage, or trading from one port or point within
the United States to another port or point within
tho United States, or employed in tho bank, whale,
or other fisheries, shall hereafter be subject to the
tonnage tax or duty provided for in said acts ; and
the proviso in section one hundred and three of
the act "to provide internal revenue to supportthe
Government, and to pay interest on tho public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June 30, 1804,
requiring an annual special tax to bo paid by boats,
barges, and flats, is hereby repealed.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by add-
ing the following additional section, on which
I move the previous question:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That all goods,
wares, and merchandise which may be in the public
stores or bonded warehouses on tho day andyear this
act shall tako effect shall bo subjected to no other
duty upon the -entry thereof for consumption than
if the same were imported respectively alter that
day.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to
inquire of the gentleman from Ohio if this is
meant to apply to the internal revenue bill as
well as the external revenue bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. It applies to imported
goods. I will modify the amendment by insert-
ing the word "imported" before the word
"goods" in the first line.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not
know if I ought to allow that to go in or not.
There is already so much bad English in the
bill that it is no credit to the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have to do these
things in a hurry, as we meet with so much
opposition.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment, as modified, was
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now call the previous
question on the bill, as amended.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. The
bill having been considered as in Committee
of the Whole, should be subject to amendment
after it has been gone through by sections.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been con-
sidered as in Committee of the WholS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would inquire
whether, if the previous question should not be
seconded, it would be in order to move addi-
tional sections to the bill, reducing the duty on
salt and coal?
Mr. COX. And on tea, coffee, and sugar?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
given an answer to those questions.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 80, noes 49.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. IIolman,
and Mr. "VTashbuus of Massachusetts, were
appointed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
is there any way of getting a record of those
who pass between the tellers, so that we may
know who are against a farther reduction ot
duties? , ,
The SPEAKER. There is none under the
rules. The tellers will take their places.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 105, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded. _
The main question was then ordered, being
upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move to amend
the title of the bill? I can give you a very
handsome title.
The SPEAK Ell. Not at this stage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is the bill
engrossed. I would like to hear it read.
The SPEAKER. It is engrossed.
The engrossed bill was then read the third
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 153, nays 35, not voting
42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Ames.
Armstrong, Arnell, Atwood, Axtcll. Ayer, Bailey,
Banks, Bcaman, Beatty, Benjamin,Bennett, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Boles. Booker, Bowci), Boyd. (Jeorgo
M. Brooks, Buck, Buffinton, Burehard, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William
T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn. Cook,
Conger, Covode, Cowles, Crebs, Cullom, Dawes, Dege-
ner, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Earnsworth,
Eeiriss, Einkeluburg, Fisher, Eiteh, faarholrl, Gil-
iillan. Hale. Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawtcy,
Hay, Hill. Hoar,Hooper, Hotchkiss,Ingersoll, Judd.
Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham. Knapp, Knott, Laum,
Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Xjogan, Loughridge, Lynch,
Movnard, McCarthy, McCormick, McCrary, MoL.cc,
McKenzie,Mercur,Millies,Eliakim H.Moore, Jesse
1L. Moore, William Mooro,Morphia,Daniel J.Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill. Myers. Negley,Ncwsham,0 Neill,
Orth, Packard. 1'ackcr, Paine, Peck, Perce, Peters,
Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy.Prosser, Bioc, Rogers,
ltoots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Sclienck. Seofield,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthmston C. Smith, William
          . , , ipse
Horn,""V«n *WVcki"Ward, William B. Washburn,
Wolkor, Wells, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson. WU-
lard. Williams, John X. Wilson, Winans, Witcher,
anil Woodward—153. .
MAYS—Messrs. Bird, JamesBroous,Burr, Conner,
Cox, Dox, Eldridge, Pox, Getz, (xriswold, llaight,
llaldeman, Uamill, Ha,ys, Hefiin, Holman, Johnson,
ICerr, Mayham, MeNcoly, Morgan, Morrissey, Nib-
lack, Potter, llandai!. Reeves, Ridgway, Sherrod,
Sloeuin, Stiles, Stone, Swann, Tan Trump, Win-
chester, and Wood—35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Asper, Bnrnuro,
Barry, Beck. Biggs, Buckley, Benjamin 1. Butler,
Calkin, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Davis, Dieltin-
son, Dixon, Doekery, Perry, Gibson, Ilambloton,
lleaton, llogo, Jenekes, Alexander H. Jones, Ibomas
L. Jones, Julian, Kelsey, Marshall, McGrew Mun-
gen, Palmer, Porter, Schuuiaker, Shanks, fahober,
Joseph S. Smith, Stevens, Strador, Sweeney, Van
Auken, Voorhees, Wallaco, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, and Eugene M. Wilson—42.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PR0SSER said: I have been paired
upon former votes on this question with the
gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Aspeu. I am
authorized to say that if here he would vote
" ay," and I therefore vote " ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above.
By unanimous consent leave was granted
to Mr. BURR, Mr. MARSHALL, and Mr.
WINANS to print speeches on the bill. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which tho bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message FltOJI TUB senate
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gokuam,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 203) to estab-
lish certain postroutes in the State of Alabama,
and for other purposes.
The message lurther announced that the
Senate had passed a bill and joint, resolution
of the following titles, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 783) to repeal all existing laws
authorizing the transportation and exportation
of goods, wares, and merchandise in bond to
Mexico overland and by inland waters, ani
for other purposes; and ,
A joint resolution (S. R. No. -12) in r® a l
to the compensation of_assistant marshals for
taking the census of 3870.
OliBlSI! Of BUSIX1SSS.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules
