1276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
gress to restore the duty of imported cigars to
three dollars per pound and fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
Also, the petition of John Northop and 20
others, citizens of Sherman, Fairfield county,
Connecticut^ praying Congress to abolish the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William Warner and 15
others, citizens of New Hartford, Litchfield
county, Connecticut, praying Congress to re-
store the tariff rates on imported cigars to three
dollars per pound and fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
Also, the remonstrance of the Eagle Scythe
Company, of Iiiverton, Litchfield county, Con-
necticut, against any further addition to the
duty levied upon imported steel, and respect-
fully petitioning for a reduction of the same.
By Mr. BOLES: A petition for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BOOKER: A petition of citizens of
Charlotte county, Virginia, praying for a reduc-
tion in the tax on manufactured tobacco.
By Mr. BOYD: A petition of 200 citizens
of the fourth congressional district of Mis- j
souri, praying for the abolition of the frank- '
ing privilege. |
By Mr. BRADFORD: A petition of 26 citi-
zens of Brockridge, Colorado, asking for the ,
abolition of the franking privilege, with an j
acoinpanying letter from the petitioners. |
Also, the petition of George W. Frary and j
Isaac Hopkins, whose place of residence is j
unknown, asking for the abolition of the frank- j
ing privilege. !
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of j
JohnB. Parris and 35 others, citizens of West- j
port, Massachusetts, praying for the abolition ;
of the franking privilege. j
ByMr.CHURCHILL: ThepetitionofJames |
Navagli and 76 others, ship-builders and ship-
carpenters,. of Oswego, New York, in favor of
the admission of ship-building materials duty
free, and against the granting of American
registers to foreign-built ships.
Also, the petition of Catherine Phillips,
widow of Lewis Relyra, late a private of com-
pany B, first Wisconsin volunteer infantry, for
relief to obtain additional bounty.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of
Peotone, Will county, Illinois, for the repeal
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COX: The petition of A. H. Bar-
ron and 4 steel manufacturers, praying for a
reduction of the duties on imported steel.
Also, the petition of J. L. Brennan and 70
others, engaged in book-making in New York
city, asking that a specific duty be imposed on
books.
Also, the petition of P. L. Mather and 52
others, citizens of Brooklyn, New York, for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Campbell, Hand & Co.
and 15 others, paper manufacturers of New
York, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of I). Appleton & Co. and
8 others, publishers, &c., of New York city,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of C. M. Kaltenback and
16 others, tobacco manufacturers, asking a
restoration of the tariff rates on imported
cigars to three dollars per pound and fifty per
cent, ad valorem-
Also, the petition of Thomas H. Hall and
15 others, tobacco manufacturers, &c., for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of Moses Greene and 19
others, tobacpo manufacturers, for the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of Barclay Livingston
and 48others, merchants, importers, and deal-
ers in wines and spirits, of New York city, and
Boston, Massachusetts, for the reduction of
the tax on sales of liquors, &c.
Also, the petition of J. D. Richards and 20
others, merchants, importers, &c., of Boston,
Massachusetts, for the same purpose.
By Mr. DONLEY: The petition of W. C.
Wiley, postmaster, and others, citizens of
Washington, Pennsylvania, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Thomas B. Smith and
others, citizens of Greene county, Pennsyl-
vania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of B. F. Morris, sen., and
others, citizens of Fredericktown, Washington
county, Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
By Mr. DOX: Petitions from citizens of Ala-
bama, residing near Greensport post office; of
J. T. McSpadden, postmaster at Rawlingsville,
and others, and of citizens of Alabama, residing
near Blue Pond post office, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. ELDR1DGE: The remonstrance of
Hon. George S. Dunlap, of Chicago, Illinois,
against the imposition of additional duties on
imported steel.
By Mr. FERRISS: Seven petitions of citi-
zens of the sixteenth district of New York, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of Mrs. Alzada W. Saul, mother of Lewis Saul,
private in company H, second Ohio cavalry vol-
unteers, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Eliza C. Ham-
mond, mother of James C. Hammond, com-
pany H, twenty-ninth Ohio volunteers, for
arrears of pension.
By Mr. GETZ: A petition of 23 citizens of
Maiden Creek, Berks county, Pennsylvania,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The petition of W.
D. Boyer, of Logan county, Kentucky, asking
bill for payment for damages sustained by
him during the war.
By Mr. GRISWOLD: A petition of mem-
bers of Cigar-makers' Union No. 66, of Kings-
ton, New York, for increase of duties on cigars.
Also, the petition of Joshua Carman and
others, of Cairo, Greene county, New York,
for increase of duties on cigars.
Also, the petition of George J. Smith, of
Kingston, Ulster county, New York, for in-
crease of duties on cigars.
Also, the petition of Moses Khrom, A. J.
Myers, and others, of Saugerties, New York,
for increase of duties on cigars.
Also, the petition of John T. Mann, Addi-
son P. Jones, and others, of Catskill, New
York, for reduction of duties on steel.
Also, a memorial of importers of New York,
Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New Orleans,
against increased duty on vinegar.
By Mr. HAWLEY: The petition of Lasere
& Co., praying that no further duties may be
imposed upon imported steel.
Also, the petition of J. H. Reed and 6 others,
praying for a reduction of duties upon imported
By Mr. HILL: The petition of E. W. Ben-
sion and 117 others, asking for pensions to the
soldiers and widows of the war of 1812.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of Samuel
Clark and others, of Northborongh, Massachu-
setts, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. HOLM AN: The petition of Nath.
A. Vanosdal and 29 others, citizens of Aber-
deen, Ohio county, Indiana, for the total abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. S. Eastman and 127
others, citizens of Hanover, Jefferson county,
Indiana, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Joseph P. McKnight
and 42 others, in the vicinity of Hanover, Indi-
ana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Nelson Johnson and
27 others, citizens of Titusville, Ripley county,
Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also; the petition of Gerhard H. Dettman and
55 others, citizens of Waymansville, Bartholo-
mew county, Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Thomas N. Cooper
and 37 others, citizens of Hartford, Ohio
county, Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. McCullough and 51
others, citizens of Centre Square, Switzer-
land county, Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. D. Conklin, post-
master, and 79 others, citizens of Nebraska,
Jennings county, Indiana, for the same pur-
pose.
Also, the petition of Joshua Wilson, Ham-
ilton Conaway, and 26 others, citizens of
Guionsville, Dearborn county, Indiana, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. D. Stiles, postmaster,
and 85 others, citizens of Milan, Ripley county,
Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of A. E. Nowlin and 18
others, citizens of Pella, Dearborn county,
Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of M. S. Cady, postmas-
ter, and 99 others, citizens of Holton, Ripley
county, Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of James McGee and 9
others, citizens of Cross Plains, in Brown
township, Ripley county, Indiana, for the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of R. R. Mitchell and 38
others, citizens of North Madison, Jefferson
county, Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of James Myers and 41
others, citizens of Zenas, Jennings county,
Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of H. B. Oakley and 32
others, citizens of Smyrna, Decatur county,
Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of W. H. L. Rine and 35
others, citizens of New Marion, Ripley county,
Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of James Culbertson and
65 others, citizens of Moorefield, Switzerland
county, Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of John W. Johnson and
25 others, citizens of Sparta, Dearborn county,
Indiana, for the same purpose.
By Mr. JENCKE8: A petition of the Prov-
idence Steam and Gas-Pipe Company, relative
to proposed duties on steel.
Also, the petition of William Barbour & Co.,
and others, relative to same.
Also, the petition of J. R. Horton and others,
relative to proposed duty on cigarsand tobacco.
Also, the petition of Owen L. Leach and
others, relative to the same.
Also, the petition of Freeman Studley and
others, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. . ,
Also, the petition of II. W. Nichols and
others, for the same.
Also, the petition ol 1'nry E. Turner and
others, for the same.
Also, the petition of Peter J. Bradford and
others, for the same.
Also, the petition of William Cornell and
others, for the same.
Also, the petition of Henry Ledyard and
others, for the same.
By Mr. JOHNSON : Two petitions of citi-
zens of California, asking for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky: A memo-
rial and petition of the Cigar-Makers' Union
of Covington, Kentucky.
By Mr. JUDD : A petition of the Cigar-
Makers' Union No. 11, of Chicago, askingres-
toration of duty on imported cigars.
Also, the remonstrance of Murray & Mason,
against the same.
Also, the remonstrance of the Chicago File
Works, against increase of duty on steel.
Also, the petition of Brook Burrough and
others, asking the repeal of the franking priv-
ilege. *
Also, the petition of Caleb Lowe, as to
French spoliations.
By Mr. McGREW: The petition of Frances
W. Evans, of Charlottesville, Virginia, for a
pension. *
Also, a petition of residents of Oxford^ an
citizens of Berkeley county. West Virginia*
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
