2*220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 26,
bryan tyson.
On motion of Mr. BOCKERY, by uir;ni-
mous consent, leave was granted for the wlui-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of Bryan Tyson.
mehrtbnant albert e. grafton.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted for
the ■withdrawal from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions of "the papers in the case of Lieuten-
ant Albert E. Grafton, company H, one hun- >
dred and thirteenth regiment Ohio volunteers.
message from tixe senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a joint resolu-
tion and bills of the following titles, in which he
was directed to request the concurrence of the
House: .
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 158) for the
relief of Brigadier General Gabriel R. Paul,
of the United States Army ;
An act (S. No. 579) to create additional land
districts in the Territory of t>akota, to be called
the Springfield and Pembina districts; and
An act (S. No. 580) to fix the point of junc-
tion of the Union Pacific railroad and the
Central Pacific railroad.
olihistl of business for to-'mokiloyf.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that to-morrow be devoted exclusively to dis-
cussion of the tariff bill, the House being as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask whether we
might not make better progress if we had the
morning hour to-morrow for private bills, going
alter that into Committee of the Whole on the
tariff bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall object to Lhat.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I withdraw the
proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asks that general consent be given to an arrange-
ment whereby the House shall meet to-morrow
as in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the tariff bill. Is there objec-
tion '/
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
V. ti. scott and J. w, iuundlisv.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1612) for the relief of
David R. Scott and John W. Brindley; which
was read a first and second time, and, With the
accompanying papers, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
ilaillioad in new mexico, etc.
Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1018) to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
across the Territories Of New Mexico and Ari-
zona ; which was road a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK, I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The House, pursuant to
order, will meet to-morrow as in Committee
of the Whole, for the discussion of tlie tariff
bill, Mr. Wheeler in the chair, and no other
business will bo transacted.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and
accordingly (at half past five o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, mo.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Michael
Dickson, of Catoosa county, Georgia, praying
for relief from political disabilities.
By Mr. CHAVES: A petition and other
papers of citizens of Colfax county, Now Mex-
ico, praying Congress to nnnul the act, of the
Legislature of that Territory which locates the
county seat at Elizabethtown.
By Mr. COWLES: The petition of Jerusha
A. Goodrich, widow of Colonel Luther Good-
rich, for additional pension.
By Mr. FERRISS: The petition of P. M.
Myers and 41 others, citizens of Plattsburg,
New York, praying for the passage of a law
allowing the importation of pig lead from for-
eign countries free of duty.
By Mr. HAIGHT: The petition of Hon.
Peter D. Vroom and many other prominent
citizens of New Jersey, praying for the abro-
gation of the income tax as unnecessary, un-
equal, and oppressive.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of Kinnicutt
& Co., and others, of Worcester, Massachu-
setts, for abolition of duty on pig lead.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Martha Crosby, of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, for a pension.
By Mr. KETCHAM: A petition of 9-1 citi-
zens of Poughkeepsie, New York, praying
Congress to allow the importation of pig lead
free of duty.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona: A peti-
tion of 29 citizens of Maricopa Wells, Arizona,
in favor of abolishing the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 28 citizens of La l'az,
Arizona, to the same effect.
Also, a petition of 40 citizens of St. Joseph,
Arizona, to the samo effect.
Also, a petition of 20 citizens of Florence,
Arizona, to the samo effect.
Also, a petition of 4 citizens of Grant, Ari-
zona, to the samo effect.
By Mr. ORTH : Petitions of citizens of Indi-
ana for the abolition of Ihc franking privilege,
as follows: Z. B. Gentry and 209 others ; S.
T. Whittington and 75 others; J. P. Broad-
well and 80 others ; Milton llollingsworth and
21 others; Joseph S. Henry and 49 others;
George Deal and 28 others; W. II. Pyke and
22 others ; Peter Brown aud 29 others; Henry
W. Hall and 28 others ; John Keatz and 01
others; John II.Hull and 44others; William
Fairman and 42 others ; John Gaines and 25
others ; C. C. Wingert and 89 others ; Janies
F, Moody and 29 others } William 0. Smith
and 171 others j John B. Gault and 20 others ;
William Myers and 29 others; J. Ti Roavk
and 52 others ; John G. Massey and 42 others ;
C. S. James and 94 others; J. R. Iledgcock
and 28 others ; J. B. Rowen and 09 others ;
Robert Ferguson and 22others j James Sheft'er
and 67 others ; J. M. Persingor and 71 others ;
William H. Higgs and 28 others : Manaon
Head and 59 others ; Joseph D. Rendall and
58 others ; William Burget and 01 others;
Floyd Bungin and 41 others ; John S. Fleming
and 04 others ; R. M. Haynes and 40 others.
By Mr. RANDALL : The petition of John
Price Wetherill, J. J. Porter, T\ Horace
Brown, and JesSe Foulke, of Philadelphia,
representing that a tax on books is a tax upon
knowledge, and asking that all books be placed
upon the freo list, or at least that the present
onerous duty be reduced.
Also, the petition of T. Russell Dawson, R.
A. Parish, jr., John L. Lawson, David Brooks,
H. Perdisons, Samuel Button, William Mc-
Michael, John S. Bradbury, F. S. Coiladay,
Alexander P. Colesbury, Ellis Yarnall, and
George D. Parrish, of Philadelphia, on the
same subject.
_ By Mr. SCHUMAKER: A petition of 1,000
citizensof Brooklyn, New York, asking for the
removal of all duties on pig lead,
By Mr. STRICKLAND: The memorial of
John S. Estabrook and 552 others, being man-
ufacturers of pine lumber in the Saginaw valley
and vicinity, Michigan, opposing any ropeal of
the duties on lumber.
By Mr. TOWNSEND: A petition of ship-
builders and others, of Delaware county, Penn-
sylvania, asking the passage of Mr. Lyjtch's
bill to revive American commerce, and a bill
imposing tonnage duties, and for other pur-
poses.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 20, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
tariff bill.
The SPEAKERpro tempore, (Mr. Wheeler. )
The House is in session as in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, for de-
bate -only, ott the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to
amend existing laws relating to the duty on
imports, and 'for other purposes.
Mr. HAY addressed the committee. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STRICKLAND. Mr. Speaker, the ques-
tion under consideration is One of great import-
ance in its relation to the growth and prosperity
of our country.
The people of the country, for thepurpose
of this discussion, may be properly divided into
three classes, which may be denominated or
designated producers, consumers, and carriers.
The first class named, the producers, are
never prosperous unless they find the second
class, the consumers, sufficiently numerous to
buy whatever they may have to dispose of.
Whenever the production is beyond the de-
mand the producer suffers; and, on the other
hand, when the demand is beyond the supply
the consumer of necessity must submit to ex-
orbitant prices. The existence of these two
classes causes the third class, the carriers, and
this class is strong and prosperous or weak
and suffering just in proportion to the dis-
tance between the producer andconsumer.
The entire cost of this carrying business
must be paid by the producers and consumers.
This feet demonstrates beyond any kind of
question that every dollar unnecessarily paid
to the carrier is atl absolute loss; therefore it
is clear'that this class should be limited to the
least number of men and the smallest number
of dollars which can be employed in furnish-
ing the necessities of life.
In the ratio1 of reduction in this carrying
business will come wealth to the other two
Classes. This can only be done by shortening
the distance between the producer and the con-
sumer. Any system of legislation that shall
tend to distribute the different branches of
business over the country is in the right direc-
tion. Whenevert-heproducetandconsumerare
found together this loss of carrying is saved
and goes into the credit side of the aceount.
In the States where the products of the soil
are to any considerable extent required to feed
the manufacturer, or in other Words, where the
producer and consumer are Sido by side, the
most rapid advance in wealth and population
is found.
For the purpose of illustrating this position
contrast the States of Michigan and Iowa. I
select fbwa for the comparison in order to pre-
sent the question faifly. She has made more
rapid progress than any other State principally
engaged in agricultural pursuits. Under the
censusof1860 each State was entitled to six Rep-
resentatives in Congress. Each of said States
is well adapted to agriculture. Iowa has done
but little ill the matter of manufacture, while
Michigan has made considerable progress in
that direction, taking the front rank among the
younger States. Michigan has found a home
market for a large portion of her agricultural
products and has paid the carrier loss money;
while Iowa, for want of consumers, has been
compelled to send to a distant market her large
surplus of agricultural products, paying largely
to the carrier. In 1868 Michigan cast SI,000
more votes than Iowa, indicating, that she had
increasedin population 180,000 more than Iowa
in the eight years from 1800 to 1868.
The incidental protection to the manufac-
tures of our own country has been the basis
of this rapid growth in Michigan.
I propose to give some facts and figures bear-
ing upon the lumber, salt, and mining inter-
