1870..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4109
evening session.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that the House hold
a session this evening, as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the Pres-
ident's annual message, for debate only, no
business whatever to be transacted.
The motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for ten days.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence until the 20th instant.
leave to print.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print his remarks on the tax
and tariff bill in the Globe, as a part of the
debates of the House. [See Appendix.]
post ofpice appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of re-
suming the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1828) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1871.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Culloh in thechair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. 11. No. 1828)
making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1871.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending paragraph
is, "for pay of letter-carriers, $1,000,000."
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Beaman]
has moved to increase the appropriation to
$1,250,000. For that amendment the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] moved to
substitute "for pay of letter-carriers, at the
rate of $1,100 a year, $1,453,100."
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, all I desire to
say on this subject can be said within the limits
of the five minutes' debate. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Myers,] raising all salaries of
mail-carriers to §1,100, and hope that it will
not be adopted. The reason I oppose it is
because it is an effort to increase the salaries of
a class of employes who are authorized under
the law as it now stands to receive as high as
$1,000 a year. They mostly receive $800;
but they are entitled to receive $1,000 a year
if the Postmaster General sees fit to give it to
them. While that may be a small salary in
some of our largest cities, it is quite high enough
in the smaller ones, where only one or two
daily mails arc received, and the increase is
asked to apply to all.
U pon what ground is this increase of salary
advocated ? It is said these are men of large
families, and they cannot support those families
at their present salary. While that may be
true in a few instances, this office of letter-
carrier ig'not such a one as requires a man with
a large family to undertake. There are plenty
of active young men who would be glad to take
it and consider they were receiving a handsome
salary at $800 or $1,000 a year. All I have to
say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania is, it
these men have large families and cannot afford
to hold the place at the present salary, letthem
yield to those who would be glad to get it, and
perform the duties equally well.
Under the law the Postmaster General is
obliged to establish the letter-carrier system in
all cities over fifty thousand population, and in
places with less than that population if in his
opinion the interest of the public service would
be promoted by it. The consequence is there
is no equality about establishing the letter-ear-
nei system. The favorites of the Postmaster
General alone are provided for. Some cities
with less than twenty-five thousand have the
letter-carricr system, while others, with more
than forty thousand population, do not have it.
In some of these places all the receipts of the
post office are more than half consumed by
private-delivery expenditures, and in others
the expenditures are more than two thirds of
the receipts. I shall give you a few of the
cases. The net revenue in the city of Cam-
bridge, Massachusetts, for the year ending
31st December, 1869, was $4,366 59, and the
expenses of the free-delivery system were
$3,843 87 ; the amount received for local post-
age was $580 34. In the city of my colleague
on the committee, from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Dickey,] the city of Lancaster, the net reve-
nue was $9,209, and the expenses of the free-
delivery system were $4,265; amount received
for loca'l postage $434 34. In Manchester,
New Hampshire, the net revenue was $8,379,
and the expenses of the free-delivery system
$5,259; amount received for local postage
$479 94. And I might go on showing similar
results for many other cities.
My idea is that the proposition of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations should be carried out,
that we should not increase the amount above
what is reported, and that no discretion should
be given to any one to establish the system,
except where there is the required population,
which should be fixed by law. Complaint is
made all over the country that the revenues col-
lected are absorbed in furnishing delivery
facilities in cities having a population less than
some others that are omitted. The appropri-
ation proposed by the committee is ample for
the purposes of supplying all cities of forty thou-
sand population and over—I mean as modi-
fied by the gentleman who reports the bill,
[Mr. Beaman,] so that the amount shall be
$1,250,000. The committee originally agreed
to report $1,000,000,; the gentleman from
Michigan now proposes to add $250,000 more,
and I suppose that is right. This ought to
extend the benefits of the system to all cities
containing a population of forty thousand and
upward, and beyond that, in myjudgment, wo
ought not to go. I must oppose, therefore, the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Myers,] and would be glad to see
the proposition sustained, that population, and
not the will of the Postmaster General, should
determine what cities should he entitled to the
benefits of this system.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is first
on the amendment of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Beaman,] which the Clerk will
again report.
The Clerk read as follows :
On page 2, lino nineteen, instead of "$1,000,000"
insert" SI,250,000so that it will read:
For pay of lottor-carriers, $l,2d0,000.
The question was put on Mr. Beaman's
amendment; and there were—ayes sixty-five,
noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is next
on the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers,] which the Clerk
will again report.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out line nineteen and insert the following
words: "For pay of letter-carriers, at the rate of
61,100 a year, £1,453,100."
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I do so
for the purpose of calling the attention of the
House to the fact that this is the first of a
series of amendments proposed to these bills,
indicating a disposition on the part of those
who make them to enter upon a system of
a general increase of salaries. I desire that
the House, in voting on this amendment, shall
understand that such is the design. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. MYERS. I renew it. I do so for the
purpose, as this subject is resumed after a lapse
of some weeks, of calling the attention of the
committee to the question involved. Mr. Chair-
man, since the farmer discussion the press of
the country has contained a large-numBer of
editorials upon it reflecting the sentiment of,
the people, who are benefited by the free-deliv-
ery system. That sentiment is, that" these.-let-
ter-carriers, who do such arduous work in a.11
weathers, and who are paid so little, shall fiavo.
a rate of pay at least approximating to that of
the poorer paid clerks in the city of Washing-
ton. It is not contemplated, as alleged-, to
enter upon an indiscriminate increase of sala-
ries ; but shall we blindly adhere to the com-
pensation we gave some years ago, no matter
whether found to be sufficient or not?
I never before listened to such an argument
as that of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck.] He argued in substance that while it
may be true the pay will not enable a married
man to support his family, we can get enough
of single men to deliver letters at that rate of
pay. This is admitting away all the facts and
prescribing that hs who commits matrimony
must be debarred from this branch of the pub-
lic service. The gentleman lias at least the
merit of originality, no matter how harsh are
the terms he imposes.
As stated before, these men have to pay for
their uniforms, which I contend was never con-
templated by the framers of the law. By the
act of July 1, 1864, the free-deliv«ry. system
was established and the pay limited, ranging
from $600 to $1,000, at the discretion mostly
of the Postmaster General. On July 27, 1868,
wo passed a supplement authorizing this officer
to prescribe a uniform dress to be worn by these
carriers. Under this authority, on October 31,
1868, an "order" was issued directing that a
winter uniform should be worn by them while
on duty—a single-breasted sack of "cadet
gray," pants of like material with stripe, single-
breasted vest with brass buttons, cap, revers-
ible cape, &c.; and on April 23, 1869, a sum-
mer suit was prescribed with as many requi-
sites. To the astonishment of the carriers the
seventy-five dollars which these two suits cost
were deducted from their pay, although the
various postmasters alone had the directions
to furnish the suits. The buttons (as the. first
order reads) could "be procured only from
P. P. Hassam, of Boston." They could neither
buy nor have these suits made up where they
chose. This act of 1868 was never intended
by Congress to deduct seventy-five dollars from
the pay of each carrier; yet such has been its
only effect, and I call the attention of the com-
mittee to the injustice.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania how the pay of
these carriers compares with the pay of the
United States soldiers( either in peace or in
war ?
Mr. MYERS. I will answer the gentleman's
question.
Mr. HOTCKISS. I would also like him
to answer, at the same time, whether there is
any difficulty m getting men to discharge these
duties at the present time. And I would ask
him, further, whether it would not be well to
reduce the pay of first-class clerks in Wash-
ington to $900, instead of increasing the pay
of female clerks to $1,200?
Mr. MYERS. I will answer the gentleman
when he gets through his long question and I
obtain another five minutes' allowance.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Well, I have a number
more to ask, but you may answer those.
[Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. BENJAMIN. I rise to oppose the.
amendment. I merely desire to say that it
these gentlemen who are acting in this capacity
in Philadelphia think they cannot do the work
for the amount of pay they receive, if they will
just leave the places we will send scores and
scores of men who are now laboring for four
or five huudred dollars a year to fill their
places.
There is another point to which i wish to
refer. I do not understand that the uuiform
