1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5053
former Commissioner for reasons which the
petitioner thinks were not well founded, and
he asks a rehearing.
I desire to state that none of these patents
have been renewed. The petitions are all for
a renewal after the expiration of the first term
of the patent. I think there will be no objec-
tion to this. It is merely an application for
leave to have a rehearing before the present
Commissioner of Patents.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
i?. 11. STRONG) AND T. ROSS.
Mr. ST15VBNS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1781) for the
relief of Francis M. Strong and Thomas Ross.
The bill was read. It provides that Francis
M. Strong and Thomas Ross have leave to
make application to the Commissioner of Pat-
ents for the extension of the letters-patent
issued to them for improvement in platform
scales, for the term of fourteen years from the
10th day of January, 1856; said letters-patent
bearing date the loth day of January, 1856, in
the same manner as if the petition for said
extension had been filed at least ninety days
before the expiration of said patent, and that
the Commissioner be authorized to consider
and determine said application in the same
manner as if it had been filed ninety days before
the expiration of said patent.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN TYLER.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] to waive his objection
to taking from the Speaker's table the bul (S.
No. 790) for the relief of John Tyler.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to hear the bill
read, reserving the right to object.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Com-
missioner of Patents, npon due application
made to him, to extend the patent of John
Tyler, of West Lebanon, New Hampshire, for
improvement in water-wheels, issued to him
July 18, 1856, and reissued in 1868, and which
will expire July 8, 1870, upon the same evi-
dence and principles as if application had been
made to him by said patentee in due time prior
to said expiration of said patent.
Mr. LAFLIN". I desire to have some ex-
planation of this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I will state the facts of the
case. The applicant is a resident of Lebanon,
New Hampshire, where one of theNew Hamp-
shire Senators resides. Intending to make this
renewal, he intrusted his case to the Senator,
who, in the multiplicity of his engagements
and his business, forgot to turn it over in sea-
son to an attorney for the claimant in Wash-
ington, so that this gentleman was prevented
from getting in his application in season. Ho
lost his opportunity and his rights under the
law. This measure is merely remedial.
Mr. LAFLIN. All right.
Therebeingno objection, the bill (S. No. 790)
for the relief of John Tyler was taken from
the Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALEXANDER c. TWINING.
Mr. CALKIN, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 704) for the
relief of Alexander C. Twining.
_ The bill was read. It directs the Commis-
sioner of Patents to extend the patent of Alex-
ander C. Twining, dated November 8, 1853,
and numbered 10221, for an improvement in
the process and apparatus for making ice, for
the term of seven years, commencing on the
3d day of July, 1871, and ending on the 3d day
of July, 1878, unless upon examination by the
Commissioner it be found that the substantive
invention secured by the patent was not new
and patentable at the time of the date of the
patent.
Mr. ASPER. Is there a report accompany-
ing the bill?
Mr. CALKIN. There is.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CALKIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OF TII01IAS W. HARVEY
Mr. CALKIN, also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (EE. R. No. 2358) for the
relief of the widow and heirs of Thomas W.
Harvey, deceased; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Com-
missioner of Patents to hear the application
of the widow and heirs of Thomas W. Harvey,
deceased, for a reextension of the patent here-
tofore granted to Thomas W. Harvey on the
80th of May, 184G, for an improvement in ma-
chinery for cutting screws, reissued on the 28th
of December, 1858; and also the application of
the heirs of Thomas W. Ilarvey for an exten-
sion of the patent heretofore granted to the
said Harvey on the 18th day of August, 1846,
for an improvement in the machinery for dress-
ing screw-heads, and reissued June 4, 1869,
and to grant an extension of said patents for
a period of seven years respectively from the
passage of this act, provided that the patent
shall be extended only for the benefit of the
widow and legal heirs of the said Harvey, and
that this extension shall not be valid for the
use and benefit of any corporation or person
claiming any right or interest in either of said
patents by virtue of any alleged agreement,
transfer, or assignment heretofore executed by
the said heirs, or any arbitration or award
heretofore made between the said heirs and
any other person or corporation; and if at any
time the said extended patents shall become in
whole or in part the property of the company
which ownect the said patents at the time tliey
were about to expire, or their successors, this
act shall at once become void and of no effect,
and all rights in law or equity of all persons in
legal possession of machinery covered by said
patent shall be protected in all cases from said
extension of said letters-patent, and the Com-
missioner, upon due hearing of all persons
desiring to contest the said extensions, shall
be of opinion that the said patents should be
extended.
Mr. PAINE. Is this our old friend who has
appeared from time to time in former Con-
gresses ?
Mr. CALKIN. Yes: this bill has been
before Congress before.
Mr. DAWES. Is it the one which has been
rejected three times ?
Mr. CALKIN. I do not know about its
being rejected three times. I believe it was
rejected twice on account of statements made
upon this floor which there were no facts to
sustain. I wish to have the report read at
the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the report. It sets forth that
the committee have heard the petitioners and
all other persons interested in the extension
of the said letters-patent who have chosen to
appear before them; and they find, first, that
the invention patented by Harvey was of great
merit, and was one of the principal causes of
success of the manufacture of wood-screws in
this country. Second, that the said Harvey
did not receive during his lifetime an adequate
remuneration for his invention, nor did his
heirs after his decease. Third, that the said
letters-patent were purchased by the American
Screw Company for a sum that barely paid the
expenses of the inventor and his legal repre-
sentatives. Fourth, that the extension asked
for, if granted, will inure entirely to the ben-
efit of the heirs of the inventor. Fifth, that
the American Screw Company have no inter-
est in said patent if extended by conveyance,
or contract, or promise, expressed or implied.
Sixth, that the American Screw Company were
the owners of said patent, constructed ma-
chinery embracing said patented improvements,
and would have the right to use it in case of
the extension of said letters-patent. Seventh,
that the suggestion which has been made in
this House, whenever this patent has been re-
ported npon, to the effect that the American
Screw Company would own or control it, has
no foundation in fact; and lastly, that from
the great merits of the invention, and the entire
absence of remuneration, the committee recom-
mend the granting of the extension asked for.
Mr. CALKIN. I do not wish to take up the
time of the House in making any statement in
reference to this case. Members of the House
are familiar with this case. The committee
have reported this bill unanimously. They
believe that it is an honest and just case. They
are satisfied that this patent, if extended, will
go for the benefit of the family of the deceased
Mr. Harvey. There are many of them in poor
circumstances. I say again that there is no
one that has a dollar's worth of interest in the
extension of the patent but the heirs of the
deceased Mr. Harvey.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. For how
long is the patent extended?
Mr. CALKIN. For seven years.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. For how
long has he had a patent?
Mr. CALKIN. I think for twenty-one years.
It is not the only case of the kind that we have
reported. We have reported similar cases that
have been extended for seven years.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow
mo a word?
Mr. CALKIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I do think that
it is worth while of the House to consider
whether they will extend a patent for twenty-
one years, especially a patent of the import-
ance of this one, covering, as it does, an arti-
cle that is used by everybody in the land,
which enters into the consumption of the poor-
est man who builds a cabin on the prairie, as
well as of the richest man who constructs a
house on Fifth avenue. It is a patent which
has now been enjoyed for twenty-one years,
and which, after full consideration by this
House, has been deliberately rejected on two
or three different occasions. Now I submit
to the House whether it is worth while to adopt
anew, and for the first time in ten years, the
policy of extending a twenty-one years' pat-
ent? Is not there occasion for the House to
say that they have gone far enough when they
have given the exclusive privilege of manufac-
turing such important articles as these for
twenty-one years? No reasonisgiven for this
extension other than the fact which the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Calkin] has sug-
gested here, that these persons have not them-
selves made all the money to which they were
entitled from the value of their patent.
