1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3165
Mr. POMEROY. Is not th t set wide by I
la* ?
Mr. THAYER. But it does not require the
people to decorate the graves. That is a vol-
u war? act of the American people. It recog-
nises the day as a holiday. It indicates that
thai will Hp tiie appropriate day for this purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves the reference of the joint resolu-
tion to the Committer on Military Affairs.
Mr. DRAKE. Upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Several Senators. No ; no.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 insist on the call.
Three Senators rose to second the demand
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope we shall bare the
vca* and navs.
" I'he VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again put the question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, but
three Senators rising to second the call.
Mr. WARMER. I should like to have the
resolution read.
The Secretary again read the resolution.
Mr. NYE. If I understand the object of the
resolution it is simply to declare the 30th of
May a holiday, not to make it obligatory at all,
that the decoration of the graves shall be had
on that day. I hope that the resolution will
pass. I think if there is any one thing that
this nation is deficient in it is in the number
of holidays it has. In other countries great
events are commemorated in that way, and cer-
tainly no greater event can be commemorated
than that which is proposed to be commemor-
ated on the 30th of May. I hope that the res-
olution, if it sbonld be referred, will soon be
reported back and passed. It seems to me it
is dne to the occasion, due to the dead, and
due to the living, that it should pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the motion to refer the joint resolution, and
declared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 call lor a division.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 36, noes 7.
Mr. DRAKE. I again call for the yeas and
nays upon the question. Let us see whether the
Senate will refuse the yeas and nays upon this
question.
I'he jeas and nays were ordered, twelve Sen-
ators seconding the call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the reference of this joint resolution to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, i
resnltc:—jeas 37, nay* 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ame?, Anthony, BayaH, Bore-
man, Bnckiniham, Cameron, Casserly, Chandler,
Cole, Edmunds. Fenton, Perry, Flanattan. Fowler,
Harlan, Harris. Jonnstou. Lewis, Ali-Ureery, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Patterson, Pomcroy, Ramsey, ltob-
emon, Ross, Saulabnry, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart.
ctockioD, Sumoer, Tipton, Trumbull, Viokera, Wi 1 - 1
ley, Williams, and Wilson—37.
N A YS—Messrs. Carpenter, Conkling, Drake, Ham-
ilton ot Texas, Hamlin, 11 owed, Nye, Osborn, Pratt,
Warner—12.
A1SSEVT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow. Cattell,
tnroett, Cragin .Davis, Gilbert, Hamilton Of Mary- !
Jaml. Howard. Howe, Kel log*. McDonald. Morrill of i
•Maine, Morton.Norton, Pool, Kegels, Rice, Schuri,
opencer, Spragae, Xhuroian, and Yates—lii. |
So the motion was agreed to. j
PENSION TO UR8. LINCOLN.
lie till (H. R. No. 1950) granting a pension
it Y Lincoln was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trast that bill may be
pot upon its passage.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope so, too.
Mr. TRUiJBULL. The subject is well
understood by every one, and there seems to
ce do necessity for referring it.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have a vote on it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust it may be passed
unanimously and graciously.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course it will be passed
paciougly, if at all; but the Committee on
tensions has a bill before it already providing
°'a Pension at a higher rate than this, upon
*wch it is just ready to report. The report
I is being drafted, and will be perfected and
I ready to be presented in the course of this
week, with some facts and statistics which may
justify Senators in voting for or against the
bill, aa they may be affected by those facts.
Therefore I think this bill had better not pass
now. I have no objection to its going cn the
Calendar, because we have the subject before
us and can report upon it just as well.
Mr. SUMNER. But tile bill for a pension
to Mrs. Lincoln was introduced in the last
Congress. It seemed at that time that a large
part of the Senate was in its favor ; but it was
objected to 
Air. EDMUNDS. I do not think this is the
time to enter into a debate on this bill, inas-
much aa it is not before the Senate for con-
sideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not about to debate
it. I was only going to reply to the remark
of the Senator from Vermont. I understood
the Senator to assign certain reasons 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said that the commit-
tee was about to report, and therefore I ob-
jected to the preseut consideration of this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill in the last Con-
gress failed. During the first week of the
present Congress, now more than a year ago,
I introduced another bill for the same object,
and I tried to put it on its passage without a
reference to a committee. On the motion of
the Senator from Vermont, however, on the
yeas and nays, it was referred to the commit-
tee of which he is chairman. It was referred
to the Committee on Pensions at the very
beginning of this Congress, now more-than a
year ago. During all this time the bill has
slumbered in the room of that committee,
while the object of this kindness, this benefi-
cence ou the part of Congress, has been suffer-
ing in poverty 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont rises to a question of order,
which he will state.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I had risen before and
objected to the present consideration of this j
bill, or intended to do so, under the rules of j
the Senate, because I did not wish it to pass, j
as it must if at all now, by unanimous consent !
My point of order, therefore, is that it is not 1
in order to consider the bill and debate it, it
having been objected to, having just come in
from the House.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me
to plead with him to allow a vote to be taken?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
decide the point of order made by the Senator
from Vermont if he insists upon it. It arrests
the remarks of the Senator from Massachu-
setts till it id decided.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the bill go on the
Calendar.
Mr. FENTON. The bill will go on the Cal-
endar, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont suggests that it go on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. BDMUNDS. I should like the point
of order to be decided.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
reluctant to deeide points of Order when they •
«an be avoided. The Chair understands that ;
by the usage of the Senate, when a bill is read j
the first and second times, the question then |
arises, what shall be done with the bill ? A
motion to refer is in order, but it cannot be i
read tbe third time that day. under the rale of !
tbe Senate, if any Senator objects. The Chair '
supposes that the motion to refer would cer-
tainly be debatable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Bat there is no motion
to refer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no mo- j
tion to refer; but the question then is, whatshall I
be done with the bill ? The bill is before ibe '
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that it be read tho
third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
| imous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then there is no question
pending, and there can be no debate.
^'1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont did debate the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg pardon. I only
explained the grounds why I objected to its
present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know the difference in parliamentary law
between an explanation and debate. An ex-
planation is in the nature of debate.
Mr. SUMNER. And I would add 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill cannot
be read the third time to-day, objection being
made.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely replied categoric-
ally to the remarks of the Senator from Ver-
mont. 1 did not intend to debate it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That also is
debate. A categorical reply is debate as well
as an explanation. The Senator from Vermont
moves that the bill be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Idonotmakeany motion.
I object to its present consideration.
Mr. FENTON. I move that it be placed on
the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It goes on the Calendar
as a matter of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will if the
Senate passes away from its consideration ; but
it is still before the Senate, and the Senate must
decide what shall be done with it. Tbe ques-
tion is on placing it upon the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the iiousk.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief.Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a concurrent reso-
lution for the adjournment of the two Houses
on the 4th of July next.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; which were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 288) for the relief of Cap-
tain George E. Gresham, of Tennessee;
A bill (II. R. No. 840) amendatory of the
organic law of Colorado Territory, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1413) for the relief of
Sophia A. Moen, administratrix, and Philip
L. Moen, administrator of Augustus it. Moen;
A bill (H. R. No. 1035) to authorize the
corporate authorities of the city of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, to pave and
improve the streets thereof;
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 85) for the
relief of Helen Lincoln and Heloise Lincoln,
and for the withholding of moneys from tribes
of Indians holding American captives;
A joint resolution (II. 11. No. 156) author-
izing the sale of certain lands at Springfield,
Massachusetts, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 215) author-
izing the supply of arms for instruction and
practice to certain colleges and universities;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 245) making
an appropriation to defray tbe expenses of the
Coinmittee on Education and Labor incurred
in pursuance of investigations ordered by the
House of Representatives;
A joint resolution (H. R„ No. 271) making
an appropriation fqr the purpose of making
experiments in the ventilation of the Halls of
the Capitol;
_ A bill (S. No. 93) legalizing certain loca-
tions of agricultural college scrip therein desig-
nated :
A bill (S. No. 488) to authorize the officers
of the Treasury Department to enter a credit
upon the account of Henry Etting, paymaster
in the Navy;
