5054:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Mr. DAYIS. Its subsequently disclosed
value.
Mr. DAWES. Yes; its subsequently dis-
closed value, as my friend from New "York
[Mr. Davis] has well said. Tlie reason why
they have not obtained more remuneration
from this patent is because very large and
wealthy corporations have made the profits
which have been derived from this patent. By
means of this patent large and wealthy cor-
porations in this country, which I think the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Calkin] can-
not be ignorant of, have heaped up wealth to
an amount perfectly fabulous. There are now
in existence corporations whose wealth is
almost uncounted, derived from the consumers
of the country from this very patent fortwenty-
one years. And if the original patentee has
failed to derive all or any considerable share
o( the profits to be derived from that patent
still the public has paid it. The tribute has
been paid by the people to the patent; but it
has gone to these corporations through the
arrangement of the patentee with them, and
not through any fault of the public.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Asthe gentleman seems
to be perfectly familiar wiih (his case, will he
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that these large corporations,
or any of them, have been working heretofore
or are now working entirely and exclusively
under thip patent?
Mr. DAWES. No ; I did not say so.
Mr. CLEVELAND. That is the inference
to be drawn from what the gentleman said.
Mr. DAWKS. I said this patent is the
foundation of their wealth. And I happen to
be familiar enough with the fact to know that;
and I see my distinguished'friend from New
Jersey [Mr. Cleveland] is not ignorant of the
fact, for he takes particular pains to use the
words "entirely and exclusively."
And letmotellyou that the previous attempts
to induce this House to extend this patent have
disclosed this fact: when the first attempt
was made there were a whole series of manu-
facturers of screws who came down here to
oppose the extension of this patent, and
called out their Representatives here and asked
them to oppose its extension. When the sec-
ond attempt was made they dropped off one
after another, and finally the identical men
who came here first and sought to get their
Representatives to oppose the extension of this
patent called the same Representatives to the
door and asked them to vote in favor of the
extension; and why? They were honest
enough to say that if this patent was now ex-
tended they would have the free use of it, and
therefore they wanted to get their Represent-
atives to go for it. I can give gentlemen the
names of screw manufacturers all over the
country who came here and told this story to
their Representatives to induce them to with-
draw their opposition to the extension of this
patent.
Under these circumstances, upon a fair hear-
ing, the application for the extension of this
patent has been rejected. I do not know how
many times ; I think three times, and twice in
one Congress. And now it is again asked that
this patent shall he extended for seven years
longer, or twenty-eight years in all. It is a pat-
ent coveriug an industry which has yielded
immense profits to some persons. Now, they
come forward and say that there is no such
relation between the heirs of tie patentee and
any of these corporations that they will derive
any benefit from the renewal of the patent.
But does not every one know that by continu-
ing this patent, no matter in whose hands it
may be, we shall raise the price of the articles
manufactured under the patent?
Mr. CALKIN. I did not purpose to give the
gentleman the whole morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I have said all that I wish
to say. If the House desires to extend again
such a patent as this, and give it a term of
twenty eight years, I submit that it is a great
mistake.
Mr. CALKIN. Mr. Speaker, I resume the
floor. I wish to say that as to what has been
done in the past I have nothing to answer for.
I am responsible to-day for the report of this
committee. The report shows that there is not '
a single person interested in the extension of
this patent but the heirs of Harvey, and that
they are poor. The practice of the committee
since I have been a member has uniformly been
to consider no case favorably where they were
satisfied the patentee had received sufficient
remuneration for his invention. In this ease
the committee are satisfied that the patentee
has not received a sufficient remuneration.
Let me remind the House that many of the
inventions of llarvey are not included in this
extension. He was one of the great inventors
of the age, a man who was constantly invent-
ing. but not reaping the fruits of his inventive
genius. In this case he has not, in the opinion
of thecommittee, received sufficient remunera-
tion.
I see that the chairman of the committee
[Mr. Jexckes] wiohes to say a word, and I
yield to hiiu.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
correct some errois into which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Ur. L)av/es] has fallen
with regard to tlii.s application. I have not
heretofore taken part m the discussion of this
question in this House, because I was once
employed as counsel against these patents;
never in any way or in any respect for iheni.
T then became acquainted with their entire
history.
The gentleman is in error when he says that
these are fundamental inventions in the man-
ufacture of screws. There are many other in-
ventions by which screws are made, and which
are believed by their owners to be more valu-
able than this Harvey patent. The result of
that belief was that during the whole of the
original term of these patents, in the lifetime of
General Harvey, he received absolutely 110 re-
muneration for his invention. Those engaged
in the manufacture of screws used other ma-
chinery, not his. When his patents were ex-
tended by the Commissioner there was a com-
bination not to use them ; a combination against
them. In the course of the dealings between
the parties the principal manufacturers of
screws in the country became the owners, by
contract, of these patents ; and in that litigation
I appeared adversely to them. The result of
the litigation was an award of a small sum for
the entire title to these patents for the extended
term. Instead of using these patents during
the residue of that term, the purchasers of the
patents smothered them. They not only did
not use them themselves, but they prevented
everybody else from making use of these inven-
tions, except so far as there were infringers to
a small degree, and there were a few such.
The patents expired; the inventions became
public property. Then these manufacturers
of screws substituted what was valuable in
these inventions for what they had been using
before. But the persons who purchased the
extended term of these patents have the right
to use the machinery which they have con-
structed, notwithstanding any future exten-
sion of the patents. rIhey therefore stand
indifferent in this controversy. The relief now
asked is that the case may be sent to the Com-
missioner of Patents for his decision. If he
finds reason to grant a further extension, then
these persons who have unjustly made them-
selves rich by the use of the inventions of
Harvey will be compelled to contribute some
small pittance to the support of his destitute
children. That is the result of it. It may or
may not be just: but that in brief is the history
of this patent, and will be the result if this bill
be passed—nothing more and nothing less.
Mr. DAWES. Has the public had the slight-
est notice of this renewal?
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir; every manufac-
turer of screws in this country has been notified
of the pendency of this bill.
Mr. DAWES. By whom?
Mr. JENCKES. .There are affidavits prov-
ing the fact, and the report fully explains the
matter. There is no manufacturer of screws,
and I believe I know them all, who has not
been notified of the pendency of this bill. It
is true that money has been made, but it has
been in ado by others than Harvey.
Mr. DAWES. Does not the fact stated by
the gentleman from Rhode Island prove that
there is an understanding between these men
and these heirs?
Mr. JENCKES. It does not prove any such
understanding, because these screw manufac-
turers are using the inventions of other par-
ties, and they may or may not use this. If
they use this invention, as some of them do,
they will only have 10 pay a small suru for con-
tinuing the use of it. It will enable the des-
titute children of this meritorious inventor to
reap some rewaid for something which he has
done for his country. It will not come out of
the poor, because the price of screws will not
be affected the one thousandth part in the
gioss. It will eoniti out of the large profits of
those who have used this invention. Whoever
does not desire to use it can uso other inven-
tions believed to be of more value.
Mr. CALKIN. I ask the Clerk to read the
affidavit I send up.
Tlie Clerk read as follows:
II, A. Hurvoy, of Orange, New Jersoy, being duly
sworn, <lri)o?c\s arid s;i:
I am thu son of Thomas W. Harvey, deceased, anil
am actitis tor 111 > 1* ami by pusvor of atturnyy ful-
fil*1 other heirs and ior the widowof thosnid Ttionnts
Vv. Harvey, in pro.^ccuting before Congress the ap-
plication tor liic extension of two iKitents hereto-
fore granted to him for improvemontb in machinery
lor manufacturing \vood-*crew,<-.
Xho said extension is asked for tho benefit of the
snid widow and heirs, ;uid ha* not been sold, nor is
there any agreement that it shall bo sold, to any
party whatever.
It granted, it will inure in four equal shares, tho
ono to the benefit of the widow, one to my sistor, fcho
wife of A. P. Hawley, one to the infant children of
another sister, Mrs. J. L. Iialsey, deceased, and one
to myself.
I make this affidavit as my only means of meeting
in advanec a repetition of the incorrect statements
to the^ontrary heretofore made on tho iloor of the
House of Representatives.
_ II. A. IIARVEY.
Sworn and subscribed to before mo this 2-kh day
of May, 1870.
[n. s j T. I!. MOSHER, Notary Puhlin.
We, the undersigned, severally declare that the
contents of tho foregoing affidavit are true, to tho
best of our knowledge and belief.
A. P. HAWLEY,
S AHA It A. HAWLEY,
S. h. irALSEY,
Guardian for WttUam O.,
JUiiza il/.. (jnd Harvey H., infants,
SARAH <J. llAHVEif.
Mr. CALKINS. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the bill be laid
on the table; arid on that motion demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
m the negative—yeas 85, nays 86, not voting
58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Beatty, Benja-
min, Benton, Bingham, Boles, tfeurge j\j. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buffinfon, Bnrchaul, Benjamin F„
Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Am sa
Cobb, Cook, Conger, CuMom, Davis, Dawes, Dickey,
Dickinson, Dyer, Eln, Ferry, Finkelnhurg, Fisher,
Hawkins, Ilawley, Hays, Hour. iiolumn, Hooper,
tiudd, Juhan.Knapp, Knott, La ilin, Lash, Lawrence,
Lewis, McCarthy, Mt-Conmck, Mctirew, McKeo,
McKcvnzio, Mcieur, Ehakim IF. Moore, Wiiliuui
Moore, Morphis, Orth, Packard, Pucker, Paine, Han-
da!}, lloeers, Sarccn t, _ Sawyer, Shanks, John A.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stokes, Stone, Stoushton, Taylor, Townsend, 'i'wich-
ell, Xynor, Van Horn, V;i n T runip, YanWyok. Cad-
walader O.Washburn, Welkcr, WhUmoio, Williams,
and.John T. Wilson—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Ayer, Barnum,
jjjck, Bciinctr, ih^s, Bird, Blair, Booker, Boyd,
James Brooks, Burr, Roderick IL. Butler, Cdkin,
Cleveland, Cobmn, Cox, Oiebs, Dookery. Dox. lild-
ridge, Fcrriss, Fitch, Gelz, Qriswoid, Ilamili, Barns,
