1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 15, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary read the Journal of yesterday.
correction of the journal. ■
Mr. MORTON. My attention has been
called to the fact that the bill (S. No. 290) to
secure and protect the freedom of transit within
the United States is stated in the Journal as
having been indefinitely postponed. It was
ordered to be placed on the Calendar yester-
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was placed
on the Calendar after some remarks by the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] and the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] and the
Journal will be corrected accordingly.
executive communications..
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War; '
which was read, as follows:
The Secretary of War has the honor to submit to
the Senate of the United States the accompanying
proposed bill, designed to facilitate the acquisition
of sites for national works of defense and to protect
the public Treasury against the combinations some-
times formed by the owners of real estate which may
be required for public use, for the purpose of extort-
ing from the United States an exorbitant price tor
the private property so required. Inasmuch as the
erection of additional batteries for the defense of
important points on the coasts of the United btates
is a pressing necessity, an early and favorable con-
sideration of the subject is recommended.
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Wab dkfartmew, February 12,1870.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the communica-
tion be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Grand Division of the Sons of
Temperance of the District of Columbia, in
favor of the enactment of a'prohibitory liquor
law in the District of Columbia; which were
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. WILSON presented the, petition ofT.
C. Smart, and other citizens of Washington,
District of Columbia, praying for the passage
of the bill now before Congress prohibiting
the sale of intoxicating liquors in the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of ship-
builders and others, of Maine, praying that in
any reorganization of the naval service the
naval construction department of our navy-
yards shall have a suitable rank not inferior
to any other class of officers in the naval service
except the officer having command of the navy-
yards ; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of
members of the Universal Peace Union and
Friends of Peace of America, remonstrating
against the proposed enlargement of West
Point Military Academy; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
or Massachusetts, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented four petitions of
citizens of Iowa, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of New England and New York, praying
a repeal of the duties on imported lumber;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens
of Indiana, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. VICKERS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Washington, District of Columbia,
praying the enactment of a law exempting
church property from taxation; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of
James F. Simpson, of the county of New Han-
over, North Carolina, praying for the removal
of his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr.OSBORN presented the petition of cigar
manufacturers of Key West, l'lorida, praying
that the old duty on imported cigars be reestab-
lished ; which was referred to the Committee
' on Finance.
11 Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitionsof
| R. A. Richardson, Marion, Smyth county, Vir-
ginia ; of Floyd B. Hurt, of Washington county,
Virginia ; of Cyrus A. Branch, of James City,
Virginia; of B. F. Smith, of York county,Vir-
- ginia, praying the removal of their political
1 disabilities; which were referred to the select
l Committee on the Removal of Political Disabil-
I ities.
!| Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
i petition of Joseph V. Murpliey and others, citi-
t| zens of Washington, District of Columbia, pray-
i I ing for the passage of the bill now before Con-
gress prohibiting thesale of intoxicating liquors
in the District of Columbia; which.was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
"Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
Dr. Daniel E. Watson, of the county of Albe-
marle, Virginia, praying for the removal of his
political disabilities; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. McDONALD presented a petition of
citizens of Arkansas, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of E. H. Eng-
lish, of Little Rock, Arkansas, praying the
removal of his political disabilities ; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
He also presented two memorials of citizens
of Madison county, Arkansas, remonstrating
against the abolition of the franking privilege;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citizens
of Nebraska, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. C ASSERLY presented ten petitions of
citizens of California, praying the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
of M. L. La Far, Richland county, South Car-
olina; of J. H. Hendrix, Lexington county,
South Carolina; of Javan Bryant, Spartanburg
county, South Carolina; of George W. Boi-
ling, Petersburg, Virginia; of A. M. Hamilton,
Goochland county, Virginia; of J. H. Hower-
ton, Halifax county, Virginia ; of Joseph L.
Howard, Floyd county, Virginia; of Hugh
Spencer, Wythe county, Virginia; of George
W. Candler, Russell county, Virginia; of E. D.
Eernan, Russell county, Virginia; of Abram
Linder, Washington county, Virginia; of J ames
D. Johnston, Giles county,Virginia; of Thomas
W. Jones, Montgomery county, Virginia; of
A. M. Ferguson, Russell county, Virginia; of
John Graves, George W. Shearman, William
E. Harlon, and B. Herndon, Greene county,
Virginia; of William Sandigo, Amherstcounty,
Virginia; of St. Clair T. Deane, Greene county,
Virginia; of James R. Hill, Charlotte county,
Virginia; of Thomas W. Winn, Lunenburg
county, Virginia; of Jefferson W. Ntubhs*
Gloucester county, Virginia ; of Henry Hazle-
wood, Campbell county, Virginia; of Rpv.
Thomas M. Hunley, Matthews county, Vir-
ginia ; of John T. Seawell, Gloucester county,
Virginia: of Junius C. Didlake, Campbell
county, Virginia; of James M. Dillon. Prince
Edward county, Virginia ; of W. W. Loftwick,
Bedford county. Virginia: of William T. Scott,
Charlotte county, Virginia: of Henry A. EJ-
mundson, Charlotte county, Virginia ; of Jacob
Morton, Charlotte county, Virginia ; of John
Gilmer, Pittsylvania county, Virginia; of
Henry C. Loving. Nelson county, Virginia,
praying for the removal of th<>ir political dis-
abilities ; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the
Secretary, and ordered to lie on the table:
By Mr. CHANDLER: Two petitions of
citizens of Michigan.
By Mr. WILSON : A petition of citizens of
A'i QCCtDAnlioatf a
By Mr. CAMERON: Two petitions of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. McCREERY: Three petitions of
citizens of Kentucky.
rrpokts of committees.
Mr. SCHURZ, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 53) to pay two companies of Oregon vol-
unteers, reported it with an amendment, and
submitted a report in writing; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD. I move that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands be discharged from
the further consideration of the bill (S. No.
178) granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the junc-
tion of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, in the
State of Missouri, to the boundary line between
the United States and Mexico, at or near the
Presidio del Norte, on the Rio Grande, in the
direction of the harbor of Altata, on the Gulf
of California, in the republic of Mexico, with
a branch from some point east of the ninety-
eighth degree of west longitude to the city of
Lawrence, in the State of Kansas; and that it
be referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. I have the permission of the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands to make
this motion.
The motion was agreed to.
donation of ordnance.
Mr. THAYER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 117)
authorizing the Secretary of War to place at
the disposal of Bridge's Battery Association,
at Chicago, Illinois, certain captured ordnance,
to report it baek without amendment; and as
it will occupy but a minute or two, I ask for
its consideration now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It authorizes and
directs the Secretary of War to place at the
disposal of the Bridge's Battery Association, at
Chicago, Illinois, ten captured twelve-pounder
guns of obsolete patterns, now condemned and
in store at the Rock Island arsenal, to be
placed around a large and beautiful lot in
Rosehill cemetery, at Chicago, Illinois.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear that
explained. The resolution does not state what
lot this is on which the cannon are to be
placed. „ ...
Mr. THAYER. For the burial of soldiers,
I understand. T
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that is the fact, i
have no objection; but the resolution does no
stftto it •
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the fact. It18
