4110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
June 6,
worn by these letter-carriers costs more than
any other suit of clothes that they would have
to wear if they were not required to.be uni-
formed. True, they are required to be uni-
formed ; but it is just as cheap a suit of clothes
as they can get of any other material or char-
acter.
Now, sir, I am opposed to all increase of
salaries of employes of this Government. I
have voted against all propositions for such
increase during the whole of this Congress, and
I shall do so to the end. There may be some
isolated cases where an increase is necessary,
but certainly it is not needed in these cases.
They worked for this salary when gold was
one hundred per cent, premium, and now,
when it is down to fifteen per cent, and every-
thing else is correspondingly low, we are asked
to increase the salaries of these parties. We
were asked to do it two years ago, and four
years ago, because of the necessaries of life
being so expensive, and notwithstanding the
necessaries of life have decreased in price, yet
we are called on to increase these salaries. I
hope the committee are not prepared to do
any such thing.
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. O'NEILL. I renew the amendment. I
think it would be better to have the rate of the
salaries of the letter-carriers fixed by law, and
not leave it to the discretion of postmasters.
I think if the salaries were fixed at a proper
rate it would be more to the satisfaction of the
carriers, and they would feel that their services
were better appreciated; hence they would per-
form their duties with more cheerfulness and
more to the advantage of the citizens.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do they not perform their
duties satisfactorily in Philadelphia?
Mr. O'NEILL. Of course; they are working
satisfactorily to the public, but not exactly to
themselves and their families. A man with a
family can scarcely live in Philadelphia on $800
a year and support himself and them in such a
way as a Philadelphian desires to bring up his
wife p,nd children and supply them with the
necessaries of life. The most of the carriers re-
ceive this minimum pay of $800. We do not
ex-peet men in public or private establishments
to do work for which they are not properly
paid.
. Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will you hear the bal-
ance of my question?
Mr. O'NEILL. No; I will let my colleague
[Mr. Myers] answer the questions which the
gentleman put to him. Gentlemen who do not
live in large commercial cities know nothing of
the labor performed by letter-carriers. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] knows
something of it; other gentlemen representing
that great metropolis know something of the
great labor performed by these officials. 1 know
a great deal about it, from coming in contact
with the letter-carriers and hearing from them
of the manner in which they are obliged to live
on their meager salaries. I do not hesitate to
press upon the committee the absolute neces-
sity of giving them more pay. The delivery
system is> so greatly for the convenience of
business men, and it necessarily involves so
much labor, that no one who is benefited by the
unrequited toil of the carriers but would say
that an increase of salary is just and proper,
and that the compensation of $1,200 a year
does no more than actually pay for the many
hours of every day's work accomplished by
constant attention to duty.
I say that a man who is obliged to work for
fourteen hours a day in such a responsible
position, in which honesty, intelligence, and
systematic industry are necessary, and without
cessation of labor, deserves more pay than
$800, $900, or even $1,000 a year, at the dis-
cretion of the postmaster. I say we should
give them adequate pay, at least $l,200ayear,
and then we will be doing nothing more than
rewarding properly men who in a marked de-
gree are engaged sill these hours absolutely for
the convenience of the public. Those of ns
who are representing the large cities fully
appreciate what we are asking in behalf of the
letter-carriers. We want the delivery system
perfected. In the number of collections and
deliveries it has reached almost the highest
perfection demanded where there are large
business interests. We have seen its invalu-
able advantages, and now ask that those who
contribute so much to its success, the carriers,
may be compensated for the great services
rendered by them.
My colleague from the first district, [Mr.
Randall,] 1 see, takes the same stand upon
this question as the rest of us .from Philadel-
phia, and thus the large population centered
within its limits is with entire unanimity seek-
ing for legislation which will fairly remunerate
the men now so poorly paid. Hereafter my
colleague [Mr. Myers] will submit a proposi-
tion for a sufficient appropriation to pay the
carriers for their uniforms. This would be the
means of benefiting them to the extent of
seventy-five or a hundred dollars, for the cost
of the suits they now pay for out of their lim-
ited salaries cannot be much less to each of
them annually than the above amounts, as they
must be decently clad and must be prepared
for all seasons of the year. I hope the Com-
mittee of the Whole will act in a spirit of jus-
tice in regard to this whole subject. The let-
ter-carriers do not solicit liberality, but ask
only that their salaries may be fixed at the
permanent rate which has been named already,
and with that amount of pay they can support
themselves and families, and purchase as now
required the distinctive uniforms worn by them.
I withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MYERS. A few words in reply to
what purports to be the argument of the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] and the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hotchkiss.]
To the gentleman from Missouri let me say
that a year ago forty-eight cities had this free-
delivery system. It is not confined to Phila-
delphia, where his vision always seems to bend
when he is striking for a decrease of salaries.
I think there are now fifty-two cities which
have the system in operation. However, he
and the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Hotcheiss] reason as was done the other day
by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Ferry.]
Can you not get other men to fill these places?
Have you ever heard of the resignation of any
of these letter-carriers ? Is there not some-
where somebody to whom we pay less ; and if
not, is it not best to degrade the others rather
than exalt these ? That is the burden of the
song we hear. I reply that the record shows
over three thousand postmasters resigned last
year, and there were numerous resignations
of letter-carriers. They cKng to their places
as long as they can do so and keep their families
from penury, or until they can succeed in get-
ting some better occupation. If other employes
get more I am not in favor of leveling them ; I
prefer to be just. In reply especially to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hotchkiss,]
I say a soldier costs the Government as much
as a letter-carrier gets, and little enough then.
A soldier receives what a letter-carrier does
not, rations and subsistence. We do not re-
quire a United States soldier to furnish his own
uniform or pay for it himself.
Now, the question before us is whether we
will fix in the law a sufficient compensation
for these letter-carriers, or whether we are
so mean that we will drive them to work
nearly double the number of hours that are
fixed by the Government as a day's labor for
navy-yards and arsenals, work of an arduous,
trying, and expensive character, as well as of
responsibility, requiring surety, for the con-
venience of the public, who recognize how
great that convenience is, and pay them less
for it than the poorest compensated of the
clerks in this city, whose work ends in six
hours, or the skilled mechanic, whose service
to the Government ends in eight hours.
Mr. Chairman, it is asserted the free deliv-
ery system is not a paying one. If it were not,
the convenience to the people would be worth
its whole cost; but in the large cities it does
pay for itself. In New York the drop letters
alone suffice to do this; but gentlemen make a
great mistake in supposing the only income
arising out of it is from that source. On page
18 of the Postmaster General's report you will
find that, exclusive of the increase in drop
letters, there were forty-six million two hun-
dred and fifty-four thousand and seventy mail
letters collected by these carriers in 1869 more
than in 1868, being twenty million letters more
than the letters of every kind collected in 1S68.
The one hundred and sixty-four carriers of
Philadelphia cost in 1869, including all ex-
penses, $159,828, of which sum the local
letters alone paid $82,656. In March of
the present year they collected six hundred
and ninety-five thousand nine hundred and
fifty mail letters, equivalent in receipts for the
whole year of $250,542. Allowing for a gain
in population, certainly four fifths of those
increased collections are due to the carriers;
and the receipts from the system in Philadel-
phia exceed its cost fully $120,000, a fair illus-
tration of its success and the advantages it
affords to the community, whether for social
or business correspondence. With this show-
ing I cannot appreciate the economy which
accepts the benefit and would meanly stint the
men to whom we owe so much.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
now rise for the purpose of obtaining from the
House an order to close debate on this para-
graph.
Mr. COX. I hope not.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I will ask unanimous
consent of the committee that all debate on the
pending paragraph shall cease in ten minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Say fifteen minutes.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I will say fifteen min-
utes.
No objection was made; and it was accord-
ingly agreed that debate on the pending para-
graph should terminate in fifteen minutes.
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. COX. I renew it, for the purpose of
calling the attention of members to this matter,
which does not look like a very important ques-
tion. On yesterday, while I was at my home
in the city of New York, a delegation of these
letter-carriers called on me and gave a simple,
plain, straightforward statemenrof their con-
dition. They told me conscientiously, I be-
lieve, how they were situated. They receive
from eight hundred to one thousand dollars a
year, and work from twelve to fourteen hours
a day. They are not in the condition of others
in the employ of the Government, especially
in the large cities, who work only eight hours
a day. They are men of character, men of
responsibility, and many of them men of fam-
ilies. They travel very often twenty miles a
day in delivering their letters in the city of New
York. That wears out a great deal of shoe-
leatlier, which costs a great deal now. Going
out in all weathers, as they do, they wear out
clothes very quickly. And in the city of New
York or the eity of Philadelphia they cannot
live on this small salary, whatever may be the
expense of living in Missouri.
Mr. DAWES. Is there any occupation a
man can follow in which he does not wear out
shoe-leather?
Mr. COX. I do not walk, and I know the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks]
does not walk, twenty miles every day ; nor
does he walk with the same rapidity or take
the same responsibility as a letter-carrier.
Mr. JUDD obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] allowed ten minutes for
