1870.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1279
a lot where soldiers are buried, and the sur-
vivors have erected a very beautiful monument
there, which they are about to dedicate, aud
these cannon are wanted to place around it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is all right.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendmen*, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
15II<LS INTRODUCED.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
544) for the improvement ot' the bar at the
mouth of the St. John's river, Florida; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, aud ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. 11. No. 127) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to restore to the
active list certain officers of the medical de-
partment ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 128) authorizing the issue of clothing
to certain enlisted men of the fourteenth regi-
ment of infantry ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtaiued, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 120) to correctly enroll section ten
of an act entitled "An act granting lands to
the State of Kansas to aid in the construction
of a southern branch of the Union Pacific
railway, and a telegraph from Fort Riley,
Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas ;" which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. NYE. I ask for its immediate consid-
eration. There were two words left out in
enrolling a bill 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better go
to a committee. It is a railroad matter.
Mr. NYE. It is not a railroad grant. I will
state to the Senator from Vermont what it is,
and it is perfectly palpable. Here I have the
enrolled bill and the law as published, and
there are two words left out in the clause
"approval by the President."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not time to look
at it now. I think it had better go to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. NYE. That will be the end of it.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
IRON-CLAD VESSELS.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate the number and character
of the iron-clad ships belonging to the Navy of the
United States, what they have cost, by whom de-
signed, by whatofficersofthe Navy their construction
haa been recommended, and what is their present
condition.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE,
Mr. WILSON. I should like to call up the
House bill relative to furnishing artificial limbs
to disabled soldiers.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will give way
I will move to proceed to the consideration of
the franking privilege bill.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will give way to that.
. Mr. RAMSEY. I move to take up for con-
sideration the bill abolishing the franking
privilege.
lhe motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
m in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. It. No. 986) to
aoolish the franking privilege; the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Drake
l0r^ie amendment of Mr. Sherman.
■the amendment of Mr. Sherman was to add
to the bill the following:
f nothing herein contained shall be construed
li«har>eai-or a^ect the existing laws allowing the pub-
rs ot weekly newspapers to send to each actual
subscriber.withm the county where their papers are
printed and published, one copy thereof free of
postage.
The amendment to the amendment was to
strike out all after the word "but" and insert:
This shall not be construed as repealing the pro-
visions in favor of publishers of newspapers and
periodicals, contained in the second section of the
act of August 30,1852, entitled " An act to amend the
act entitled 'An aet to reduce and modify the rates
of postage in the United States, and for other pur-
poses,' passed March 3,1S51."
Mr. NYE. The Senator who moved that
amendment is not in his seat.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can vote it down.
Mr. NYE. I think it is quite as well, if the
bill is to pass at all, to let these country papers
kiss the rod that afflicts them a little. They
have prayed for a king.
! Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to speak on this bill about twenty minutes.
Several Senators. Go on.
I Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, the bill for the abolition of the franking
privilege comes to us from the House evidently
having been pushed through in some haste if
, not heat. It will be a great personal relief to '
I Senators, and there is, I think, no doubt of !
! the concurrence of the Senate now, or a month
j hence, in taking away this privilege from deputy
! postmasters and members of Congress; but
there is no reason why it should be done in a
passion. It is crude and disjointed legislation ;
that does one thing to-day which will prove a
positive nuisance unless something else be done |
to-morrow. The prudent man does not tear j
down his old dwelling until he has provided a j
new place of shelter. It is unstatesmanlike to !
repeal an important law which is to change an
important and long-standing usage of the Gov- I
ernment and people beforeyou have even con-
sidered as to what shall be substituted for that j
law. The House may have acted upon the plan -
of giving the Postmaster General an over-dose i
ofhisown medicine; Idonotsaythey did; but j
whether they did or not, it is the duty of the j
Senate to treat both the subject and the Post- |
master General fairly. He is a live officer,
aiming at some reforms, and, so far as our
judgment can follow, we ought to aid him, even
though he may have committed some mistakes.
It is not becoming in the Senate to act in any
case without that cool deliberation which shows
they fully comprehend what results are to flow
from their action. The House seems to have
designed to strike the law a stunning blow,
scattering its brains in all directions, regard-
less of all injuries. It seems to me that the
work can be done with less dash and in a way
less likely to offend the public conscience. We
cannot afford to effect even what is called a
great reform in & small way. The programme
of the Postmaster Geueral included something
more than the mere abolition of franks; it con-
templated wholesome provisions, at least pro-
visions of some sort, as to the necessities of
his own and all the other Executive Depart-
ments. Let us, then, treat the subject liberally,
comprehensively.
It has been my purpose to vote for any bill
that may be finally agreed upon, not because I
expect that it will of itself save any large
amount to the Treasury, for I do not see how
it can, but because I believe we can afterward
better effect a salutary reform as to the print-
ing and distribution ofpublic documents ; such
a measure as that proposed by the resolution
introduced by myself a year ago, and which
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Printing has already indicated his purpose
to bring forward at an early day. If these
documents can be limited to the actual wauts
of the Government and such extra copies as
may be called for by those who desire them
at the prime cost of printing and paper, we
shall relieve the Treasury ot" a considerable
burden and take a step in the true direction of
placing our people on aproper equality. Under
our present system there is no possibility of
distributing a valuable document to a hun-
dredth part of those who would receive it
gladly, and who may, perhaps, justly claim as
much personal merit as those to whom it may
be sent. Modest men only rarely ask for these
documents; but there are others, and especially
boys, who have completed that part of their
education which enables them to write letters,
| who deluge members of Congress for every-
thing that can be stamped '• Free, pub. doc."
I do not blame them, although it is a diversion
of the object. The system is at fault. When
we have corrected this, public libraries, and
men who feel the need of any public docu-
ment, will still be able to supply all theirwant.s
; at a very inconsiderable price. This is a real
, reform which I despair of seeing accomplished
until the franking privilege has been at least
temporarily abolished. Then members will
have time, if they have the capacity, to do
something more for their constituents than to
i show a profound knack in the free disposal of
the works published by Government.
The course indicated lias been pursued by
different European Governments and found to
, operate admirably.
1. But in carrying out this reform let us not
forget that our people both read and think.
They are accustomed to the cheap dissemina-
tion of political information. To deprive them
of it is to diminish the capacity of those whose
edicts we all obey to govern the country with
the highest amount of intelligence. We may
, make a present to the Postmaster General of
\ our franking privilege and yet insult the peo-
; pie by accompanying it with a petty postage tax
1 on the local circulation of county newspapers.
This, it seems to me, is a useless affront, and
calculated to give advantages to the metropol-
itan press which it does not seek and ought
not to have.
; 2. Nor ought we for a moment to erect any
barriers against the right of petition. In its
broadest sense that should be free. It would
, be a foul reproach if, under our form of gov-
ernment, that sacred right should have less
consideration than under an aristocratic form
of government. When the British Parliament
abolished their franking privileges they ex-
pressly excepted " petitions or addresses to
her Majesty or either House of Parliament."
Shall we do less? Shall Congress be more
inaccessible 7 1 cannot sympathize with the
idea that the petitions coming in for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege, even though with-
out a spontaneous origin, ought to have been
subjected to the prepayment of postage. The
people have as much right, and they ought to
have more, to send their petitions free to Sen-
ators and Representatives as any other com-
munications. If not, why not?
3. There may be some one or more persons
still living to whom the franking privilege his
been granted by special act of Congress. Ex-
Presidents have usually had that courtesy
extended to them, as 1 think it was to Presi-
dent Fillmore. If so, any act withdrawing it
would appear rather ungracious, and, except
for some grave reason, generous deeds should
not be recalled. The heart of a great nation
would scorn the act.
4. The General Post Office Department should
also have, as should all the other Executive
Departments, the right to send and receive all
official letters and documents absolutely free,
including the large foreign correspondence of
the State Department. The Government is a
unit, and there is no more reason in favor of
free matter for one than another. There will
be no additional cost of transportation, and it
would be the merest child's play to make
appropriations, as we should have to make
them, to pay the Post Office Department for
postages which really cost the Post Office
Department nothing, and which in the Treasury
balance sheet could not fail to figure as largely
on the debit side as on the credit side. This
subject requires especial study, and the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads ought
"not to jump it over, expecting any more con-
