4X12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
of letter-carriers, to be provided by the Gov-
ernment, §100,000."
Mr. Chairman, if I can have the attention
of the House I desire to say a few words in
support of my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I submit-that debate is closed.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to
speak on the amendment. Debate on this para-
graph has closed.
Mr. MYERS. I offer it as a new paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the Com-
mittee of the Whole debate is closed on the
pending paragraph. If such an order could be
evaded by offering an amendment as a new
paragraph, debate would go on indefinitely.
Mr. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent to
say a few words on the amendment.
Several members objected.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to offer it as
a new paragraph to come in at the end of the
section, or is debate on this to be entirely cut off ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can offer
his amendment at the end of the bill, and it
can then be entertained and debated, if other-
wise in order.
Mr. MYERS. Since I cannot have discus-
sion upon it, I withdraw the amendment for the
present.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
by adding after line nineteen the words "but
no part of said sum shall be expended for pay
of letter-carriers in cities of less than forty
thousand inhabitants."
The question was put on Mr. Fartjsworth's
amendment; and there were, on a division—
ayes 58, noes SO ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Farnsworth and Mr. Dawes
were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 61, noes 57.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I move to strike out the
whole paragraph; and on that motion I call
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Schenck and
Mr. Stevenson" were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes 62.
So the motion to strike out the paragraph
•was not agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move that the committee do
now rise. It is almost five o'clock, and there
is an evening session.
Mr. DAWES. No, no; let us go on and
finish the bill.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my motion.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
For pay of blank agents and assistants, $8,000.
No amendment was offered to this paragraph.
Mr. MYERS. Before the next paragraph
is read, I move to insert, as a paragraph to come
in after the one just adopted, "foruniforms of
letter-carriers, to be provided by the Govern-
ment, 5100,000."
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a point of order.
I 'submit.that that is not in order, because it
is independent legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
understand that this is independent legislation.
It is simply an appropriation.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
that the appropriation proposed by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is not authorized by
any existing law.
Mr. MYERS. I have the law here which
authorizes it.
Mr. DAWES. Then let us hear it.
Mr. MYERS. It will be found in 15 Statutes-
at-Large, page 197. I send it to the desk to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Sec. 20. And be it further enacted. That the Post-
master General is hereby authorized to prescribe a
uniform dress to be worn by the letter-carriers at the
several free-delivery offices, and that any person not
connected with this branch of the serviee who shall
wear the uniform that may be prescribed in accord-
ance herewith shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and being convicted thereof, shall, for every
such offense, "be fined not more than $100, or impris-
oned not more than six months, or both, in the dis-
cretion of the court before whieh such conviction
shall be had."
Mr. DAWES. Under that law the letter-
carrier is to furnish his own uniform.
Mr. MYERS. No, sir.
Mr. DAWES. There never has been a dol-
lar appropriated for furnishing such a uniform.
Mr. MYERS. No ; but I propose there shall
be Such an appropriation, in pursuance of the
law authorizing the uniform to be established.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. MYERS. I hope I may be heard on it!
Mr. WELKER. I call the gentleman to
order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For mail depredations and special agents, 8125,000.
For postage stamps and envelopes, 8520,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to add to this para-
graph the following:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall
bo expended for stamped envelopes beyond a tem-
porary supply, sufficient for use till the 1st day of
October next, except to carry out contracts hereafter
to be made with the lowest bidder, according to law,
upon samples to be furnished by the Postmaster
General.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say that that pro-
viso is introduced by the committee because
they have found some irregularities in the let-
ting of contracts heretofore, which did not at
all reflect upon the integrity and fidelity of the
Postmaster General; and he acquiesces in the
propriety of new contracts.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For advertising, $40,000: Provided, That no part
of the sum shall be paid to any paper published in
the District of Columbia, except for advertising mail
routes in Virginia and Maryland.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to offer an
amendment to that clause. I move to strike
out the word "except" where it occurs, and
to insert it after the words " mail routes so
that the proviso will read:
Provided, That no part of the sum shall be paid
to any paper published in the District of Columbia
for advertising mail routes, except in Virginia and
Maryland.
We do not want any other kind of advertis-
ing either.
The question-was taken on the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For post-route maps, $16,000.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move to amend
that clause by striking out "$16,000" and
inserting "$20,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Srcc. 2. And be it further enacted. That the follow-
ing sums, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for the
ye*i.r ending June 30, 1871, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, namely:
For steamship service between San Francisco,
Japan, and China, 6500,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does that include the
route between San Francisco and the Sandwich
Islands?
Mr. DAWES. It is by way of the Sandwich
Islands.
The Clerk read as follows :
For steamship service between the United States
and Brazil, $150,000.
For steamship service between San Francisco and
the Sandwich Islands, 4/5,000.
Mr. H'OLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I believe points of order were reserved on this
bill. I submit that that last appropriation for
steamship service between San Francisco and
the Sandwich Islands is not authorized by any
existing law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, yes, it is; it is
in the old law.
Mr. AXTELL. There is a law now in exist-
ence authorizing this service.
Mr. SARGENT. Service has been done on
this line for some time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought it was a new
subsidy,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that there is a law authorizing this appropri-
ation.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
do now rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cul-
lom reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, having, according to
order, had under consideration the state of the
Union generally, and particularly the bill (H.
R. No. 773) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 80th of June, 1871, hafl
directed him to report the same to the House
with amendments, and with the recommend-
ation that it be passed.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous question
on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTRACTS FOR SERVILE LABOR.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2168) to prohibit
contracts for servile labor ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee. on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider belaid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The House has, by unan-
imous 'consent, agreed to meet this evening
as in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Unionfor debate on the President's annual
message, no business whatever of any kind to
be transacted ; and the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Arxkll] will occupy the chair.
Mr. DAWES. At what time does the House
meet to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. When the House adjourns
to-night it will adjourn to meet at eleven
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. I move, then, that the House
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and two minutes p. m.) the
House took a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House, pursuant to order, reassembled
at seven and a half o'clock p. m., Mr. Arnell
in the chair as Speaker pro tempore, and re-
sumed the consideration, as in Committee of
the Whole, of the President's annual message.
RESTORATION OS GEORGIA.
Mr.DOX. Mr.Speaker, what it is my purpose
to say to-night Will be in execution of a purpose
formed shortly after the passage through this
House of the bill for the restoration of Georgia
to the place in the Union so long denied to that
State. It was my purpose to have delivered
the remarks I shall now make upon the occa-
sion of the consideration of the amendments
made by the Senate to that .bill. It is not
