5056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
they were purchased, according to the terms
of the law under which they were issued. I
do not know that in the history of this ques-
tion, as to the money in which the bonds shall
be paid, the question has ever been so fairly
presented as it is by ray proposition. The
proposition of the committee is that these five-
twenty bonds, as they become due, shall be
paid in coin. My proposition is, that as the
bonds shall become due from time to time they
shall be paid at par in United States notes, the
lawful money in which, by the terms of the law,
these bonds were to be paid. It presents the
simple questiou whether we shall pay the bonds
accordingto thecontract wehavemade, accord-
ing to the law under which the bonds were
issued, or shall we pay them in gold—a far
more valuable money? I insist that no prop-
osition is clearer than that these bonds are
fairly and justly payable in lawful money; the
lawful money authorized to be issued by the
act of February 27, 1862, the same law which
authorized the issue of these five-twenty bonds.
That law provided that greenbacks should be
received in payment of all debts, public and pri-
vate, except the interest on the public debt and
duties on imports.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Suppose greenbacks
are at par?
Mr. HOLMAN. This could only result from
the reduction of the volume of the United States
notes, and thus an increase of their value 
Mr. ALLISON. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman that instead of converting these bonds
into greenbacks he should modii'y his amend-
ment so as to provide for paying off the bonds
in coin, according to the scaling process which
he proposed yesterday.
Mr. HOLMAN. The result is just the same.
You agreed to pay these bonds in lawful money,
greenbacks. The people did not contract to
pay them in gold. There never has been a
gentleman on this floor who ha3 presented even
a plausible argument to justify the payment of
the five-twenty bonds in any other money than
the lawful money authorized by the act of 18G2,
known throughout the country as greenbacks.
The argument that these bonds should be
paid in coin is simply an argument which springs
out of the natural rapacity of capital and its
determination to control the affairs of this, as
it has done of all other countries. The ques-
tion here is between the just rights of the peo-
ple on the one hand and the demands of
concentrated capital on the other.
The "old commoner" of Pennsylvania, as
gentlemen delighted to call Thaddeus Stevens,
who for so many years was at the head of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and who was at
its head when these bonds and the greenbacks
were issued, and who so bravely and honor-
ably filled that post, was no truckler to wealth,
either centralized or diffused; he was a man
who, at least, always stood honestly by his prin-
ciples and by what he believed to be right,
without regard to the clamors of men eager to
promote their own interest at the expense of
their country. He told the House over and
over again, and no man knew the history of
these measures better than ho did, that these
bonds were by the law payable in lawful money,
in greenbacks, and that there was not even a
plausible argument that they wore payable in
any other money.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman proposes
to pay the bonds in greenbacks; what does ho
propose to pay the greenbacks in?
Mr. HOLMAN. The greenbacks are money,
and they will come in the Treasury fast enough.
Greenbacks have been declared to be lawful
money, and I am astonished at the terms made
use of by gentlemen here, as though the green-
backs that carried us through the war, the
greenbacks with which we pay pensions to
die wives of our dead soldiers, and to their
fatherless children, were mere promises to pay.
These greenbacks were declared to be lawful
money, and a legal tender in the payment of
all debts, public and private, excepting inter-
est on the bonds and duties on imports. I
assume, therefore, that the question the gen-
tleman puts is the merest evasion. When our
debt is extinguished it will be an easy matter
to reduce the redundant currency down to that
necessary to reach a gold standard. AH I
claim is that Congress owes it, as a matter of
good faith to the people, that these bonds should
be paid off honestly and justly, just as we
agreed to pay them, in lawful money—lawful
money authorized by the same law that author-
ized the bonds. I do not propose any unrea-
sonable inflation of the currency. I would not
inflate it to anything near the extent of its
inflation during the war, for this is not neces-
sary to enable us to meet this debt and pay it
off without oppressingthe labor of the country.
I desire to present that question fairly. I
ask the vote of the House upon the question
whether the people are to be compelled to pay
the outstanding bonds in a more valuable
money than they agreed to pay them in, or
whether they shall pay off those bonds accord-
ing to the terms of the contract under which
they were issued. There is an ancient precept
pronouncing a blessing upon the head of the
man who swears to his own hurt and changes
not. The bondholders received these bonds
under a contract to receive payment of them
in lawful money, to receive greenbacks in pay-
ment of them. It was a just and equal contract.
The Government sold the bonds for greenbacks
and agreed to pay them in the same money.
This was the contract, and I insistupon it that
the people can rightfully be called upon only
to fulfill the terms of the contract. I have said
all this while I regard gold and silver the com-
mon currency and measure of value through-
out the world as the better money, and when
this great debt shall bo brought within our con-
trol, so that it shall cease to oppress the indus-
try of the country, I shall be glad to see gold
and silver restored as the standard of value
and common currency of our country ; but, sir,
I am not willing that the burden of this great
debt, great and oppressive even if paid on the
basis on which it was made, shall be rendered far
more oppressive by yielding to the unwarrant-
able demands of the holders of the bonds. Sir,
I ask for the people, in the payment of this
debt, even-handed justice, nothing more.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. In the confusion which
prevails here, and at the distance which I am
from the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hoi,-
man,] I have been unable to follow bis argu-
ment. I heard his amendment, however, and
I think I can imagine the argument he ha3
made in its support. His amendment is an
old acquaintance. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is simply
a proposition to provide for the payment of
the five-twenty bonds in lawful money, in cur-
rency, in United States notes, instead of in
coin. Tt is an attempt to revive the old question
whether we are under obligation to pay these
five-twenty bonds in the money of the world,
in dollars as "dollars" were always under-
stood ; or whether we may provide expressly
for paying them in some other currency, in
some other substitute for that money which
we, calling it lawful money, may provide in
this country. Now, if there were no other
objection, even if I believed with thegentleman
from Indiana that there was any doubt upon
this subject, or that it was not the original in-
tention in good faith to pay the five-twenty
bonds, as the Secretary of the Treasury and
the agents of the Government promised they
should be paid when those bonds were issued,
in coin, in the money of the world—if I be-
lieved that, even, I should feel myself estopped
from setting up any such pretension now in
order to get rid of our obligations, when I
consider what Congress has done upon that
subjcct.
The very first act passed at its first session
by the Forty-First Congress, the first law
ever signed by the present President of the
United States, was "an act to strengthen the
public credit." And the reading of that act,
it seems to me, is an answer to all that the gen-
tleman has said or may say upon that partic-
ular point. It is by that law provided—
"That in order to remove any doubt as to the pur-
pose of the Government to discharge all just obliga-
tions to the public creditors, and to settleconflieting
questions and interpretations of the laws by virtue
of which such obligations have been contracted, it is
hereby provided and declared that the faith of the
United States is solemnly pledged to the payment in
coin or its equivalent of all the obligations of the
United States not bearing interest, known as United
States notes, and of all the interest-bearing obliga-
tions of tho United States, except in cases where the
law authorizing the issue of any such obligation has
expressly provided that the same may be paid in
lawful money or other eurroncy than gold and silver."
Mr. WOODWARD. Will tho gentleman
permit me to ask him a question at this point?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Scheme] whether the excep-
tion he has just read does not leave this ques-
tion in regard to the act of 1802 precisely as
it was before tho law of March, 1869, was
passed?
Mr. SCHENCK. I never believed that in
common honesty this act of March, 1869, was
necessary. But 1 do not admit that it leaves
the question exactly as it was before. Here
are two contracting parties; the one has issued
bonds, but has not expressly stipulated in terms
that the principal of those bonds may be pay-
able in lawful money, in nothing else than gold
and silver. Disputes arise between the party
issuing the bonds, or some of those who seek
to represent that party, and tho holders of the
bonds. In that state of facts the party issuing
tho bonds, the party to tho contract on that
side, comes forward aud volunteers to put his
own construction upon the contract, and to say
that he never meant or desired and will never
attempt to enforce any other construction of
the law than that which is claimed by the party
of the other side, and recognizes the right of
the party of the other side to have coin for the
five-twenty bonds, thus sweeping away all ob-
jections of this kind. I say that the worst, the
meanest, the foulest of all possible repudiation
would be for the Forty-First Congress now to
undertake to ignore and trample upon its own
first act of legislation.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me one more question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly; two, if the
gentleman wishes.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the judgment of the
Supreme Court should be that under the act
of 1862 these bonds are required to be paid in
greenbacks, then does not the gentleman ad-
mit that they are not affected by this later act?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I admit no such
thing. I hold that the Government of tho
United States is just as competent to contract
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania is or ever
has been since he was twenty-one years of age.
I hold that the Government is fully competent
to put a construction upon its own obligations,
is fully competent to waive any of its rights.
If I admitted to the fullest extent that prior to
the act of March 18, 1869, there was doubt
upon this subject, as I never did believe there
was upon any fair construction, looking over
the whole ground, and taking into considera-
tion all the action of the Government; if I
admitted that to the fullest extent, I would
still hold that we are now estopped from setting
up any such plea, because we have ourselves
by law waived any right to raise any such
question with the public creditors. We have
clearly, plainly, distinctly written down in the
law, as if it were engraved upon the very face
of the bond itself, our own understanding of
our obligations. Since that time every transac-
tion in these bonds, every purchase of them,
has been made upon the faith of that legisla-
tion construing our former legislation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
the SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment..
