1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5051
Mr. WOODWARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. Mr.
Speaker, whether under the act of 1862 green-
backs were a lawful currency for the payment
of the bonds is a question on which I differ from
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sohesck.] It
is a question which must be decided by the
courts of the country, but it is one about which
I have never had personally a particle of diffi-
culty or doubt. I believe any judicial authority
in the land will decide, as Mr. Stevens, Sen-
ator Morton, and other distinguished public
men have declared, that so clear was the
phraseology, so obvious the intention, that it
would be, in the language of Mr. Stevens, a
public crime to take the people's money to pay
in gold a debt which the creditor has agreed
should be paid in greenbacks. I believe the
question to be perfectly clear upon the text
of the law of 1862.
Mr. BANKS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman one question. How is it possible the
courts can decide these bonds are not payable
in gold when they were sold for that which the
Government received as gold, in express lan-
guage ?
Mr. WOODWARD. That is the old ques-
tion in another form. The act which I have
before me, and of which I believe the gentleman
from Ohio was the author, founds itself upon
the very text of the act of 1862; and it ex-
pressly excepts from its operation all those
loans which by the law creating them were
made payable in something else than coin. The
gentleman read that exception; and at that
point I put my question; but the gentleman,
u little less frank than I expected, would not
quite admit that if the act of 1862 were to be
construed as Mr. Stevens construed it, then
this later act did not affect it. He did not
quite admit that; and yet the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] with
whom I had a dispute on this point in this
House a few weeks ago, did admit that dis-
tinctly, after comparing the two acts.
Mr. HOAR. When did I admit that?
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman dis-
tinctly admitted upon a comparison of the act
of 1862 with this act of March, 1869, that if
the construction for which I contend is the
true construction of the aet of 1862, then this
act of 1869 leaves the question entirely open—
does not affect it at all. Such I understood to
be the admission of the gentleman, and it is,
indeed, a most necessary and inevitable con-
clusion. Doubtless the debtor may bind him-
self by a subsequent act to pay in a better
currency than that which he originally agreed
to pay; but as a question of fact, has the Gov-
ernment done so in this case? That is to be
determined from the phraseology of the law ;
and that phraseology excepts the very case in
hand. The words are, "except in cases where
the law authorizing the issue of any such obli-
gation has expressly provided that the same
may be paid in lawful money or other currency
than gold and silver." The gentleman em-
phasizes the words "expressly provided."
Well, sir, the act of 1862 did expressly pro-
vide that the five-twenties should be payable
in "lawful money or other currency than gold
and silver." The discussion is thus forccd
back upon the meaning of the act of 1862.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I say, and I have said it
elsewhere, that there is nobody in the country
competent to serve as a juror, apart from po-
litical excitements, who can have any doubt
on the meaning of the phraseology in question.
I have this morning gone over it, and apply-
ing to it the rules of English grammar 1 say
there is not an English schoolmaster who
could find the least ground for doubt. Mr.
Stevens said that it would be a public crime
to misconstrue it. I do not go so far as that;
but 1 say that if it be possible for a legislative
hotly to'express the legislative intent in intel-
ligent English, they have done it in the act of
1862, in which they have declared that "green-
backs" shall be lawful money, and that these
41st Cong. 2r> Sess.—No. 317.
bonds, as to principal, shall be paid in lawful
money, and as to interest, shall be paid in
coin. They have distinguished between paper
money, which is a lawful currency, and coin,
both for the purposes of payment and as to the
objects to which they are to be applied. The
interest on the bonds and the duties on imports
are to be paid in coin, but all other debts,
public and private, are to be paid in lawful
money. Such is the act of 1862. No school-
master, I repeat, no grammarian, no judge,
no statesman can make these words read so as
to exclude greenbacks as the medium of pay-
ment of the principal of the bonds. If it be
possible for a legislative body to express its
intent in the English language it is done in
ihis act.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, that is pre-
cisely what I think. If it be possible to ex-
press in the English language that which
"crushes out" every pretense of argument on
the part of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodward] it has been done here; but
he has found it convenient in his argument to
dodge the word "expressly." He has found
it convenient to slur that word. He has found
it convenient to shut his eyes to that. It is the
act of March 18, 1869, and is one of the most
prominent ideas put forward by that solemn
legislation of this very Congress.
But before I speak of that word let me go
back so far as to say this: if there were time
1 would not care for one moment nor shrink
from tjjie necessity of being drawn back to the
old argument whether these bonds were pay-
able in "greenbacks " or not; for I think the
strength of the argument always was with those
who were for keeping the public faith by pay-
ing in the coin known to the world. I admit
there was something plausible in some of the
arguments submitted. I admit statements
were made by the former chairman of the com-
mittee, of which I now happen to be the head,
upon which they founded statements of this
kind. His statements were contradicted by
the statements of his colleagues on that com-
mittee at the time. In fact, it was denied by
all those who were contemporaneous 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was there any claim
made different from his?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
By whom?
By Mr. Spaulding and
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
Mr. SCHENCK.
others.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
Mr. SCHENCK.
field] and others.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
Mr. SCHENCK.
What did they saj'?
My colleague [Mr. Gar-
What did they say ?
What were the facts?
"It is hereby provided," says the law, "and
declared that the faith of the United States is
solemnly pledged to the payment in coin, or its
equivalent, of all the obligations of the United
States," and then it goes on, "except in eases
whereby the law authorizing the issue of any
such obligation it is expressly provided that the
same may be paid in lawful money or in other
currency than gold and silver." These five-
twenty bonds were in that category. There is
that language used in order to sweep away all
these doubts and to settle all these conflicting
interpretations of law. And when the gentle-
man so glibly talks about no lawyer, no states-
man, no person putting any other construction
than he does upon the law, going back to the
old conflict about the interpretation of the law,
I will not say he plays the pettifogger, but he
finds it convenient to slur over and keep out
of sight the most potent words in this law, the
payment shall be in coin, unless expressly
otherwise provided.
Mr. WOOD WAIID. Itis expressly provided.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman stand
here and say that it was expressly provided?
It is provided according to the far-letched inter-
pretation of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
and others that they may be paid m green-
backs. But as we are making assertions—and
all I can do is to meet assertion with assertion,
where there does not appear to be any argu-
ment—I say there is no man having any regard
for the meaning of the English language who
can have the face, it seems to me, to claim that
in the law as it existed prior to 1869 there was
any express provision for the payment of these
bonds in other money than gold and silver.
Mr. WOODWARD. 1 ask the gentleman's
leave to read to him the law. I will not say a
word. I wish merely to read what I say is
expressly provided.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not care whether it
was written down ten thousand times in such
a way as to be ambiguous, if that ambiguity is
removed by this act. All the construction
needed to be given is given. Whether you
call it by waiver, by assent, by consent, by
direct legislation, or in whatever other light
you regard it, the ambiguity is removed by this
act of March, 1869, by which the United States
puts its own interpretation aud construction
upon its own laws, and gives up any pretext
or pretense that will claim anything as against
the holders of the public securities.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JUDD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment as a substitute for the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask sufficient time
to read the statute which I have referred.
The SPEAKER. Debate on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
max] and on the amendment to the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. WOODWARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment, and shall take the
first opportunity 1 can get to read the extract
from the statute.
Mr. J UDD. I offer the following amend-
ment, as a substitute for the ameudment of the
gentleman from Indiana:
In lines three and four, section four, strike out
these words, " which, in his opinion and discretion,
can be conveniently applied to that purpose," and
insert the words "derived under the provisions of
this act."
If I construe this section aright—and I ask
the chairman of the committee to correct me
if I am in error—if this bill should become a
law next week, the Secretary of the Treasury,
without having disposed of a solitary bond as
provided in this act, without having received a
solitary deposit of coin as provided in the
other sections, is enabled, according to the
phraseology of this bill, to take the coin de-
rived from customs to pay for the five-twenty
bonds ; not selling them as he is now selling
them for currency, greenbacks, and other out-
standing obligations—hut to take coin and pay
it for the five-twenty bonds at par. If I am
mistaken in that construction I would like to
have the chairman of the committee explain
it. I should be very glad to find that I am
mistaken. If that is the legal effect of the
language here used, then 1 insist upon it that
that power to pay coin for five-twenty bonds
shall be limited to the coin provided for in
carrying out the operation of this bill.
Mr. VOOIUIEES obtained the floor, and
yielded a portion of his time to
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to read in the
presence of the House the text of the law of
1862, which has created some discussion. The
gentleman from Ohio says that the gold bill
of 1868 excepts those cases which are expressly
provided for by statute. If, therefore, I can
show that this is a case expressly provided for
by statute, the case is against that gentleman.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask that the
extract shall be read by the Clerk, so that it
may be heard by the whole House.
The Clerk read as follows :
Aiul provided farther, That the amount of the two
kinds of notes together shall at no time exceed the
sum of 6150,000,000, and such notes hot-em authorized
shall bo receivable in payment of alt taxes, internal
duties, excises debts, and demands of every kind
due to the United States, exo-jpt duties oa imports,
and of all claims and demands against thellnited
States of every kind whatsoever, except for interest
upon bonds and notes, which shall bo paid in coin;
