1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4113
necessary for me to say to you, sir, or to any one
now present, that causes beyond my control
have prevented the action of this House and
the action of the other branch of Congress upon
that subject, now so long unjastly deferred.
Mr. Speaker, what I conceive to be the true
theory of the relation to the Union which is
sustained by the several States under the Con-
stitution, which was made to perfect and to
perpetuate that Union, compels me to deny,
on the one hand, that any State can voluntarily
withdraw from that Union, and, on the other,
to assert that no just authority exists anywhere
to exclude any State from the Union for a day
or for a single hour.
Such exclusion, if enforced against a State,
is wrong not only to the excluded State, but
is, as I believe, in violation of the Constitu-
tion.
When, therefore, Georgia applied on a for-
mer occasion for a recognition of her right to
representation in Congress I voted for such rec-
ognition without condition or qualification of
any kind. A like vote I gave in the case of
Viiginia, and in the cases of Mississippi and
Texas. As I voted for the recognition of the
unqualified right of Georgia to representation
in Congress on a former occasion, so I shall
vote at this time.
It will not be my purpose, Mr. Speaker, in
the remarks to which I am about to invite the
attention of members, to confine myself to
the legal proposition of the right of the State
of Georgia to be represented in Congress.
Following the line of remark already pursued
on this subject both here and in the Senate, I
shall, with your permission and that of the
House, endeavor to show from my information
of the real dispositions of the people of the
South, and particularly of that State for which
I claim a right to speak, that no cause exists
which is founded in justice or good sense for
treating any one of the southern States—
whether it be Georgia or Tennessee or Ala-
bama—in a manner different from our treat-
ment of every other State.
I propose, therefore, to speak in the inter-
est of the State of Georgia and of the people
of the State which I have the honor in part to
represent. In so speaking, I shall say^ what
I conscientiously believe to be conservative of
the rights of every State and of the people of
every State of that Union which I have ever
sought to maintain. It was truly said by one
of the sternest and most faithful of the early
advocates of free government " that an assault
against the liberty of one citizen should be
rebuked as an assault against the liberties of
every citizen." With equal truth may it be
said that whatever, under a constitutional Gov-
ernment, impairs the rights of any member of
that Government, not only threatens to im-
pair but is a direct blow which strikes at the
rights of all the members of such Government.
So, likewise, in a union ot equal States, hav-
ing rights guarantied by the sanctions of a
written constitution, whatever of wrong or ot
injustice is done to one of those States, no
matter under what pretense, must be regarded
not only as violative of the constitution, which
is the common shield of all, but as a deadly
assault against the very life of each in whatever
makes the definition of a free State.
Perhaps, for this statement of what were
once respected as aphorisms of freedom the
only commentary in some quarters may be
expressed by a smile of derision, and, possibly,
of contempt. Many minds are so constituted
that the baser passions, when habitually in-
dulged, will become so strongly interwoven in
the very texture and frame of thought a,3 to
corrupt and debase, and finally enslave it, so
that, like the distorted vision of the eye which
can see only obliquely the objects before it, it
will accept no truth however valuable, but will
spurn alike, as no longer worthy of respect,
the wisest maxims and the best lessons
which have been learned in those long strug-
gles by which was won whatever is worthy ot
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 258.
the name of freedom, whether applied to Gov-
ernments or to peoples. But it is the reckless
and the indifferent who most need the admoni-
tions of danger. Disobedience, the synonym
of sin, in its largest sense is but the viola-
tion of law, whether human or divine, and is
ever stimulated by repetition until strangled
in the clutch of the vices to which it has given
birth, it perishes in the catastrophe of a base
and ignoble ruin.
The analogies of nature and of morals are
replete with illustration of the truth that no
wrong, however specious its disguises, will be
permitted to continue so long that it. will not
at some time be adequately redressed. There
is no doctrine better supported than that which
insists on compensation for injury and retribu-
tion for evil. It is the doctrine of individual
sponsibility, and it is, as I conceive, appli-
cable to all men in their largest aggregation,
however expressed by the simplest forms of
society or fortified by the powers which com-
bine to make Governments. We may excuse
ourselves for wrongs inflicted on others by the
imputation of unworthiness, or even of crime,
against those whom we select as the victims
of torture. Disregarding the lessons of char-
ity, which are alike the inculcations of wisdom
and of just policy, we may hesitate at no ex-
treme of rigorous and relentless penalty until
we ourselves in punishing wrong may outstrip
by our own offenses those of which we are the
unappeasable if not the authorized avengers.
Because the penalty of death may be justly
denounced against the most heinous crimes
none can justly claim that such penalty can be
rightly applied when preceded by protracted and
ingenious torture. All lawful human powers
have their limits, justly and strictly defined, if
not by law, by the common conscience and by
the judgment of enlightened minds. Those
just limits are exceeded, as well by persistence
in the imposition of penalties as by their sever-
ity. "Whip me, if I deserve it," says the school-
boy ; "but then stop, and give me a chance to
do better." This is every true man's sense of
justice, rightly administered. A disregard of
the rale, so well founded, which it suggests
will always make a revolt in the human heart.
It will do more; it will excuse such revolt.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I appeal to the Repre-
sentatives of the people, in whose presence I
stand; nay, I go further, and I appeal to the
people who make up the great and intelligent
constituencies of these Representatives, and I
ask them whether there has not been in the
past legislation of the country, so far as the
same has sought by persistent, protracted, and
ever-varying penalties, to punish the great
offense of the late rebellion maintained by
many people residing in different States of the
Union, a great deal which would not bear the
test of the just rules I have endeavored to ex-
press? Is there not, I ask, in the spirit of
malice and hate which not here, so far as I
know, bat in quarters which imperiously seek
to influence the legislation of the country, very
much which, if listened to, will vindicate the
justice and the truth of what I have spoken?
For more than fifteen years I have lived in the
State which Ihavethe honorin part to represent.
When I first went among the people of Ala-
bama I was received by them with all that cor-
dial and generous hospitality which is ever
most grateful to the heart of a stranger. I was
welcomed as one who was entitled to be recog-
nized as an equal among them in the pursuit
of whatever is worth winning of character and
of honors in life. Never anywhere before in my
experience, or under my observation, had I
received or seen more ot kindness and gen-
erous treatment unreservedly extended by any
people to one unheralded by large reputa-
tion or by reputation of any kind beyond that
which an honest man ever carries with him,
even though unaided by adventitious supports.
I went to my then new home with the opin-
ions, the habits, and perhaps with some of the
prejudices of the people among whom I was
born and with whom I had been reared. Not
one of those opinions did I hesitate to express
in every proper way; not one of my habits, so
far as they determined my personal deport-
ment, did I circumscribe or restrain; not a
prejudice, if I had prejudices, did I surrender.
Educated in Democratic principles, though
not always a member of the Democratic party,
I avowed those principles. Taught to regard
the Union of the States, and its maintenance
by all the powers which could be exercised
within the just limitations of the Constitution
as the great conservator of peace and hap-
piness to the whole country, I proclaimed
myself its earnest though humble supporter.
Taught, also, ever to regard the just rights of
the States and their inviolable maintenance
as indispensable to the preservation of fra-
ternal feelings among the people of different
States of diversified interests, springing from
every variety of climate and production, and
needing as a necessary condition of just devel-
opment local legislation of a different though
not incongruous or hostile character, I firmly
avowedmy purpose to maintain those rights and
to oppose whatever threatened tbeir invasion.
With such consideration aud character as
these opinions and a faithful attention to my
own business gave me, I pursued the avocation
to which Providence assigned me unmolested
by any one, because I made it a duty then, as
I have ever striven to make it a duty, to do
injustice to no one, however humble, and sub-
mit to injustice from no one, however exalted.
When the ambitious political leaders of the
South, stimulated by what I considered as un-
warranted aggressions upon what had from the
foundation of the Government been regarded
as the peculiar and lawful institutions of those
States, were striving by earnest efforts to fira
the hearts of the people of my adopted State,
and to compel them to attempt secession from
the Union as a remedy for the wrongs with
which they were threatened, I opposed those
efforts to the extent of my powers. 1 believed
then, as I do now and shall always believe,
that the doctrine of secession was not author-
ized by the Constitution, that it was neither a
right reserved to the States, nor in any sense
the proper remedy for the wrongs to which any
State or number of States was then exposed,
or was likely thereafter to be exposed. _ And
in this opinion I know that a large majority of
the people of the district which ^represent
then concurred, and, as I believe, still concur.
With these opinions the late war, at its
commencement, found me. I maintained them
consistently throughout that long and unhappy
struggle, and I maintained them to its term-
ination in the triumph of the cause ot the
Union. As I foresaw and predicted that the
abolition of slavery would be the logical, if
not the necessary consequence of such term-
ination, I also unreservedly accepted that con-
sequence, and down to this moaiept I accept
it, without respect to the sacrifices it may have
imposed upon me personally. _ In justice to
many an honest original secessionist indeed
it is my duty to say in justice to a large and
controlling majority of the leading secession-
ists of the South, that they, too, accepted in
good faith all that the war had accomplished,
whether for the just maintenance of the Union,
for the overthrow of the heresy of secession,
or for the abolition of slavery. And, as God
is my judge, I believe that at 110 time since the
surrender of the armies of the esnfederacy lias
the thought been entertained or the purpose
conceived by any considerable number ot in-
telligent men, even among those who were
original secessionists, which pointed in a dif-
ferent direction from that winch I nave indi-
cated. If any such there be it has not been
my fortune to meet them even m tae confi-
dence and unreserve of social li fe, and to ttisu
confidence 1 have been admitted by the Peol ®
of the South as fully as I ever was by the
people of the great and noble State of Sew
York, in which I first saw the light.
