3170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
the supernumerary officers of infantry, until the en-
tire number of such officers shall bo absorbod; and
whenever vacancies exist in tho grade of second
lieutenant in any company of cavalry, artillery, or
infantry an additional first lieutenant shall bo as-
signed to such company, in lieu of the appointment
of the second lieutenant, until the supernumerary
first lieutenants of infantry shall be absorbed.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That if any su-
pernumerary officers shall remain alter the above
provisions are carried into effect, they shall bo fur-
loughed, at half pay, until they are assigned to till
vacancies occurring in the cavalrv, artillory, and
infantry regiments; or they sbail be discharged with
one year's pay and allowances.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted. That tho profess-
ors at tho United States Military Academy may be
retired f rojri activo service and placed on the retired
list in the same maunor and for the same reasons as
is or may be provided by law for tho retirement of
officers of the Army; and any professor so retired
shall bo entitled to receive as retired pay seventy-
five percent, of the salary he was receiving at the
time of his retirement.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That the pay of
the officers oft he Army shall be as follows: the pay of
the General shall be fcl2,000a year; LieutenantGen-
eml shall be 810,000a year: the pay of major general
shall be $7,500; the pay of brigadier general shall be
$5,000; the pay of colonel shall be $3,500; the pay of
lieutenant colonel shall be $3,000; the pay of major
shall be $2,500; the pay of captain, mounted, shall
be $2,000; the pay of captain, not mounted, shall De
$1,800; the pay of adjutant shall boll,800; the pay of
regimental quartermaster shall be $1,300; tho pay
of lirst lieutenant, mounted, shall be SI,GOO; the pay
of first lieutenant, not mounted, shall bo $1,500; the
pay of second lieutenant, mounted, shall bo $1,500;
the pay of second lieutenant, not mounted, shall be
$1,4U0; the pay of chaplain shall be $1,400; the pay
of aide-de-camp to major general shall be $200 per
annum in addition to pay of his rank; the pay of
aide-de-camp to brigadier general shall be $150 per
annum in addition to pay ef his rank; the pay of
acting assistant commissary, and acting assistant
quartermaster shall be $100 in addition to pay of
their rank; and there shall be allowed and paid to
each and every commissioned officer below the rank
of brigadier general, including chaplains and others
having assimilated rank or pay, ten per cent, of
their current yearly pay for each and every term of
five years' service: Provided, That the total amount
of such increase for length of service shall in no
case exceed forty per cent, on the yearly pay of his
grade as established by this act: And provided fur-
ther, That the pay of a colonel shall in no case ex-
ceed $4000 per annum, nor the pay of a lieutenant
colonel $3,600 per annum, nor the pay of a major
$3,000 per annum; and these sums shall be in full of
all commutation of quarters, fuel, forage, servants'
wages and clothing, longevity rations, and all allow-
ances of every name and nature whatever: Provided,
That fuel, quarters, and forage in kind, may be issued
to officers by the quartermaster's department, asnow
allowed by law and regulations: And provided fur-
ther, That when any officer shall travel under orders,
and shall not be furnished transportation by the
quartermaster's department, or on a conveyance be-
longing to or chartered by the United States, he shall
be allowed ten cents per mile, and no more, for each
mile actually by him traveled under such order, dis-
tances to be calculated according to the nearest post
routes, and no payment shall be made to any officer
except by a paymaster of the Army. Officers retired
from active service shall receive seventy-five per
cent, of the pay of the rank upon which they retired.
Sec. 16. And be it farther enacted. That the pay and
allowances of tho enlisted men of the Army shall to
nmn as now fixed by lawuntil the 30th of Jane, 1871;
and it shall be unlawful for any officer to use any
enlisted man as a servant in any case whatever.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted. That section sec-
ond of the act entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1868, and for other purposes," approved
March 2,1867, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec.18. Andbeit further enacted. That thePresident
of the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
to drop from the rolls of the Army for desertion any
officer who is now or wlio may hereafter be absent
from duty three months without leave; and any offi-
cer so dropped shall forfeit all pay and allowances
due or to beoome due, and shall not be eligible for
reappointment.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That no officer of
the artillery corps below the grade of field officer
shall hereafter be promoted to a higher grade before
having passed a satisfactory examination before a
board of three artillery officers senior to him in rank,
to bo appointed by the Secretary of War.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted. That the sixth
section of the act approved March 3,1869, prohibit-
ing new appointments and promotions in certain
staff corps and departments of the Army.be. and the
same is hereby, repealed, so far as the same applies
to the medical and quartermaster's departments and
the corps of engineers.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted. That it shall not
be lawful for any officer of the Army of tho United
States on the active list to holdanyciviloffiee.whether
by election or appointment; and any such officer
accepting or exercising the functions of a civil office
shall at once cease to be an officer of the Army, and
Ilia commission shall be vacated thereby.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted. That nothing in
this act\h all be construed to preventthe assignment
to duty as additional second lieutenants or brevet
second lieutenants of the graduates of the Military
Academy.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted. That in all cases
where it has become necessary for any officer or en-
listed man of tho Army to file his evidence of honor-
able discharge from the military servico of the United
Slates, lo secure tho settlement of his accounts, tho
accounting officer with whom it has been filed shall,
upon application by said officer or enlisted man.de-
; liver to him such evidence of honorable discharge ;
providing his accounts shall have been duly settled,
and provided that the fact, date, and amount of such
settlement shall first bo clearly written across tho
] faco of such evidence of honorablo discharge, and
; attested by tho signature of the accounting officer.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted. That the system
of regulations for the government of the armies of
tho United States now in force shall be recognized,
so far as the samo is applicable to tho service; and
that the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, au-
, tliorized to make, with the approbation of the l'res-
i ident, such revision and alteration of the samo as
1 may be expedient and proper, and not in conflict
5 with any law of the United States.
Sec. 25. An<l be it further enacted. That section
thirty-seven of tho act entitled "An act to increase
and fix the military peace establishment of the Uni-
ted States," approved July 28,1866, bo, and the samo
! is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
taries of War and the Navy bo, and they are hereby,
authorized and directed so to arrange tbe course of
I. studies and the order of recitations at the Military
and Naval Academies that the students in said insti-
; tutions will not be required to pursue their studies
on Sunday; nor shall they be required to take part
< in drills or parades on that day.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of War be authorized to issue, at his discretion
and under proper regulations to be prescribed by him,
out of any small-arms or pieces of field urtillery
belonging to the Government and which can be spared
for that purpose, such number of the same as may
appear to be required for military instruction and
practice by tho students of any college or university,
under the provisions of section twenty-six of the
act to inorease and fix the military peaco establish-
ment of the United States; the Secretary to require
: a bond in each case in double the value of tho prop-
erty for the care and safe-keeping thereof and for the
return of the same when required.
I Sec. 23. And be it further enacted. That from and
j after the passage of this act the Secretary of AYar be,
and he is hereby, authorized to permit one trading
i establishment to bo maintained at any military post
on the frontier, not in the vioinity of any city or
town, when in his judgment such establishment is
needed for the accommodation of emigrants, freight-
ers. and other citizens; and the persons to maintain
such trading establishments shall be appointed by
him: Provided, That such traders shall bo under pro-
tection and military control as camp followers. The
point resolution approved March 30,1864, to author-
ize the commanding General of the Atmy to permit
traders to remain at certain military posts is hereby
repealed.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs propose to strike out the twenty-third
and twenty-fourth sections of the amendment
as printed. We have enacted one of them
into a law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those sec-
tions will be stricken out if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out the
twenty-seventh section, now made section
twenty-five, as we have already enacted it into
a law since this bill waa reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That section
will be stricken out. The question is on agree-
ing to the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee as a substitute for the House bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that amendment this
whole printed bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All that has
been read.
Mr. EDMTJNDS. Then I move to strike
out section twenty-four of the amendment giv-
ing the Secretary of War power to establish
regulations for the government of the Army.
<41r. WILSON. 1 have already stricken that
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That sec-
tion has been stricken out by the committee
reporting the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend the
amendment by substituting for section fourteen
the following:
That the professors at the United States Military
Academy whose service in the Army and at the
Academy exceeds twenty-five years shall have tho
assimilated rank and pay of colonel of engineers;
and those whose like service is less than twenty-five
and exceeds fifteen years shall have the assimilated
rank and pay of lieutenant colonel of engineers; nnd
said professors are hereby placed on the same footing
as all other officers of the Army as regards retiroment
from active service.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, this bill, in
my judgment, is too important to be passed or
to be acted upon while the Senate is engaged
in the present order of business. It cannot be
passed without a great deal of discussion, and
therefore I feel constrained to object to its
further consideration.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will let
us go on and perfect the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri objects to the further consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I should be very glad to
answer the appeal of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military A ffairs, but I feel constrained
to object to the consideration of the bill while
this order of business is being acted upon, not
a moment longer, of course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the next bill.
THOMAS CLAIK.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(II. li. No. 1337) granting a pension to Thomas
Clair; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. The Secretary of the Interior
is directed by the bill to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Thomas
Clair, father of Robert Clair, late a private in
company D, twenty-seventh regiment United
! States infantry, at the rate of eight dollars per
! month, from and after its passage.
j The bill was reported to the Senate without
J amendment.
I Mr. TRUMBULL. What i3 the amount of
j that pension ?
Mr. SPENCER. Eight dollars a month.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WILBEKFOllCE UNIVERSITY.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 181) for the benefit
of Wilberforce University; which was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It is a direction to the Com-
missioner of the Bureau of Refugees, Freed -
men, and Abandoned Lands, out of the fund
in the bareau for the education of freedmen,
to pay to Wilberforce University, Bituated iu
Greene county, Ohio, the sum of $25,000, in
aid of the objects of the institution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear
some explanation of this resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a report accom-
panying-it; let it be read.
The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Drake from the Committee
on Education and Labor on the 26th of April:
The Committe on Education and Labor, to whom
were referred numerous petitions praying Congress
to appropriate $50,000 in aid of Wilberforce Univer-
sity, in Ohio.have had thesameunderconsideration,
and beg leave to submit the following report:
This institution is recommended to tho liberality
of Congress by the joint resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Ohio, in addition to which peti-
tions are presented from citizens of the States of
Ohio, Indiana, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, and
Kentucky. The committee on federal relations of
the house of representatives of Ohio visited the insti-
tution, and made to that Legislature a report iu re-
gard to it, which, as containing authentic informa-
tion, we beg leave herewith to present, as follows:
" The committee on federal relations, to whom was
referred house joint resolution No. 12, asking for an
appropriation by Congress for Wilberforce Univer-
sity, having had the same under consideration, beg
leave to submit the following report:
"Wilberforce U niversity issituated in Greene coun-
ty, Ohio, about three miles lrom Xenia, at tho place
formerly known as Tawawa springs. It wa^organized
in 1863. Though designed for the special education
of colored youth, its charter prohibits all distinctions
on account of race or color among trustees, faculty,
or students. Thepresent faculty consists of five per-
sons, two white and three colored, and all the stu-
dents are colored. On the 14th day of April, looo,
tho building was burned to the ground, whether by
an incendiary or not will probably never be ascer-
tained, although this is supposed to be the case.
Tho trustees, among whom is John Cousins, acolorea
man of great energy and perseverance, are now
laboring to finish the new building, whicj has been
commenced and to iar advanced that a part ol it pan
be used for school purposes. The whole iounuation
of this new structure is of substantial white lime-
