1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
lican State before the United States had exist-
ence as a Government; that was a republic long
beforeyou had your confederation of republics ;
and, forsooth, ifthis doctrine is to be attempted,
then we shall have—what? We shall have the
States that made this Union—the creators of
the Union—converted into mere creatures, to
be molded and turned as language shall find
itself more conveniently used by an accidental
majority of Congress.
Now, sir, there is something here that I must
note, and which, as he will understand, with
due respect to the distinguished Senator, I must
term the monstrous character of the claim
made by him in his speech yesterday. I would
not, of course, do him injustice, and therefore
I will quote his language as reported. He had
stated that these three fundamental conditions—
the one relating to the right to vote universally,
one relating to the right to hold office univers-
ally, and the third relating to school rights and
privileges—which are by this bill fastened for-
ever upon the people of this so-called State,
were justified under his doctrine as essential
to constitute a republican form of government.
The honorable Senator, of course,, will claim for
Congress this power in every State. He claimed
it in every State, and the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] in behalf
of that State, assented to the proposition, and
said that he hoped—I think that was his word—
that Congress would interfere and remodel the
educational system of Massachusetts whenever
it should conflict with their ideas of what it
ought to be. I trust he is the only Senator in
this body who would make such an admission,
that Congress may interfere and compel any
State to change her institutions of internal
government to suit the will of a majority of
Congress. I trust that will never be accepted
by any party or any considerable number of
the representatives in this body. Now, sir,
this was in reply to a statement made on Fri-
day by the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thtjrman] who is not now in his seat, who had
stated:
" Whatwas arepublican form of government when
the Constitution was formed would be a republican
form of government now, for the Constitution has not
changed in that respect. The same meaning that
that provision had when it first went into force is
the meaning which it has now. Subsequent events
cannot change that meaning, and therefore what
was a republican form of government when that
Constitution was adopted by the American people,
and went into operation in 1789. is, in contemplation
of that instrument, a republican form of government
now."
With that .proposition I entirely concur. I
think it is true. And let us see now the
answer of the Senator from Indiana to it:
" lie argued from that that inasmuch as slavery in
a State was consistent with a republican form of
State government in 1787, it is consistent now, and
that inasmuch as a denial of all civil rights to a part
of the people was consistent with the definition of a
republican form of government when the Constitu-
tion was formed, so it isvow; that therefore in guar-
antying to a State a republican form of government
now we cannot go beyond the definition of a repub-
lican form of government in 1787, and the use of
means must be constrained to such elements as were
requisite to a republican form of government in
1787."
That is his statement of the position of Mr.
Thurman. Now, says the honorable Senator
from Indiana:
" I controvert that position entirely. I insist that
definitions advance, that what was a democracy in
the time of ancient Greece is not now regaled as a
democracy; that such a republio as that of Venice
would not now be regarded as a republio bnt simply
as an oligarchy; and that the definition of a repub-
lican form of government, which was perhaps con-
templated when that clause was put into the Con-
stitution, is not now regarded as a definition of a
republican form of government either in the Consti-
tution or out of it."
"Definitions advance"—and may Heaven
help us if our language is to be interpreted to
mean to-day the precise opposite of what it
did fifty years ago. You talk of instability in
government; what doctrine is there like this
to shake the permanence of all governments ?
Our Government is founded on a social com-
pact; its powers are delegated in words of
well known and carefully ascertained mean-
ing weighed well in advance. What becomes
of all this care in the use of language if the
Senator's doctrine is to prevail? I think it
was Chief Justice Marshall, whose expositions
gave such vitality to the meaning of our charter
of government, who declared that the result of
this power to advance definitions, if assented
to by the people of this country, "would be ;
giving to the Legislature a practical and real ■
omnipotence in the same breath which pro-
fesses to restrict their bounds within narrow
limits; it is prescribing limits and declaring
that those limits may be passed at pleasure; it ;
thus reduces to nothing what we have deemed (
the greatest improvement on political institu- j
tions, a written Constitution." And so, in-
deed, would it be if the letter and the meaning
of the Constitution are to be changed at will
under the pretext of advancing the definitions
of wprds.
Mr. MORTON. Will my honorable friend
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator whether he believes that after the
adoption of the thirteenth amendment, abolish-
ing slavery, and the adoption of the fifteenth
amendment, declaring that suffrage shall not
be denied on account of race or color a State
government recognizing slavery or denying
suffrage on account of race or color would be i
republican in the meaning of the Constitution
of the United States? Can it be so since these
two Amendments areput on?
Mr. BAYARD. The answer is immediate.
It is not the question of testing it by the epithet
or the meaning of the term "republican;"
it is whether or no a State can come in this
Union without the Federal Constitution be-
coming the supreme law of that State. Cer-
tainly no State can hold slaves if the Consti-
tution forbids it; it is not because it is
republican or anti-republican to hold slaves ; ,
that is not the question. The Constitution i
of the United States will control that matter j
of holding slaves proprio vigore. It is not
whether it comes within the definition of a
republican form of government or not. I pro-
test, therefore, against that principle which
shall enable you to form your own standard
and to enlarge the meaning of the words; or,
to use the Senator's phrase, to let your defi-
nitions "progress," because if you once admit
that principle, to the four winds of heaven go
all your limitations upon legislative power.
As to the position that the thirteenth and
fourteenth amendments change the definition
of a republican form of government, with due
respect to the honorable Senator, I say they
do no such thing. Supposing those amend-
ments to have been duly made a part of the
Constitution, (which I am not prepared to ad-
mit,) they are, a3 part and parcel of the Con-
stitution, the supreme law of the land; all the
States obey them and conform to them, not
because of the republican definition, but under
that express power which makes the Constitu-
tion of the United States the supreme law for
all the States and all the people.
The meaning of the words in a written char-
ter of government is all-important. It includes
everything. Give a man the power to use words
in what meaning he pleases, and you destroy
any government and any limitation that was
ever devised. First, the Senator would con-
strue the word "guarantee," and he would
claim that to be an unlimited grant of power
to create and mold originally the institutions
of a State, not a power to fulfill the stipulations
of a third party in case of his default, which is
what I understand a guarantee to mean. It is
a word plainly intended to be used in its nat-
ural and restricted sense, but by the Senator's
advance and his progress of definition is made
pregnant with capacities and powers never
dreamed of by those who placed it where it
stands in the Constitution.' Constructions of
the Constitution have been strict and liberal,
the latter under the doctrine of the implication
of powers; but here is proposed something
new and far more dangerous—a power to use
words in any sense confessedly not intended by
those who placed them in the written charter
of government, in which, and in which alone,
Congress finds the enumeration of its just
powers.
Now, sir, what would be the result if the
proposition of the honorable Senator be true
that Congress may compel any State to change
her institutions of internal government to suit
the will of Congress, under the pretext that
the standard of republicanism has been altered
to suit the times ? My answer is that Congress
has in that event no law but its own will. It
is a law unto itself. In some of our States the
tenures of office vary. In the State where I
live life tenures are affixed to all judicial offices,
or rather the tenure during good behavior. In
many States, I believe in the State of Vermont,
judges are elected annually. I am aware that
in the State I live in there is a party of prog-
ress, so called, who have considered that the
life tenure in judicial offices was something
anti-republican, something which savored too
much of a man's being beyond the reach of
popular will; but I am proud and happy to
say that the good sense of that people has
never yielded to that passing cry, nor discarded
the best bulwark of the independence of the
judiciary. The judges were told " You shall
fear neither king nor people, but obey the law,
and while that is done your good behavior con-
tinues, and you shall not be held responsible
to the ebb and flow of popular passion with
regard to yourdecisions and the judiciary of
no State in the Union to-day commands more
respect and confidence of the people than that
of the State of Delaware. I believe there are
other larger and more powerful States in this
Union who, having tried the experiment of an
elective judiciary, would most gladly retrace
their steps and replace that system of life ten-
ure for judicial office.
It may be well to inquire if the honorable
Senator'8 view is correct and whether Congress
has this power to force any State to conform
to its ideas of a republican form of government,
or its standard of what constitutes republican-
ism, that it may have power to declare such a
system not in consonance with its ideas of
republican form, and can enter into any State,
and, to use his mysterious and ominous phrase,
oft repeated on this floor, "deal with" the
people of that State. What does it mean " to
deaf with the people of a State?" I sup-
pose we have some suggestion of what is in-
tended by what was done with the State of
Georgia; take her by the throat, disperse her
civil assemblies by armed force, institute a sys-
tem of dragonnades after the manner of Louis
XIV, deliver her over to the tender mercies
of such characterless adventurers and plun-
derers as this so-called Governor, who lately
spent his time on this floor running to and fro
among* the seats of Senators, whispering in
their ears cruel slanders upon the people of
Georgia.
Sir, it seems to me that the proposition of
the Senator from Indiana in its results will
become what Mr. Madison haa called " the
very definition of tyranny." Well might the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] in
earnest and eloquent tones here yesterday
implore his party friends to pause before they
committed themselves to such a measure. It
is giving up all limitations of government. It
is abandoning every check upon power, and
is the most alarming proposition, the largest
stride toward legislative omnipotence that yet
has been heard of. Why, its result would be
to resolve this Congress into a committee ot
public safety. It would be to pass that sena-
torial decree of ancient Rome, that it behoove
the Senate to look to the safety of the Repub-
lic, and after that what remains of civil or con^
stitutional liberty? It was against such doc-
trines as this that Mr. Madison in 1789 warne
