5058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
and shall also be lawful money and a legal tender in
payment of all debts, public and private, within tho
United States, except duties on imports and interest
as aforesaid.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I know that
this is a trite theme. It has been much dis-
cussed in this House. I regret to be called upon
by a sense of duty to engage, however briefly,
in this renewed debate. But in listening to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
it occurred to me that, being hard pressed for
reasons and in a close place, he made up in
vehemence of manner and force of statement
•what be lacks in argument.
I desire simply to call attention to the his-
tory of legislation upon this subject. We had
a distinguished chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, with whom many of us served
during the entire war, and who either dictated
or wrote with his own hand every finance meas-
ure that passed this House during that period.
I refer, of course, to Mr. Stevens, of Pennsyl-
vania. Ho was familiar with our whole financial
system. Iheardhim announce to the country, in
the hearing of jou all, that these bonds that you
are providing now shall be paid in gold were,
according to the contract which he himself
drew in the shape of a law, payable in legal-
tender notes. He made that announcement to
this House. It was not at that time contro-
verted. It was taken as a proper construction
of the law, coming from him who was best
competent to make that construction. It was
a construction placed upon his own work at
the close of the war, when the present system
of finance had been established. He was the
official bead of the House, and you all bowed
to him. He is now in his grave, and you seek
to abrogate his words and his teachings. You
are enacting scenes over his tomb which you
did not dare do in his living presence. I
invoke his memory against you.
So, too, go to the other end of the Capitol,
and you will find the chairman of the Finance
Committee, Senator Sherman, of Ohio, occu-
pying an exactly similar position. Speaking
of these five-twenty bonds he says:
"That if tho bondholder refuses to take tho same
kind of money with which ho bought them he is an
extortioner and a repudiator."
That was the language of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance of the Senate speak-
ing on this very subject. I desire the country
to know, and it will know, that we are pro-
viding for the payment of $1,000,000,000 in
gold, that Mr. Thaddeus Stevens, the leader of
the House and the leader of his party, and Sen-
ator Sherman, the leader of his party in the
other branch of the Capitol on this question,
both announced were payable under the law,
and according to the contract, in legal-tender
notes. So far as the gold bill is concerned,
which bears the name of the distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] passed in
the opening days of this Administration, even
if it attempted to change the law it has not
done so. It is not necessary to stop and cavil
whether the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] or the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] was right.
If the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who is
now dead and gone, then chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and the Senator
from Ohio, chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee of the Senate, were right in their construc-
tion of the laws which they themselves brought
forward to be acted upon, then no subsequent
legislation can change that contract. It was
a contract between the Government and the
people, and I stand here, in behalf of the peo-
ple, to ask that the contract be executed; that
the contract be carried out, and that these
bonds bo paid according to law, and not ac-
cording to the provisions of any new act. I
say here, in behalf of my constituents, in be-
haif of the Northwest, that there is no finality
on this subject except obedience to the con-
tract as it was made. Pass your gold bills, or
your funding bills, and do you suppose that
the agitation will cease? Do you suppose we
will submit to a meaning given to that law after
it has been in existence for years and years?
The tax-payer of this country has the right to
have that law executed as it was made and
expounded by the men who made it.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
knows that in his own State the Republican
party, within the last three years, in the capi-
ital, at Columbus, indorsed the doctrine on
which I stand. The same thing has been done
by the same party in State convention in
Indiana. Yet you now all abandon your com-
mittals. You do it in the interest of wealth,
of usury, of extortion, and concentrated cap-
ital, and against the tax-paying labor of the
the country. I warn you that you will have no
peace nor rest on this subject—none until you
obey the law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Jurm to the amendment moved
by Mr. Holman.
The amendment moved by Mr. Holm an was
to strike out the words " coin in the Treasury
of the United States" and to insert in lieu
thereof the words " United States notes in the
Treasury of the United States, arising from
the sale of bonds authorized to be issued by
this act, or other such notes in the Treasury; "
so that that portion of the section will read as
follows:
That tho Socrotary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized and instructed, with any United States notes
in the Troasury of tho United States arising from tho
sale of bonds authorized to bo issued by this act, or
other such notos in tho Treasury which in his opinion
and discretion can bo conveniently applied to th nt
purpose, to pay at par. and cancel any six per cent,
bonds of tho United States of tho kind known as
live-twenty bonds which liavo become or shall here-
after become redeemable by tho terms of their issue.
The amendment moved by Mr. Judd as a
substitute for the amendment moved by Mr.
Holman was to strike out " which in his opin-
ion and discretion can be conveniently applied
to that purpose" and to insert in lieu thereof
the words "derived under the provisions of
this act;" so that that portion of the section
would read:
That tho Secretary of tho Treasury is hereby au-
thorized and instructed, with npy coin in tho Treas-
ury of tho United States derived under tho pro-
visions of this act, to pay at par, and cancel any six
per cent, bonds of the United States of the kind
known as five-twenty bonds which have become or
shall hereafter bccomo redeemable by tho terms of
their issue.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The amendment of tho
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Jcdd] is not
strictly an amendment to the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,]
because it does not touch any part of that
amendment.
Mr. JUDD. It is a substitute for the amend-
ment of (he gentleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. It relates to the same
general subject., and may be regarded as perti-
nent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would suggest that the
gentleman from Illinois add to the words
which he proposes to insert the following:
Which he may lawfully apply to such purpose, or
which may bo derived irom the sale of any bonds
the issue of which is provided for by this act.
And then the section will go on to provide
that—
The particular bonds so to bo paid and canceled
shall in all cases be indicated and specified by class,
date, and number, in tho order ofthoir numbers and
issue, beginning with the first numbered and issued,
in public notico to be given by the Secretary of tho
Treasury; and in three months after the date of such
public notico the interest on tho bonds so selected
and advertised to be paid shall cease.
As the law stands at present the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized to redeem bonds
without notice. Now, what we want is to re-
quire him not to redeem and cancel any bonds
that maybe redeemable, exccptupon condition
that he shall give notice and stop the interest
after that notice has been given for a limited
time. By these means we will prevent that
payment which is now going on, and which
may or may not be made at the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and which if it
be not made still leaves the bonds outstanding
and drawing interest. We want the induce-
ment to bring forward the bonds and have them
paid off, whether out of the proceeds of the
sales of these bonds or otherwise, to be coupled
in every case with the condition that if not so
brought forward the interest upon them shall
cease.
Mr. JUDD. I cannot modify my amend-
ment as suggested by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schestck,] and if no objection bo
made I will briefly explain why I cannot do
so. The language which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sohenck] proposes to substitute
for the portion I propose to strike out will still
leave this section partially open to the satne
objection that I urged when 1 first offered my
amendment. Now, the only excuse for the
use of coin by the Secretary of the Treasury,
whether it is legal or not, is that he can pur-
chase bonds at a profit with that gold. If the
proposition was made to our people and to this
Congress, with a greenback circulation out-
standing, that the Secretary of the Treasury
should have the privilege of taking coin de-
rived from imports and paying it to a select
number of bondholders for their bonds, dol-
lar for dollar, as this bill now stands, it would
be repudiated in a moment by the people.
Now, my idea is that the only distinction in
using coin from the Treasury to buy bonds,
dollar for dollar, is that the coin must be that
obtained under this funding bill; either under
the section providing for the sale of bonds, or
under the section providing for the deposit of
bullion in the Treasury.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
a question right here 1
Mr. JUDD. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. I would ask the gentleman if
the natural scope of his amendment is not to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to use
the whole amount of gold received on these
three per cent, certificates of deposit for the
purpose ofredeeming these six percent, bonds;
and in that respect does it not go further than
he really designs?
Mr. JUDD. That may be so. In the hurry
of drawing my amendment it is very probable
that its form is not perfect.
Mr. PAINE. I beg to suggest to the gen-
tleman to modify his amendment so as to make
it consistent with the sixth section of this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think I must raise a point
of order that the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Judt>] is not germane
to the proposition to which it is offered as an
amendmeut.
Mr. JUDD. 1 hope I may be allowed to
say a few words more in connection with this
proposition. My idea of the power of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in the use of coin, where
he uses it dollar for dollar in the redemption
of greenbacks, is that it should be coin derived
under this bill for the express purpose of re-
funding our debt; that we should not in any
manner or form authorize him to take from tho
Treasury the coin derived in any other way;
that, at any rate, this should not be done at
the present time, while our greenback indebt-
edness is outstanding; that we should not
authorize him to apply to the payment of these
bonds coin derived from other sources.
The amendment offered by the chairman of
the committee, giving the Secretary of the
Treasury partial discretionary power as to the
selection by numbers of tho bonds which he
shall pay, modifies to a certain extent the pro-
vision that the bonds shall be paid according
to consecutive numbers. I can see perfectly
well what might result from such a provision.
If the Secretary of the Treasury had favorites
he might select, a particular class of bonds in
the hands of those favorites, and take for the
payment of those bonds the coin derived from
iaiports. This is what might bo done by a cor-
rupt, public officer, such as we have not had at
i the head of the Treasury Department. But I
