1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5059
want to guard against such a proceeding. If
the amendment I have offered does not meet
the question, I am willing it shall be modified
in some proper way ; but I do consider that
the modification proposed by the chairman of
the committee is very wide of the object which
I intended in offering my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Judd] wants to get this
thing as nearly right as possible ; and I know
he is equally well aware that I am in earnest
in the same endeavor. I think that either he
misapprehends or I do the effect of what we
propose now to accomplish, as construed by
looking at the existing law and the present
power of the Secretary of the Treasury. The
gentleman proposes that the money which is to
be applied to paying off at par these five-twenty
bonds shall be limited to that which is derived
from the sale of the bonds provided for in this
act. I agree to that, so far as I am concerned;
but I want to go one step further. The gen-
tleman is mistaken in supposing that I am pro-
posing to add to the powers of the Secretary
of the Treasury. On the contrary, I want to
put a further limitation upon the action of that
officer. When you provide for redeeming the
five-twenties with the proceeds of these new
four per cent, bonds after due notice, and
stopping the interest upon them after a speci-
fied time, you afford an inducement to the
holders to bring them forward for redemp-
tion. I want, also, a limitation as to the re-
demption of the five-twenties with any other
means the Government may happen to have in
the Treasury at the time. In all cases where
a five-twenty bond is to be paid I want it in-
dicated in advance which bond shall be paid,
so that the interest upon that bond shall be
stopped after due notice, no matter -whether
the money set aside for paying it off be money
derived from the sale of the four per cents, or
money coming into the Treasury from other
sources without reference to the four per cents.
From these remarks the gentleman will see
that, so far from desiring to extend the power
of the Secretary of the Treasury, I am for
making a further limitation of his power. If
the gentleman's amendment prevail alone, it
will cover the whole case so far as the proceeds
of the four per cent, bonds are concerned; and
they can be applied in this way only. Bat if
my modification of it prevail, then the Secre-
tary of the Treasury cannot at any time, under
any circumstances, pay any five-twenties that
may be redeemable or payable, without giving
notice in advance, and stopping after a speci-
fied time the interest, indicating the particular
bonds to be paid in such a manner, that there
may be an inducement to the holders of them
to bring them forward l'or payment.
The gentleman's amendment, so far as it
goes, I do not object to; but I wish to extend
the limitation still further on the Secretary of
the Treasury. He has by law the right to
redeem and buy five-twenty bonds as they
become due now without the passage of this
act. I do not want him in any case to redeem
five-twenty bonds without indicating in advance
what five-twenty bonds he means to buy, so as
to stop the interest after a given time. I am
going in the same direction in which he goes,
but a little further.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order, and that is, whether the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] is ger-
mane as an amendment to mine?
The SPEAKER. Strictly speaking, the
Chair would be compelled to overrule the point
of order; but as there is a general desire to
obtain separate votes, the Chair will sustain
the point of order, so as to give the House a
separate vote on each amendment, although
he must regard them as being germane.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 ask for a division of
the vote on the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Hoi.max.]
Mr. MUNGEN. Is it in order to move a
proviso to this section ?
The SPEAKER. It will be at a later period.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask for a division of
the vote on the motion to strike out and insert.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to a vote on both.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Horace Porter,
one of his secretaries, notifying the House that
he had approved and signed bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles :
An act (H, R. No. 280) to require the hold-
ing of additional district and circuit courts of
the United Stales in the district of Indiana,
and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 249) concerning the dis-
trict court of the United States for the district j
of Iowa;
An act (H. R. No. 386) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867;
An act (II. R. No. 489) to authorize the
construction and maintenance of a bridge
across the Niagara river;
An act (II. R. No. 1904) for the relief of
James C. Strong;
An act (H. R. No. 2277) supplementary to
an act to provide for furnishing artificial limbs
to disabled soldiers;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 210) relative
to the Champaign county (Ohio,) Monumental
Association; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 251) author-
izing Surgeon George E. Cooper, of the United
States Army, to accept a gift from the Govern-
ment of France, in acknowledgment of services
rendered.
FUNDING BILL.
The question recurred on Mr. Holjian's
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 127, not voting
61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Beatty, Bird, Burr, Cleve-
land, Coburn, Crebs, Dickinson, Dockery. Dox, Eld-
ridge, Gotz, Griswold, Hamill, Holman, Thomas L.
Jones, Kerr, Knott, Lewis, Marshall, May barn,
MeCormick, McNeely, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack,
Orth, Reeves,-Rice, Rogers, Shober, Joseph S. Smith,
Stiles, Sweeney, Trimble, Tyner, Van Trump, Voor-
hoes, Wells, Winchester, and Woodward—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer,
Bailey, Barnum, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blair, Boles, Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard,
Burdett, Cessna, Churchill, W illiam T. Clark, Amasa
Cobb, Conger, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Degener,
Dickey, Donley, Dyer, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg,
Fisher, Fitch, Hale, Harris, Hawley, Hay, Hays,
Heflin, Hill. Hoar, Hooper, Jenckes, Alexander II.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Ivellogg, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Iinapp, Lailin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan,
Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, Mo-
Grew, McKenzie, Mereur, Eliakim II. Moore, Jesse
H. Moore, William Monro, Morphis, Daniel .T. Mor-
rell, Myers, O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Peck, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser,
Randall, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smyth, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stone, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Swann, Taft'e, Tanner, Taylor, Till-
man, Townsend, Twichell, Upson, Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Wallace, Welker, Wheeler, Wliitmore, Wil-
kinson, Willard, Williams, and Winans—127.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barry, Beaman,
Beck, Biggs, Bowen, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Clinton L.
Cobb, Conner, Cook, Covodc, Cowles, Cox, Dixon,
Duval, Ela, Parnsworth, Fox, Garfield, Gibson, Gil-
fillan, llaight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamilton,
Hawkins, Hoge, Hotclikiss, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Lynch, MeKeo, Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill, Morris-
soy, Negley, Newsliam, Perce, Phelps, Piatt,Potter,
Ridgway, Schumaker, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Slier-
rod, Starkweather, Strader, Strong. Van Aukon,
Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Witcher,
and Wood—61.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to change the phrase-
ology of my amendment, and send it to the
desk to be read in the form in which I desire
to have it voted on.
The Clerk read as follows:
On page 3, soction four, strike out the following
words: " which in his opinion and discretion can bo
conveniently applied to that purpose," and insert
tho following words; "which may be derived from
the sale of any of the bonds tho issue of which is
provided for in this act."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Is it in
order to move an amendment to the amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
last word. I do so merely that I may be en-
abled to make a remark in regard to this amend-
ment. At present the excess of revenue enables
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay off or to
purchase of the existing debt an amount each
month which has aggregated somewhere be-
tween eighty and one hundred million dollars
during the past year. If I understand the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, it
cuts off the right of the Secretary to pay off
any of the five-twenty bonds with money de-
rived from that source ; in future they could
only be paid off by money derived from the sale
of these four per cent, bonds. I see no good
reason why the Secretary should be embar-
rassed in this way, why he should not use any
surplus money in the Treasury not needed for
the ordinary expenses of the Government, or
for the payment of the interest on the public
debt, any money which in his opinion and in
his discretion can be applied to this purpose—
why he should not do so instead of being com-
pelled to use for that purpose only the money
derived from the bonds. I am opposed, there-
fore, to the amendment, and hope that it will
not be adopted. It seems to me that its effect
would only be to embarrass the Secretary's
operations.
Mr. JUDD. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] is certainly mistaken
as to the effect of the amendment,. If the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has power under the
law to buy bonds this amendment of mine does
not disturb that power.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will allow me to interrupt him, I
would say that one object of this bill is to stop
the purchase of bonds and the sale of gold from
the Treasury. In the future, if the bill is
passed, the bonds will be paid instead of being
purchased.
Mr. J UDD. I will reply to that objection.
I repeat that if the Secretary of the Treasury
has power to apply coin to the purchase of
bonds the amendment which I offer does in no
manner change that. The more I think of the
power which would be conferred on the Secre-
tary of the Treasury the more I feel that it
would be attended with great dangers. Now,
my amendment simply limits the power of the
Secretary in exchanging coin for bonds at par,
dollar for dollar, and provides that he shall
use for the canceling of the five twenty bonds the
bonds authorized to be issued under this act.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. What is
he to do in the mean time with the surplus
of coin which he is now selling?
Mr. JUDD. He can apply it as was sug-
gested by the gentleman from Wisconsin, ac-
cording to the principles of existing law, either
in payment of our greenback indebtedness or
in the purchase, as he is now doing, of indebt-
edness not yet due of five-twenty bonds. But
I am now discussing how the proceeds to be
derived under this law are to be applied. I
desire to call the attention of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] to what
would be the effect, or at least might be the
effect of the fourth section, if this amendment
is not adopted. The section has already been
amended in the latter portion of it so as to
give the Secretary of the Treasury discretion
as to what bonds he shall pay.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massacliusetts. But they
must be five-twenty bonds.
