1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
(his people. In the forty-eighth number of
the Federalist he declared :
"But experience assures us that the efficacy of the
provision has been greatly overrated, and that some
more adequate defense is indispensably necessary i
fir the more feeble against the more powerful mem- -
ber> of the Government. The legislative depart-
ment is everywhere extending the sphere of its ac-
tivity and drawing all power into its impetuous
V0,'The founders of our republics have so much
merit fur the wisdom which they have displayed"—
I pause there to observe the word " repub-
lics" in the plural as signifying what were the
States which at that time formed this Union—
"that no task can be less pleasing than that of
pointing out the errors into which they have fallen.
A respect lor truth, however, obliges us to remark
that they seem never for a moment to have turned
their eyes from the danger to liberty from the over-
grown and all-grasping prerogative of an hereditary
magistrate, supported and fortified by an hereditary
branch of the legislative authority. They seem never
tohaverecollected the danger from legislative usurp-
ations."
And again he declares :
"It is against the enterprising ambition of this
(legislative) department that the people ought to
indulge all their jealousy and exhaust all their pre-
cautions.
" The legislative department derives a superiority
in our governments from other circumstances. Its
constitutional powers being at once more extensivo
and less susceptible of precise limits, it can with the
greater facility mask, under complicated and indi-
rect measures, the encroachments which it makes on
the coordinate departments. It is not unfre^uently
aquestion of real nicety in legislative bodies whether
the operation of a particular measure will or will not
extend beyond the legislative sphere. On the other
side, the executive power being restrained within a
narrower compass, and being more simplo in its
nature, and the judiciary being described by land-
marks still less uncertain, projects of usurpation by
cither of these departments would immediately be-
tray and defeat themselves. Nor is this all: as the
legislativedepartmentalonehas access to the pockets
of the people, and has in some constitutions full dis-
cretion, and in all a prevailing influence over the
pecuniary rewards of those who fill the other depart-
ments, a dependence is thus created in the latter
which gives still greater facility to encroachments
of the former."
These, then, indicate the views of a true and
faithful sentinel on the ramparts of public lib-
erty. It is against the encroachments of this all-
grasping power that all our watchfulness should
be exerted. Now, what are the just powers in-
tended to be given to Congress by the Constitu-
tion? The definition ofthem is short; and again
I will quote Mr. Madison as my authority, and
adopt his language:
"The powers delegated by the proposed Constitu-
tion to the Federal Government are few and defined.
Those which are to remain in the State government
are numerous and indefinite. The former will be ex-
ercised principally on external objects, as war, peace,
negotiation, and foreign commerce; with which last
the power of taxation will for the most part be con-
nected. The powers reserved to the several States
will extend to all the objects which, in the ordinary
course of affairs, concern the lives, liberties, and
properties of the people, and the internal order,
improvement, and prosperity of the State."
Sir, what a complete destruction would it be
of this masterly and comprehensive view of our
constitution of Government should the power
claimed under this most dangerous method of
new and progressive interpretation of words
whose meaning was well ascertained and ad-
justed at the time of their adoption, if under
such a pretext it shall be absorbed into this
great maelstrom of congressional power.
Now, sir, the conditions contained in this
proposed act of Congress imposed upon these
States are permanent and unchangeable, ac-
cording to their terms, by the present and all
future generations. They are to be like the law
of the Medes and Persians, "which altereth
not. •' What an absurdity is this in the face of the
principles of the Declaration of Independence,
so much quoted upon this floor of late, and not
only in the face of that immortal declaration,
out in the very teeth of the underlying prin-
ciples of a republican form of government!
 > hat is that underlying principle ? It is that
the ultimate sovereignty rests in the mass of
the people, and when you would ascertain what
is the will of the people you necessarily mean
the will of the majority.
A republican government is one derived from the
'i0 be governed by it, liable to be altered,
retormed, or abolished by themselves."
Under republican principles of government
a majority must have, in the nature of things,
an inherent right to alter and reform their
government and laws, and it is in this way
that the voice of the people is heard. And
that right to alter or reform their government
cannot be abridged by the forms even of a
written constitution which they have adopted.
That doctrine has been decided over and over
again, and will not, I suppose, be now denied.
And is not the imposition of these so-called
fundamental conditions upon the people of
the State of Mississippi a plain violation of
your constitutional duty, "to guaranty" to
that State a republican form of government ?
The Constitution of the United States gives
you no power over the school systems nor the
offices of a State ; they are matters especially
of State regulation, lying amid the great mass
of her reserved powers.
If you seek to fasten upon the people of a
State a condition which will forever prevent
them and their posterity from altering and
reforming their State constitutions at their own
free will, then you have struck down the most
essential feature of that republican form of
government you have sworn to guaranty.
These proposed conditions, then, are palpa-
bly violative of the Constitution, and therefore
utterly void.
During this debate in both Houses of Con-
gress the current of authority is all in conso-
nance with my view on this point. The honor-
able Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] has
avowed this doctrine; the honorable Senator
from New York [Mr. Coxkling] upon this floor
has sustained it, and also the honorable Senator
fromVermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] the junior Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,] and
the honorable Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Wil-
liams.] In reading over the debates in the
other House, I found the best minds there of
the Republican party assenting to this propo-
sition, that these conditions attempted to be
imposed by Congress as fundamental and per-
manent conditions are, to use the language of
the honorable Senator from Michigan, as deliv-
ered in this body on the 12th of January, mere
brutum, fulmen.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, if the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware will allow me
to say one word I think he will find that I used
that expression in reference to an amendment
offered by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Drake
Mr. BAYARD. On that principle.
Mr. HOWARD. In the nature of a funda-
mental condition, and it was so drawn that
in case the State should violate that condition
the State should relapse into its 
Mr. BAYARD. Let me read the language.
Mr. HOWARD. That the State should
relapse into the condition which it occupied
before its readmission to the right of repre-
sentation. That was a result which I regarded
as extremely untenable and inadmissible, and
I applied to it the phrase brutum f ulmen.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator did
apply the phrase brutum fulmen, and I will
read the language which followed it. Speaking
of Virginia, the Senator from Michigan said:
"Sir, it does seem to me that these are the conse-
quences which are to flow from a non-compliance
on her part with the conditions of this amendment.
They are consequences which in their very nature
are utterly and totally incompatible with that degree
of State independence which we have all along,
all of us, conceded to the various States.
"Sir. it is not possible that Congress can have any
authority to impose such conditions. It is impossi-
ble for Congress in a time of peace, without the use
of military force, to dismautle a State and deprive
it of all its political functions as a State ; and that
is the very result which is contemplated by this
amendment."
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly, Mr. President;
and it was to that amendment that I applied
the language.
Mr. BAYARD. I know well 
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I know he does not mean to
force me to occupy a position which I have
not occupied at all. Certainly it is not com-
petent for Congress to annex a condition to
the admission of a State in the nature of a
condition-subsequent, the violation of which
will have the effect to dismantle and destroy
the State; and certainly I contended that such
a condition was impossible, impracticable, and
unconstitutional, and the very extract which
he has read from my speech shows that I was
addressing myself to that proposition.
Mr. BAYARD. I certainly would not at-
tempt to misrepresent the honorable Senator
in the least degree or to do him injustice. I
was only citinghim as an authority—and I think
his language justifies me in using it for that
purpose—that you cannot impose conditions
upon a State which shall be unchangeable and
perpetual without violating the very underly-
ing principle of a republican Government.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 said no such thing as that.
Mr. BAYARD. That is my proposition, and
I read the language of the honorable Senator
to sustain it. Why, as to the doctrine, the
honorable Senator from Vermont asked in the
course of this debate:
"What authority have we to provide that tho
Legislature of the State of Virginia through all fu-
ture time shall be composed of a body of men who
can swear to that and nothing else, when the four-
teenth amendment only provides that nobody shall
sit in that Legislature except a class of persons
not half as broad as those which I have already
described."
It is not the condition; it is not the lan-
guage of that condition ; it is the principle
that I speak of, prescribing unchangeable con-
ditions at all, and which, I say, so far from
carrying out your obligation to guaranty a
republican form of government, is an attempt
to ingraft upon the constitution of a State an
utterly anti-republican condition, and forbid
the people of that State ever to exercise the
most essential power in a republic, and that is
to amend and reform their government and
laws whenever in their own sound discretion it
shall be necessary for their happiness.
The honorable Senator from Indiana in his
argument of yesterday attempted to justify the
imposition of these permanent conditions upon
the State of Virginia by the excellence in the
abstract of the propositions they contain ,to wit,
universal suffrage; the right to be universally
elected to office; no disqualification to be in-
terposed ; and the matter of universal public
education ; and because those things were in
the abstract arguably favorable to a republican
form of government, he said that he would vote
to put them into the constitution of this State
permanently. That is coming about to the prop-
osition desired by another honorable Senator.
It is true that the proposition of the Senator
from Indiana was broader ; it was more gen-
eral, and therefore more dangerous. But yet
the result would be this, that if the experience
of future generations should discover that un-
limited suffrage is not a benefit to the people
of a State, that a restricted suffrage is wiser for
the people of a State, that your system of uni-
versal education is not the valuable system that
you Buppose it to be ; if they should consider
that this Procrustean bed on which you would
force the minds of all the inhabitants in a com-
munity, without heeding their dissimilar capabil-
ities or fitness, and stretch them or lop them
off as some rigid, unelastic rule required ; if
they should discover, as it may well be they
would, that such a system of education is inju-
dicious and unreasonable, operating unfavor-
ably upon the mental and moral health of their
people, and should desire, with the light of ex-
perience, to reform and improve it, then comes
this condition, arbitrarily imposed by Congress
upon that people,deprivingthem of the exercise
of a power essentially republican in its nature,
and why? Because the wisdom of an act of
Congress, of a temporary majority in Congress,
has chosen, in defiance of their obligations, to
ingraft upon that constitution something which
is not republican in its principle or for in, and
against which they were bound by oath to
guaranty the State.
