1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4115
accusation than this never was conceived or
uttered. To prove this to be so I present to you
the testimony of Governor W. H. Smith, the
present Republican Governor of Alabama.
Governor Smith, on the same 14tli of April,
possibly in the very hour in which the Senator
from Indiana gave utterance to his accusa-
tions against the people of Alabama, issued a
proclamation from the capital of that State,
in which he says:
"The Executive avails himself of this occasion to
express Ms gratified appreciation of the good con-
duct of the citizens of all the counties in which law
and order have been maintained, embracing nearly
till the counties and an overwhelming majority of
the people of the State."
And I read only the other day a statement
that his lionor, the district judge of the Fed-
eral district of north Alabama, discharged
the grand jury summoned to inquire into of-
fenses committed in that portion of the State
because, as he said, he was advised by the
prosecutor for the people in behalf of the Uni-
ted States that there was no occasion for their
services ; and then, turning to the audience, the
judge congratulated ikem upon being aportion
of a community in which peace and order so
obtained that he had known no community more
worthy of commendation for peace and quiet
and the observance of law and order than were
the people of the district of northern Alabama.
Coming as this did from a judge whose preju-
dices were, if he had any, not in favor of that
people, I ask those who now hear me, and
those who may read what I say, to give heed
to these remarks, and to give them that weight
to which the official character of their author
entitles them.
Now, lsubmitthese contradictory statements
to the House and to the country without a sin-
gle remark. But I respectfully suggest that the
Republican Governor of Alabama, living on
the spot, is likely to know as much as any one
in regard to the true condition of our people.
I am also satisfied that he is quite as credible
a witness in any court as is the Senator from
Indiana or any witness he has cited, though
that Senator may be one of those exception-
ally virtuous people who have the highest
authority for reckoning themselves in the cat-
egory of those who are permitted to throw
stones at others.
Why, sir, only this morning I saw a letter
from Colonel J. J. Giers, of Morgan county,
one of the three counties of Alabama in which
outrages have been committed, but not of a
political character nor in any way connected
with politics. Colonel Giers, everybody knows
who knows anything about him, has always
been a Union man and a Republican. And
what does he say? Why, he says that Morgan
county is peaceable and orderly. And Colonel
Giers also shows in his own case how untrue
is the statement that a Republican cannot be
outspoken and live safely m Alabama; for a
stronger and more outspoken Republican and
Union man I have never known.
But to my subject. Disobedience of law,
of some kind, obtains wherever man may be.
Unrestrained by the enforcement of adequate
and just laws, crime, in its different degrees, is
but the consequence and the corollary of dis-
obedience. As I-have already intimated, what-
ever of crime has since the war ot the rebellion
been committed in the South in excess or
former years, or in excess of what occurs m
any northern community, however peaceable,
may justly be imputed to the worthless char-
acter, with rare exceptions, of the incumbents
in office in the South. It is to me a surprising
fact that sensible men should think that any
other result than an increase ot offenses could
follow, when, by the disfranchisement effected
by the punitive legislation of the country, it is
a difficult thing to find any one who is not dis-
abled from holding any local, judicial, or admin-
istrative office, however high or humble, trom
that of the judge down to the overseer ot high-
ways and the constable.
My remedy for much of the disorder com-
plained of in the South is the immediate and
unqualified removal of all political disabilities
from all men everywhere to whom they have
been made to attach because of the rebellion.
Let this be done, and then, so far as my own
district and State are concerned, I am ready
to give the guarantee of what character I have
for intelligence or for patriotism that while
restoring to our best men and ablest statesmen
the privileges and the powers of administra-
tion in public affairs, in the affairs of govern-
ment, both State and national, we may reason-
ably expect, and can justly exact from them,
that which now can be neither reasonably nor
justly expected, to wit, an accountability for
crimes which it is not now in their power either
to prevent or to punish.
Mr. Speaker, I trust that, whatever opinions
may be entertained by others on the subject
which has suggested the remarks I have made
no one will doubt that in what I have said I
have expressed my honest convictions. I
have little fondness for mere speech-making
by any one; and I trust that the reserve which
I have maintained in that respect since I became
a member of the House will sufficiently attest
my reluctance personally to participate in such
displays. Whatever others may do, I cannot
afford to speak in the interest of party alone,
and for mere party advancement. On the sub-
ject which is now before us for consideration
I profess to speak not only in the cause of
Georgia, but in the cause of my State and peo-
ple, in behalf of other southern States and their
people, and in the interest of the people of the
whole country. I should cease to respect my-
self—the worst calamity which can befall any
man—if on such a subject as that to which lam
inviting the attention of the country I should
say aught which could be rightly charged as
springing from any other motive than an earnest
desire to further the cause of truth, of justice,
and of peace.
But it is often said that because no rebel has
been executed, therefore no Government ever
treated with such clemency, with such magna-
nimity those who had unsuccessfully attempted
to overthrow it as our Government had treated
those who were in arms against it in the late un-
happy struggle. Admit this tobe the case, has
not every other Government which punished
with vindictive severity those who committed
the offense of rebellion against its authority
always had reason to regret the exercise of such
severity? Can a single instance be cited from the
pages of history in which such severity is record-
ed, where experience has not shown that it was
unsupported by what a wise policy would dic-
tate, and the highest statesmanship approve ?
Has not the judgment of mankind stamped
with its reprobation every such instance ot vm-
dictiveness as alike inhuman and unwise ? Why
then, in this day of what is claimed to be an
advanced civilization, in this time when benevo-
lence and charity are claimed to have asserted
their ascendency in the hearts and minds of
men and women, assume so much credit for
magnanimity because a few hundred, more or
less, of the leaders of the late rebellion were
not executed upon the gibbetand their families
made beggars by the avenging edicts of the
conqueror
It needs but little reflection to determine
that such boasting is alike ill-timed and foolish.
I give it, however, as my candid opinion that
had the principal offenders in the late rebellion
been unwisely executed there would not have
been half the provocation for complaint nor a
tithe of the irritation in the dispositions of the
great mass of the southern people which has
been caused by what they justly regard as the
persecutions with which they have been indis-
criminately pursued since the suppression of
the rebellion. If the administrations in power
since the rebellion had punished and not per-
secuted the peace which our President invoked
at his inauguration would long since have been
assured everywhere in the South. Not that I
concede that dispositions unfriendly to the Gov-
ernment rightly administered exist to any con-
siderable degree in the southern States, but I
allege that wherever found they are tlie result
of causes to which I have" alluded, originating
since the war, and marking the mistaken policy
of reconstructian so far as it has been followed
by acts of proscription, disfranchisements, and
similar penalties, those legacies of arbitrary
Governments of other days whose examples,
instead of being followed, should only furnish
for our admonition illustrations alike of the
folly and weakness of their supporters.
It would, indeed, be a remarkable thing if,
beside^ all the other good things which con-
quering the rebellion did for the southern
States and people, it should have killed or
reformed all offenders against the law ! And
yet some of our indignant patriots at the othsr
end of the Capitol, and possibly some here,
seem to proceed on the assumption that such
a result was expected, for they certainly must
believe that almost every crime and every out-
rage committed in the South would not have
occurred but for the rebellion. How many
murders and other great crimes have been
committed from the basest motives in New
England since the overthrow of the rebellion?
How many such offenses are daily committed
in New York, in Chicago, in Cincinnati, in .St.
Louis, and other great cities of the country?
And yet it would justly subject me to derision
if I wore to impute these offenses to the teach-
ings of the dominant political parties of the
places in which they occur. So should sensi-
ble men scorn to believe the lying imputations
which would assign offenses in the South as a
general thing to causes other than those which
are everywhere operative in inducing to such
offenses.
An announcement was made the other day,
I trust, Mr. Speaker, with some authority, that
the distinguished soldier who occupies the
executive chair of the nation would, in a con-
tingency likely soon to occur, to wit, ths res-
toration of the last of the too long excluded
States to its proper place in the Union, commu-
nicate to Congress his recommendation of uni-
versal and unqualified amnesty to all persons to
whom disabilities attach by reason of complicity
with the rebellion.
I trust, I believe, that this prediction will have
a speedy fulfillment. I believe it because such
recommendation would be characteristic of the
magnanimous spirit which conceived and exe-
cuted the armistice of Appomattox. I believe
it because I know that the distinguished person
to whom I refer delights, when permitted to
follow the impulses of his generous heart, in
deeds of mercy and charity. And although I
am justly reckoned among his political oppo-
nents, I here in the presence of the Representa-
tives of the nation acknowledge the sentiments
of gratitude which I shall ever feel and would
with unfeigned grief be forced to abandon for
the many opportunities which through his in-
terposition were afforded me during the late
struggle of averting the asperities of war from
more than one stricken household; of causing
joy to be felt by more than one heart to which
it had long been a stranger, and of illumining
by the smile of happiness more than one face
which had long been disfigured by the pallor of
an almost hopeless sorrow. He and I may., by
the future antagonisms of political sentiments
and opposing policies, be long and widely sepa-
rated. But never can I forget, never can I cease
to cherish among the dearest treasures of my
heart the memory that it was to UJysses S.
Grant, to whom, under Providence, was as-
signed the command of the armies of the
Union, that I owed the opportunity of call-
ing from the military prisons of the North,
in anticipation of the general order tor their
release, many a brave confederate soldier-t>oy,
the victim perhaps of an inexorable conscnp-
tion, and of thus restoring to^ more than one
widowed heart its idol and its only remain-
ing solace, and of giving back to more than
one poor old father, stricken by the mfirmiues
