4116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
of many years and oppressed by the heavier
weight of sorrow, his youngest, perhaps his
only son, the staff of his declining days, which
were again to be gladdened by the assurance
that he whom he best loved had been spared
t,o close his eyes in that sleep which we all feel,
however vainly, cannot but need the watchful
tenderness and the kindly ministrations of
natural affection.
But, turning from this not unpleasing di-
gression, made for the sake of the homage
which is but due to generous action prompted
by magnanimous motive, I come back to my
subject. Believing, Representatives of the
people, that, by all the considerations of a
sound policy, in the interest of mercy and of
justice the heavy hand of power which now
oppresses the people whom I represent should
be lifted; believing, as earnestly as I believe
the articles of that religious faith which I pro-
fess, that this can be done with safety and the
amplest security for all interests and all classes
in the South, for the white man and for the black
man; knowing, as I do, that the stories which
are told you of wrong and outrage are, most
of them, the basest calumnies, and when true
arc assignable to causes for whose existence
no just responsibility can attach to the intelli-
gence or the character of the South, I beg. I im-
plore you to unshackle that intelligence, to
unloosen the chains which, if not removed,
will, I fear, leave in the South nothing worthy
of the name of character. Do this, and soon
again will that inviting and richly endowed
State which has given me a home more than
recover, not only in her material interests, but
in her moral aspects, all that she had lost by
the mistakes, or, if you please, by the folly of
those who ambitiously but vainly assumed that
she could be stricken from that once glorious
constellation of equal sovereign States which,
as emblazoned on our flag, but emblemizes
our Union and proclaims its invincibility.
Let this be done, and then will Alabama,
inviting to her embrace and to her affections
all who come to her as citizens seeking a new
home, and drawing closer to her heart those
whom she has long cherished as her children,
by the development of the wondrous treasures
of her hidden wealth, make a joyous reality
for the beautiful poetry of her name. There
all will indeed rest in peace and happiness;
not only the new comer, but the old master and
his former slave, now a fully enfranchised free-
man, with much of their ancient affection, and
more than their former prosperity. Each will
then be independent of the other, except in
those things in which we never can with safety
be independent of each other—I mean in the
offices of charity, those golden ligaments which
never gall by their oppression.
"A Government to be beloved must first be
lovely," is a true and wise saying which it be-
comes all to heed. It inculcates a lesson by
not learning which the Government of England
has engendered in the generous hearts of Irish-
men a hate so intense as to dely the efforts of
a better statesmanship to eradicate. There is
no hatred so defiant to the assaults of policy
as that which is traditional with a people. The
father's quarrel is often strengthened and in-
tensified in the hearts of his children. This
can be accounted for by causes which are most
philosophical. Time will cure many things,"
but there are some diseases too obstinate for
even the remedies so bountifully supplied from
that inexhaustible laboratory of cures. Among
these diseases are those chiefly whose chronic
character is confirmed by transmission to suc-
cessive generations. The old Carthaginian who
made his son to swear ever to hate and defy
the Roman power, understood how impregnable
is the stronghold of an hereditary hatred in the
human heart. Let us avoid these examples,
illustrating as they ever have, and ever will,
the criminality of those whoso act as to inspire
them, and the utter ruin of those who are so
unhappy as to be tempted to the indulgence
of, the terrible, passions which they inculcate.
Mr. Speaker, in the character I have given,
of the people of the State which I ha.ve the
honor in part to represent, you will find a
faithful portraiture of the people of Georgia.
Alabama and Georgia are sister States, lying
side by side. The beautiful river which finds
its sour.ces on the plains of northern Georgia
also fertilizes the valleys of my own State and'
washes the bases of the hills in which reposes
her inexhaustible mineral wealth. The same
sun which quickens by his genial rays the seed-
planted by the farmer of Georgia gilds with
beauty the mountain-tops of Alabama. The
people of the one State have all the generous
and"noble qualities which distinguish the peo-
ple of the other. And as I speak what I' kn ow
when I say that by no State will the lives, the
property, and the civil and political rights of
all men be more inviolably maintained than by
the State of Alabama, if permitted to govern
herself through rulers chosen from her own cit-
izens of intelligence and moral worth, so also,
from the best information I have received in
regard to the true condition of Georgia, from
trustworthy sources outside of the circle of
politicians who are arrayed against each other
in this unhappy contest, I cannot doubt that
it is our duty to give to that State the repub-
lican form of government guarantied by the
Constitution, which can only be assured by the
untrammeled expression of the will of her peo-
ple. Give also to Georgia that equal place in
the Union to which she is entitled, and from
which she has been so long unjustly excluded.
But in welcoming her back to the Union bid
her come clothed with all the insignia of free-
dom and all the rights of a free State. Leave
not upon her a single memorial to tell of the
chains by which she has been too long man-
acled. Efface, if possible, every memento
of her great offending and of her greater but
undeserved humiliation.
A single remark in reference to the partisan
aspects of this question and I have done. It
is my experience, Mr. Speaker, that if we
would arrive at just conclusions on subjects
as momentous as that under consideration,
our best sources of information are not to be
found with those whose personal relations are
too closely identified with such subjects. Al-
though 1 frankly confess that my views of the
policy which it will best become us to adopt in
regard to Georgia are nearly accordant with
those who oppose the purposes which the pres-
ent Governor of that State has labored so earn-
estly and by such expensive methods to induce
Congress to adopt, it is neither to the many
folios of pamphlets issued by Governor Bul-
lock nor, in any controlling sense, to those
who oppose the views, sinister or otherwise,
of that person that I have looked for the in-
formation which has determined my judgment
of the facts which make up the record of this
case. It is chiefly upon information obtained
from private citizens of respectability and char-
acter residing in Georgia that I have formed
my judgment. Mr. Bullock I have never per-
sonally known, nor do I expect ever to know
him. But having read the pamphlets with
which he has so frequently regaled us from the
prolific press of his favorite though expensive
chronicler in Washington, I have come to the
conclusion that it is more than probable had
Mr. Bullock never seen the State of Georgia
the peace and happiness of the people of that
State would have been much better assured.
I believe that but for Governor Bullock, who,
though a Northern man, was, as I am cred-
ibly informed, a rebel in the late war, and
therefore not unnaturally an intense Radical
if Radical at all since the war, not only would
Georgia long ago have been restored to the
Union and peace and order have been main-
tained throughout her borders, but milliousof
dollars would have been saved to the people of
the whole country, now overburdened by debt
and taxation. Mr. Bullock may not be that
unscrupulous bad man whom we sometimes
i encounter, who is a pest and a nuisance to aDy
community in which he may be placed, but I
hesitate not to say that it would have been bet-
ter for Georgia, better for the whole country,
better for everybody, better, possibly, for Bul-
lock himself, had he never left the place of his
nativity.
AIIl-LINE RAILROAD TO Sliff IOKK.
Mr. WINCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, repre-
senting the minority of the Committee on Rail-
ways and Canals, and having been prevented
by sickness from presenting my objections
when the bill to authorize the construction of
an air-line railroad from Washington to New
York was reported, and which is now pending
before the House and under the operation of the
previous question, I desire to avail myself of
the latitude permitted on this occasion to state
the reasons which impelled me to dissent from
the report made by my colleagues on the com-
mittee. Convictions which I could not disre-
gard compelled me to withhold my support
from this measure, and equally compels me to
protest against its passage.
The bill authorizes the building of a military
and postal railway from Washington, District
of Columbia, to the city of New York, running
through the States of Maryland. Pennsylvania,
Delaware, and New Jersey. For this purpose
itcharters a company composed of individuals
whose responsibility and honesty of purpose is
unknown to this House, and confers upon them
extraordinary corporate powers. Itpresents for
serious consideration questions of the gravest
magnitude. So far as the mere location and
construction of a railroad it may not present
any serious objections, and might pass unchal-
lenged. But its true character is easily discov-
ered in other features involved, and abounds
in mischiefs of various kinds. It embraces
great principles, which all, upon the least re-
flection, must see lie deep in the foundations of
our political organization; it ranges over a vast
field of constitutional construction ; it compre-
hends many of the most vital rights of the citi-
zen and the States—rights steadfast in funda-
mental politics, and which until recently were
supposed to be above and beyond the legisla-
tive powers of Congress j it proposes an enact-
ment unparalleled in the history of our national
legislation.
If the wit of the dominant party were tasked
to invent a cunniug, insidious plan by which
the last remaining shadow of State autonomy
should forever disappear in the overwhelming
power of a centralized nationality, it could not
devise one more powerful and certain to effect
this purpose than that involved in this char-
acter of legislation. Its inevitable result will
be to consolidate into one concrete mass all
the political powers so wisely distributed, and
unhinge the whole system of checks and bal-
ances established by men who had "no form
nor feeling iu their souls unborrowed from their
country." The most dangerous legacy of the
war through which we have passed is a uni-
versal licentiousness of opinion. It furnished
a fertile field for the savage energy of fanat-
icism; the theories of self-government were
ignored, landmarks effaced, and plain consti-
tutional principles trampled on to give full and
vigorous motion to the machinery of war. The
people did not pause to question the legality
or danger of these departures from the beaten
track. The clash of arms, the tumult and con-
fusion of battle fields, the anxiety and suspense
of the long-continued conflict diverted the pop-
ular mind from a proper consideration of the
innovations and heresies that were being intro-
duced in the political system. Apprehensions,
if any ever existed, were dismissed with the
simple reflection that the temperate counsels
of peace would reject the extravagant sugges-
tions of desperate war.
But, sir, as said by the historian, Hume,
"In all Governments there is a perpetual
straggle, open or secret, between authority
and liberty," and usurpation never goes back.
The most explicitly granted powers and rights
