2228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
the facts and arguments so fully presented, that
it would seem unnecessary to continue the dis-
cussion further; but remembering that the per-
sistent reiteration of free-trade sopliistriescan
only be met and refuted by repeated present-
ations of the wholesome principles of political
economy by which the prosperity and greatness
of our country has been secured, and actuated
by a desire to express my own convictions upon
the subject, I ask forashort time the indulgence
of the committee.
The President in his first annual message
to Congress used the following forcible lan-
guage :
"Our manufactures aroincreasing with wonderful
rapidity under the cncouragementthey now receive.
With the improvements in machinery already ef-
ieeted and still increasing, causing machinery to take
tho place of skilled labor to ft largo extent, our im-
ports of many articles must fall off largely within a
irery few years. 1 ortunately, too, manufactures arc
not confined to a few localities, as formerly, and itis
to be hoped will bceomo more and more diffused,
making; the interest in them equal in all sections.
They give employment and support to hundreds of
thousands of people at home, and retain with us the
means which otherwise would be shipped abroad.
'L'hc extension of railroads in Europe and the East is
bringing into competition with our agricultural pro-
ducts lileo products of other countries.
"iSolf-intorest, if not self-preservation, therefore,
dictates caution against disturbing any industrial
interest of tho country. It teachcs usaiso the neces-
sity of looking to other markets for the sale of out-
surplus. Uur noighbors south of us and China and
Julian .should lecuivo our siH'cial attention."
Tho thanks of the country are due to the
President fortliese broad, comprehensive words
ofwisdoui. They are certainly cheering and
refreshing in these days when free traders are
rampant in their efforts to overturn our Amer-
ican policy for the benelit of those whose
interests and pi maples are inimical to our
own. The language quoted breathes a, national
spirit, the more gratifying as the author comes
from a part of the Union now more particu-
larly devoted to agriculture, but which will ere
long become largely interested in manufactures.
Jfc is gratifying to know that the great manu-
facturing interests, which add so materially to
(ho wealth of (lie nation, are rapidly increasing,
not in any particular locality, but throughout
the whole laud. The great Northwest is leant
ing the advantage and necessity ol developing
her rich mines, of making her own goods, and
establishing markets at home for her agricul-
tural products. The South, emerging from her
ruins with labor emancipated, has discovered
within her midst new sources ot wealth and
power, and gone to work with a will, develop-
ing the rich mineral resources that have long
laid buiied and neglected in the earth, and
setting on loot entetprises for the mmmlaeture
of her great staple.
1 lie day is not iar distant when her line
water-power as n goes tumbling to the ocean
will be employed in turning thousands of spin-
dles, and tho wealth produced from raw mate-
rial by labor and skill be enjoyed by her own
people instead of the capitalists of Europe.
This rapid development, this wonderful in-
crease auddiffusionofmanufaetiiresare entirely
due to the encouragement a wise statesman-
ship lias afforded. Does not, then, '' self-inter-
est,_ if not self-preservation dictate caution
against disturbing any of our great industrial
interests?" Many of them are yet in their
infancy; all are struggling for firmer footholds,
and endeavoring to secure a higher degree of
perfection in the quality and character of thoir
fabrics; all need our fostering care while they
seek to develop into untold millions the wealth
that lies buried in our mountains and along our
valleys, that is grown upon our hillsides, on
the broad prairies of the West and the sunnv
fields of the South.
The history of the country shows that under
what were termed revenue tariffs, such as
those of 1834 and 1846, business was pros-
trated , merchants and manufacturers failed;
labor was without employment, the country
was drained of its gold, national credit was
lost, and ruin and bankruptcy followed as the
natural results. While, on the other hand.
when protection was kept in view, prosperity
reigned, business and labor everywhere were
active and remunerative, and our public debt
was extinguished. These facts are well known
to every student of our history, and the ene-
mies of protection seek to break their force
only by attempting to explain that they resulted
from other causes than those mentioned. The
attempt has been futile, for the effect has fol-
lowed the cause in either case so closely and
unmistakably, that none but the willfully blind
have failed to understand. All the fine-spun
theories of the free trader, and all the reams
of paper wasted in behalf of his darling meas-
ure, cannot disprove tho lessons the country
has learned in the practical school of experi-
ence. Let them be heeded now, or when the
history of the past has been repeated we shall
be forced to return to the policy of protection
that should not have been abandoned.
Before proceeding to discuss the necessity of
protection, permit me to refer to the argument
urged against its constitutionality. The pro-
scriptive course of Great Britain toward the
colonies with respect to their trade and manu-
factures was a fruitful cause of their separa-
tion, and it cannot be supposed that the actors
in the struggle for independence when framing
the Magna Charta of their country made it pow-
erless to protect American interests against the
strength and capital of England. The great
statesmen who made the Constitution certainly
had some idea of its powers, and we are not left
without their views on this question. The first
tariff act ever passed by Congress, July 4,1789,
was protective in its object and character, as
declared in the preamble, and it received the
sanction of Hamilton and Madison, and was
approvedand signed by President Washington.
This principle of protection here so distinctly
allirmed has been accepted as constitutional by
most of tho leading minds of the nation since
that time. The Constitution is comprehensive
in its character, with powers broad enough to
fully protect the nation's life from assaults at
home, and the nation's industries from destruc-
tion from excessive foreign importations.
Thenecessity for protection arises from the
fact of our greater rate of interest, less con-
centration ot capital, especially in manufac-
tures in a country where wealth is so generally
diffused, and from the higher rate of wages
paid American labor; all of which tend to
increase the cost ol production in this country
and render us unable to compete with other
countries on equal terms in our own markets.
The price of labor in this country, from its
freedom and diversityof employment, is nearly
twice that paid in Europe. When it is remem-
bered how fully it enters into every product,
particularly manufactures, in which it is the
chief item, it will be at once apparent that the
elfect of our higher rates is such an increased
cost of product as to operate seriously against
us. This difference must be equalized; not
by bringing our labor to a level with tho pau-
per labor of Europe, but by some system that,
while encouraging industry, will protect the
better wages paid Americau men and women
for labor. Except in the ease of a few indus-
tries where great skill and ingenuity have over-
come the difference against us, our manufac-
tures are placed atadisadvantsge in competition
with those of foreign countries. They should
have sufficient protection to compensate for the
inequalities of capital, and especially labor,
and that is all that is demanded aud all that
they should receive.
I know of but one method by which without
protection we can compete with the cheap
labor of Europe unless we can overcome all
difference by skill and machinery, which is not
possible, and that is by forcing down the price
of our labor to a level with that of Europe. The
day may come, and I trust is not far distant,
when emancipated, intelligent labor there will
compel capitalists to grant it ample remunera-
tion. The struggle has already begun in Eng-
land. Iler statesmen, as well as her working
people, are beginning to inquire whether a sys-
tem which enables England to maintain her com-
mercial supremacy at the expense of the men
and women whose muscle creates her wealth—a
system which degrades and impoverishes them
that her manufacturers and merchants may
increase their millions ; a system which forces
thousands to seek exile to distant colonies
where faithful, efficient, and skillful labor may
still buy bread, because they see nothing before
them in the future but the almshouse and pau-
perism when they are no longer able to work ;
whether such a system promotes the general
good of the nation and should be regarded and
continued as a blessing.
It is in view of this lamentable condition of
the working class that the cry is going up for
betterpay, withitsresults, abetter-f'ed, clothed,
and a happier and more contented people,
even if England should fail entirely to control
the markets of the world. The advancement
of the price of labor in Europe would greatly
tend to secure an equalization between the
industries of our people and those of that
country. Until then we ean in no other way,
protection out of view, continue the develop-
ment of our national resources, than by the
degradation of American labor. A proposi-
tion so opposed to the best interests of our
industrious laboring classes, and which would
eventually paralyze capital and bring ruin to
the nation, cannot roceive my support. I would
protect American industry, and thereby main-
tain the better compensation to American
labor.
If we propose to allow foreign manufactur-
ers, and in many cases agriculturists, to control
our markets and furnish us with their products,
while we sell where and when we can ; in other
words, if we are willing to become a mere
dependency upon Europe for our supplies of
manufactured goods, and be subject to the
capriccs of her markets for sales of our grain,
flour, beef, tc., there is no longer any need
of our American system. Let it be abandoned
at once, and we will soon reach that condition
of weakness and dependency which free trade,
organized and sustained by British capital, is
so earnestly endeavoring to secure.
All the essentials of national wealth and
prosperity are ours, the extent and importance
of which we are just beginning to fully realize:
free institutions and an intelligent people, a
climate aud soil of every variety and condition,
agricultural products of almost every kind and
description, and rich deposits of minerals of a
vastness not understood or appreciated by even
our own people. The important elements of
a nation's wealtfe and strength, iron and coal,
and whose use so surely indicates the advance
of civilization, are found in fields of almost
illimitable extent and mountains of unexplored
depth. The discovered coal area in Pennsyl-
vania, West Virginia, Maryland, and the South
and West exceeds 300,000 square miles, with a
capacity of supplying a far greater amount than
the present annual consumption—25,000,000
tons—for thousands of years, while the iron
heaped up in Pennsylvania, the Ironton region
of the Ohio, the country of the northern lakes,
in the Cumberland mountain range, in Mis-
souri,^ and along the Eocky mountains is inex-
haustible in quantity. These and other minerals
invite the hand of capital and labor to their
development. Millions of wealth lie buried
waiting lor the touch of industry to awaken it
from its slumbers to add to the national cap-
^u™'sh products to other countries.
With protection capital makes its investments,
labor receives good employment, mines are
opened, furnaces are erected, factories are put
in operation, and production is wonderfully —
increased.
Shall the activity now happily existing in
every industry under the present admirable
system continue, or shall we be subject any
longer to the humiliation of seeing foreign rails
laid over our iron mountains, and foreign man-
ufacturers and mercliantsdeluging our country
