1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
4/ 5
And here let me notice something that has
been frequently said in regard to the ratification
of the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments;
and the gentlemen on the other side of this
Chamber who have been arguing in favor of
these propositions declare that while they admit
the power of a State to assent to the adoption
of a proposed amendment to the Federal Con-
stitution after a previous Legislature1 had re-
jected it, yet they deny to a State the power
to recall her ratification, although the subject-
matter still remains in fieri, so that an approval
is permanent, but a rejection by a State is not.
Now, I would respectfully ask this question
of those gentlemen who have assumed that side
of the argument: suppose all the States should
reject a proposed amendment, the question of
its adoption, according to your way of stating
it, would remain open forever, for you would
still accord at any date in all coming time the
power to subsequent Legislatures to ratify what
had previously been so rejected. In other
words, your reasoning would bring you to this
result: that no amendment ever could be finally
rejected. That is about the proposition, that
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States proposed by Congress to the various
States must stand in scecula sceculorum until
it shall be adopted, for no adoption can ever
be retracted, but the rejections can always be.
If this is not a reductio ad absurdum I am
unable to state one.
Mr. President, yesterday I listened with much
interest and pleasure to the very able and elo-
quent speech of the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,] and I regret that
I had not the opportunity of reading it before
I submitted these remarks to the Senate. It
contained a very novel and ingenious method
for dissolving the Union, by all the States, by
means of conventions called for that purpose,
going back into their territorial condition, by
what might be termed a universal solvent for
melting away government. If the honorable
Senator applies for a patent I trust it will not
be granted to him; the invention is too fraught
with danger. In other respects his speech
struck me as containing much that was sound
in doctrine, and to much that he said I would
give a warm approval. But it is so now that
a man cannot make in this body a sound, con-
stitutional argument without being instantly
accused of tending to the Democratic party.
This is the great bogle with whose name Rad-
ical nurses frighten their unruly children into
quiescence. The honorable Senator seemed
disturbed in his mind-*-his prophetic mind—
inasmuch as it was to his vision quite possible
that for this sins of the Radical party Provi-
dence might permit the Democratic party again
to come into power. This, to my mind, would
be only another proof of Almighty beneficence,
that after all the crimes of this Radical party,
committed through so long a time and so often,
such mercy should still be extended to them;
and, believing in that beneficent spirit, I do
not doubt that we shall soon and at no very
distant day see this precise exhibition indicated
by the Senator of the forgiveness and care
which a kind Providence extends to sinful men
even in the midst of their wickedness.-
I rejoiced in the declaration of the Sena-
tor in favor of local self-government in our
State affairs; his denunciations of the insatiate
graspings of the central, congressional, impe-
rial power, and his predictions of the ruiifous
results to follow it. And I felt that when he so
spoke he represented a much larger constitu-
ency than he perhaps was aware of, and un-
consciously he became for that time an expo-
nent of the constitutional Democracy of the
nation.
Now, sir, if the doctrines enunciated in the
speech of that Senator yesterday, in regard to
the limitations upon the centralizing power
of the Federal Government, in regard to the
recognition of the wisdom and the necessity of
leaving to the State governments the control
ot those local matters and institutions, matters I
which so necessarily and reasonably belong to
them, can be followed out, and can be brought
in good faith into practice by the party of
which that Senator is so distinguished an orna-
ment, I will rejoice in their success. The
power and spoils of party which may attend
their political success I shall not envy, nor dis-
turb thoir enjoyment. To me the happiness
of seeing my native land once more enjoying
that civil and religious freedom which can
only exist under a Government of laws, under
a Government of well-defined and limited pow-
ers, will more than compensate for the absence
of the supposed exultation consequent upon a
mere partisan triumph.
But, Mr. President, after all, the conditions
contained in this bill, these shackles sought to
be riveted upon the neckB and limbs of the
people of Virginia and of Mississippi, are but
incidents to the whole system pursued by Con-
gress, and called "reconstruction." It has
often seemed to me only foolish to be strain-
ing at these legislative gnats when camels had
gone down the throat of Congtess with such
apparent ease and frequency. After all, sir,
what bald humbugs and wretched shams are
your reconstructed governments and your
"resuscitated States," as they have been
termed in the course of this debate ! What
honest man but must laugh in scorn at these
specimens of Radical manufacture, set up here
as republican States! They are the creations
of violence and revolution, based upon the
denial of every underlying principle of our
original Government. They are the products
of ruthless military rule, of fraud and force
combined. The intelligence and wealth and
moral worth of all these communities are utterly
proscribed, and ignorance and profligacy ex-
alted to high places of power. Look at Georgia
and Mississippi. The machinery of our own
constitution of government, designed only for
operation through the exercise of the will of a
free people, has been distorted and perverted
to purposes of tyranny and usurpation. Hence
the failure of all these schemes of reconstruc-
tion ; hence they will always fail, for you can-
not ingraft the principles of despotic power on
the tree of liberty. You may mutilate that tree
and insert your unnatural scions, but they will
never grow. You may continue by force to
pursue your method, and the tree may wither
and may die under your manipulations, but
you can never change its stock or make it bear
for any time the false fruit that you have sought
to ingraft on it.
Would to God the people of this broad land
could fully realize how fatal to the cause of
civil liberty, how hostile to the very genius of
our institutions, is the doctrine of coercive
powers, upon which now alone the Radical
party in Congress propose to govern this
country.
When will the leaders of that party recog-
nize the truth that the true strength of our
Government rests, not in the number of bay-
onets it can command to overawe and subdue
local discontents, not in penal statutes and
test-oaths and disfranchisements of the ablest
and most intelligent citizens, but in the love
and respect which exist in the' hearts of our
people toward it and their rulers ? That its
"cheap defense" will be the ramparts which
patriotic sentiments shall construct to guard
it, and that the " consent of the governed " is
the only just and firm foundation upon which
we can build our hopes for the perpetuation of
the free Constitution of our fathers, designed
by them to be our shield and safeguard against
all tyranny and usurpation, whether from within
or from without?
The southern States were overthrown in their
struggle for a separate national existence.
Heroes of the South gave up their swords to
heroes ofthe North, who received their paroles
of honor which have been kept ever since invi-
olate. Ghastly and dreadful as were the wounds
inflicted in that terrible struggle, yet at its close
there stood the great vis medicatrix naturae
ready and able to draw together the ragged
edges, bind up the lacerated parts, and let
them heal "by their first intention." Time
too, who lessens every human grief, would have
covered with his wings much of the natural
bitterness engendered in such a strife, and
steeped it in oblivion. If a wise and generous
Eolicy had in 1865 been proposed and followed
y Congress toward those who so lately had
confronted them in arms, but who had fully
and wholly surrendered the argument of force,
and had freely given the most unmistakable
evidence and pledges of their willingness to
acceptthe situation, and conform their former
Eretensions to the logical demands of events,
ow easy and how certain would have been
the restoration of that Union so dear to the
American heart ?
But, Senators of the Radical party, you pre-
vented this "consummation so devoutly to be
wished," and did it for the sake of party ends.
The South was down, and when she was down
you struck her. Your blows were foul bio ws, and
were not given in a fair fight. All Christendom
cried shame upon you as you inflicted them.
You have unnecessarily and wickedly added
humiliation to the cup of sorrow the southern
people have been compelled to drink, and drink
so deeply. A brave and generous people by
the fortunes of war were subjected to your rule.
Their hands were stretched out to you and
were rejected ; their honest pride ingeniously
and cruelly wounded; and you have lost that
confidence and friendship which, for the sake
of your country, you should have cultivated
and valued.
By your course of action- the people of the
other sections of the Union have been deprived
of their natural allies and auxiliaries in bear-
ing their vast burdens of national debt and tax-
ation, and the advancement of our country's
prosperity has been greatly retarded. You have
placed and kept the people of the South in
loathsome subjection to the most debased and
worthless classes of their inhabitants, at the
cost not only of justice, decency, and good gov-
ernment, but also at an enormous pecuniary
expense to the northern and western people.
And in order to accomplish all this, it was
necessary that you should disregard and vio-
late nearly every limitation imposed upon your
power by the Federal Constitution, and post-
pone almost indefinitely the time when the
Statesof the South shall be a source of strength,
happiness, and pride to those of the other sec-
tions of the Union. Will you be sustained in
all this by your people ? It is a grave ques-
tion, which for the sake of the Union of our
fathers I trust may soon be answered in the
negative.
Mr. MORTON. I desire, Mr. President, to
state that I have not intended, directly or indi-
rectly, to cast any imputation upon any Re-
publican member of this body who may differ
with me on this question. It is a question of
constitutional law upon which Republicans
have a right to differ, and do to some extent.
As far as the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Carpenter] is concerned, no one can doubt
his perfect harmony with the Republican party,
his devotion to its principles, and that he is a
Radical. I am sorry that he differs with me
on this question ; and I believe that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin himself, upon further con-
sideration, will see that the exercise of the
great power in the Constitution to guaranty a
republican State government must necessarily
involve the use of the proper means to accom-
plish that purpose.
The argument of the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayakd] maybe summed up in two or
three propositions: first, that the definition of
a republican State government is the same
now, notwithstanding the amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, that it was
in 1787, and that now, as then, a republican
State government is consistent with the slavery
of a majority of its people; that it is consistent
with a denial of all civil rights to a majority ot
