5080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Mr. JUDD. They must bo five-twenty bonds,
and whether the Secretary shall pay bond No.
1 in my pocket, or bond No. 2 in your pocket,
is a matter entirely in his own discretion.
Now, I am not prepared to give the Secretary
of the Treasury t.he power he would have under
the bill to take the coin derived from imports
and say, according to his own will, " I select
for payment these bonds of Mr J odd instead
of those of Mr. Hooper," I object to giving
that power to the Secretary of the Treasury,
to take money derived from imports and apply
it in payments for the benefit of favorites.
Let him apply the money derived from the
bonds issued in such form as he chooses, giv-
ing notice, as provided for in this section,
whether he pay the bond of my friend from
Michigan, [Mr. Ferry,] or my friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] or mine. It is
a fund raised to pay that class of bonds. But
when you come to the question of letting him
take another fund and select whose bonds shall
be paid that is opening a door and giving him
a discretion which I do not care to do. How-
ever honest a man lie may be I would not
place the Secretary of the Treasury under such
temptation, not even if he were as pure as the
angel Gabriel.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my formal amendment.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The more I think of it
the more I am satisfied that to strike out and
insert what the gentleman proposes alone
would not accomplish the good object intended
by him. I therefore move to amend his amend-
ment by adding these words, " or which he may
lawfully apply to such purpose." The gentle-
man from Illinois proposes to strike out the
words "which, in his opinion and discretion,
can be conveniently applied to that purpose,"
and to say that he is authorized with any coin in
the Treasury of the United States derived from
the sale of those four per cent, bonds, &c. I
propose language which is a further limitation
upon the Secretary of the Treasury. Suppose
the gentleman's amendment prevails without
my amendment, how then will it stand? Why,
the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and
instructed with the proceeds of these four per
cent, bonds to payoff the five-twenties, and he
is required to give notice of the particular
bonds that are to be paid and canceled by their
date, numbers, &c., three months in advance,
and thus stop the interest upon them; and
there he leaves it, and the Secretary would
have power, out of any funds in the Treasury,
to pay bonds which are duo or redeemable
without any requirement that he shall give
notice and stop the interest. I want the same
rule to apply, no matter what funds he uses. I
want it, of course, to apply as we have pro-
vided in the bill, and as the gentleman per-
haps makes a little more specific and clear by
his amendment so far as the proceeds of the
four per cent, bonds are concerned, that he
shall give notice and stop the interest, and
thus make it an inducement to the people to
bring forward their bonds and present them,
because they are drawing no interest. I want
to go forward a step and provide that in any
other payments he makes the same thing shall
be done. I repeat that I am not adding io the
power of the Secretary of the Treasury. On
the contrary, I go with the gentleman from
Illinois as far as he goes, and I go a step fur-
ther, and want, to apply that limitation to the
mode of payment to all bonds. And now I
will ask to have the section read as it will
stand if both the amendment and my amend-
ment to the amendment shall prevail.
The Clerk read as follows:
A iul he it further enacted, That tile Secretary of tbo
Treasury is hereby authorised and instructed, with
any coin in the Treasury of the United btates which
he may lawfully apply to such purposes, or which
may bo derived from the saleof anyoi' the bonds, the
issue of which is provided ior in this act, to pay and
cancel any six per cent, bonds of the United States,
&c.
The question was taken upon Mr. Schbxck's
amendment to the amendment; and it was
agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jbdd's
amendment, as amended ; and it was agreed to.
Mr. GUIS WOLD. I move to strike out the
section.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
that motion is put I move to amend the sec-
tion by adding to it the following:
But nono of said interest-hearing obligations not
already due shall bo redeemed or paid before matur-
ity, unless at such time United States notes shall be
convertible into coin at tho option of tho holder, or
unless, iiit such time, the bonds of the United States
bearing a lower rate of interest than tho bonds to bo
redeemed can bo sold at par in coin; and the United
States also solemnly pledges its faith to make pro-
vision at the earliest practicable period for tho re-
demption of the United States notes in coin.
I desire, if I can, to bring the attention of
the House to the scope and elfect of this amend-
ment ; and in the first place I would say that
up to the last of March 1 agreed fully, my whole
mind was convinced of the legal proposition,
that the law made the five-twenty bonds pay-
able in greenbacks. I never did doubt in
regard to that matter; and I am so constituted
that 1 am certain I never shall.
But last March a year ago, under the lead
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Sciienck,] and for the purpose
of making the five-twenty bonds payable in
coin, this House and the Senate, against my
protest, passed a law by which it was provided
that unless it was expressly stated in the bond
that they should not be paid in coin, all the
bonds of the United States should be payable
in coin. I denounced on the floor of this House
in no measured terms that legislation, which
I should not have done if I had thought it
would have made no difference. I am, then,
bound by the act of the Government of the
United States, in my judgment, improperly and
imperfectly done, but still an accomplished
fact, which declares that these bonds are now
payable in gold. 1 think it was a mistake, but
it is a fact.
Mr. COBURN. Is not that law repealable,
like any other?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Undoubt-
edly ; and there is where I think the owners
of the bonds made a great mistake in putting
the question not upon a contract but upon a
law of Congress which may be repealed here-
after ; and 1 argued against it on that ground.
That act to strengthen tho public credit was
not passed until we had put a rider on it, pro-
viding that "none of said interest-bearing obli-
gations not already due shall be redeemed or
paid before maturity unless at such time Uni-
ted States notes shall be convertible into coin
at the option of the holder, or unless at such
time bonds of the United States bearing a
lower rate of interest than the bonds to be
redeemed can be sold at par in coin." We
put that on in order that it might not be said
that we repudiated our greenbacks. In my
amendment I have embodied these words, cut
right out of the act to strengthen the public
credit, which I propose to add to this section,
so as to provide here, just as we agreed last
March a year ago, that we shall not pay our
live-twenty bonds until oar greenbacks are at
par in coin.
I do not mean to use any hard words about
anybody; but if I were to do so I should say
that it would be the meanest, the foulest of all
possible repudiation to undertake now to pass
a law for paying the five-twenty bonds in coin,
on thestrength of our legislation of a year ago
last March, and not, keep our greenbacks in the
same place they were put in by that legisla-
tion. In other words, we said a year ago last
March that we would not pay any of the five-
twenty bonds in coin untiithe greenbacks were
convertible into coin at the option of the holder.
It is now proposed, however, by this bill, to
borrow money with which to pay them in coin.
Very well; but I say not until the greenbacks
are at par in coin. Stand up to your past
legislation. And in order fhat we may do so,
I have offered this amendment, the very words
of which I have cut out of the law of March,
1869.
And I want to say one thing further. There
are two or three other lines in the act of March,
18G9, to strengthen the public credit: "And
the United States also solemnly pledges its faith
to make provision at the earliest practicable
period for the redemption of the United States
notes in coin." That being so, I do not want
any provision made for paying off our five-
twenty bonds at par in coin until the United
States notes are payable in coin. Let us stand
by the record. I therefore propose to add
those words also to this section of the pending
bill. I have cut them right out of the printed
copy of the act of 1869 to strengthen the pub-
lic credit, and I propose them as a provision
in this bill, as they were a provision in the other
bill. I do not think that repudiation should
be charged by the one side on the other, if you
are going to repudiate this contract which was
made against the people without ray consent.
I agree that as against the people you prom-
ised, a year ago last March, to pay these five-
twenty bonds in coin, when the contract did
not call for coin. But you said you would not
pay them in coin until you could also pay the
peoples' currency, the greenbacks, in coin.
Having said that, now stand by it; or go to
the people and say that all our legislation is
for the benefit of the bondholder and none of
it for the benefit of the people. Let us have
no mistake about this matter. And that there
might be none, I have cut the provision from
the book without dotting an i or crossing
a t, so that it should in no way bo different
from what we all voted for only a little more
than a year ago.
Whatisthe answer? Theanswer is that if
this view of the case be adopted you make
nothing out of the bill. I agree that I do not
think you will make much out of it; but is that
any reason why you should repudiate your past
legislation and your agreement with the people ?
Is it only repudiation when the contract pro-
posed to be repudiated is in behalf of the Gov-
ernment? Will you not stand by legislation
when it is in behalf of the tax-payers—the
men whose money is counted by tens, not by
millions ? Therefore it is I desire that we shall
not make this provision for paying bonds in
coin until we provide for paying the greenbacks.
Mr. BINGHAM, Mr. Speaker, if I have
any objection to urge against any part of the
amendment offered by the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bdtler,] it is
to its first clause, and only to that, because, as
he himself very well said, it makes the pending
bill, for the time being, worthless in aid of the
credit of the Government.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
not what I said.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; I did not in-
tend to misrepresent the gentleman. As to
the last clause, however, of the amendment, I
am decidedly in favor of it, for the reason that
it is a declaration on the part of the Congress
of the United States to carry out what was
embodied in the act of February, 18(>2, whatever
casuistry may attempt to set up to the contrary.
Mr. Speaker, it was my good fortune to open
the debate on behalf of the people, and on
behalf of the country, in tho month of Feb-
ruary, 18G2, when that act was passed, and
I, therefore, am able to say something con-
cerning the unwritten history of the period, in
vindication of the position ever since occupied
by the Republican party of the United States.
Whatever may have been said four or five
years afterward by the then chairman of a
Committee of Ways and Means, 1 assert that
no gentleman on this side of the House or on
the other side of the House intimated on the
day when that bill was pending, iu 1862, and
upon which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodward] has seen fit to make bis
