3172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Mr. DRAKE. The practical difference, I
would suggest to the Senator from Illinois) is
that the white people do not choose to go there,
but they are at liberty to go there if they please,
just exactly as in the case of the Illinois col-
lege, with which the Senator is perfectly famil-
iar, the colored people do not choose to go,
though they may have the liberty to go there.
Now, Mr. President, as the Senator from
Illinois has had his own sport out of this mat-
ter, I hope the Senate will agree to pass the
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. As I have been referred
to, 1 should like to ask the Senator from Illi-
nois if there are any words of exclusion in the
charter of this society or institution? Are any
persons excluded on account of color?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Sen-
ator from Ohio to say that practically in its
workings it operates in that way. I thought
probably the Senator from Massachusetts would
lie able to devise some amendment that would
get rid of that practical operation. They have
an institution in this city, a medical society,
that does not make any distinction in its charter
on account of color, but we know practically
from the Senator from Massachusetts that there
has been difficulty in that respect, and he pro-
poses to repeal the charter. I did not know
but that he might suggest a repeal of the char-
ter of the Wilberforce university, if practically
it is operating to the exclusion of white men,
although there is nothing in the charter that
prohibits white persons from being received.
But really, Mr. President, there is no prin-
ciple upon which this bill can stand. Unless
the Congress of the United States ia prepared
to appropriate money to all colleges and insti-
tutions of learning throughout the country
there is no basis on which this bill can be
supported. The principle upon which we took
charge of the colored people of the South at
the close of the war is a very different thing
from this. Then some three or fonr millions
of persons who had been in slavery all their
lives were made free in the midst of their mas-
ters, who were hostile to their freedom, and it
was necessary that the General Government
at the close of the war, and as a part of the
war policy of the country for securing the free-
dom of those persons, should temporarily take
charge of them in that locality; and where
lands in the southern States had been aban-
doned by their rebel owners and reverted to
the Government of the United States the Gov-
ernment made nse of those lands for the pur-
pose of placing upon them, in many instances,
this colored population, and they made nse of
other tracts of land for the purpose of educat-
ing and preparing them for freedom.
Bat, sir, that was understood at the time to
be a temporary policy. When we passed the
Freed men's Bureau bill, which I was in favor
of and took an active part in the passage of,
we passed it as a mere temporary measure. It
was never intended to be permanent. We
have prolonged it longer than was at first an-
ticipated. Bat the principle upon which the
Government took charge of this colored popu-
lation was a great national question growing
out of the war, and not upon the principle of
educating the people of the country by appro-
priations made by Congress. This fnnd which
is said to be on hand—I do not know where it
is now 
Mr. DRAKE. In the hands of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has not the Freedmen's
Bureau expired?
Mr. DRAKE. The educational branch of
it was specifically reserved in the act of Con-
gress which abolished the bureau.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Till when?
Mr. DRAKE. Indefinitely ; until this money
is exhausted, I suppose. The money is in the
hands of the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to the Sena-
tor from Illinois that there is a bill now pend-
ing in the Senate which will make over all
these funds, except that part which is to be
devoted to the subject of education, to the
War Department, and the entire administra-
tion of what has heretofore come under this
bureau will be by that bill made over to the
War Department, and that part which is to be
appropriated for education will be made over
to the Bureau of Education.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg the Senator from Illi-
nois, before he resumes the floor on this sub-
ject, to remember that if the fund be transferred
to the Bureau of Education, as stated by the
Senator from New Hampshire, it is to go on
with this same work down there in the South
for that purpose, and now the question is sim-
ply whether it is wise and expedient to take
$25,000 of the money to help this institution
that is to provide colored teachers for the
South.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say that it is no
part of the duty of the Bureau of Education, or
will not be any part of their duty under that
bill, to make appropriations to colleges either
at the North or South.
Mr. DRAKE. No.
Mr. PATTERSON. But simply to assist in
establishing common Schools for the education
of the common colored people.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi- j
dent 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand several
Senators are going to speak on the bill, and
it had better go over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am sur-
prised that there should be any serious oppo-
sition to this bill. Has the necessity for edu-
cating a whole race been done away with by
the expiration of three or four years? If it
was important in 1865 and 1866 that this race
should be educated, is it any less important
now? And here is a mere remnant of what
has already been appropriated for the educa-
tion of this race, which the Committee on Edu-
cation propose to rescue and devote to a more
important purpose. Is it not important that
we have colored teachers? Will they not be
more efficient than any others in the South ?
And from every State in the South have come
here loads of petitions in favor of this propo- i
sition, only asking twice as much as the com- |
mittee propose to give. They think it i3 im-
portant for their colored young men to go into
a free State in order to get an education, and
they prefer this in Ohio, which has been estab-
lished for years, to any and all others. This
measure makes no new appropriation, but it
merely diverts an existing appropriation to
what the committee deem to be a higher and
a nobler parpose. And while gratified at the
exhibition of humor here this morning, I must
say that I am surprised at any hostility to the
proposition presented.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I think this bill
wrong in principle, and that it ought not to
pass, both for reasons applicable to the proper
use of the public money and forreasons appli-
cable to the proper treatment of the youth of
the colored race. I think that the abstraction
of $25,000 from the common schools of the
southern States to be appropriated to a north-
ern college is a wrong never intended 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend will
allow me to correct that misapprehension.
He Bays this is a northern college. I assure
him that this institution was started for the
education mainly of young men from the south-
ern States. He calls it a northern college. It
was located in Ohio simply because the laws
of the slave States, when it was located, would
not allow or tolerate its location in the south-
ern States. It is not, therefore, an Ohio col-
lege, or even a northern college; it is a college
designed to educate young men as teachers in
the South. That is its purpose now, and it
simply took refuge in Ohio because there the
laws protected it. These young men are just
as much residents of the South and educated
for the South as if the college was located in
Kentucky, where we know public opinion
would not tolerate it at tho time.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWE. It is evident that this is going
to lead to more debate, and the rule does not
contemplate that. It had better go over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like to have a
vote, simply because Bishop Payne is here
taking great interest in it, and it ought to be
disposed of.
| Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. SUMNER. Does anybody object ?
Mr. FERRY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution will be passed over.
succession tax.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 830) for the relief of the Drew The-
ological Seminary of Madison, New Jersey, re-
ported adversely by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY. That being an adverse
report, I think the bill had better be indelinitely
postponed.
Mr. HARLAN. No; I think the bill ought
to be passed.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator can hardly
expect to defeat an adverse report by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think it is sus-
ceptible of discussion.
Mr. POMEROY. I will hear the bill read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state to the Senate
in a few words the facts with regard to this
matter. The Drew University paid $6,000
tax under the laws of the United Stales, and
now ask to have it refunded. Under the laws
of the United States it was properly collected
at the time. The same tax was imposed on
all other successions under similar circum-
stances. We have reported a bill to repeal
1 the law which levied the tax, but it takes effect
i in the future.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are yon going to pay back
all the taxes you have got ?
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill proposes to
refund the $6,000 paid. The Committee on
Finance were of opinion that we ought not to
go back and refund money, for if we commence
doing it we shall have to refund the whole suc-
cession tax, and we cannot attempt to draw nice
distinctions as between the charities that have
paid this money. Of course we do not want
to stand in the way of Drew University orany
other good college or institution of learning.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that there is
probably no other just such case as this. This
is a double tax, as I understand it. When the
lands were bought, on the deed for which the
stamps amounted to five or six thousand dol-
lars, the party making the deed put on the
stamps covering the tax 
^tr. SHERMAN. The purchase was $100,-
000. The grantor undoubtedly attached the
stamps, which would be $500—-not what the
Senator states.
Mr. HARLAN. That is part of it; but
the deed was made to a trustee, because at
the time the institution was not incorporated.
This is evidently a just thing to be done. That
part at least ought to be refunded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They paid like anybody
else, the stamps.
Mr. HARLAN. They paid twice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How so?
Mr. HARLAN. Because the deed was made
to a trustee on account of the institution not at
the time being incorporated, and after the act
of incorporation passed the trustee conveyed it
to the institution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is like all other
cases of the transmission of trusts.
Mr. HARLAN. Usually in making such a
donation there is but one conveyance, directly
from the donor to the institution. There are
but very few such cases, I suppose, in the Uni-
ted States; and if it is jnst infuturo to remit
this tax, it is just to those on whom the tax
has previously been levied.
