270
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Garfield.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
$1,290,000,000, and when the last gun was fired,
our war had cost more than $8,000,000,000.
The immediate effect was a rapid advance />f
prices; and, from 1861 onward to 1866, the
prices of all commodities rose to a much higher
level than ever before. That was a period of
great industrial prosperity, such as a rising
market always brings; but it was an unnatural
condition which could not long continue.' Our
taxes were adjusted to the grand scale of war
expenditures arid war prices.
During the last four years, the annual ex-
penditure of the Government has averaged
$366,000,000, and this sum has been annually
raised by taxation. No one will deny that this
weight of taxation as compared with that before
the war has been a powerful cause of the in-
crease of prices, and that reduction of taxation
will aid in reducing prices. The great volume
of our depreciated currency has also exercised
a most important influence on prices, but this
is not the occasion to discuss it.
From 1866 onward, we have been gradually
passing down toward the old level of prices. But
what has been the effect of our being above it ?
This, that ours has been a good market for
imports but a poor one for exports. Many of
the foreign markets which we largely con-
trolled before the war have been practically
closed against us. For some commodities,
such as breadstuff's and provisions, we still have
a large market abroad. But if you draw a line
through the list of all our exports and place pro-
visions above it and all other commodities
below it, you will find that while the first class
has somewhat increased, the second has greatly
fallen offduring the last fouryears, as compared
with a corresponding period before the war.
During the four years preceding the war, the
value of our domestic manufactures, exported
to other countries was §168,000,000, an aver-
age of $42,000,000 a year; while the total for
the four years after the war was but $132,-
000,000, an average of $33,000,000 a year.
Take, for instance, our exports to these coun-
tries^ that lie within the bounds of the western
hemisphere—countries that would naturally
draw their principal supplies from us. It will
be found that in our exports to all these coun-
tries there has been agreat falling off. I have
obtained from the official records some facts
which strikingly exhibit the decrease of our trade
with some of these countries. For instance,
during the four years previous to the war, the
total value of our domestic exports to Canada
amounted to $79,000,000; and the total value
of imports from Canada during that period
amounted to about $82,000,000, being an
average of about $20,000,000 a year, and the
imports and exports being nearly equal. But
during the four years ending with June 30,
1869, the value of all our exports of Ameri-
can products to Canada has been a little less
than $93,000,000; while the value of our im-
ports from has exceeded $150,000,000.
Our domestic imports to the Sandwich Islands
during the four years before the war were valued
at $2,630,000, and our imports thence $1,578,-
000. During the last four years we have ex-
ported to them $3,465,000; and have pur-
chased from them $5,181,000.
_ Or, to illustrate still more forcibly the con-
dition of our foreign trade, I will exhibit the
value of four leading articles of domestic pro-
ducts exported by us in the years 1860 and
1869, respectively, both being reduced to gold
valuation:
1860. 1869.
Cottons...... .$10,900,000 81,400,000
Iron machinery.   6,514,000 809,000
Manufactures of copper and
„ brass  1,664,000 444,000
Carriages  816,060 298,000
$17,894,060 $5,951,000
This shows a falling off of more than 75 per
cent.
Now, without in any way indorsing the old
theory of the balance of trade, I point out
these facts to show that the markets of neigh-
boring countries are not buying our products
in the same proportion as before the war ; and
for the manifest reason that prices here have
been so high in comparison with prices in other
countries, that they cannot afford to purchase
of us, but can more profitably sell to us for
cash or bonds, and buy their products else-
where.
One of the most efficient methods of en-
couraging home industry is to secure exten-
sive markets, and to do that prices here must
be so adjusted as to open to our trade more of
the markets of the New World. This would
afford a steady and constant demand for all
the products of our industry and give greater
stability to business, and restore to life our
almost ruined commerce.
We shall find the great remedy against these
evils, in the continued decline of prices, until a
point is reached where we can produce com-
modities for export at such a rate as will give
us a reasonable chance in the markets of
the world. When that time comes, the chan-
nels of trade will again be more fully opened,
and the currents will flow outward as well as
inward. Now, I do not suppose, Mr. Chair-
man, that we shall, for a quarter of a century,
reach the old level of prices; for with $250,-
000,000 of taxes to be paid every year, prices
cannot go down where they were when we paid
but $50,000,000 or $60,000,000 a year.
But prices must, nevertheless, go down nearer
to the old level than they now are ; and all our
legislation in which this great economic truth is
not recognized will be mistaken legislation.
Indeed, 1 fear that the downward movement is
too rapid for safety. Since this session began
prices havegreatly declined ; and when the cost
oflivinghasso fardeereased that the laborer can
lay by as much profit at a smaller rate of wages
as he can at present rates, the business of the
country will be healthier and the foreign trade
more abundant and advantageous. The labor-
ing man will not suffer by this, for it is not the
gross amount he receives, but the amount he
can save after paying expenses, that determines
his prosperity. Congress has already done
much to aid in this reduction of prices.
In 1866, when we reached the highest point
of taxation, expenditures, and prices, Congress
began the work of reduction. In the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Ninth Congress we reduced
the internal revenue taxes to the amount of
$60,000,000. In the second session we reduced
them $40,000,000 more. In the first and second
sessions of the Fortieth Congress we reduced
them$70,000,000more. Thus,inaspaceoftwo
years and a half, we reduced the burdens of the
country $170,000,000. We not only reduced,
but we simplified taxation. It was simplified
in many ways. Where taxes were duplicated,
complex, and annoying, they were simplified,
and, as far as possible, removed from industry
and imposed upon vices, luxuries, and realized
wealth. Our present system of internal taxa-
tion, as modified by recent legislation, applies
almost exclusively to these three classes of
objects.
First, we tax the vices of the people, if that
term may be properly applied to some of their
social habits. The smokes and drinks, and
chews of the American people pay almost
one half of the taxes now collected under our
internal revenue laws. In the next place we
tax the luxuries of the people. Nearly one
quarter of the internal revenue taxes are col-
lected from that class of articles. And finally,
we tax realized wealth in the shape of income,
sales, and gross receipts. These three classes
cover nearly all the objects of internal taxa-
tion ; and the system, though susceptible of
improvement and still greater reduction, is
eminently wise. It must be admitted that the
income tax is vexatious and inquisitorial, and
I hope our revenues will soon allow its aboli-
tion.
While we have made these heavy reductions,
and thus greatly relieved the burdens of the
people, there has been no substantial reduc-
tion of the taxes on imported goods. On all
other things we have reduced the war rates.
We mustered out our great Army and Navy,
sold off our material of war, reduced the
heavy war rates on internal taxation, and gen-
erally have readjusted our affairs to the con-
ditions of peace. The demand is now made
from many parts of the country, and not with-
out reason, that the war tariff shall also be
adjusted to the conditions of peace. And this
brings me to the bill now pending before the
House. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Schenck] in his clear
and vigorous speech yesterday, gave us an out-
line of its provisions. He tells us that it reduces
the rate of taxation on six classes of articles,
namely, sugar, spices, coffee, drugs and dyes,
pig iron, and a large class of miscellaneous
articles. I understand him to say that the
bill reduces taxation about $23,000,000 in the
aggregate. That would leave us a gold revenue
from imports of about $160,000,000, a sum
sufficient for discharging the annual interest
on the public debt and 1 per cent, per annum
of the principal.
Besides this proposed reduction, my colleague
says there are two other leading objects em-
braced in the bill: first, to readjust the rates
on many articles subjected to duty by leveling
them up or down, as the case may be, without
materially changing the average duty; and
second, by changing ad valorem to specific
duties, wherever it can safely be done, in order
to prevent fraud by undervaluation at the cus-
tom-house. These, if I understood my col-
league, are the chief objects of this bill; and in
the main they meet my full approval. The
general plan is a good one, though on its details
there may be difference of opinion.
In addition to these objects I desire to sug-
gest a principle that ought to be applied to this
and all our tariff legislation. So far as it can
reasonably be done, the system of customs
duties should be so simplified that there shall be
as little duplication of taxes as possible. We
ought to do for the tariff laws what we did in
1866, 1867, and 1868 for the internal revenue
laws, when we removed taxes from the separ-
ate processes and imposed them mainly on
completed products.
Mr. Chairman, though I shall reservo my
remarks generally on the items of the bill till
we reach them in the regular course of the
debate, yet I will take this occasion to refer to
one matter here treated which deeply concerns
the people of many localities. I refer to the
duties on iron in its various forms. I doubt if
there is any man on this floor whose constitu-
ents will be more seriously affected by the pas-
sage of this bill than my own; and I should
not do justice to them, nor to the truth, if I did
not exhibit to the House precisely the effect of
this bill upon their interests.
I will here take the liberty of inserting a
letter from the assistant assessor of internal
revenue, which shows only in part the manu-
facturing industries of the district I repre-
sent:
United States Internal Revenue,
Assessor's Office, Nineteenth District, Onrio,
Warren, February 14, 1870.
Dear Sir: Yours of February 6 instant, inquiring
as to the extent of the manufacturing interests of
the nineteenth district, is received. 1 have caused
my clork to prepare from the books of this office a
statement of sales of the principal manufactures of
the nineteenth district, Ohio, for tho year ending
