1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3173
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
**The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
remit the succession tax levied on the convey-
ance by Daniel Drew of one hundred acres of
land, with buildings thereon, in Madison town-
ship, Morris county. New Jersey, to the trus-
tees of the Drew Theological Seminary of the
Methodist Episcopal church, assessed August
1. 1808, by the assessor for internal revenue
in the fourth division, fourth district, State of
Kew Jersey, and to direct the proper officers
of lie Treasury to return the amount of the
to the trustees or their authorized agent,
if the tax shall have been paid before the
passage of the act.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, at an
early da; in the session I introduced a bill for
the'purpose of relieving the payment of suc-
cession tax on public charities, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, reported
favorably with some amendments, and has since
passed the Senate. The principle of that bill
is eminently proper. The subjects of taxation
are property. 1 he Government of the United
States undertook, during the necessities of the
war, not to tax property, but to tax widows
and orphans, who, if not relieved by private
charity, would be burdens upon the public, the
community. They taxed the charity that kept
those parties from being public burdens. The
principle is admitted to be wrong, and the Sen-
ate has voted to repeal the law. The object,
however, of my introducing that bill has en-
tirely failed, for this reason: the case that I
alluded to was that of the distinguished en-
gineer, John A. Roebling, who died some six
months ago and left to two of the best chari-
ties in our State—tHt Widows' Home and the
Children's Orphan Asylam—$20,000 each.
They are institutions which have no means
whatever, but are dependent from day to day
upon the charity of those among whom they
•re located. Upon these bequests the United
States attempted to levy this tax, and did levy
it. Upon this question the Finance Commit-
tee and the Senate agreed with me; but on a
recent visit home I found that the tax had been
collected and levied since I introduced the bill,
asd the money is in the hands of the Govern-
ment, though my bill has passed the Senate,
asd the Senate has approved the principle of
it. That is a very strong case.
Kow I will offer some amendments to this
bill, which I will state to the gentleman who
introduced the bill have no other effect, and
are intended to have no other effect, than to
place the case of Mr. Roebling's bequests
withia the terms of his bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I might as well
put an end to this by objecting to the consider-
ation of the bill; and I will state the reason I
do so. There are many cases of this kind ; I
know there are half a dozen bills pending for
the remission of these taxes. If we do it in
one case we ought to do it in all. The Hoase
of Representatives have not yet passed our bill
repealing the tax in the future. It is therefore
useless to send them billsof this kind. I object
to the consideration of this bitl.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
go over.
ni^r" STOCKTON. Will not the Senator from
Ohio permit my amendments to be read?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
«at. If any proposition passes on the subject
it ought to be general in its character, repiit-
"ngall taxes of this kind.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
®entg of the Senator from New Jersey will be
read.
1 he Secretary. It is proposed in line nine
to insert after the words "New Jersey'' the
words: "And also the succession taxes
Msessed and paid on the bequests of the late
ohn A. Roebling, deceased, of New Jersey,
in favor of certain public charities in the city
renton." And in line ten to strike out
  and to insert "are."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
now be passed over, under the objection of the
Senator from Ohio.
COURTS IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 890) to change the place
of holding the courts of the United States for
the northern district of Mississippi, which was
passed over at my instance yesterday. It is
merely to change the place ofholding the court
in the northern district of Mississippi. It was
passed over in order that I might confer with
the Senators from that State in regard to an
amendment. I have since seen them, and the
bill as reported is satisfactory, and I ask that
it be put on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 390) to change the
place of holding the courts of the United States
for the northern district of Mississippi, the
pending question being on the amendments of
the Committee on the Judiciary, to strike out
"Corinth" in line five and insert "Holly
Springs," and to add to the bill the following
words:
And no recooniiance, writ, proccss, order, or notice
now returnable in said court at Oxford 8halt bo
affected by said change, but shall be deeuted return-
able at Holly Springs.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
REMOVAL OF CAUSES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
{S. No. 844) for the removal of causes in cer-
tain cases from the State courts to the United
States courts, and for other purposes.
The bill was read.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not rise to dis-
cuss now the merits of the propositions con-
tained in that bill. It is of too important a
character to be passed summarily in this man-
ner. It is the first time I have heard it read.
It takes away from the States, on the mere fil-
ing of an affidavit by a party in a civil action,
the right to administer their own laws, and
confers jurisdiction with the courts of the Uni-
ted States. I object to the present consider-
ation of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to the bill goes oyer.
HARRIETT DBWITT MITCHELL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 845) granting a pension to Harriett
Dewitt Mitchell; which was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The Secretary of the Interior is di-
rected by the bill to place on the pension-roll
the name of Harriett Dewitt Mitchell, invalid
daughter of Ormsby M. Mitchell, late inajor
general of volunteers, who died at Beaufort,
South Carolina, on the 30th of October, 18G2,
of yellow fever, contracted while in the line
of his duty and in the service of the-United
States, and that she be paid a pension of thirty
dollars per month during her natural life, to
commence on the 31st <*!' October, 1862..
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for & third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HOWE. Is there any report accom-
panying that bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
report.
Mr. HOWELL. I will state the facts in
regard to this case. The reputation and career
of Major General O. M. Mitchell are familiar
to the country and are on record. The only
additional circumstance in this case is, that i
having died, he left a family of six children, j
but no widow. They are all in moderate or i
straitened circumstances. Harriett Dewitt
Mitchell has been afflicted with a spinal com-
plaint, and nnable, although a lady of accom-
plishments and education, to do anything for
her own support. She has constantly in at-
tendance upon hera physician and is in needy
circumstances, and in every way an object
which should excite the sympathy of the coun-
try. She is now some thirty-six years of age,
and there is no other claim upon the Govern-
ment except in her behalf by the family of
General Mitchell.
The bill was passed.
REBECCA SHOEMAKEU.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. S4ti) granting a pension to llebecca
Shoemaker; which was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Rebecca Shoemaker,
widow of Absalom Shoemaker, lato a private
in company I, of the twenty-first regiment of
Ohio volunteers, upon the pension-roll of the
United States, and to pay her a pension at the
rate of eight dollars per month, commencing
from the 7th of June, 1862.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
iioe's patent.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 847) to extend the term of the letters-
patent issued to Richard M. Hoe.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes
to extend the letters-patent granted to Richard
M. Hoe, on the 24th of July, 1847, for improve-
ment in printing-presses, forfourteenyears from
that date, (which letters-patent were extended
by the Commissioner of Patents for the farther
termofseven years from the 24 th of July, 1861,)
for the further term of seven years, commenc-
ing on the 24th of July, 1868, and ending on
the 24th of July, 1875, for the benefit of Rich-
ard M. Hoe, his heirs and legal representatives,
upon the conditions set forth in the bill. The
Commissioner of Patents is directed, upon the
presentation of the patent and the payment of
' the fees and charges provided by law, to make
a certificate of the extension thereon, and to
cause the record of such extension to be per-
fected and entered on the records of the Patent
Office. And the letters-patent so extended
are to have the same effect as if originally
granted for the term extending to the end of
the term to which it is extended by the act;
but the extended patent is to be open to legal
inquiry and decision in the same manner as if
issued under the general law relating to patents,
and all persons enjoying the lawful use of the
improvements described and secured by the
letters-patent may continue in the use thereof
without further payment therefor, and the pur-
chaser of any machine so in use may continue
to use the same as if the act had not been
passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How is that bill reported,
favorably or without any opinion ?
The Secretary. Favorably.
Mr. FERRY. Without any recommendation
at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
Teport accompanying the bill.
The Secretary. The report concludes as
follows:
The committee recommend the passage of the
accompanying bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the report.
The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Hamilton, of Maryland,
from the Committee on Patents, on the 27th
of April:
The Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
the petition of Bichard M. Hoe, praying an exten-
sion of his patent for an improvement in printing
machines, beg leave to submit the following report:
During the second session of the Fortieth Congress
this petition was before the committee, and after
careful consideration the eommittco reached the con-
clusion to report the facts in the caso to the Senate
without recommending action thoreon. The com-
mittee find no evidence in the case, and perceive no
reason to change thoir previous action. They there-
fore adopt their former report, which i* as follows:
• The petitioner sets forth his claim in the following
b*rms;
