1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4117
of the States have thus been covered with
unmerited reproach, and there is a growing
disposition to look exclusively to the General
Government as the great source of all power
and privilege and dispenser of all benefits; to
urge upon the national authorities the exten-
sion of the sphere of its legislative action far
beyond its original and proper limits. The
States, we are told, have fulfilled their func-
tions, and should henceforth have no more
than a mere nominal and permissive existence,
the welfare and "progress'1 of the Republic
requiring the concentration of all governmental
powers into one hand. The effete principle of
local self-government must be laid aside, and
the old Roman idea of solidarity established.
This doctrine, through such instrumentalities
as this bill, is gradually filching from the people
and the States the powers and rights and priv-
ileges expressly in our organic law for then-
protection, and will build up a corrupt and
dangerous oligarchy that will drive the people
to revolution to regain their stolen rights, or
form the steppiDg-stone to an absolute despot-
ism.
This fear, sir, was predominant in all the
conventions called to adopt our Federal Con-
stitution ; and even in the Massachusetts con-
vention we hear from l?isher Ames that—
"No argument against the new plan had made a
deeper iuipiession than this, that it wilt produce a
consolidation of the States. This is an effect which
all good men deprecate. The State governments are
essential parts ot the system."
The eloquent warnings of New England's sou
has been unheeded, and his fear is nigh unto
fulfillment. Mr. Speakei, 1 fear that the mem-
bers of this House do not approximately realize
the full scope and effect of this bill. I fear
that it has not received the calm aud careful
analysis which it deserves. Its magnitude
should exclude precipitation, and should ad-
monish us to delay and ponder well before we
decide. Let those who would seek to justify
their action by the "logic of events," or the
horror of " soulless corporations," reflect that
they propose to convert Congress into a great
" manufaetureof corporations far more grasping
and insatiable, as they will be far less respect-
able, than theonesyou propose to sweep away.
I desire now briefly to examine the consti-
tutional power by which this measure is at-
tempted to bo sustained. Has Congress the
right to grant an act of incorporation to build
a railroad within the States? The power of
Congress to grant charters of incorporation has
heretofore been held by our wisest statesmen,
regardless of political bias, to be confined to
corporations whose operations were to be lim-
ited within the District of Columbia, or cor-
porations necessary as "an instrument for
carrying into effect the powers vested in the
Government of the United States." (Osborne
vs. United States Bank, 9 Wheaton, pugeSGO.)
It is impossible, and is in conflict with the
whole theory of republican governments, that
a national Legislature can legislate wisely in re-
gard to the local concerns of a widely-extended
country. The very conception of self-govern-
ment is founded on the ability and willingness
of the people to take care of their own affairs,
and the absence of that disposition which looks
to the General Government for everything. It
cannot exist where the general principles ot
interference prevails, to do all it possibly can
do, and substitute its action for individual
activity. Self government is the corollary of
liberty ; it may be said to be liberty in action.
It requires a pervading conviction throughout
the whole community that government should
do nothing but what it necessarily must do, and
which cannot or ought not to be done by self
or State action.
The common action of the Government in
our system should be regulative, moderative,
adjusting. Otherwise, our legislation can only
he extremely disastrous. The assumption ot
such foreign powers as are here desired would
obviously be utterly subversive of the whole
practice of the Government from the adop-
tion of the Constitution. The principle once
admitted, will in effect annul all State char-
ters to private corporations, interfere with the
large capital which the States and citizens
have already invested in their great works of
internal improvements, and obliterate State
lines, if it does not subvert the State govern-
ments. In the message of President Monroe
of December 2, 1817, we find these views in
regard to the power of Congress over internal
improvements forcibly presented. He says :
"A difference of opinion has existed from the first
formation of our Constitution to tho present time
amoDg our most enlightened and virtuous citizens
in regard to the right of Congress to establish such a
system of improvement. Taking into view tho trust
with which I am now honored, it would be improper,
alter what has passed, ttiat this discussion should be
revived, with an uncertainly of opinion respecting
the right. Disregarding early impressions, I have
bestowed on the subjcct all the deliberation which
its great importance and a just sense of my duty
required, and the result is asottled conviction in my
mind that Congress do not possess the right."
Such a power is wholly unwarranted by any
clause in the Constitution. No one, 1 suppose,
would contend that any such express grant
appears oil the face of that instrument any-
where. The framers of the Constitution did
not intend to give any such power to Congress,
and the proposition to do so, offered by Dr.
Franklin, " to provide for cutting canals where
deemed necessary," was absolutely refused by
a decided majority. In the debates as recorded
in the Madison Papers (volume three, page
1570} we find an interestingaccount of the effort
made to insert this power in that instrument:
"Dr. Franklin moved to add after the words "post
roads,' article one, section eight,a power 'to provido
lor cutting canals when deemed necessary.'
"Mr. Wilsox seconded the motion.
"Mr. Sherman objected. Tho expense in such case
will l'.iil on iho United States, and tho benefit acoruo
to the places where tho canals may bo cut.
"Mr. Wilson". instead of being an expense to the
United States, they may be made a source of reve-
nue.
"Mr. Madison suggested an enlargement of tho
motion into a power ' to grant charters of incorpor-
ation where tho interests of the United Stalesmight
require,' and the legislative provisions of individual
States may be incompetent. His primary obieet,was,
however, to securc an easy communication between
tho States, which the free intercourse now to bo
opened seemed to call foi. The political obstacles
being removed, a removal of tile natural ones, as
far as possible, ought to follow,
"Mr. Randolph seconded the proposition.
" Mr. King thought the power unnecessary.
"All-. Wti.sox. It is necessary to prevent a State
from obstructing tho general wolfaro.
"Mr. Kinu. Tho States will be prejudiced and
divided into parties by it. tn Philadelphia and New
York it will be referred to the establishment of a
bank, which has been tho subject of contention in
those cities. In other places it will bo referred to
mercantile monopolies.
"Mr. Wilson mentioned tlie importance of facili-
tating by canals the communications with tho west-
ern settlements.
"The motion being so modified as to admit a dis-
tinct question, specified and limited to the case of
canals, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Georgia voted
for tho proposition; New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts, Connecticut, New Jersey, Delaware, Mary-
land, North Carolina, and South Carolina voted 'no.'
The other part fell, of course, as including the power
rejected."
Thus it is seen that the proposition of Mr.
Madison, enlarging upon the idea of Dr.
Franklin, proposed to give Congress the very
identical powers contained in this bill, but
after full discussion it was expressly denied by
the Convention.
We have also the subsequently expressed
concurring opinions of Madison and Monroe.
Then comes the memorable Maysville road
veto, May 27, 1830, in which that fearless
patriot, General Jackson, referring to^ this
power of Congress to invade the sovereignty
of the States, said: ;
"Although frequently and erroneously attempted, ,
the power to this extent has never been exorcised by ;
the Government iu asingleinstance. It docs not,in ;
my opinion, possess it; and no bill, therefore, wlnca
admits it con receive my official sanction,
Following this clear exposition of the Con- ;
stitution, President Polk, in his message of -
December 15, 1847, said: ;
" This power to make a road or canal, or dig up the
bottom of a river or harbor, implies a right in the soil '
of the State and a jurisdiction over*it, for which it
would bo impossible to find any warrant. Tho States
were particularly jealous of conceding to the ©en-
oral Government any right pf jurisdiction over their
soil, and in tho Constitution restricted the exclusive
jurisdiction of Congress to such places as might be
purchased, with the eousent of the States in which
tho same shall be. for tho erection of forts, maga-
zines, dock-yards, and other needful buildings. That
the United States should be prohibited from pur-
chasing lands within the States without their con-
sent, even for the most essential purposes of national
defenso, while left at liberty to purchase or seize
thein for roads, canals, and other improvements
of immeasurably less importance, is not to be oon-
ceivod."
This very thing is proposed to be done by the
seventh section of this bill, in the name and on
behalf of the United States. Tempora mutan-
iur, nos el mutamur in Mis.
I venture therefore, Mr. Speaker, to assert
that there is certainly nothing iu the language
of the Constitution as it now stands, ot1 as it
was originally made, or as it was understood
by the Convention while making it, or as it was
always construed by the great men who took
part in that Convention, which gives Congress
the power to grant this railroad incorporation.
Cut the advocates of the bill, forced to admit
that they can find no direct or expressed power
to sustain their position, are driven to the vague
and indefinite defense that it is an " incident
to an expressed power." What "expressed
powers" are in that instrument which can
possibly be so tortured ? Implied power is only
the right to employ appropriate and unpro-
hibited means for fulfilling the ends of the
express powers. Is the thing proposed under
the claim of constructive authority a mean to
an end of any express power? Let us exam-
ine. They predicate the right on the following
powers granted to Congress:
1. Congress shall have power to establish
post offices and post roads.
2. Congress shall have power to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and among the
several States.
Tho power to establish post roads has, so
far as 1 can discover, received no such con-
struction. Its interpretation has been directly
to the contrary. It has been the uniform prac-
tice of the Government to carry its mails over
the highways of the States to make them "post-
roads" to the extent of their common use by
its mail-carriers, but never to open up and con-
struct great highways for the purpose of facil-
itating or extending the transmission of the
mails. Mails never precede but always follow
the opening up of a country and its roads.
Hence the General Government has hitherto
come after and not gone before these improve-
ments in the extension of the mails.
President Monroe, in liis message to Con-
gress on the 4th May, 1822, in a thorough and
exhaustive review of the very authority here
claimed under this clause, says:
"What is the just import of these words, 'toestab-
lish post ollices and post roads,' The word estab-
lish' is the mlijis term; post offices and post roads
are tho subjects on which it acts. The question is,
■what power is granted by that word? if we were
to ask any number ot our enlightened citizens who
had no connection with public allairs. and whose
minds were unprejudiced, what was the import ot the
word 'established,' and the^xtent of tho grant
which it controls, we arc satisiied that all of them
would answer that a power was thereby given to
Congress to lix on the towns, court-houses, aud other
places throughout the Union at which there should
be post offices; the routes by whicti the mails shoiud
be carried from one post office to another, so as to
diffuse intelligence extensively, and to make the in-
stitution as useful as possible; to fix the postage Jo
be paid on every letter and package thus earned; to
support the establishment; and to protect the potv
othces and mails trom rfcbbeiy. The idea of a righr,
to lay oil* the roads ot thellnited States on a genenii
scale ot improvements; to take the soil froui the pi o-
pnetors by i'orcc; to establish turnpikes and tous;
and to punish offenders in the manner stated above,
never occurred to any person. The absuidity ot sucft
a pretension must be apparent to ailwho examine t.
Iu this way a large poriion ot the territory■ or <.v ei,v
Slate might be taken from it, tor thel'Vf*sr'!uir,,?. , '
i road in any State which will noo bousedlor1tho
! portation of the mails. A DOK®?,d°L,X.nod  
! internal improvements wouid thus bo opened. ^
| Sir, no sophistry which takes the place en
! sound argument, nor passion, which too Ire
