m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March' 28,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Cox.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
ation about four years the friends of protection
determined to push the rates lip to a still higher
figure, and the act of 1828 was passed by a
close vote, after an acrimonious- debate, with
bitter feeling and intense excitement on both
sides. Almost immediately after its passage
the reaction began, and it went on gathering
head and force until, in 1832, resistance to the
tariff assumed the form of nullification and open
rebellion, and the whole country was brought
to the verge of civil war. To avert such a
calamity Henry Clay, the great leader of the
protective movement, himself came forward
with a bill reducing the rates by a sliding scale,
to operate for ten years, until the average of 20
per cent, should'be reached.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I simply want to suggest
that that movement was understood at the time,
and did not relate to the tariff at all. General
Jackson understood it when he said it did not
mean tariff, but it meant slavery and disunion,
and the tariff only a pretext.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is true that
other questions were involved in the issue, but
the gentleman will find it unsafe to apply
the test of history to his assertions. The con-
test was concerning the tariff, particularly the
act of 1828. It was that act which South Car-
olina nullified and refused to allow to be exe-
cuted within her borders. When Clay's com-
promise tariff passed South Carolina revoked
her acts of nullification and came out of the
contest with flying colors. The compromise
tariff of Mr. Clay prevented civil war. It went
into operation in 1833, but the free-traders
pushed their victory so far that in 1840 agreat
reaction came from the other side, and they
were in turn driven from power, and the tariff
of 1842 was adopted, by which the rate of duty
was raised and faxed at an average of 33 per
cent.
In 1845 the free-trade party having again
come into power, a heavy reduction of the tariff
was made in 1846, and the rate pushed down
to an average of 24-J per cent. This act con-
tinued in force without material change during a
period of nine years, when the Democratic party,
flushed with success in the presidential elec-
tion of 1856, determined to push their free-
trade policy to a still greater extreme, and in
the tariff act of 1857 they reduced the rate of
duty to 20J- per cent., a lower rate than it had
reached in forty years. This law so crippled the
revenue of the Government that in 1860 the
Treasury was empty and our credit so poor
that the Secretary was paying 12 per cent,
interest for loans, which even at that rate he
found it difficult to negotiate. As might be
expected, there was another reaction in favor
of higher rates, and the year 1861 marked a
new era in the history of the tariff. In the
winter of 1860-G1 the rates were again raised.
From the 2d of March, 1861, to the present
time there have been thirteen separate tariff acts
and resolutions, all of which have more or less
increased the rate of duties, and it now averages
about 47J per cent, on dutiable articles and
over 41 per cent, on all our imports, both
dutiable and free.
That these acts were made necessary by the
war few will venture to deny. It is also unde-
niable that the heavy internal taxes imposed
upon manufacturing industries neutralized the
effect of protective duties, and made an increase
of the tariff necessary as a measure of compen-
satingprotection. But, as I have already shown,
the heaviest burdens of internal taxes have
been removed from manufactures, and a de-
mand that some corresponding reduction in
the tariff rates shall be made is coming up
from all quarters of the country. The signs
are unmistakable that a strong reaction is set-
ing in against the prevailing rates, and he is
not a wise legislator who shuts his feyes to the
facts-of the situation.
The historical review I have given strongly
exhibits the fact that the industry of the country
during the last half century has been repeat-
edly tossed up and down between two extremes
of policy, and the country has suffered great
loss by each violent change.
The great want of industry is a stable policy;
and it is a significant comment on the charac-
ter of our legislation that Congress has become
a terror to the business men of the country.
This very day the great industries of the nation
are standing still, half paralyzed at the uncer-
tainty which hangs over our proceedings here.
A distinguished citizen of my own district has
lately written me this significant sentence :
" If the laws of God and nature were as vacillating
and uncertain as the laws of Congress in regard to
the business of its people the universe would soon
fall into chaos."
Mr. Chairman, I have already said that we
see in many parts of the country a desire to
reduce onr tariff rates. Turning aside from
the merits of the question itself, I ask the atten-
tion of the committee to the possibilities of the
case. Consider the forces and elements now
operating upon the question and ask yourselves
what is likely to be the result. In this House
there are about sixty Democrats, a great major-
ity of whom are declared free-traders.
Mr. WOOD. I beg the gentleman's pardon;
I do not know a single free-trader, as such, on
this side of the House.
Mr. COX. Here is one.
Mr. MUNGEN. Here is another.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Ex pecle Her-
ClllrCftl*
Mr. WOOD. I am in favor of a tariff for
revenue and not for absolute free trade, and
I believe that is the position occupied by a
majority of the members on this side of the
House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
men on the other side are not nearly all free-
traders they have misrepresented themselves ;
for of the score that have made speeches on
this subject almost every one has denounced
the tariff as robbery or fraud.
So much for that side of the House. How
is it on this? West of Ohio, north of Arkan-
sas, and east of the Rocky mountains there
are nine States represented here, all of them
Republican, some of them overwhelmingly
Republican in politics. Yet, if I understand
correctly the opinions of the fifty-seven Demo-
cratic and Republican Representatives in this
House from those nine States, there are at
least fifty of them who are in favor of some
reduction in the present rates of our tariff.
I do not think there is any agreement among
these gentlemen what they will reduce or how
much they will reduce ; and I say nothing now
about the justice or injustice, the wisdom or
folly of their opinions. Many of them from
the northwest, like the gentleman from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Wilkixson,] affirm that the duties
as at present adjusted are oppressive to the
farming community and give great and undue
advantage to those engaged in manufactures.
Many of them tell us there is a feeling of deep
discontent and growing hostility to the tariff
among agriculturists. Many of them, like the
gentleman from Minnesota, disavow any sympa-
thy whatever with free tradeorfree-traders, and
have no more sympathy with the Democratic
party now than they had duringthewar. Many
of them tell us that unless we submit to a rea-
sonable reduction of tariff duties the reaction
now in progress will soon seriously shatter our
whole protective system. I invoke the earnest
attention of the House to these facts of our
situation.
I will not indulge in crimination or recrim-
ination. I will tike no part in the violent
denunciation which we have heard in the pro-
gress ofthis debate. I do notbelieve, on the one
hand, that the manufacturers are corruptly striv-
ing for their own gain as against the public good;
nor on the other that the free-traders have been
bought with British gold and are willfully and
knowingly the enemies of their country.
I stand now where I have always stood since
I have been a member of this House. I take
the liberty of quoting, from the Congressional
Globe of 1866, the following remarks which I
then made on the subject of the tariff:
" We have seen that one extreme school of econo-
mists would place the price of all manufactured
articles in the hands of foreign producers by render-
ing it impossible for our manufacturers to compete
with them; while theother extreme school, by mak-
ing it impossible for the foreigner to sell bis com-
peting wares in our market, would give the people
no immediate check upon the prices which our man-
ufacturers might fix for their products. I disagree
with both these extremes. I hold that a jjroperly
adjusted competition between home and foreign pro-
ducts is the best gauge by which to regulateiuterna-
tional trade. Duties_ should be so high that our
manufacturers can fairly compete with the foreign
product, but not so high as to enable them to drive
out the foreign article, enjoy a monopoly of the trade,
and regulate the price as they please. This is my
doctrine of protection. If Congress pursues this line
of policy steadily, we shall year by year approach
more nearly to the basis of free trade, because we
shall be more nearly able to compete with other na-
tions on equal terms. I am for a protection which
leads to ultimate free trade. I am for that free trade
which can only be achieved through a reasonable
protection."
Mr. Chairman, examining thus the possi-
bilities of the situation, I believe that the true
course for the friends of protection to pursue
is to reduce the rates on imports wherever we
can justly and safely do so ; and accepting
neither of the extreme doctrines urged on this
floor, endeavor to establish a stable policy
that will commend itself to all patriotic and
thoughtful people.
I know that my colleague [Mr. Scbenck]
thinks that general debate on this subject is of
but little consequence, but that the true discus-
sion is on the details of the bill. I grant it;
and I know that when we come to consider tlie
separate items of the bill he will find that men
declaring themselves free-traders will vote for
a high rate of duty on some articles in which
their district is interested, and for a very low
duty for other things in which their district is
not interested. This was my own,experience
on the Committee of Ways and Means. But I
have expressed in this general and desultory
way the views which I shall carry into the dis-
cussion ; and I believe that they are the views
which will best subserve both the interests of
the Treasury and the general interests of Amer-
ican industry.
ADDENDA
TO
SPEECH OF HON. S. S. COX,*
OB NEW YORK,
Delivered in the House of Representatives,
March 28,1870, on the tariff.
In my speech on the tariff, reported in the
Globe of March 30, 1870, I published several
tables showing how various interests were
affected by the protective system, comparing
results at home and abroad with free trade. I
obtained leave to append other tables and make
other quotations illustrating my points as to
home and foreign tariffs and wages. Without
additional comment I insert them herein.
APPENDIX A.
Extracts from JVohle on Fiscal Legislation.
[No, 1.]
BAD EFFECTS RESULTING FROJf THE PROTECTIVE
SYSTEM IK ENGLAND.
"The influence of the unsound and restricted pol-
icy pursued for so many years upon national pros-
perity cannot be more forcibly exemplified than by
the statistics of our foreign commerce from 1801 to 1840.
In the 10 years ending 1810 the average annual ex-
ports were £40,737,970; in the next 10 years, 1811 to
""Congressional Globe, page 2239.
