1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4119
and well to be aware that it be the reformation that
draweth on the change, and not the desire of change
that pretendeth the reformation. And, lastly, that
the novelty, though it be not rejected, yet be held
for a suspect."
Another important consideration presents
itself connected with this question which I have
not time to elaborate, but desire to direct the
attention of the House to it. If Congress in-
corporates companies to build railroads through
the States, are they to be subjected to taxation,
as other property by the States? If they are
to be taxed, the States can tax them out of
existence; and if the power to tax them is
denied to the States, it will break down every
railroad company now existing within the States
under State authority.
It is true that this bill has a provision in the
eleventh section that " the property and fran-
chises of said corporation shall be subject to
the national, State, and municipal taxation to
the same extent and in like manner as other
like property or franchises in the same State
or district." But, sir, it is easily understood
why this privilege is now so graciously con-
ceded. It is well known that if the right of
eminent domain is assumed by the Genefal
Government, this tax would conflict with the
Federal power. It is a deception, and if not
a nullity will be repealed so soon as the pur-
pose for which it was introduced is accom-
plished, and will never be embodied in any
future bills after this entering-wedge is suc-
cessfully driven. No, sir; these great railroad
franchises, the most valuable property which
can exist in a State, will be withdrawn from
taxation by the States just so far as Congress
chooses to do so. They will demand and secure
immunity from State taxes on the principles
enunciated in the case of McCulloch vs. The
State of Maryland, (4 Wheaton, page 410,)
principles which have been reaffirmed in every
subsequent decision on the same subject, as
follows:
"1. That the power to tax involves the power to
destroy. ,
" 2. That the power to destroy may defeat and
render useless the power to create.
" If the States may tax one instrument employed
by the Government in the execution of its power,
they may tax any. The State has no power, by tax-
ation or otherwise, to retard, impede, burden, or ill
any way or manner control the operations of consti-
tutional laws enacted by Congress to carry into
execution the powers vested in the General Govern-
ment."
For one, sir, I am not willing to despoil the
States of this just and large source of revenue
from which they annually realize millions of
dollars. That such will be the ultimate result
of a persistence in this kind of legislation is
be.yond doubt.
Pass this bill, and you at once strike a death-
blow to the energies and that vast enterprise
and capital which have covered our country
with a complete net-work of railways, at a cost
of over three hundred million dollars, and
which command the admiration of the world,
alike for their construction and management.
The local governments of the States can afford
such legal direction, regulation, and control
as it demands, with greater wisdom and better
results than any other Government on earth.
It has attained its present magnificent propor-
tions with no guide but the enterprise and
intelligent self-interest of the people. _
The proposed road under this bill is called
a " military road." We are not at war. It is
called a " postal railway." No necessity has
or can be shown to exist for additional mail
facilities between the designated points. It is
called an "air-line road." Competent engineers
pronounce it impossible to bridge the friths
and estuaries that interrupt an air line between
this city and New York. It does not possess
in the remotest degree any of these qualities
which are borrowed to give it a favorable ap-
pearance. It is nothing less than a pioneer
measure, looking to the ultimate forcible seiz-
ure by Congress of the railroad, telegraph, and
the whole internal improvement system of this
country. Other bills are only awaiting your
action on this, which, if favorable, will fill
your Calendar. There is now pending in the
other end of the Capitol a bill similar m char-
acter to this one, chartering a road from Cin-
cinnati to Chattanooga—an attempt to over-
ride the expressed will of the State of Kentucky
through the members of her Legislature, who
last winter refused to grant this charter, con-
taining, as they thought, provisions in conflict
with the dignity, interest, and welfare of the
State.
Sir, establish once the fact that the Govern-
ment shall no longer be the organ of the com-
mon good, but the tool of private ends, and
swarms of eager clamorers and expectants will
gather about its doors to solicit, to intrigue, and
to fight for its favors. The growth of corrup-
tion in connection with our legislation will be
fearfully accelerated with the control of such
vast interests. If the people shall acquiesce in
the passage of this bill every railway corpora-
tion in this country will desire and secure a
national charter. Then we will have gigan-
tic combinations protected and privileged by
national law, an aristocracy of active capital
tenfold more dangerous to the common liber-
ties than the landed aristocracy which the spirit
of the age has destroyed. Truly was it remarked
by Sir Edward Coke that " corporations have
no souls," and their attempted concentration
under national authority will promote by mani-
fold influences political centralization.
Governments are established because it is for
the interest of the people to establish them,
and their direct office is to take care of the
interests of those by whom they were founded.
In a country as large as oars interests have their
diversified local aspects and manifestations ;
and hence it is in this as in many other cases
the party most directly and intimately affected
by those interests is the party best entitled to
and best qualified for their management. The
American idea is that the Federal Government
lias its ownbusiness toattend to, beingdefinite,
manageable, and salutary, and should meddle
as little as possible. The European idea is to
have Government meddle in everything, from
a religion to locking up rail cars. In the year
1 GOO Denmark dictated to her subjects as to the
character of their tables and the scouring of
their floors.
But, sir, the framers of the Constitution
labored to place those interests that were gen-
eral under the control of the General Govern-
ment, leaving those that were local and special
in the hands of the State governments. Shall
we destroy these wise original cheeks and re-
strictions? Shall we strike down this poise
and balance of an equal and beneficent distri-
bution of powers among the coordinate depart-
ments and several commonalties? Are the
States to be declared as 'Most in the nation?"
Shall we continue to follow that political
frenzy that seems unwilling to relinquish its
mad efforts until it works a consolidation of
"one people, one color, one sex, one idea,
and the subjection to a one-man power'
France, sir, is coming slowly and painfully,
through revolution, anarchy, and despotism,
to the conviction that lier Government is too
much centralized, and decentralization must
take place as the only security for peace and
freedom, while in this " model Lepublic" every
nerve seems to be strained toward the procla-
mation of an empire. The mere mention of
the just and reserved powers of the States
excites derision. But, sir, those fundamental
doctrines to which our country is indebted for all
I its prosperity, strength, giory, and duration
; State rights; that mass of'facts constituting the
j] great entirety called a State—rights_ which
'! preexisted, were original and imprescriptible,
I having their perfect integrity and perfect sov-
' ereignty before the existence of that Federal
Constitution of Government which they actu-
ally created, these rights as a political principle,
are not yet dead, hot, as immortal as He who
created, will live to bless such nations with
their presence {is may be able to welcome and
appreciate them. Sir, there is a fearful fatality
of lethargy over the people of this country as
to the disastrous consequences thai must flow
from legislative enactments which are berag
daily passed with a blindness not often- exhib-
ited. They pay no heed to the experience of
human nature and the warnings of history.
Well may we say, in the words of Dr. John-
son, that—
"Of all kinds of credulity the most obstinate and
wonderful is that of political zealots; of men being
numbered, they know not how or why, in any of tho
parties that divide a State, resign their own eyes and
ears, and resolve to believe nothing that does not
favor those whom they profess to follow."
As a member of the committee from which
this bill is reported I ha^e felt it to be my duty
to say this much as to venat I conceive a grave
impending peril to th.s country. I protest
against its passage, as not only a violation of
the plain letter of the Constitution, but as an
initial step to enlarge its true intent and mean-
ing by sophism and ingenuity that, persisted in,
will consign us to the fate of republics that have
preceded us—to float above the wave, with rud-
der and anchor gone, stripped of every bellying
sail and steadying spar, serving only,
" Like ocean wrecks, to illuminate the storm."
LAND GllAKTS TO RAILROADS.
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, we have many
bills before us asking for grants of the public
lands to aid in the const-ruction of railroads,
and others demanding similar grants for other
projects, and I take this opportunity to express
my hostility to them all, and to enter my pro-
test against the further disposal of a single acre
of the public lands, except for ^purposes ofactual
settlement and cultivation. If there are enter-
prises which should be aided, or internal im-
provements which should be encouraged and
assisted by the Government, I would prefer to
render that assistance in something the value
of which we appreciate, and not in lands of
whose value this Congress has in my opinion
no just conception.
To those who come here from the embel-
lished farms and elegant homes of New Eng-
land, the cultivated fields of Ohio, or the verdant
prairies of the western States now fragrant with
blossoms, the long stretches ofunbroken prairie
and tangled wilderness of the far West may
appear to be utterly worthless, and this idea is
supported in some degree by the fact that the
Government offers these lands for an insignifi-
cant sum per acre, and few men are now
attracted thither. But I beg gentlemen to con-
sider that it does not by any means follow that
these lands are valueless because the nation
at this period of her growth does not need them,
or because her citizens are not eager to accept
them at the paltry price asked by the Govern-
ment. The life of man is said to be three score
years and ten; the life of a nation is measured,
by centuries. ... . c r-,
The wise man does not, in imitation of lljsau,
sell his birthright for a mess of pottage, or
throw it away because he cannot in a day real-
ize, consume, or enjoy it all. On the contrary,
he economizes, and thus makes ample provision
for an increasing family. A nation should do
the same. Statesmanship, I apprehend, is
simply the application of practical common
sense to national affairs. These lands just
now have little value in the market: not be-
cause they arc valueless, not because they are
not worth to the nation far more than the Gov-
ernment price per acre, but because now, moie
convenient and nearer to the centers of^ trade
and civilization within the organized States,
there are more lands than our population le-
quires for its maintenance.
The nation is young. We have to-day a
population of forty millions; thirty years "eiiee
we will have a hundred millions ; ^ two hundie.d
years hence, a short time in the life of a nation,
and who can estimate tho number
It is well that we have not, the strengi.h to
develop and seize upon all the wealt i li cn
I the laud is capable of producing, ioi Use
