1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2231
The following bill and joint resolutions were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads:
A bill (H. E. No. 702) for the relief of
Emmor Ware;
A joint resolution (H. R. No, 207) for the
relief of Henry N. Galpin, postmaster at Ber-
lin, Connecticut; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 210) for the
relief of Thomas E. Scott, late postmaster at
Cerro Grordo, Illinois.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs :
A bill (H. R. No. 748) for the relief of the
heirs of Lieutenant Colonel Humphrey M.
Woodyard, late of the twenty-first Missouri
infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 858) for the relief of
Charles C. MeCreary;
A bill (H. R. No. 1299) for the relief of
William P. Kerr;
A bill (EL R. No. 1347) for the relief of
Charles P. Layyock; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 208) for the
relief of Roswell M. Shurtleff, of New York.
Mr. HOWE subsequently said: I move a
reconsideration of the vote by which the joint
resolution (H. R. No. J06) for the relief of
J. Edwards Clarke, and the heirs and legal
representatives of JohnT. Peabody, deceased,
was referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ask that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary. I think I know something
about the character of that claim. The Judi-
ciary Committee ought to consider it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the change of reference will be
made. The Chair hears no objection ; and the
joint resolution will be referred to the Com-
mittee ou the Judiciary.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, m answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the 15th ultimo, requesting the
President to communicate to the Senate "the
number and character of the iron-clad ships
belonging to the Navy of the United States,
what they have cost, by whom designed, by
what officers of the Navy their construction
has been recommended, and what is their
present condition ;'' which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, the letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting in-
formation relative to the removal of the New
Orleans branch mint to New York, and its
present condition, was taken from the table
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PETITIONS AND MUMOfUALS.
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Charleston, South Carolina, praying
tlvat a donation may be made to the Wilberforce
University, located near Xesia, in the State of
Ohio, devoted to the education of freedmen of
the South; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present a petition of the
mayor of the city of Cincinnati and one hun-
dred and sixty other prominent citizens of that
city, making the same prayer in substance as is
contained in the petition just presented by the
Senator from South Carolina. I move that it
bo referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also present a similar
petition, signed by seventy-six citizens of Lan-
caster, Ohio, for the same purpose. I move
that it bo referred to the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying that the Consti-
tution of the United States may be amended
so that it shall acknowledge the existence of
Almighty God; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE. I present the memorial of
one hundred and twenty-nine members of the
St. Louis bar, praying for the passage of the
bilHncreasing the salaries of the judges of the
United States courts. That subject having
been reported upon by the Committee on the
Judiciary, I move that the memorial lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. COLE presented several petitions of
citizens of California, praying for the reiistab-
lishment of the southern judicial district, in
that State ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of cigar-manu-
facturers of San Francisco, praying for the res-
toration of the tar ill'on cigars of three dollars
a pound and lifty per cent, ad valorem,; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
California, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a memorial of printers of
California, praying that some provision be made
for the printing of blanks and stamps in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of one
hundred and twenty-five citizens of Syracuse,
New York, praying that aid may be extended
to Captain C. F. Hall, to enable him to make
another voyage to tho- Arctic regions on behalf
of the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. liEVELSpresentedthe petition of Susan
Wilson, formerly Sasan Folsom, of Vicksburg,
Mississippi, praying for remuneration for the
use of her property by the United States Gov-
ernment during the late war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims,
Ho also presented a petition of citizens of
Baltimore, Maryland, praying for tho abolition
of the franking privilege; which was ordered
to He on the table.
Mr. 1IO WE presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, instructing the
Senators and requesting the Representatives in
Congress from that State to support appropria-
tions for the completion of tho Government
works at the entrance to the Bay of Superior
in that State; which was referred to tho Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the establish-
ment of a post route from Green Bay, in that
State, to Waubasha, in the State of Minnesota;
which was referred to tho Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Ho also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, praying for the division
of that State into two judicial districts; which
was referred to tho Committee on the J udiciary.
Mr. HOWELL presented a joint resolution
of tho Legislature of Iowa, representing that,
numerous persons who have made homestead
settlements, paid entry fees, and received their
certificates upon lands in tiie State of Iowa,
and made valuable and extensive improve-
ments upon said lands, and liave occupied the
same for live years, as required by the home-
stead laws, are now in danger of being com-
pelled to relinquish their lands inconsequence
of the law of Congress of June 2, 18G4, grant-
ing lands to aid in tho construction of rail-
roads in that State, and asking relief in the
premises; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. HOWELL. I also present a joint res-
olution of the Legislature of Iowa, relating to
the civil contest in the island of Cuba. I ask
that it be read, printed, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Joint resolution of the General Assembly of tho
State of Iowa, relating to tho civil contest m tlie
island of Cuba. r
Be it resolved by the General Assembly of theState of
Iowa, That the people of this State regard with deep
interest and profound sympathy the struggles of tho
people of Cuba to realize their independence irorn
European domination; and they regard with abhor-
rence the cruelties inflicted by tho Spaniards upon
their patriot prisoners, treatment which is unchris-
tian and unworthy of the civilization professed alike
in Jiavope and America. , , , . . , .
Be it further resolved, That it has become historic-
ally a part of the law of nations, applicable to the
relations of tho American continent to the older
world, that whenever a State of this continent,
founded by colonization, has a population fitted lor
seif-goYornment, with its chief interests antagonistic
to a longer condition of dependence on European
rule, and its people with reasonable unanimity desire
and insist on the adoption of independent American
civil institutions, such a State has a right to assert
its independence, and to establish agovercmentwith
American principles, founded on the voluntary action
of its own people. _ „ ,
Be it further resolved, That after the lapse of a
reasonable time, showing the persistent determina-
tion of such people for independence of Luropean
control, and their .ability to maintain their civil
organization against the effort to resubjugato them
during such period of trial.it is the right and the
duty of tho United States Government to recognizo
them as belligerents within the pale of international
law, and to maintain perfect neutrality between the
contending parties; and this without offense to the
foreign (Government, which can find in such action
only a recognition of Ihc right on which our own
and all other independent American Governments
aro founded.
lie it finally resolved, That in applying these prin-
ciples to Cubas the time has fully come for a cessa-
tion of that policy which allows the European Power
to build and fit out vessels of war at will in our pons,
and nv>vc them thence t'ov the resubjugation of the
Cuban people, white this Government at tho same
Mine sei7.es and confiscates patriot Cuban vessels
driven into our ports by stress of weather, or for
relief; and it is theduty of our Government to adopt
a rule that shall equally admit both contestants to
tho privileges of our ports, or equally exclude both
therefrom; and no further delay can be made in
recognizing tho belligerent rights of tho revolution-
ary government of Cuba without impugning a right
isaciwd. to Ameiicans, and historically established by
nearly all tho original European colonies ot thi*
continont.
liesolved, That our Sonators in Congress br in-
structed, and our Representatives requested i o ni at-
tain theso principles in Congress, and to use tbrir
influence to sccuro their adoption by the ^xeoiUu ■«
government; a«d to present thc&e resolution,^ w
their respectivo branches of the Government.
M. M. WALDEN.
President of the Peinitr.
AYLETT B. COTTON,
Speaker of the House of J{epresent('tlv< v.
Approved, March IT, 1870.
SAMUEL AIEKIULIj, 6vw>,.
1,13d. Wright, secretary of Slate of tho Stare w
Iowa, hereby certify that the foregoing is a true i«iid
correct copy of the original now on file in this ofliee.
ED. WlliaJLLT.
Secretary of State of the State of loicu.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
William Gibson, Commander United States
Navy, on the retired list, praying to be re-
stored to his place on the active list; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Ai*
fairs.
lie also presented a memorial of the com-
mittee on the Indian coaeera of the Society of
Friends, praying an immediate appropriation
for wagons, teams, tools, agricultural imple-
ments, live stock, needs, &e,, and for the
erection of suitable houses on some of the
allotments, namely, for the Winnebagoes,
Gmahas, Pawnees, Santee Sioux, Ottoes, and
Missouria^ lowas, and Sacs and Foxes, so
that they will not have to spend another year
in idleness and poverty; which, was-referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN presented a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in reference to the
pending Cherokee treaty 5 which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
_ He also presented a letter from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, furnishing
the Committee on Indian Affairs "with an esti-
mate of the quantity oflanda embraced within
