5064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Several members objected.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler,] which will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add at tlio end of the section the following:
But none of said interest-bearing obligations not
already due shall be redeemed or paid before ma-
turity unless at such time United States notes shall
be convertible into coin at the option of the holder,
or unless at such time bonds of the United States
bearing a lower rate of interest than the bonds to be
redeemed can bo sold at par in coin. And the uni-
ted States also solemnly pledges its faith to make
provision at the earliest practicablo period for tho
redemption of tho United States notes in coin. ^
The question recurred 011 the amendment of
Mr. Butleis, of Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 54, nays 98, not voting
77 ; as follows :
YEAR—Messrs.Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ben-
nett, Boles, George M. Brooks, Burehnrd, Benjamin
Butler, Cessna, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cullom,
Dickey, Dickinson, Dockery, Box, Dyer, Kerry,
Villi;elnburg, Fitch, Griswold, Hale,Hawkins, Haw-
ley, llay, iletlin, Hoar. Judd, Kolsey, Lotighridge,
McCormick, MeCrary, Mereur, J esse H. Moore,Orth,
Packard, Packer. Paine, Poland, Pomcroy, Rogers,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober, John A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson,
Stokes, Tyner, Wallace, Williams, John T. Wilson,
and Woodward—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,Aspcr, Ax-
tell, Ayer,Bailey, Bcaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham,Bird, Biair, Booker. Boyd, James Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Butlinton, Burdott, Burr, ltodorieklt. But-
ler,Calkin, William T. Claik, Clinton L. Cobb, Con-
ger, Cook, Cox.Crebs, Davis, Donley, Forriss, Fisher,
Getz, llamill, Ilarris, Hill, Jlolman, Hooper, Inscr-
soll, Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kelley,
Ketcham, Knnpp, Knott, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence,
Maynard, McCarthy, MeGrcw, McKennie, William
Moore, Bamel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, My-
ers, ISegley, Niblack, O'Neill, Peek, Peters, Pliclps,
Pressor, ltandall, Beeves, ltice, Sanford. Sawyer,
Schenclc, Sohumaker, Scofield, Slocum, Joseph S.
Smith, William J. Smith, Stevons, Stiles, Stone,
Sloughton, Strickland, Swann, Sweonoy.Taifo, Tan-
ner, Taylor. Tillman, Townscnd, Trimblo, Twich-
etl, Upson, Welker, Wheeler, Whitmoro, Witlard.
Winnns. and Winchester—98.
3SJOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Atvvood, Banks,
Barnurn, Barry, Bcatty, Beck, Biggs, Bowen, Cake,
Churchill,Sidney Clarke,Cleveland, Conner.Covodo,
Cowics, Dawes, Degener, Dixon, Duval, Kla, Eld-
ridge, Farnsworth, X'ox, Garlield, Gibson, Gill'illan,
Itaight, Haldeinan, Hamblcton, Hamilton, Hays,
Hope, Hotehkiss, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Kellogg. Kerr. Lewis, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, May-
ham, Melyee, MeNeely, Milnes, liliakim 11. Moore,
Morgan, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Ncwsham,
Palmer, Perec, Plait, Porter, Potter, Ridgway,
Boots, Sargent, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Stark-
weather, Strador, Strong, Van Aukcn, Van Horn,
Van Ti n iu n,'\" ;i i! V.'yok, Yoorii otv, W'n.ni, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Witlnnn 11. Washburn, Wells, Wil-
kinson, Jiugeno M. Wilson, Witcher, and Wood—77.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Gris-
woi.n's motion, to strike out the section.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move to add the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided further. That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to operate in conflict with
tho act of February 25,1862, authorizing the issue of
United States notes, bonds, kc.
I should like to be heard in favor of that
amendment.
The SPEAKER. Discussion 011 this sec-
tion lias been closed by order of the House.
Tho amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 5. Andbeit further cnactcd, That the Secretary
of 111e TieaFury is hereby authorized to receive gold
coin of the United States, or bullion, on deposit for
not less than thirty days, in sums of not less than
$100, with the Treasuier or any Assistant Treasurer
of the United States authorized by the Secretary of
the Treasury to receive tho same, who shall issue
therelor certificates of deposit, made in such form as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, and
said certificates of deposit shall bear interest at a
rale not exceeding three per cent, per annum; and
any amountof gold coin or bullion so deposited may
be withdrawn from deposit .it any time after thirty
days from the date of deposit, and after ten days'
notice, and 011 the return of said certificates: }1ro-
videit, Til at tho interest on all such deposits shall
eea.se and determine at the pleasure of the Secretary
of the Treasury; and not less than twenty-hve per
cent. i,i tiie coin and bullion deposited for or repre-
sented by said certificates of deposits shall be retained
in the Treasury for the payment of said certificates;
and the excess beyond twenty-five percent, may be
a pplied at the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to tho payment or redemption of such outstand-
ing bonds of the United States heretofore issued and
known as the five-twenty bonds as he may designate
under tho provisions of the fourth section of this act:
and any certificates of deposit issued as aforesaid
may be received at par. with the interest accrued
thereon, in payment for any bonds authorised to be
issued by this act.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise,
Mr. Speaker, to move to strike out the section ;
and I will state the reasons briefly whichinduce
me to make that motion; and I desire the
attention of the House, because this is a very
important matter.
Now, under the law the Treasury of tho
United States receives gold and gives a check
for it without interest. The United States can
sell it and buy up its bonds. Now what is it
proposed to do? It is to oblige every man in
the United States to bring his gold to the
Treasury and leave it there, and it authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to give him a
check for it, payable on ten days' notice, after
thirty days from the date of deposit, with inter-
est at three per cent, per annum, so that all
the gold in the United States would be poured
into the Treasury of the United States bearing
interest at three per cent, per annum.
Then these certificates will be kept as gold
reserves in the banks, and will be used in the
course of business, so thatwe are in a condition
of holding iu the Treasury of the United States
all the gold of the United States, and paying
three per cent, interest for it, if the Secretary
of theTreasury shall choose. What is to be done
with that gold? Why, with that gold he is to
buy up, to redeem, and pay off tho five-twenty
indebtedness. Now, assuming that he can get
a thousand millions of gold—of course the
more the better—in the Treasury, and pay off
a thousand millions of five-twenty bonds, what
is our condition? Why, we have converted
our long loan of five-twenties into a call loan
in gold, on thirty days' notice, in the Treasury
of the United States, and the Treasury of the
United States is subject to a call loan of this
amount of gold at any moment. Now, this
provides that there shall bo only twenty-five
per cent, of the gold we borrow kept there to
meet a contingency; so that we have done that
which no prudent man ever did ; we have con-
verted these long notes into call loans. What
would be thought of any merchant carrying
011 business with a very large indebtedness,
having his notes out 011 ayear at six percent.,
who should borrow money on call loans at
three per cent, for the purpose of taking up
his notes, and rendering himself liable when-
ever there was a panic in the country, or when-
ever there was a turn in the current of busi-
ness, or any call for money, to be called upon
to pay up all his indebtedness at once. Yet
that is the proposition which is embraced in
this fifth section. A more destructive and
more dangerous proposition never was put into
any bill.
And, sir, by the provisions of this section we
are to become the depositaries of the gold not
only of our own citizens but of people all over
the world. The bankers of Europe will come
here and deposit their gold, and take our
cheeks at three per cent, interest, to be drawn
out on thirty days' notice whenever they choose
to want it.
Mr. DAVIS. It permits only the deposit
of our own gold, the gold coin of tho United
States, or bullion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What is
bullion?
Mr. DAVIS. Bullion is gold stamped or
assayed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Bullion
is gold by bar or gold by weight.
Mr. BENTON. Even when it is made into
money.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The sec-
tion provides that "the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby authorized to receive gold coin
of the United States, or bullion," &c. The
term bullion used in this connection must
mean gold in bar or gold by weight, including
foreign gold coin. Therefore, I say again this
section provides, and I call the attention of
every member of the House to the fact, that,
we may become the depositaries of all the gold
in the world, if men choose to bring it here
and we agree to pay three per cent, interest
for it, and to become liable to be called upon
for it at any moment. In other words, it con-
verts the Treasury of the United States into
an immense banking concern, with a reserve
of twenty-five per cent, in coin and bullion.
Now, we know that every bank all over this
country which has operated on a twenty-five
per cent, reserve has had to stop once in five
years. And so this Government will have to
stop. Take the case of the Rothschilds. They
own to-day about $250,000,000, among their
own family and dependants, of our five-twenty
bonds of 18G2. We provide that they shall
all be redeemed whenever we can get gold
enough. They come and bring in their five-
twenties and have them redeemed. They leave
the gold that they receive for them in our Treas-
ury, and when there is a call for it abroad,
caused by a war in Europe, by some great
business calamity, or by a short crop in Europe,
we are at the mercy of these foreign bankers.
Why, sir, the Bank of England never dared
to go on without dollar for dollar on hand to
meet her reserve, while we propose by this act
to leave the Treasury of the United States not
twenty-five per cent, of its reserve.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, it is a little
extraordinary, when we come to these ques-
tions of currency, how widely doctors differ.
The proposition now is to strike out the fifth
section, a section in relation to which we have
heard more probably from the outside, from
the different money centers, by correspondence
from the interior of the country, than in rela-
tion to any other section of the bill, and with
almost always a concurrence of opinion that
it is not only a vital section, but one of the
best in the bill to secure its successful opera-
tion. And yet it seems very different with the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butleb,}
or else he would not make the motion which
he now submits.
The argument of the gentleman is rather
directed to an apprehension that there may be
too much gold broughtinto theTreasury than
anything else. It ought to bean argument, not
for striking out the section, but, perhaps, only
in favor of limiting tho amount of gold which
may be received and upon which interest shall
be paid. I will here remark that at onetime,
in first drafting this bill, the Committee of
Ways and Means had it in mind to place a
limitation upon the amount to be received, but
they were afterward satisfied that it was best
to leave it to the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to receive or refuse gold as it
might be offered under the terms of this pro-
vision.
Now, what is likely to be the probable effect
of this section if it prevails as a part of the bill,
and the bill should become a law ? There are
now gold certificates issued for money volun-
tarily brought and deposited for keeping in the
Treasury of the United States—money, how-
ever, subject to be withdrawn at any moment
by the depositors; and the amount of gold
thus deposited, and which people have been
willing to biing to the Treasury for that pur-
pose, on the 1st of last month amounted to
$85,395,800. There was, at the same date, in
the Treasury, belonging to tho Government,
gold to the amount of $71,391,931; making
an aggregate of $105,787,731.
People differ very much, those who deal in
financial affairs, as to the amount of gold
likely to be drawn out by a provision of this
sort and offered to the Government. Some
rate it as high as 8200,000,000. All agree that
there is brought in by immigrants, hid away
