4120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
extravagant spirit of the day would waste it in
riotous living and bequeath to our successors
poverty and suffering. The forests and prai-
ries of this continent have for thousands of
years awaited the approach of civilization.
What the Creator was so long in preparing for
our use we should not be in hot haste to
consume. These will be throughout all time
necessary to the comfort, happiness, and ele-
vation of man ; not the men of this generation
merely, but for those who are to follow us as
well. The West should be regarded as not
only the inheritance of our children, but of
the poor of the Old World who may desire to
leave their-impoverished fields for others more
fertile.
Banks may fail, houses and merchandise may
be swept away, but so long as the Government
holds these vast tracts of land in its own pos-
session the poor men of this and other coun-
tries will have a place of refuge from the shafts
of adversity, a home where industry and thrift
will render them independent and happy. Can
you put a price on life, health, independence,
or comfort? Can these things be measured by
gold? No more can you estimate the value
of the acres which jou are giving by the hun-
dred millions to soulless corporations, and for
what ? For doing a few years earlier what they
would, in good time do without lands or subsi-
dies: Shall we as legislators think only of the
present? Shall we give no thought to the
unnumbered millions who throughout coming
ages, I trust, are to fill and occupy the land
and find homes under the flag ot this great
Republic? Shall the Government retain 110
asylum, no place of refuge to which the poor
ofcouiing centui ies may repair and escape from
the pinchings of poverty and the grinding
exactions of accumulated wealth?
Within the organized States we have still
immense tracts of uncultivated land, prairies
unbroken by the plow, forests untouched by
the as, where homes may be obtained from
the Government or from private hauds at prices
within the reach of the poorest citizen. Would
it not be better to utilize these lands than to
push over and beyond thetn thousands of miles
westward, at a cost to the Government of mil-
lions of acres whose value no man is now pre-
pared to estimate? Would it not be well for
the Government, I repeat, to direct the ener-
gies of our people to the improvement of the
millions of acres ot uncultivated land nearer
the sea side and the commercial centers, now
accessible by lake,* river, or rail, before it dis-
poses of the wilderness further away?
The fanner who leaves the acres about him
uncultivated, and devotes himself to the im-
provement of lands remote and inconvenient,
loses time and labor by the operation, and
demonstrates his own foily, just as we as a
nation demonstrate ours by encouraging pop<
illation to leave the uncultivated lands in the
States and seek homes further away from the
centers of civilization and of commerce, where
the products of their labor will be for years
subjected to the rapacious exactions of corpor-
ations whose power is neither limited by com-
petition nor law.
The settler, under the old policy, preceded
the railroad and the laud monopolist. Now
we send the railroad and the speculator 111
advance, and they cooperate in a work of rob-
bery. 1 he one fetches the victim and the other
fleeces him, and the Government facilitates and
encourages the outrage by immense subsidies
and land grants.
Gentlemen who favor these land grants to
railroads talk of the immense advantage which
the Government will derive from the settle-
ment of the wild lands through which these
roads pass. I fail to see bow the Government
can be benefited by removing people from the
organized States to the Territories, so long as
the Stales afford abundant scope for the profit-
able employment of labor, nor can I see how
the settler can be benefited, unless he becomes
what is termed in vulgar parlance a "land
grabber " and makes his money off his less
fortunate neighbor who comes on the scene a
few days or months later than himself. Where
there are population and wealth railroads are
invaluable, and private enterprise will not fail
to build them. Where there are neither, rail:
roads are valueless. They cannot create or
increase population. They can scatter it.
They may carry population to remote places
and enable it to live, but whatever these re-
mote places gain f>y the transfer, either in
wealth or population, other sections of the
country lose.
The nation itself gains nothing by the change,
but on the contrary suffers in consequence, for
it becomes necessary to protect these weak and
widely separated settlements, this extended
frontier, at an expense of millions of dollars
per annum against tho encroachments of the
savage, between whom and the settler there is
continual feud.
There may have been and I think was some
excuse for rendering Government assistance to
the Union Pacificroad, for it was of the highest
importance to the nation that the States on the
Pacific slope should be connected by rail with
those on the Atlantic, not only because itwould
tend to ccment and solidify the two widely sep-
arated sections of the country, but because easy
and speedy communication would assist in
an interchange of pioducts, which must add
materially to the wealth and general weal of
both.
While, therefore, it was, perhaps, well for
the nation to encourage, and, to some extent,
aid in the construction of this great road, it
does not by any means follow that we should
give subsidies to all the projected roads to the
Pacific which come here clamoring for assist-
ance. It is said if we do not the people
will be deprived of the benefits arising from
competing lines, and the Union Pacific have a
monopoly of the carrying trade, and thus be
enabled to charge exorbitant rates. To all this
I answer Congress should exercise its right to
interfere in behalf of the people, and fix bylaw
the rates of fare and freight which this road
shall charge.
The original grant to the Northern Pacific,
whereby forty-seven million acres of the pub-
lic domain were transferred to a few men, and
the additional grants made during the present
session to the same company, were simply a
wholesale robbery of the great body of the
American people, for which no valid excuse
can be framed. This infamous outrage was
consummated at the solicitation of a few men
who expected, and with good reason, to make
princely fortunes out of the transaction. I do
not charge, nor do I wish to intimate, that
gentlemen on this floor had other than what
they regarded as a general interest in the
measures referred to. They doubtless thought
these grants were for the public good. They
were led to underestimate the value of the
lands donated, and to overestimate the ad-
vantages which would result to the country
from the construction of the road—errors of
judgment simply, which must, nevertheless,
entail a loss upon the people, the magnitude
of which the majority of this House, composed
of men of both political organizations, seemed
utterly unable to comprehend, but which the
directors of the company fully appreciated
and fairly estimated, when in an official report
they stated that the lands granted to them by
Congress were worth $350,000,000 more than
the entire cost of building the road. So that,
according to their own testimony, the Govern-
ment has given them substantially a railroad,
extending from the head of Lake Superior two
thousand miles across the continent to Puget
sound and $350,000,000 I What king or poten-
tate of feudal times, orofany age, eversorobbed
his people to enrich his favorites? The poor
man who struggles a whole year to lay up
$100 with which ^ to purchase a home for his
family will readily understand how disinter-
ested the meu were who insisted upon develop-
ing the wilderness by accepting so valuable a
franchise. ■
There are many bills of like character on our
files to-day awaiting the action of the House.
Under theguiseof developing other sections of
the country they seek to enrich other coteriea
of speculators by filchingfrom the people terri-
tory enough for an empire. They follow in the
wake of that gigantic fraud, the Northern Pa-
cific, and, if successful, will be followed by still
other schemes of public plunder, all of which,
however iniquitous they may be, will have their
plausible and eloquent advocates in the lobbies
and corridors of this Capitol, ready to oil the
wheels of legislation and forward the work of
spoliation. Have we not done enough for
monopolists and speculators? Would it not
be well at least to pause until we ascertain the
effect of this kind of legislation ?
The Union and Central Pacific are now in
operation, the Northern Pacific will soon be
under contract, and 1 doubt not soon com-
pleted. If they accomplish for the eouutry all
their friends predict, and render to the people
a fair return for the bounties bestowed, we
may, perhaps, safely grant subsidies to other
roads; but if, on the contrary, they demand
from the settler exorbitant prices for the land
which the Government has given so freely; if
they extort from the farmer, mechanic, lum-
berman, and miner, for transporting to market
their products, all the profits of their toil; if,
in short, they use the immense privileges and
great power which Congress has conferred to rob
and impoverish those who seek homes within
iheir domain, this Congress will have no cause
to regret that it did not endow any of the other
roads which are here clamoring for aid.
THE PUBLIC DOMAIN.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker,
during the last Congress I had the honor to
submit to the House some considerations in
reference to the growing tendency to land
monopoly in this country, and more especially
in regard to the abuses of the treaty-making
power, by which large tracts of land, reserved
in former years for the use of Indian tribes,
were passing into the possession of corporate
monopolists and individual speculators, and in
some eases without even the plea that the pro-
ceeds were to be devoted in any way to works
of publie utility. In thus considering the evils
attending the land-grant policy and the misuse
of the treaty power, I was only one of many
members of the dominant party in this Houae
and the country to call attention to the abuses
which threatened to overthrow the benefi.-ent
land policy of the Government of the United
States. In the time that has since transpired
the discussion has increased, until there is
a wide-spread interest in the subject. The
enormous body of land recently granted to the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company, without
any recognition of the rights of actual settlers,
has also done much to alarm the public mind
on this most important subject.
The party represented by the minority of this
House, forgetful of its history, now seeks to
attack the Republican party and Congress as
despoilers in the interests of corporate spec-
ulation of the poor man's heritage,—the pub-
lic domain of the country. Stephen A. Doug-
las, of whom it may be said, in a party sense,
he was a man without reproach, except from
those whose treason made their friendship
infamous and their alliance a crime, carried
through the first railroad land grant. How
far the Democratic party, of which he was
so prominent a member, are responsible for
the lesult of this land grant system I shall
endeavor to show hereafter. It is tny purpose
now to address myself to the general subject.
Before doing so I may be pardoned, perhaps,
in congratulating this House and the country
011 the check which lias been given to the per-
nicious practice and abuse of the Indian treaty
system, under which Indian lands have been
illegally disposed of. As the question now
