1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
concede, or can concede, the proposition that
the organization of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States is upon a republican principle or
feature. Meu sometimes conjure up storms
that they cannot allay. When they have given
them a force that devastates the land, they will
find that they are beyond their control, and
that these storms some day will turn with their
destructive fury upon those who originated
them. But I will proceed with the argument.
The Constitution and Government organized
by it went into operation, and no question .was
made under this guarantee clause upon any of
the State governments. This is not a war
power, but one of internal governmental adjust-
ment, having but a single class of subjects,
the governments of the States; but one object,
to assure to the people one of republican form,
and to have no application or operation unless
the government be not of republican form,
and then only to secure such conformation,
and when this is effected the power is exhausted
for that case. This power applied to the thir-
teen original States and all future States, to
all State governments then in being and all
that might be thereafter made, with their vary-
ing amendments and modifications. When the
Government of the United States under and
by the Constitution, including this provision,'
was being inaugurated was the fit time to have
made any of the State governments that were
not so republican in form. Slavery then ex-
isted in every State bat Massachusetts, and all
had had slavery for one hundred and fifty years.
The governments of the States, and particu-
larly New York and Virginia, were in fact
made the models in forming the Constitution
of the United States, and were referred to by
its friends in urging upon the people its adop-
tion ; and no objection or suggestion having
been made that any of them were not repub-
lican in form was a tacit but emphatic recog-
nition by the United States and its Government
that they were. That they were not is a vagary
that had then taken possession of ni? man's
brain.
Kentucky, Tennessee, Louisiana, Missouri,
Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas, and Florida
were successively, in the period between 1790
and 1840, admitted as States into the Union,
their people having made their own constitu-
tions and forms of government, in each of
which slavery was recognized and established, ;
and inform substantially with the governments
of the original States when the Constitution
went into effect. No question was made on
any of those States that their governments
were not republican in form, and Congress, j
by admitting them as new States into the ■
Union, andtheirSenators and Representatives ,
to their seats, acknowledged that they were. !
Can Congress blow hot and blow cold? Can
it make what was republican last year anti-
republican now?"
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I simply desire to ask him
whether a definition put into the Constitution
when it was first formed may not be changed
by the amendment of the Constitution, insert-
ing a provision in conflict with the original
meaning of that definition; and whether the
existence of slavery in a State, having been
consistent with a republican form of govern-
ment in 1787, would now be regarded as con-
sistent with a republican form of government
after the amendments of the Constitution?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.; it would now be
consistent with a republican form of govern-
ment as it was understood by those who made
the Constitution; but it would be void and
inoperative because it would be inconsistent
and wholly in antagonism with a present pro-
vision of the Constitution. The answer of my
friend from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] on this
point was as luminous and as conclusive as |
human logic could make it. When a new pro- I
vision is introduced into the Constitution, that, 1
by another principle and provision of the Con-
stitution, is made the paramount law of the
land, and must override all State constitutions
and laws establishing slavery or in any way
coming into conflict with it; and this only
proves that the Constitution of the United States
is the paramount law of the land, and that all
State constitutions and laws fall before it. That
is the whole of it. But I will proceed.
The older States have from time to time, by
their sovereign people, amended and altered
their constitutions and forms of government
without obtaining or asking the leave of Con-
gress, once, twice, three times; and each new
one went into and continued to have effect with-
out objection, because they adhered substan-
; tially to their original governments. Therepub-
j lican form of no State government was ever
questioned until after the breaking out of the
rebellion, and then only of the States that
took part in it; and if there had been no re-
bellion Congress would have made no attempt
to modify, much less to abrogate, the govern-
ment of a State because it was not republican
in form. Such an exercise of power would
have made a rebellion, and a successful one.
Who so bold as to contend that a rebellion
enlarges this guarantee power ?
It is thus clearly shown that every State in
the Union had a republican form of govern-
ment up to the time of the breaking out of the
rebellion; and that the Government of the
United States in all its departments impliedly
' recognized them so to be by never having
; made a question on any of them under the
guarantee clause, and administering its powers
and performing its duties in all the States
alike; and that Congress affirmatively made the
same recognition each time their Senators and
Representatives were admitted to their seats.
That position cannot be shaken. The Su-
preme Court, in the case of Luther vs. Borden,
declare that the admission of Senators and
Representatives in Congress is a recognition
of the existence of the State and its govern-
ment. Of course it is a recognition of the
republican form of the State government; and
every time that any State which held to sla-
very sent its Senators and Representatives to
Congress, and they were received by the two
Houses, Congress each time made a recogni-
tion in the most solemn and ample form that
they were States in the Union, and had repub-
lican forms of government.
j I will proceed now to inquire further what
are the powers and duties of the United States
! Government, and the rights of the States under
I the guarantee clause.
j The Constitution, by the guarantee clause,
! make3 the United States a guarantor, for
| whom and of what? For every State in the
j Union, and that its people shall make their
' government of a republican form; and like all
guarantors, no action of the United States or
its Government can be first, but all it is author-
ized to do must be secondarily to the action of
the State. If the States that were involved in
the rebellion, when they submitted and asked
the reestablishment of their constitutional re-
lations in the Union, had governments made
by their people republican in form, the condi-
tions which the Constitution required to put
this dormant power into action did not exist;
and consequently all the acts of both the Pres-
ident and Congress altering,, modifying, or abol-
ishing the governments of those States had no
authority whatever from this clause, and unless
other provisions of the Constitution confer it
all those presidential proclamations and acts
j of Congress must be repudiated as unconstitu-
tional, null, and void. This Texas opinion says:
"But, the power to carry into effect the clause of
guarantee is primarily a legislative power.and resides
in Congress. Under the fourth article of the Consti-
tution it rests with Congress to decide what govern-
ment is the established one in a State. For as the
United States guaranty to each State a republican
government, Congress mast necessarily decide what
government is established in the State before it can
determine whether it is republican or not."
And after quoting ibis passage from the
opinion in the case of Luther vs. Borden, (7
Howard, 42,) the judge in the Texas case
approves it, and relies upon it as authority to
sustain the reconstruction measures both of
the President and Congress in relation to the
States engaged in the rebellion. The cases
are not parallel. In the former, the contro-
versy was between two governments of Rhode
Island, both of which purported to have been
made by her people, and each was attempted
to be sustained upon the hypolhesis that it had
the sanction and authority of a majority of the
people of that State. Congress took no action
whatever in the matter of that controversy
until the Dorr, or new government, had suc-
cumbed to the charter, or old government, and
then none other than to admit members of
Congress from that State under the old gov-
ernment in the ordinary mode and form, with-
out noticing in any way the contest that had
raged between the partisans of the two govern-
ments for legitimacy and administrative right.
But the State judiciary, organized under the
old government, had decided that to be the
true government of the State and the Dorr
government to be spurious, the product of
usurpation and revolt; and the President hav-
ing been applied to by the Governor of the
State, acting under the charter government, to
protect the State against domestic violence, and
he, under another clause of this same section
four, having ordered the troops of the United
States to march into Rhode Island to support
the old or charter government, it was this order
that brought the Dorrites to abandon that gov-
ernment, and it fell without further effort to
sustain it.
It was upon this action of the courts of
Rhode Island and of the President of the
United States, recoguizing the old government,
on which the Supreme Court expressly base
their opinion sustaining it; and that cor-t also
recognizes these two important principles:
first, that a minority of those people of a State
who are clothed with its political power cannot
combine with those who have not been admit-
ted to it, although together they may form a
majority of the whole people and overrule the
majority of such as are vested with the polit-
ical power; that the right to govern belongs
exclusively to the people in whom the constitu-
tion and laws have vested the political power,
and is to be exercised by a majority of them;
second, that one of the functions of the Pres-
ident is to recognize the government of a State,
as he had done in Rhode Island, and that court
was bound to accept the one which he recog-
nized as the true government. Whether the
power to carry into effect the guarantee clause
be primarily a legislative power was not a
question that arose in the Rhode Island case;
but whether the President had the power to
act and discriminate between her governments
"and to recognize the one or the other did arise,
and was decided affirmatively.
Mr. President, there is a great mistake and
delusion in relation to that Dorr case. It is
the generally-received notion that Congress
had recognized the charter government as the
legitimate government in opposition to the
Dorr government. That question was never
brought into Congress; it was never decided by
Congress. That question was brought before
the President of the United States when the
Governor of Rhode Island, the Legislature not
being in session, asked him to interpose to
protect the State against domestic violence,
to wit, the Dorrites and the insurrection which .
they got up; and the President intervened.
He ordered the United States troops to march
to the territory of Rhode Island to sustain the
charter government. That state of facts is
recited in the decision of the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court recognized the propriety
and the validity of that action of the Presi-
dent, and upon that action and his power to
recognize not only the governments of States
but_ of foreign nations also, they based their
decision in that case.
