1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2233
postponed. There is a written report accom-
panying the papers, which I ask to have printed.
The report was ordered to be printed; and
the joint resolution was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WTLLEY. The Committee on Claims
have had referred to them the petition of Mrs.
L. E. C. Johnson, praying to be remunerated
for property destroyed by United States troops
in 1865. The committee have not considered
these papers. The claimant desires leave to
withdraw them; and I ask that an order to that
effect be granted.
It was so ordered.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of William
Cook, a soldier of the war of 1812, asking for
a pension, have directedmeto report adversely.
He states no ground for relief except his pov-
erty and the infirmities of age, which render
him incapable of earning a livelihood. This
may be good cause for a general bill for the
relief of all such soldiers of the war of 1812,
but in the estimation of the committee it is not
a proper ground for specific relief in this case.
They therefore direct me to report adversely
to his petition, and to ask to be discharged
from its farther consideration.
The motion to discharge the committee wa3
agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jacob Shy, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812, a very meritorious sol-
dier, have had it under consideration. He
makes the same claim as is made in the case
of Cook ; that is to say, his poverty and disa-
bility from the infirmities of age to earn a live-
lihood. A majority of the committee have
directed me to report adversely to his claim
also; and to ask to be discharged from its
further consideration.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Susan It. Choat,,
widow of William Choat, late a private in com-
pany K, tenth regiment Tennessee cavalry,
praying for the allowance of a pension, have
directed me to report it back, and to place on
file an adverse report to the petition ; and, as
there are some peculiar circumstances con-
nected with this claim out of the ordinary line,
the committee instruct me to move that the
report in this ease be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The same committeo, to whom
was referred the petition of EmilieSuttheimcr,
widow ofOtto Suttheimer, who asks for bounty,
have instructed me to report adversely to her
claim, and I move that (he report be printed,
inasmuch as it involves the construction oi
two acts of Congress relating to tho subject of
bounties, passed in 1801 and 1802.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. PllATT. I am also directed by tho
same committee, to whom was referred the
petition o( Charlotte Crane, widoy/ ol Icha-
bod B. Crane, formerly a colonel in tho first
regiment of artillery, United States Army,
who died of paralysis on the 5th of October,
1857, at Staten Island, New York, praying for
a pension, to report adversely and ask that the
committee be discharged from its further con-
sideration.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. McCREERY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition ot
Elizabeth James, mother of George A. James,
deceased, late aprivate in compauyC, thirteenth
regiment Kansas volunteers, who, she alleges,
died of disease contracted in the service in
February, 1803, asked to be discharged from
its farther consideration, and moved that the
petitioner have leave to withdraw her petition
and other paoers ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition ol Caroline unmns,
mother of Frederick Tinuins, late a private in
company D, twenty-seventh Kentucky w.un-
teers, who died in the service June lo, lbb^,
praying for a pension, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG-, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 083) authorizing mail steamship service on
the Gulf of Mexico between the port of New
Orleans, Louisiana, and certain ports of the
republic of Mexico, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads; which was agreed to.
STATtf OI? TEXAS.
Mr. DRAKE. In connection with the order
of " reports of committees" 1 suppose it is in
order for me to make an inquiry of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary. The
bill (H. It. No. 1580) to admit the State of
Texas to representation in the Congress of the
United States was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary on the 14th of this month. It
was in form precisely the same as the bills for
the admission of Virginia and Mississippi, with
the addition of a proviso that the terms of that
bill should not bo considered as affecting tho
terms upon which the State of Texas was ad-
mitted into the.Union, or in substance that was
the proviso. As the bill for the readmission of
Georgia into the Union was reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary the day after it
was referred to them, I take leave to inquire
of the honorable chairman of the_ Judiciary
Committee why it is that up to this time, when
the bill for the admission of Texas has been
fourteen days in the hands of the committee,
there is difficulty and delay in its being reported
back to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
know what the question before the Senate is.
Is any motion made?
Mr. DRAKE. If lam not in order in mak-
ing the inquiry of the chairman of the Com-
mitteo on tho Judiciary of course I will take
my seat; but if I am in order under the rules
of the Senate T trust that tho chairman of the
committee will not feci that I am in anywise
offering any indignity to him when I make this
inquiry for information as to the delay which
exists in the reporting of the bill. If, however,
it is an indignity to the honorable chairman to
make this inquiry of him then of course 1 shall
withdraw the inquiry and take my seat; but it
I am neither out of order nor perpetrating an
indignity upon the chairman then, sir, 1 should
be much obliged ifho would favor mo with an
answer.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Chair will
say to the Senator from Missouri on the par-
liamentary point that it requires unanimous
consent, to interrupt iho morning hour business
for the purpose even of making the inquiry
which he has made of the chairman oi the
Judiciary Committee. When Senate resolu-
tions are m order a motion might then be in
order in regard to the action of tho committee,
and if unanimously consented to it would bo
before tho Senate for debate ; if not it would
go over under the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
certainly no objection to replying to any inquiry
the Senator from Missouri may see fit to make
as to the action of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary so far as I am able to do so. He seems
to bo uneasy that a report has not been made
in regard to the Texas bill. The Senator must
be well aware that the Senate has been occu-
pied upon other subjects since the Texas bill
has been before the committee. There is the
Georgia question, which is pending and which
has not yet been disposed of; that has pre-
cedence of any other State in the proceedings
of the Senate ; and wo have been occupied, as
the Senator well knows, in executive session,
so that there has been no opportunity to have
considered the Texas bill if it weie reported
to tho Senate. Then there is the question of
privilege, which has set aside the Georgia
question and other business. The haste that
is manifested in regard to Texas I cannot
understand. When the bill first came from
the House an effort was made on the part or
the Senator from Massachusetts to'have it con-
sidered without any reference at all, but he
finally consented, or rather the Senate did re-
fer it  . .
Mr. SUMNER. I withdrew my proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator objected
to its being referred, but he withdrew that
objection after some consideration. 1 he bill
was evidently hastily passed by the House of
Representatives. It contains a clause that
this act shall not affect in any manner the con-
ditions and guarantees upon which the State of
Texas was annexed and admitted as a State;
and one of those "conditions and guarantees
upon which Texas was annexed and admitted
as a State'' is in these words :
"And Kiifih States as maybe formed out of that
portion of said territory lying south oi 30 30 north
latitude, commonly kuowu as the Missouri compro-
mise lino, shall bo admitted into the Union with or
without slavery as tho people of eaoh State asking
admission may desire."
The bill as it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives provides, contrary to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, for admitting slave
States in Texas if the people desire it. I do
not presume the Senator from Missouri or the
Senator from Massachusetts would vote for
such a bill as that; and yet there was great
haste to have it passed the moment it came
here, and opposition made to its being referred
at all to have any examination made._
Then there are clauses in the constitution of
Texas which forfeit lands, and there are sev-
eral provisions of the constitution which the
Committee on the Judiciary, if its opinion
should be considered worth anything on the
subject, think that there ought to be some pro-
vision in regard to. The matter has been con-
sidered in the committee ; the committee was
not full at its last meeting, and I presume the
committee will report as soon as it is supposed
the Senate is in a condition to consider the
subject.
I have made this statement out of deference
to the Senator from Missouri, and now if the
Senator from Missouri or the Senate wishes to
take the bill from the consideration of the Ju-
diciary Committee, certainly I shall make no
objection.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I am much
obliged to the honorable chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee for his reply to my question.
1 take it that when it is replied to in the courte-
ous manner that tiic honorable chairman has
replied it is to be considered by mo as an indi-
cation that he did not regard it as an indignity
to him fur me to make the inquiry. I do not
undertake to criticise the Judiciary Committee
in regard lo this bill. If there are reasons
which require a calm, careful, deliberate, pro-
tracted investigation of it I am glad to know
those reasons from the honorable chairman ;
but at the same time I beg leave to suggest to
him. with all respect, that the very points he
mentions of objection or difficulty about tho
bill should lead, if practicable, to an early
report upon it, that we may just as soon an
possible get those objectionable features out
of the bill and readmit Texas into the Union.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg leave to be allowed
lo say one word on this matter. For one, as
a member of tho Judiciary Committee, being
anxious for the restoration of Texas to her
rights in the Union, I was in favor of reporting
the House bill back to the Senate with suitable
amendments ; but the events of the last week
or so made me apprehensive that if the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary should report the bill
back with a recommendation that it pass, the
Senator from Missouri would immediately ob-
ject aiid prevent the Senate from allowing it to
pass; and therefore I thought it bettor to let it
lie in the committee-room until that committee
could be induced to make an adverse report,
and then the bill would be certain to pass.
[Laughter.]
