1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1289
Mr. President, the Constitution, article four,
section three, provides, "new States may be
admitted by Congress into this Union,' &c.
Thi" is a congressional power, and primarily
ami exclusively so by its words, but it is differ-
ent in relation to the guarantee power, which
reads:
"The United States shall guaranty to ev«ry State
in ttr 3 Union a republican form of government, and
'hill protect caeh of them against invasion, and on
Vm.lration of the Legislature, or of the kxecutivo
[when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence."
The powers organized by this section are
delicate, difficult, and of the highest interest
both to the States and United States, and are
not primarily legislative powers distinctively ;
they are not vested primarily in Congress alone;
they are intrusted to the United States, to its
Government, to all the departments; they are j
not exclusively legislative, executive, or judi- ;
cial, but they import all those classes of powers,
and are both primarily and secondarily to be \
exercised by one and all the departments as
occasions and circumstances may come up mak-
in" it proper for one or all of them to act. There
can be no doubt that the President primarily
and properly acted to order troops to Rhode ^
Island to protect her against "domestic vio-
lence;" and occasions might occur, under a
variety of circumstances, when it would be
proper for the President to interpose primarily
the executive power, and the courts primarily '
the judicial power, in the administration of this
clause of the Constitution of each in its aspects.
Mr. President, after the submission of the
South Congress, the President, aud the Su-
preme Court had all recognized those States
and their governments before the passage of
the act, in which it was assumed and declared
that they had no valid State governments.
In 1861 a loyal government of the State of
Virginia was organized under the counsel and
support of President Lincoln; its Legislature
chose W. T. \Villey and John S. Carlile Sen-
ators from that State, and at the July session
of 1861 they were admitted, after opposition
and debate, to their seats. Charles H. Upton,
William G. Brown, John S. Carlile, K. V.
Whaley, and Joseph Segar were elected Repre-
sentatives from the State of Virginia to the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, and admitted to their
seats in 1801, and except Carlile, served out
their term ; he was chosen a Senator from that
State, and resigned his seat in the House to
take one in the Senate in July, 1861, and
served out his term. In 1862 this Legislature
of Virginia gave its consent that the new State
of West Virginia should be formed within her
jurisdiction, to which Congress consented, and
iu 1863 admitted the State of West Virginia
into the Union, and her Senators and Repre-
sentatives took their seats. W. T. Willey
served out his time as a Senator from Virginia^
in 1803, and Lemuel J. Bowden was chosen
to fill the place, and was admitted to his seat
the 7th of December, 1863.
Mr. WILLEY. My friend from Kentucky
desires to be historically correct; and there-
fore I interrupt him by saying that I made no
resignation. My term had expired, and Mr.
Bowden was elected as my successor.
Mr. DAVIS. I am much obliged to the hon-
orable Senator for his explanation. I am right
as to the main facts; but it does not affect the
question of principle. My object was to show
that the honorable Senator was elected a Sen-
ator from the State of Virginia while nine tenths
of her territory was held by the rebels and when
they held a State government and their con-
gress in the city of Richmond. While this was
the condition of things, what was called the
Legislature of the State of Virginia, then rep-
resenting only about ten counties, elected my
honorable and respected friend a Senator to
this body from the State of Virginia, and he
came here with credentials from that Legisla-
ture, representing ten or some other small num-
ber of counties of that State.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator is very incor-
rect in regard to the number of counties.
Mr. DAVIS. How many were there?
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, my friend
from Kentucky seems to have a chronic dispo-
sition to discuss the validity of the reorganiza-
tion of Virginia and of the formation of the
State of West Virginia. I have noticed always,
for I know the Senator from Kentucky is a very
candid man, that he predicates his position upon
a total misconception of the facts; and at some
time when the Senate has leisure I will take
occasion to instruct the Senator from Kentucky
in regard to the true history of the reorganiza-
tion of Virginia and the creation of the State
of West Virginia, and as to the lapse of Vir-
ginia after the creation of West Virginia into
a state of anarchy, when it became a fact appar-
ent on her own action that she had no legal,
valid State government.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall always be obliged to
my honorable friend from West Virginia for ;
instruction. I need instruction, and I admit
his competency to give it. i
Mr. WILLEY. Only as to the facts. ;
Mr. DAVIS. The facts I have obtained
from the record, and I believe them to be true !
as I have stated them. If they are not true I
will take great pleasure in correcting them |
myself. Now, I hav8 no spite against the
State of West Virginia; and if the proper and
legal and constitutional existence of that State
is never assailed until I assail it it never will
be assailed. But I was quoting this precedent
among all the acts of Congress for this single
and simple purpose, which is certainly legiti-
mate, to show that a small minority, not more
than one fifth, I am satisfied, of the counties
in Virginia, organized a loyal government in
that State early in the war 
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to state to the Sen-
ator that there were forty-two counties repre-
sented in the reorganized Legislature of Vir-
ginia, embracing Accomac, Northampton, and
Alexandria, as well as all the northwestern
part of the State.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, will my honorable
friend answer me a question? After West
Virginia was organized and admitted as a State
into the Union, how many counties of the
State of Virginia were represented in the State
government that held its seat in Alexandria ?
Mr. WILLEY. I do not know; but I will
just drop a remark here that may be suggest-
ive to the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
I do not know the number of loyal counties
that remained; but be the number small or
great, they called a convention of the State of
Virginia, after the creation of WestVirginia, and
that convention assembled; that convention
ordained a constitution, and that constitution
required that a quorum of the Legislature, the
popular branch of which consisted, I believe,
of some one hundred members and the senate
of some fifty members, should never consist of
less than half of those bodies. That conven-
tion abrogated the constitution of Virginia
which had existed at the time of the reorgan-
ization of the State at Wheeling, which Legis-
lature gave its consent to the creation of West
Virginia.
That constitution was abrogated and a new
one ordained and adopted, and notwithstand-
ing the provision of the constitution that re-
quired one half of a hundred in the popular
branch and one half of fifty in the senate to
be a quorum fourteen or fifteen men assumed
to reorganize that State at the city of Rich-
mond and to dispense with certain oaths re-
quired by that constitution, and to take the
governmental affairs of the State of Virginia
into their charge and care when they had no
authority to do so; and thereby all govern-
ment in Virginia lapsed, and our reconstruc-
tion act has a word in it suggested by me to
the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] who was the chairman of the committee
to revise that bill, the word " now." That act
was adopted after the creation of West Vir-
ginia and after the lapsed condition of Vir-
ginia, and after she assumed to organize and
reorganize her government under the new con-
stitution, and did it in a way directly in the
teeth of the provisions of that constitution ;
and thereby the government became lapsed,
and there was nothing left but anarchy.
Mr. DAVIS. I was making no question
whatever upon the regularity or validity of
those acts. I was simply adducing the case
of the State of West Virginia having been
erected into a new State by the concurrence
of a skeleton Legislature of the State of Vir-
ginia, by its consent, as I have always under-
stood, at Alexandria, in which not one tenth
of the remaining counties of the State were
represented. If the fact is otherwise I shall
be glad to be corrected, but it is not material
to my purpose. I am just combating the posi-
tion of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
by adducing the acts of Virginia and of tht
Legislature of Virginia long after that State
had published her ordinance of secession.
That able judge assumed that no person would
be so bold as to question the unauthorized acts
of the government of a State when its people
were in rebellion after their ordinance of seces-
sion had been promulged. I merely quoted
these acts of the State of Virginia in relation
to the erection of the State of West Virginia
within her jurisdiction, and the admission by
Congress of the State of West Virginia as a
State in the Union, as an example and a recog-
nition of official authority by that State gov-
ernment in contravention to the position of the
judge, and in contravention to the consistency
of the majority here, and to all the acts of
reconstruction that have been passed by Con-
gress since.
I am not mistaken in these facts: that the
consent of Virginia or of the Legislature that
purported to represent the government of that
State was given to the erection of West Vir-
ginia as a State of the Union in 1862, and that
West Virginia was recived as a new State in
the Union by Congress in 1863; and these are
all the facts that I care about in relalion to the
case of West Virginia. They are sufficient for
j my purpose. They establish that alter the
i State of Virginia had seceded and all theper-
sonnel of her government had gone into rebel-
lion, and no organized State government re-
' mained calling itself loyal, but only the skeleton
of a State government in that State, this new
Legislature, forming but a skeleton of govern-
ment, was recognized by Congress as the true
government of the State of Virginia, even in
the important function of giving the consent
of that State to the erection of West Virginia
, as a new State of the Union, and that Congress
! recognized the validity of all these acts after
the secession of Virginia of her officers and her
Legislature, and upon the validity of these acta
depends the admission of the State of West
Virginia as a State of the Union in 1863 ; and
that is all the use I wish to make of them.
When I was bringing forward instances of
the acts of the government of Virginia recog-
nized by Congress, with a view to establish the
position that Congress was precluded by the
recognition of such acts from now taking the
position that Virginia, then being a rebel State,
had no government that could be recognized
by Congress, when that is my purpose and
my simple purpose, no imputation of a feeling
of enmity against the State of West Virginia
which the Senator may make against me will
at all influence me to depart from my course.
Mr. WILLEY. I did not design to be un-
derstood as imputing anything improper to the
Senator from Kentucky, or that he had any
improper views toward West Virginia. 1 sim-
ply desired to correct him in regard to a few
historical facts which are deemed pertinent to
the consideration of the subject to which he
referred. '
Mr. DAVIS. The facts as to which the
