4122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Assembly of tho property and franchises of incorpor-
ated companies already organized, and subjecting
them to the public necessiiy the same as of individ-
uals.' The right of trial by jury shall bo held invio-
late in all trials of claims for compensation when in
the exercise of the said right of eminent domain any
incorporated company shall be interested either lor
or against the exercise of said right.
" Sec. 15. The General Assembly shall pass laws to
correct abases and prevent unjust discrimination
and extortion in the rates of height and passenger
tariffs on the different railroads in this State, and
enforce such laws by adequate penalties to the ex-
tent, if necessary for that purpose, of forfeiture of
their property and franchises."
The truth is, sir, that the railroads of this
as well as of other countries must cease to be
regarded wholly as the property of private indi-
viduals. They are, in fact, trusts held by such
individuals for public use, and subject to equita-
ble claims for private remuneration. It follows,
then, that the community is invested with all
the power necessary to regulate the adminis-
tration of these trusts. This principle should
be definitely stated and acted upon in con-
nection with all railroads subsidized by the
Government.
In the western States the injurious effects of
these non-competitive railroad combinations is
seen in the crushing of local traffic to benefit
the "through route" business. The products
of our farms are rendered almost worthless,-
leaving the grain to rot and the corn to be
burned as fuel because railroads are able to
control legislation and keep the politicians
under their thumbs through the immense capi-
tal and patronage they wield. The tariff of
freights in all the interior States is far above
reasonable profit. Hence it is that our rail-
roads have not begun to realize for the com-
munity the real benefit they are capable of
producing. The ablest engineers believe that
steam roads can be so managed as to convey
goods almost as cheap as they can be carried
by water. Yet in the face of such a statement
it is monstrous that when wheat sells in Lon-
don at $1 25 per bushel the farmer in States
west of the Mississippi can get but twenty-five
cents for the same.
These, sir, are some of the reasons or appre-
hensions which, in my judgment, have been
as potent as the fear of land monopoly in
arousing hostility to grants of public lands.
The fact is clear to all that within certain
limits of price it is the best policy of these
corporations to dispose of their lands to as
many persons and at as early day as possible.
Hence it is not land monopoly alone of which
there is well-grounded fear, but a jealous dread
of the power and encroachment of the great
transportation corporations, which the people
recognize as grasping and oligarchical ill their
influence and tendency.
Now, sir, let me present at this point the
facts which ought to establish the necessity of
a revision (not a cessation) of our land-grant
system. To do this properly it will be neces-
sary to show the extent to which it has
already proceeded:
In 1788 the total area of the United States
was824,248,720 acres. The population was set
down at 2,389,300 persons. In eighty-seven
years thereafter (1870) our territory has ex-
panded to 1,834,998,400 acres.and the popu-
lation is estimated at 41,000,000. During the
.same period civilization has been enriched
and made more powerful by the application of
steam and electricity to the service of man-
kind. It is estimated that steam machinery is
worth to Great Britain alone the labor of
•35.000,000 men. The value* of our steam
transportation service can be to some extent
gauged b_v the wonderful increase and distribu-
tion of the vast foreign emigration which has
come to our shores. In 1830 we put in opera-
tion the first steam railway, and almost imme-
diately thereafter our emigration, imports, and
tonnage doubled. It is to emigration we owe
from ten to twelve millions of our presentpopu-
l.ition. Thisstream of emigration, following so
closely on the rise of steam transportation, has
pushed the country forward twenty yeats at
least. The increase of population without it
would have been at the rate of li3o8<r; from
1840 to 1850 the actual increase was 35^^-; and
from 1850 to 1860 it was In other words,
the increase from this source has averaged
300,000 per annum. From 1847 to 1859 the
actual number arriving in New York alone
was 4,038,991. From 1860 to 1869 the num-
ber arriving at all ports was 2,317,143. These
figures serve to illustrate the important service
which the railroads have in facilitating emigra-
tion rendered to the Republic. It will be seen
that the railroads, even with all the abuses of
the land-grant system, are producers of wealth,
and they ought to lighten, not increase, the bur-
dens of taxation.
Now, let us see what has been done with our
public lands? According to the reports of the
able Commissioner of the General Land Office
the following is a correct statement of the man-
ner in which the public domain has been dis-
posed of:
land grants.
Acres.
For railroads, to the States  58,108,581
For railroads, to corporations 124,000,000
For wagon-roads, to the States  3,782,213
For internal improvement  12,403,054
Canals  4,405,986
Swamp lands  47,875,215
Salines  514,585
For sites of public buildings, &c  140,860
For individuals and corporations  11,195,486
Military bounty lands  01,076,922
For deaf and dumb asylums  44,974
For agricultural colleges  9.510.000
For universities and common schools  1,082,880
Estimated, excluding Alaska and Indian
territory  60,983,922
To this may propeily be added tho fol-
lowing items:
Indian reservations (not inclusive of that
territory)  13,280,690
Indian scrip....  698,824
Indian floats  15,296
Private land claims confirmed.. 17,645,243
445,029,705
31,640,033
Or a total of  476,669,738
In addition to the amount thus disposed of
in bulk there lias been taken under the home-
stead law 12.201,930 acres; and under the
preemption laws 158,433,620 seres—making
a total for purposes of settlement direct, as
required by statute, of 170,635,600 acres. So
it appears that there has already been dis-
posed of or set aside out of the public domain
no less an area than 648,758,699 acres, of
which vast aggregate less than one third has
passed into the hands of bona fide occupiers.
There is, it will be seen, a considerable por-
tion of these tracts which are not approved or
patented, and as in the case of the school sec-
tions, only estimated in part. Still, sir, the
facts are startling and demand the most serious
consideration. In aiding, to the extent of my
ability, to give them that consideration, I speak
for the community whose sole Representative I
am on this floor. The people of Kansas are
benefiting largely by the aid extended to the
railroads now running or being constructed in
that State. They are not selfish iu protesting
against a continuance of the land-grant system
in its present form. They desire to secure
themselves and others from a condition of vas-
salage to these great corporations, and at the
same time, by a continuance of the legitimate
results of the grants, aid, through wise limita-
tions as to settlements and prices, to extend
their advantages to the settlers as well as to the
corporations. I think, sir, that I shall be able
to show that certain restrictions thrown around
future grants will really enlarge the benefits to
be derived by all concerned. Before doing so,
however, I propose briefly to show on whom
rests the responsibility of inaugurating the sys-
tem under discussion.
The Democratic party in this House and the
Senate seem anxious to now put themselves
on record in opposition to railroad land-grant
subsidies in any form. There area few gen-
tlemen who have in their votes on this subject
been like the laws of the Medesand Persians.
But as a rule the Democratic party have voted
fer all the principal grants that have been
made in support of that system of internal
improvement which Washington and Jefferson
originated and sustained. In the twenty years
during which legislation has been had on this
subject the control of affairs has been equally
divided between the two great parties. There
are one hundred and seven laws and resolu-
tions on the statute-books, the dates of which
are given by Commissioner Wilson in his last
report. Of these sixty-five were passed from
1850 to 1860, when the Democratic party was
in power, supreme in the Senate Chamber and
strong enough in thisHouse during allthetime
to have prevented the passage of any such bills.
The remaining forty-two acts have been passed
during the decade just closing. Fourteen are
acts reviving grants made from 1852 to 1856,
when the Democracy was in power. Eleven
others refer to the Pacific railroad.
Here, sir, there must be an acknowledgment
made of Democratic opposition to this benefi-
cent measure. Its construction is a jewel in the
crown of Republican administration which the
Opposition has always sought to dim or pluck
out. It was a grand idea and has been grandly
executed. The nation crushed the Democratic
rebellion with one vigorous hand, and with the
other welded the oceans together. It spanned
the continent, with the scientific highway and
messenger, forging the weapons of peace in
the fierce furnace of war, and thus, not only
opening the vast interior of our common coun-
try to emigration and settlement, but insuring
the rise of a marvelous commerce of which
we are to be the common center and carrier,
bringing the activities of Europe on the one
hand and the resources of Asia on the other
to aid the growth and progress of the great
Republic.
But,, sir, whatever credit or discredit belongs
to the system and its creation must be shared
by the Opposition. They cannot avoid the
responsibility that attaches to the policy. For
one, I am willing to share the credit; but if
they are ready to declare the policy odious I
require that they shall bear that also. The first,
grant made is a good illustration of the system
and its general results. The Illinois Central
railroad received 2,595,000 acres of land. By
the construction of this road the State of Illi-
nois was fairly impelled into a career of un-
exampled prosperity, while the company have
realized about $22,000,000, and still retain
more than 400,000 acres. From the date of
that grant up to the winter preceding the rebel-
lion there were granted to the States for rail-
roads 31,565,144 acres. Since that, excluding
the Pacific railroad grants, the amount has
been 20,453,437 acres. I do not think, sir, in
the light of these facts, that the Opposition in
Congress or the country can make much capi-
tal out of this question. If they can I am
willing, and with that I leave them to follow
their inclinations.
Now, sir, there is no land more inviting
than ours. Put aside the captivating influences
which our political system fosters and look only
at those of a material character. The physical
features of the continent, especially within that
broad belt of it which we inhabit, present the
greatest attraction to all the toiling millions
of tue Old World. Our homestead laws invite
them to attain that competency which follows
industry and perseverance. But to insure that
result more speedily, the fertile soil, the health-
ful climate, the abundant mineral wealth that
lies in mountain and vale, the riches of the
streams, the forests, the vast net-work of navi-
gable channels, lakes, and rivers interlacing
the continent, must all be made available by
rapid, open, and economical means ot' trans-
portation. 'Ihe burden, sir, of tho old jubilant
chorus comes to our lips when this question is
discussed:
Uncle Sam is rich enough to give us all a farm."
More than a thousand million acres remain.
There is room enough, and to spare, for the
