1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1291
but only because the people of the States would
not exercise their rights and perform their
duties. It was the wrong and crime, not of
the government, but of the men who filled its
offices, and of the people who sustained them,
personally and individually; and those men
and that people had the right, and it was their
duty to ground their arms, cease hostility to
the United States, and make their submission
to its Constitution, laws, and authority; and
it was the duty of the Government not only to
permit, but to encourage the returning rebels
to retrace their steps, and return to the Union
and the performance of every duty to it. Their
punishment was then to be matter for the law
and the courts.
No "consequences of rebellion," in the
form of punishment or forfeiture, could come
to these States, their governments, or their
loyal people. The position that their govern-
ments and their loyal people, many of whom
had enlisted in the Army and were periling
their lives to vindicate the authority of the
United States, had ''assumed the character of
enemies and incurred the consequences of
rebellion" is unjust, untrue, and revolting to
the last degree. The rebels were in the con-
dition of murderers, burglars, and other crim-
inals who were attempting to commit their
crimes with the use of arms ; they were liable
to be shot down; but when they submitted
and flung away their arms, their case then
passed from the domain of war and arms into
that of the law and the courts.
This opinion, in a subsequent part, struck
upon the golden thread of the true principle
by which the whole rebellion should have been
adjudged:
"It is not necessary to attempt any exact defini-
tions within which the acts of such a State govern-
ment must be treated as valid or invalid. It may
be said, perhaps with sufficient accuracy, that acts
necessary to peacc and good order among citizens,
each, for example, as acts sanctioning and protecting
marriage and the domestic relations, governing the
course of descents, regulating the conveyance and
transfer of property, real and personal, and pro-
Tiding remedies for injuries to person and estate,
and other similar acts, which would be valid if ema-
nating from a valid government, must be regarded
in general as valid when proceedingfrom an actual
though unlawful government; and that acts in fur-
therance or support of rebellion against the United
States, or intended to defeat the just rights of citi-
zens, and other acts of like nature, must in general
be regarded as invalid and void."
It is all here in a nutshell: the ordinances of
secession, and all acts of the governments and
people of the States complicated in the rebel-
lion in furtherance and support of it, were
unconstitutional and utterly null and void ; but
all the acts of both their governments and peo-
ple consistent with the Constitution, and in the
line of power, right, and duty under it, were
valid and should be sustained. The eminent
judge having had this thread in hand, which
would have enabled him so clearly and easily
to have explored all the mazes of the vast laby-
rinth in which we are involved, after having
safely followed it to important solutions, wan-
tonly threw it away.
Mr. President, 1 have bestowed much atten-
tion upon this opinion in the case of Texas vs.
White, because I regard it as a most subtle,
able, and mischievous assault upoti the Con-
stitution, and from a tribunal chosen by that
Constitution to be its chief defender, with the
armament of reason and its own great princi-
ples. The statesmen who designed that court,
and who made its existence, form, and juris-
diction a part of the Constitution, intended that
it should "live and move and have its being"
high above the impure region of party politics
and be inaccessible to its baleful influences,
and that men too great and too virtuous to
be swayed by them should be chosen for its
exalted power and duties. But this patriotic
nope has been most deplorably frustrated by
the incompetency and perfidy of the appoint-
ing power in occasionally selecting its mem-
bers, not for their ability, learning, and virtue,
bu' solely on the ground of adhesion to party
politics. There can be no more proper subject
for the scorn of every true man than a political
judge. We have them in that exalted judg-
ment seat, and in the cause of partisan pol-
itics they are immolating that august tribunal
and the Constitution and liberties of their
country.
Mr. President, when the rebel States at-
tempted to secede they did not change the form
of their State governments. Their effort and
object was only to sunder and break up their
political relations with the Government of the
United States and the adhering States, and to
form a confederation of the seceding States by
a constitution modeled substantially upon the
one they had abandoned, the only material
difference being its recognition of the right of
each State to secede. They pronounced their
ordinances of secession, and passed a few meas-
ures of a political nature to extricate them-
selves from their old union and to get properly
fitted to the new one; but they retained the
entire body and form of their respective con-
stitutions and civil and criminal laws; and
they were administered and their domestic
affairs managed in all respects as before seces-
sion ; the only change was that the new coh-
federacy and its Government were substituted
for the United States and their Government.
This was the condition of things in the south-
ern States until the rebellion was utterly crushed
in 1865, when their people made unconditional
submission to the Constitution, Government,
laws, and authorities of the United States.
Moved by their own reason and will, and en-
couraged and urged on by the President, they
assembled their Legislatures and conventions,
and embodied in their respective constitutions
a renunciation of the principle of secession,
emancipated their slaves, repudiated their own
debt incurred in rebellion, and ratified the thir-
teenth amendment of the Constitution, repealed
all their acts in furtherance of secession, chose
their Senators and Representatives, who pre-
sented themselves at the bar of the two Houses
of Congress and asked to be admitted to their
seats. All this was done by the same people
and under the same Constitution, laws, and
form of government, and in the same modes
as such business was transacted before the
rebellion. This was precisely what those States
and their people did, and all that they should
have done. Those who had resisted the execu-
tion of the laws of the United States with arms
were guilty of treason, for which they could be
tried in the civil courts and punished according
to law; in no other way. The government of
those States being republican in form, their
people having made unconditional submission,
and put themselves in position to be restored
to their proper relations in the Union, by the
innate force of the Constitution, and the law of
postliminy, were, without further conditions,
entitled to such restoration; and it was the
highest duty and would have been the wisest
policy for the Government of the United States
promptly and faithfully to have executed the
Constitution and that law.
I will read so much of the law of postli-
minium to the Senate as will cover the whole
case—the powers and duties of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and the rights of
the rebel States and their people :
"The sovereign is bound to protect the persons
and property of his subjects, and to defend them
against the enemy. When, therefore, a subject or
any part of his property has fallen into the enemy's
possession, should any fortunate event bring them
into the sovereign's power, it is undoubtedly his
duty to restore them to their former condition,
to reestablislithe persons in all their rights and con-
ditions, to give back the effects to the owners; in a
word, to replace everything on the same footing on
which it stood previous to the enemy's capture.
"Persons, returns, and things are recovered by the
right of postliminium, when, after having been taken
by the enemy, they come again into the power of
their own nation. This right, therefore, takes effect
as soon as such persons or things captured by the
enemy fall into tho hands of soldiers belonging to
their own nation, or are brought back to the army,
the camp, the territories of the sovereign, or the
places under his command.
"But if tho sovereign retakes those towns, coun-
tries, or prisoners who have surrendered to tho
enemy, here covcrs all his former rights over them,
and is bound to reestablish them in their pristine
condition."— Vattel, Law of Nations, 392, 393, 394.
Grotius^ on War and Peace, book three,
chapter nine, says:
• • ^ now speak of such things as are recovered.
Among these are chiefly slaves of both sexes, yea,
even those that have been often alienated. Because,
as Iryphonius well observes, a release from tho
right of the enemy ought not to prejudice a citizen
ot ours, his former master."
Wheaton's International Law, page 653, of
postliminy:
" By which persons or things taken by the enemy
were held to be restored to their former state, who
coming again under tho power of the nation to which
they formerly belonged. It was applied to free per-
sons or slaves returning postliminy; and to real prop-
erty and certain movables, &c. These things when
retaken were restored to the original proprietor as
if they had never been out of his control and posses-
sion."
In the war of 1812, between the United States
and Great Britain, the port of Castine, in the
district of Penobscot, was conquered and held
by the British arms from 1st September, 1814,
until after the treaty of peace. The British au-
thorities displaced the laws and authorities of
the United States, and the State of Massachu-
setts, that had prevailed there up to the time
of their occupation, and introduced other laws
instead. This conquest was restored to the
United States by the treaty between the two
Powers, of January, 1815. In relation to this
possession by the British, Justice Story held—
" By the conquest and occupation of Castine, that
territory passed under the allegiance and sover-
eignty of the enemy. The sovereignty of the United
States over the territory was, of course, suspendod,
and the laws of the United States could no longer
be rightfully enforced or be obligatory upon the
inhabitants who remained and submitted to the con-
querors. Castine, therefore, could not, strictly speak-
ing, be deemed a port of the United States, for its
sovereignty no longer extended over the place.
Nor, on the other hand, could it, strictly speaking,
be deemed a port within tho dominions of Great
Britain, for it had not permanently passed under
her sovereignty. The right which existed was the
mere right of superior force, the allegiance was tem-
porary, and the possession not that firm possession
which gives to the conqueror plenum dominium ct
utile, the complete and perfect ownership of prop-
erty. It could only be by a renunciation in a treaty
of peace, or possession so long and permanent as
should afford conclusive proof that the territory was
altogether abandoned by its sovereign, or had been
irretrievably subdued, that it could be incorporated
into the dominions of the British sovereign. Until
such incorporation, by a recapturo or repossession,
the territory would be entitled to the full benefit of
the law of postliminy."
And, Mr. President, upon the repossession
of Castine by the authorities of the United
States Castine and its people did receive the
full benefit of the law of postliminy. Without
any legislation by Congress or the State of
Massachusetts, the laws of the United States
and the State and their officers and authority,
with the concurrence and cooperation of Presi-
dent and Governor, were reinstated as they
were before it was captured by the British arms;
all officers returned to and administered their
offices, Federal and State, and people who had
fled and abandoned their property upon the
approach of the British forces returned and
resumed its possession, and everything was
restored to the same condition and moved on
as before the conquest.
Shays and his coinsurgents expelled the offi-
cers and authority of the State from two or
three of the western counties of Massachusetts,
and held possession of them by force of arms
for some time. During that period the State
government was deposed in those counties, but
it was not annihilated ; it was only suspended.
In a few months the insurrection was sup-
pressed by military power; and without any
legislation whatever, with the concurrence ot
the Governor and courts of Massachusetts, by
the operation of postliminy, her laws, officers,
and authority, and all things were reinstated
in the counties involved in the insurrection
as they had been before it.
Such was the course of events in some of the
western counties of Pennsylvania, when their
people rose in armed insurrection against the
United States and for a time overthrew those
