1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5067
gating every proposition in it by the widest
correspondence with people both at home and
abroad, have recommended it, and, I believe,
unanimously.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to state that I
believe no benefit will result from the incor-
poration of this section in tho bill. There are
now $35,000,000 of gold on deposit in the
Treasury not drawing any interest. No one
will deny the fact that if this provision in this
bill is passed into a law those $35,000,000 will
immediately be withdrawn from the Treasury
and put in again under the provisions of this
bill; so that the Government will actually be
compelled to pay §1,050,000 in interest each
year on what it is not now paying one dollar.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means tells you that under this provision he
supposes there will be $100,000,000 invested
at three per cent. That will make $3,000,000
a year; so that the Government will have to
pay $4,050,000 a year, even under the state-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio. What
necessity is tliere for that?
We have now $106,000,000 of gold in the
Treasury, an amount sufficient for all neces-
sary purposes whatever. You propose to go
on and borrow $100,000,000 more, which at
any moment, if a panic should occur, could be
withdrawn from you; and yet you propose to
take seventy-five per cent, of that and invest
it in long bonds. I maintain that it is not a
clear-headed business transaction. No busi-
ness man would take that risk of the future in
borrowing money on call.
Now, what will the Government make by it
under the most favorable auspices? The Gov-
ernment is only allowed to use seventy-five per
cent, of this gold, while it is to pay three per
cent, on the whole amount; so that the Govern-
ment actually thus realizes but one and a half
per cent, profit, oven though it should take the
whole seventy-five per cent, of the gold and
invest it in buying up six per cent, bonds.
Now, is that one and a half per cent, on
$100,000,000 of gold, seventy-five per cent,
of which is to be used in the purchase of long
bonds, a sufficient reason for the passage of
this provision?
I do not believe that the Secretary of the
Treasury will, if this provision is put in the
bill, dare run the risk of a stringency in the
money market. There would be more danger,
in my judgment, from the gold combination in
New York city than from any other source.
The gold to-day in the Treasury, without inter-
est, is used in the purchase and sale of gold
between parties in New York and elsewhere.
The credit of the Government by no means
requires this measure. I maintain tha,t the
Government credit depends upon a system of
quietude, and not upon any of these hot-house
schemes, none of which, in my judgment, are
to be desired. „
I shall vote for striking out this section with
no enmity whatever to the scheme presented
by the Committee of Ways and Means, but
because I really believe this section will con-
fuse and confound the funding bill, and make
it really a barrier rather than a progress in the
funding of our debt.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to see a good fund-
ing bill passed, and I have heretofore voted in
accordance with that desire. I have tried to
amend the bill so as to provide for the most
favorable loans, at the lowest rate, and upon
tho longest time. A successful funding of our
debt is the very first step and the most import-
ant one of all the financial measures now agi-
tated. I may misapprehend the effect of this
section, taken in connection with other sec-
tions of this bill; but it strikes me that there
is nothing in it which limits its operation to, or
in any manner necessarily connects it with the
funding sections of the biil. It is one thing to
fund our debt, it is another to borrow money.
Wo may bo able to get off out- four per cent.
bonds at par and not be able to borrow gold
on call at three per cent.
Thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] argued as if the facts of funding would be
accomplished at the same time that this process
of borrowing gold would be going on. But
there is nothing in this bill which provides that
funding and borrowing shall go on at the same
time, or that the borrowing of gold should pro-
gress as the funding of the debt progressed.
The Secretary of the Treasury may go on
under this bill and borrow any amount of gold
at four per cent. I know the bill says three
per cent., but as he can use only three fourths
of the amount for funding the debt the Gov-
ernment will really be paying four per cent,
for the amount which can be actually used in
funding purposes. Therefore it will be exactly
paying four per cent, for gold and issuing four
per ccnt. bonds, the gold to be settled for on
call, paid on demand, while our long-running
contracts now out, on which we cannot be
pressed for payment, are taken up and these
short notes put in their places. Thus we will
be paying at once four per cent, for gold and
four per cent, on bonds in order to set this
process of funding in operation.
As I said before, if you incorporate this sec-
tion in this bill it will be possible for the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to borrow a large amount
of gold, and yet not be able to get a single dol-
lar of these four per cent, bonds taken. We
would, therefore, have a large amount of gold
on hand for which we would be paying interest
while we would be able to derive no benefit
from it, except, perhaps, in the redemption
of the six per cent, bonds. And the value of
those will be liable at any time to be drawn for
by depositors, because the demand for gold
may be instant and pressing at any moment.
We have no assurance that the whole amount
of gold which may be deposited in the Treas-
ury under this section may not be demanded
on some sudden juncture, and without notice
or possibility of preparation. Of what avail,
then, is it to take up our present five-twenties
and push out call notes on which to issue four
per cents. ? I cannot see that there is any prac-
tical advantage to be derived from this section
of the bill. In the first place, the effect of it
may be to get a large amount of gold in the
Treasury, while we are issuing none of these
bonds. And in the next place, should it be
invested by the Government in redeeming six
per cent, bonds, it is liable at any time to be
demanded again from the Treasury by the
depositors. Nothing can be more unsafe than
to rely upon the statements as to the sufficiency
of gold in this country to be used as a basis for
the issue of bonds.
What is the amount of gold in the country?
What was the result of the investigation into
that subject, and what are the facts which are
known to every intelligent man, and which
were demonstrated so sadly for the country in
connection with the gold panic last fall? The
men who then went into the operation of run-
ning up the price of gold found out that there
were not more than $14,000,000 in all the land
that could be reached. Even searching all the
old stockings that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schekck] talks about, raking out all the
holes aud crannies in the country where emi-
grants and laborers and washerwomen had
hidden it away for security, only about four-
teen million dollars in gold could be reached
in this country outside of the Treasury. This,
too, was the evidence given by some of the best
business men in the land as to the amount of
coin available.
Upon that basis of $14,000,000, transactions
in gold to the extent of hundreds of millions
took place. There was a demand for a vast
amount of gold, and had there been a large
amount of gold in the Treasury subject to call
during the time of the panic, it may be safely
said that it would have been drawn out, not
for the profit of the Government or the benefit
of the people. We have no evidence that the
quantity oi gold is very much greater now than
then.
I am therefore unwilling that any law should
be enacted which will tax the people of this
country to pay the holders of idle gold for the
honor of keeping it, to pay interest on that
which the holders are not ready or able at the
time to invest profitably. The Government
might as well go into the business of renting
idle houses. It would be far better for it to
hire idle laborers, poor men, even if you have
no work for them to do, than to hire the gold
of rich men who do not know what to do with
it, and who, the very moment they can make
a little profit out of it, will rush to the Treas-
ury and drag it out. The gold of the country
is at present a subject of speculation, not a
safe basis for banking or for the bonded debt.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I
do not care to criticise in detail the provisions
of this bill. I am opposed to the measure
toio ccelo. It proposes to settle, perhaps, the
most important question now before the people
of this country, or that will be presented to
them for many years to come. It proposes to
pay a great portion of the debt of the United
States, perhaps, in substance, three fourths of
it, in gold. I believe that the five-twenties,
which constitute certainly more than one half
of the indebtedness of the Government, were
never intended to be paid in coin; and I believe
further that the people of this country are
opposed to the payment of thosebondsin coin.
The arguments brought forward by gentlemen
on this floor to prove that these bonds were
intended to be paid in coin fail to make any
impression upon my mind. The very best evi-
dence to any impartial mind that those who
passed the law under which these five-twenty
bonds were issued never intended that they
should be paid in gold is, that they are not
stipulated to be so paid. While the interest on
the bonds is expressly stipulated to be paid in
gold, nothing is said about paying in that way
the principal. This seems to me to show most
convincingly that these bonds were never in-
tended to be paid, so far as regards their prin-
cipal, in anything else than the legal-tender
currency issued by the Government.
Now, what do these greenbacks declare on
their face ? That they shall be receivable for
every debt, public and private, except duties
on imports and the interest on the public debt.
Hence, they are receivable in discharge of the
indebtedness of the Government, which is no
more obligatory upon the people of this coun-
try than their private debts.
But it will be remembered that about the
beginning of the present session I gave a vote
against the resolution offered by thegentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfiei/d,] that the faith of
this nation should be maintained by paying the
public debt in coin. That was the substance
of the declaration. My vote was a solitary one
against the proposition. When questioned as
to my reasons for that vote, I asserted that
while I was in favor of paying every individual
and every nation their just debts, and even
paying somewhat more than might be abso-
lutely just., in order to maintain individual
integrity and national character, yet, rather
than have those five-twenty bonds paid in gold,
I would prefer to see the whole debt of the
Government to that extent repudiated. 1 re-
peat to-day the assertion which I then made;
and 1 believe I am sustained in it by the pub-
lic sentiment of the western country. Cer-
tainly I am sustained by the views of those
whom 1 have the honor to represent.
This legislation is in my judgment in favor
of capital as against labor. It is calculated
to aid the capitalists in the further oppression
of the sturdy yeomanry of the country.
My friend from New York who last had tho
floor, [Mr. Cox,] and thegentleman from New
York who addressed the House yesterday, [Mr.
