187.0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2235
of whieli shall be certified and sworn to by the treas-
urer, and five or more of the managers shall also cer-
tify and make oath that the said return is correct
according to their best knowledge and belief.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That the books of
said corporation shall, atall times during their hours
of business, be open for inspection and examination
to the Comptroller of the Currency or depositors.
sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That said cor-
poration may make by lawsfor the more orderly man-
agement of their business, not repugnant to law:
may have a common seal, which they may change
at pleasure; that all deeds, grants, covenants, and
agreements, made by their treasurer, or any other
person by their authority, shall be good and valid:
and said corporation shall have power to sue and
may be sued, defend and be held to answer by the
name aforesaid.
Sbc. 11. And be it further enacted. That the said cor-
poration shall file a bond, with security, with the
clerk of the supreme court of the District, to bo ap-
proved by one of the judges of the said court to the
U nited States, in the penalty of 8200,000, with a con-
dition to pay and to satisfy to every depositor or per-
son entitled such sum as the party may bo entitled
to within thirty days after such deposit shall be de-
manded ; and which bond may besued by any depos-
itor or person entitled after such domand and refusal
to pay; and that the said supreme courtshall have
power to require a new bond and new security at
any time they may deem it necessary for the Interest
of parties interested.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That Congress
shall at all times possess the powerto alter, amend,
or repeal this act.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think there is a misprint
in the eleventh section. Where it speaks of
"the penalty" of the bond it should be "the
penal sum."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment wa3 concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing joint resolutions, in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 215) authoriz-
ing the supply of arms for instruction and prac-
tice to certain colleges and universities ; and
A. joint resolution (H. R. No. 21C) relative
to the Champaign County, Ohio, Monumental
Association.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the resolution of the
Committee on the Judiciary in regard _ to the
claim of Adelbert Ames to a seat in this body
is before the Senate, ponding which the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. CAMERON. Before that is done, I
desire to amend that motion by saying that we
shall proceed now to take up the question of
the admission of Texas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The mot-ion of
the Senator from Massachusetts is not amend-
able in that way. The question is on his mo-
tion that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after three
hours and a half spent in executive session the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 28, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginningwith the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order.
HARBORS OP MAINE.
Mr. HALE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Maine, in favor
of the preservation of the harbors of that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
TAXES UPON PASSENGERS.
Mr. HALE also introduced a bill (H. II.
No. 1614) to prevent the collection of illegal
taxes upon passengers levied by State author-
ity ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
MARY 1>. JARVIS.
Mr. HALE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1615) granting a pension to Mary P. Jar-
vis, the widow of Commodore Joseph R. Jarvis,
late of the United States Navy; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
CHARLES C. UPHAM.
Mr. POLAND introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 211) for the settlement of the
accounts of Charles C. Upham, lato paymaster
in the Navy, deceased; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
MARY II. ALL1NG.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1616) granting a pension to Mary II. Ailing;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
FERRY-BOAT REGISTER.
Mr. WHEELER introduced a bill (fl. R.
No. 1617) to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue an American register to a certain
steam ferry-boat; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
CHANGE OF NAMES 01? VESSELS.
Mr. POTTER introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1618) to regulate the change of names of ves-
sels ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
ROBERT BOYD.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (II. It. No.
1619) to restore Robert. Boyd, jr., to the active
list of the Navy with the full rank and pay of
commander; which was road a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
SOUTHERN TRANSCONTINENTAL RAILROAD.
Mr. McKENZIE introduced a hill (II. R.
No. 1620) incorporating the Southern Trans-
continental Railway Company, and granting
the right of way and lands to aid in its con-
struction ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered t,o be printed.
REMOVAL Of DISABILITIES.
Mr. DOCKERY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1621) for the removal of disabilities; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Commit,tee on Reconstruction.
CAPE FBAR JUVElt.
Mr. DOCKERY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1622) for the improvement of the bar
at the mouth of the Cape Pear river, in North
Carolina; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
TAXES ON DISTILLED SPIRITS.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1623) to amend an act im-
posing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes, approved July 20,1868,
as subsequently amended; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
LAND GRANT TO ALABAMA.
Mr. IT AYS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1624) granting public lands in alternate sec-
tions to the State of Alabama to aid in the
construction of the Selma and Gulf railroad;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. HARRIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1625) to relieve certain persons therein named
from all legal and political disabilities, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
POSTAL MONEY-ORDEU SYSTEM.
Mr. HARRIS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1626) to amend an act entitled "An act
to establish a postal money-order system;"
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
OATII OF OFFICE,
Mr. HARRIS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1627) to repeal an act entitled "An act to
prescribe an oath of office, and for other pur-
poses;" which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
RELIEF OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. MORl'HIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1628) to relieve certain persons of disabilities
therein named; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
BANK OF GREENFIELD, OHIO.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1020) for the relief of the First Na-
tional Bank at Greenfield, Ohio; which was
read a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
SUSANNA SNl'DER.
Mr. DICKINSON introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1030) granting a pension to Susanna Sny-
der; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1631) to relieve sundry citizens of Tennessee
of all politieal.disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the select Commit-
tee on Reconstruction.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE MISSISSIPPI.
ilr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1632) authorizing the construction of a bridge
across the Mississippi river at the city of St.
Louis, in the State of Missouri; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Railways and Canals.
RKAL ESTATE CONVEYANCE IN DISTRICT.
J[r. WILLIAMS introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1633) to simplify the conveyance of real
estate in the District of Columbia ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
GOVERNMENT OF MONTANA.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1634) relating to the government of the Terri-
tory of Montana; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Territories.
GEORGETOWN, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WILLIAMS introduced a bill (II. If,.
Nq. 1635) to authorize tbe corporate author-
