1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3179
national junction railway.
The next bill on the Calendar wa3 the bill
(H. R- No. 572) to amend an act incorporat-
ing the National Junction Railway Company.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire that that bill should
eo over for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
national academy of letters and arts.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 854).to incorporate the National Acad-
emy of Letters and Arts.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let that go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
omaha and northwestern railroad.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senate now to
consider Senate bill No. 393, which was before
laid over informally.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 393) to aid in the construction
of the Omaha and Northwestern railroad and
telegraph line, from Omaha, via the mouth of
Niobrara, river to Fort Berthold, Dakota Ter-
ritory.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments.
x The first amendment of the committee was
infection two, line six, to strike out the word
"timber."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the end
of section two "not exceeding forty acres at
any one place."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
line eight, to strike out "1885" and insert
"1860," as the time required for the comple-
tion of the road.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven,
line four, to strike out the word " Territories''
and insert "of the United States;" so as to
read:
That the laid Omaha and Northwestern Railroad
Company shall be governed by the provisions of the
general railroad and telegraph laws of the respect-
ive States, and of the United States, through which
■aid railroad and telegraph lines shall pass.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in section eight,
line two, after the word " act," to strike out
the words 
Bat where the same shall contain timber, so much
of the timber thereon as shall bo required to con-
struct said road is hereby granted to said company.
So that the section will read :
That all mineral lands shall be excepted from
the operations of this act: Provided, That the term
mineral lands " shall not include lands containing
coal and iron.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. WILSON. I move to add as an addi-
tional section to the bill the following:
8*®- 7j- And be it further enacted. That the lands
panted by this act, excepting only such as are neoes-
su-y tor the company to reserve for depots, stations,
i ' wood-yards, standing-ground, and other
needful raes m operating the road, and timber and
mineral land, shall be sold to actual settlers only,
 nd m quantities not more than one hundred and
sixty acres to any one person, at such prices as will
secure to said company, its successors or assigns as
ii0/? i an average price of not more than 82 50
r r._land actually certified by the Sec-
Jt the Interior to said company for each
se°ti°n of ten miles of said railroad or
■. ?°fi ?n<1 to insure an enforcement of this
in. VI be the duty of the company receiv-
S,?. certificates from the Secretary of the Inte-
rn.?3 a^?resaid, for the lands granted in aid of the
™n.„ruJct")n, 'be firstseotion of ten miles of said
nn iwu anil branch, without delay to fix a price
in "J? hundred and sixty acre tract described
certificates, in such manner and at sucb rates
sKii «J averas5 Pr'ce the whole amount certified
 n o exceed 8250 per aore, and report the same
nni.1?. ecietary the Interior, exposing a copy of
nf  v, kP0 t0 tbe public in the office of the secretary
 mi  "eompany and in the district land office; and
Gnv?™18011 actually settling upon said land, or any
subdivision thereof not greater than a
quarter section, shall have the right to purchase, at
the price sofixad, any tmsold and unclaimed pa reel of
said land upon payment of said price to the officer a p-
pointed to rcccive the money by said company; and
on payment thereforitshall betheduty of the officer
of sucli company to make out triplicate certificates of
the sale, under the seal of the company, send ono to
tho Socrctary of the Interior, and deliver ono to tho
purchaser, andretaintheotherfortho useof thecom-
pany; ana it shall be tho duty of theSecretary of the
Interior to issue to such purchaser a patent for tho
land described in his certificate, as in cases of land
sold by the United States. And the same form of pro-
ceeding shall be observed with respect to the lands
oertified by tbo Secretary of the Interior on each suc-
ceeding completed section of ten miles of tho main
line of said railroad and the branch thereof: Pro-
vided, Tbat no certificate of lands to such company
on any completed section after the first shall be made
by the Secretary of the Interior until he shall have
received a report as aforesaid of tho prico fixed on the
land certified for the next preceding completed sec-
tion of sn.id railroad or branoh thereof: And provided
further. That if any of the lands granted as afore-
said, and lying and beingsituated conterminous with
any completed seetion of ten miles of said road or
branohes, shall remain unsold and not paid for accord-
ing to the provisions of this act for one year after the
completion of said section, the certificates heretofore
issued may be returned to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, whereupon patents to said lands shall be issued
to the company. And the Secretary of the Interior
shall prescribe all necessary rules and regulations to
carry into effect this act.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. This is an amendment
which has been attached to some bills. This
bill and the Arkansas bill it was not attached
to, because in the Arkansas case the lands had
been in market a good manv years, and under
the graduation act they had been offered at a
greatly reduced price from $1 25 an acre; and
so we thought to now make them average $2 50
might be, if not impossible, injurious to the
company. It was not put on to this bill be-
cause this road from Omaha northwest to a con-
nection with the Northern Pacific railroad is
through a sandy, hilly country west of Omaha
where the lands are very light and very poor;
and the committee thought, at least I thought,
that to put an arbitrary price or any price that
would look like $2 50 an acre would be put-
ting a price that would be an injury to the
company and to the settlers both. So far as
the route follows the valleys, if these lands had
not been taken by settlers the amendment
would be a very good one; but the valleys
have been taken, and the grant is confined now
to those bluffs and hills which are not worth
the money.
Mr. STEWART. Does this amendment
require that lands shall be sold to actual
settlers ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes.
Mr. STEWART. How can yon have actual
settlers on that land till after the railroad is
built?
Mr. POMEROY. It requires that they shall
be sold to actual settlers at an average of $2 50
an acre.
Mr. HOWE. This subject has been under
discussion several times in the Senate. I have
not said a word about it, and I am only going
to say one or two words now; and the first
is that I am opposed to this amendment be-
cause it is not honest; it is not a fair proposi-
tion. There is not a man living of good sound
judgment who, if he owned the public domain,
would not be very glad to give one half of any
tract of it, twenty miles in width, to have a rail-
road built through it. These lands now can-
not be sold at $1 25an acre. Whoever builds
the road adds value to the whole, that which
the Government retains and that which it grants
to the company. What it adds to the value
of one half of the land certainly the railroad
ought to have. The fair thing would be, the
honest thing would be, between the Govern-
ment and the company, to let them have the
excess of all the lands over ten shillings an
acre. That the Government never has done
and never will do; but when they undertake
to improve, by the construction of a highway,
the value of all the lands, can you do less than
to give them the increased value of one half ?
If it be Baid that this enables great corpora-
tions and large capitalists to keep the public
lauds out of market 1 have only to say to those
who fear that that they do not understand the
ingenuity of frontier settlers. The capitalist
that can hold public lands within one of these
[ municipalities a great while and pay taxes
: must be a heavier man than we have been in
! the habit of having invest in these lands.
Mr. THAYER. I hope we shall take a vote
and that the amendment will not be adopted.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
1 on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
' amendment as a new section:
And be it further enacted. That two hundred thou-
! sand acres of tho public lands are hereby granted to
tho Junction and Breakwater Railroad Company, in
the State of Delaware, to aid said company in the
construction of a pier at Lewes, Sussex county, Del-
aware ; said land to be located under the direction
of tho Secretary of the Interior.
I wish to appeal to the generosity of our
western friends, and also to appeal to the
members from the Atlantic States, to aid in
the passage of this amendment. You are
giving away the public lands to the western
States, against which States I have no preju-
dice, and to corporations in the western States,
' by hundreds of thousands and millions of acres.
You have given away to one company as much
land nearly as there was in the original States,
more land than there is in the New England
States, New York, Ohio, and Indiana; and
you have given to another company more land
than it would take to make an empire as large
as that of France. Since you have commenced
this work of giving away the public lands, I
ask you, what have the old States, the States
on the Atlantic border, received? Not one
acre. Now, I appeal to my eastern friends to
aid me in the passage of this amendment, and
I appeal to the generosity of western members
to aid in its passage. Are you not willing to
give to the whole Atlantic border two hundred
thousand acres, the smallest quantity asked for
in this bill?
I am not opposing the bill of my friend from
Nebraska, but I wish to improve his bill. I
wish to know the reason why gentlemen here
from the Atlantic States are not asking for
some of this public dofnain, and I want to
know what these States have done that in the
distribution of this vast domain they cannot
be allowed one single acre.
Sir, I am glad to see the development of the
West and the improvement of the West; but
certainly in this land secured by the common
treasure of the country we have some interest,
and I ask the Senate to aid me in the passage
of my amendment.
We have a railroad now running to the town
of Lewes. We need a pier; it is near your
breakwater. We are unable to build that pier.
The country is interested to the extentof hun-
dreds of millions of dollars in the navigation
of the Delaware river and bay. All your ship-
ping that goes out of the port of Philadelphia
and all that goes into the port of Philadelphia,
and all your shipping that goes to New York,
in stress of weather has to put into that break-
water; and I have known the time when ves-
sels and ships have been wrecked on that coast
that could have been saved if we had had a
pier of sufficient dimensions to enable persons
to go out far enough to aid in the saving of
property and life.
My friend from Nebraska is very anxious
that I should say do more, and I will yield to
him; but I shall expect his vote for my amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware.
Mr. NYE. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether it is proper to add an amendment to
the amendment?
j The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment
I to the amendment >b in order.
