5068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Brooks,] spoke from a stand point which I do
not recognize as being the position of the
Democratic party. I do not believe they rep-
resent the people who sent tliem to this Con-
gress. My friend from New York [Mr. Cox]
seems to forget that the national Democratic
convention which nominated Seymour and
Blair expressly declared in favor of the policy
of payingoff the national debt in the currency
of the country; in other words, in greenbacks.
The other gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] said yesterday he hoped the Demo-
cratic party would soon come into power, and
that when it did, the return to specie payments
would be inaugurated. If that be so, then,
Democrat as I am, thoroughly, upon every,
sonnd and prominent principle of the Demo-
cratic creed, I hope the party will not come
into power for some years to come.
If the five-twenty bonds are ever paid I am
in favor of paying them in greenbacks, or of
graduating them to a payment which would be
just to the people. I would favor the issuing
of greenbacks to pay the debt of the Govern-
ment as it becomes due. Pay off the bonds
and redeem the greenbacks on a specie basis,
at whatever they are worth in the market, even
if they are reduced to ten cents on the dollar.
Then rub all out, and begin specie payments,
returning to the good old Democratic doctrine.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, as I desire
that this debate shall be brought to a close
within a reasonable time, I move that all
debate on this section terminate in twenty
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Ml-. TOWNSEND. Mr. Speaker, I am op-
posed to the fifth section of the bill, because
it appears t.0 mo calculated to lead the Secre-
tary of the Treasury into a financial pitfall.
I fear it may involve him in difliculty, and that
it may involve, besides that, the credit of the
nation more disastrously in its effect than any
benefit to be derived from the section will
counterbalance.
The amount of gold in the Treasury of the
country to-day is about one hundred and seven
million dollars, and in the banks about thirty
million dollars; leaving, according to the esti-
mates of those who are best acquainted with
the matter, something like one hundred and
fifi.y million dollars which may be lying around
in the hands of the people.
Let us suppose for a moment, then, that
the Secretary of the Treasury will be able to
gather into the Treasury of the United States
$100,000,000 in gold under the provisions of
this bill. For that $100,000,000 he will issue
his three per cent, certificates. If he desires
to make money for the country he will use all
lie is entitled to in the purchase of five-twenty
bonds. He will use $75,000,000 for the pur-
chase of five-twenty bonds. There will be
$25,000,000 then left in the Treasury for the
redemption of these three per cent, certificates,
and there is no other fund provided by this law
save this particular certificate fund, out of
which he may pay at any time when demand
may De made to pay three per cent, certificates
which may be thrust on him. If it should hap-
pen because of any change in the money mar-
ket of the vvoild, or because of any change in
oul own domestic circumstances, there should
be a demand upon him for §30,000,000 of
three per cent, certificates, he has but a single
fund out of which to pay these three per cent,
certificates, and that is the $25,000,000 of
gold which remains in the Treasury. He will
therefore have to go to protest on §5,000,000.
There is no fund he can touch without vio-
lating the law. The credit of the country will
then be sacrificed because of the inability of
the Treasury to redeem those $5,000,000 0f
gold. To the full extent of his policy he
would only in $100,000,000 of gold be able to
realize $1,500,000 per annum. If he should
go to protest on $1,000,000 over and above the
$25,000,000 he has in the Treasury to redeem
the three per cent, certificates the credit of the
Government will be gone. It will be gone in a
way which will be almost fatal to it; because
these are to be payable on demand, and there
will be no fund out of which they are to be
paid. The amount of loss, therefore, will be
greater than the amount of benefit to be received
by this law.
I am opposed to it, besides, because it makes
the Secretary of the Treasury a broker in
money. He is to be a dealer in gold. The
Treasury of the country, instead of pursuing
its legitimate operations of collecting taxes
and revenue, is to be a borrower in order that
it may be a lender; or rather, it becomes a
lender in order to pay off its indebtedness, and
that is a kind of brokerage never contemplated
by the Constitution. I think it is in deroga-
tion of the dignity of the nation if we should
go into it.. Therefore, I am opposed to this
section of the bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS. As I understand, the question
is on the motion to strike out.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is to
strike out section five.
Mr. DAVIS. If that motion be voted down,
will the section be then open to amendment?
The SPEAKER.. It will; and amendments
are now in order in the nature of perfecting the
section.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not wish to take up the
time of the House by any extended remarks.
I desire only to say that the scheme of this
section is in no sense compulsory. It simply
permits the Secretary of the Treasury to take up
the five-twenty bonds. He may or he may not
take them up. What I desire, at all events, is
to make it more explicit m one particular.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Buti.ek.,] in response to a question which I
put to him as to the signification of the term
"bullion," claimed that it covered all uncoined
gold. I think the true signification of the term
in this bill is merely bullion assayed and
stamped by the United States Mint; but, for
the purpose of making it unquestionably so,
I move to amend this section by inserting after
the word bullion" the words ''assayed and
stamped under the law of the United States."
I will also move to amend the section in the
tenth line by striking out the word 1!three"
and inserting "two."
The SPEAKER. Those amendments will
be considered as pending.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, before proceed-
ing to say anything with reference to this fifth
section which is now under consideration, I
desire to say a word in reply to what has been
said in the course of this (iiscussiou as to the
opportunities of the Committee of Ways and
Means to receive very extraordinary informa-
tion from their position over and above what
other members of this House can receive. I
am very free to confess, sir, that the chair-
man and members of that committee, from
their position, necessarily have opportunities
for obtaining information; but they also have
opportunities for having practiced upon them
the grossest deceptions for interested pur-
poses. The information they often receive,
and present to this House with all the gravity
and all the authority which attach to their
official position, is grossly erroneous and ab-
surdly ridiculous, if I were disposed to be
personal I could exhibit members of that com-
mittee, from the chairman down, who have
been guilty of the grossest impropriety and the
greatest absurdity in the information which
they have imparted to the House with so much
solemnity and so much mock authority. Why,
sir, the chairman of the committee has just told
us that he has recently received information
from eminent bankers in Europe  
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 rise to a point of order.
I wish the gentleman to be a little more specific
in his allegation of gross impropriety. As his
language applies to a committee of which I
have the honor to be a humble member, I wish
him to be more specific.
Mr. WOOD. If they will give me an hoar
instead of five minutes I will promise to make
my words good.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call the gentleman to
order for using unparliamentary language.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee calls the gentleman to order for using
unparliamentary language. The Chair is bound
to sustain-that point.
Mr. WOOD. Then I will not repeat it; but
I will take nothing back.
Mr. MAYNAIiD. I object to the gentle-
man proceeding.
Mr. COX. Why, gentlemen on the other
side called one another thieves and assassins
and cowards the other day, and nobody made
a point of order.
Mr. MxYYNARD. I understand the gen-
tleman to declare that he refuses to take back
what he said. I object to his proceeding,
under the rules of the House, and require that
he take his seat.
Mr. WOOD. Will this come out of my time?
The SPEAKER. It will not. The ques-
tion is upon allowing the gentleman from New
York to proceed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe the parliament-
ary rule is to proceed in order.
The SPEAKER. Of course; the Chair rec-
ognizes no other mode of proceeding.
Mr. MAYNARD. I raise another question
of order: whether the gentleman can proceed
in order, having been ruled to be out of order
and having refused to withdraw his unparlia-
mentary language?
The SPEAKER. His proceeding in order
relates to the future; that relates to the past.
The gentleman can proceed in order in the
future.
The question was put on allowing Mr. Wood
to proceed in order ; and it was decided in the
affirmative—ayes sixty, noes not counted.
Mr. WOOD. I regret, Mr. Speaker, that
my sensitive friend from Tennessee should
have made a personal application to himself
of what I said.
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall make a personal
application whenever language is used that
may have that interpretation. I will not stand
here and allow such charges to be thrown out.
Other gentlemen may be unconscious or im-
pervious to attacks upon their personal honor.
I for one am not, and I will never sit in my
seat and hear them made.
Mr. WOOD. I was about to refer to the
statement made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means with reference to
recent information in his possession as to the
probability of the successful negotiation of
these bonds in Euiope at four per cent. I
have no doubt the chairman and members of
the committee may be in the receipt of com-
munications ffiom bankers and banking insti-
tutions in Europe to the effect, that they can
succeed in negotiating this loan ; but I will
say to that gentleman that he does not under-
stand the tricks of that trade as well as I do.
These bankers in Europe desire to receive the
prestige which will attach to their names by
being estimated abroad as the fiscal agents of
our Government, and they are quite prepared
to send current accounts to our Government
so that they may be selected for the purpose of
making these negotiations; but in my belief
the thing is practically impossible, for reasons
which I shall state.
Now, the three leading consol Government
debts of Europe are those of England, France,
and Prussia. Those are the three great solvent
specie-paying countries in the world, and it is
to be assumed that if there are any Govern-
ment debts in the world that will sell at a high
rate and command a premium they are the
consols of those three countries.
[Here the hammer fell.]
