4124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
$2 50, making for the railroad a total subsidy
of $16,000 per mile. Second, that on the com-
pletion and acceptance of every ten miles of
road notice shall be duly given to the settlers,
who shall have three months after the comple-
tion in which to pay for their claims; said notice
and payments to be made to the officers of the
nearest United States land office. Failure to
pay works a forfeiture of claims, and the lands
are patented to the company, who are also to
receive patents for lands unsold three months
after the date of each section being completed.
Third, the railroad company has power to sell,
convey, or mortga ge these lands at any tim e, sub-
ject always to conditions already stated relating
to the rights of actual settlers. These are the
chief features of my proposition. Experienced
railroad men, by whom it has recently been
examined, say that with such restrictions they
.can obtain money on the lands by mortgage or
otherwise, and so build their roads.
Now, Mr. Chairman, T welcome the issue
before the people on this question. In Kan-
sas, at least, the question is or will be fully
understood. Justly eager as are the people of
that Commonwealth to see their fertile prairies
opened by railroads and to the fust flowing
tide of emigration, they comprehend also that
there is not the slightest need of its beingdone
at the expense of themselves and children,
their daily augmenting population, and the
thousands who are to come hereafter. The
people of Kansas are grateful for the aid ex-
tended so generously lor the roads already
built or building in their midst, but they also
know the value of these roads to the nation at
large. Sir, the State I have the honor to rep-
resent on this floor is au excellent example of
both the advantages and evils connected with
land subsidies. But most of the evils are
associated with the abuse of the treaty sys-
tern. The chief trouble which has so far arisen
in Kansas over land questions grows out of the
unconstitutional policy of the Senate in dis-
posing of Indian lands in a manner resulting
in individual speculation and profit.
Immigration into Kansas for the past year
is set down at more than 100,000 persons. Two
thousand homesteads, aggregating 820,000
acres, have been entered, and 285,027 acres
have been disposed of under the preemption
and other laws. In 1868 there were under cul
tivation 502,820 acres, from which crops were
harvested valued at $10,467,163. In grams
and fruits that State is unsurpassed by any
other. In stock raising its progress has been
immense. Commissioner Wilson estimates
there are 13,000,000 acres of first-class grazing
lands in the western part of the State, hitherto
considered a portion of the space marked on
all our earlier maps as the "great American
desert." The railroad has exploded that chi-
mera, and those plains are fast being covered
with countless herds and becoming the homes
of thousands of hardy and industrious settlers.
We have to-day more than 1.000 miles of
completed railroad, over 300 miles in process
of construction, and about 600 miles more
projected. The benefits derived from the con-
struction of these roads in aiding the rapid
development of her territory is seen from this
statement. Six years ago all the land in Kansas
west of the twenty-first degree of longitude
was regarded as nearly worthless. Now there
are thousands of farms on it, from which 40 to
50 bushels of corn per acre is a common yield.
But, sir, it is not alone or chiefly in these
facts that our rapid growth is made so mani-
fb&i. Iv&nsfis shows a more solid progress even
in that education which goes hand in hand with
it, where intelligence directsthe efforts of an en-
terprising people. Had it not been for the
robbery of the school lands by the treaty sys-
tem one already magnificent school fund would
have been increased at least ยง2,000,000; and
an equal amount may yet be saved if justice
is done. There are in Kansas 1,707 organ-
ized school districts, with 1.213 school-houses,
some 92,517 children of school age, and with
the needed institutions of a higher character
to complement and crown the edifice of pub-
lic instruction. Sir, I have mentioned tnese
facts to show the vitalizing influences of that
railroad system which, in itself, stimulated by
the generous aid of the American people,
preceded and outran the otherwise slow pro-
cesses of ordinary growth and immigration,
buildingeven " better than itknew," and creat-
ing as it grew that active life on which its own
support must hereafter depend.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have already spoken longer
than I intended when I rose to address the
House; but I must not fail to recognize the
great service rendered to the State I have the
honor to represent, and to the country, by the
President and his patriotic administration in
withdrawing from the Senate the Osage, Kan-
sas, and other Indian treaties. Sir, 1 should
fail to express my own feelings on this occa-
sion, as well as the feelings of tens of thou-
sands of noble pioneers who have sought and
are now seeking new lands and homes, if I
did not here and now, in behalf of the great
body of my constituents, thank the President
for this great act of justice and of sound public
policy. By this act nearly nine million acres
of the most beautiful portion of the public
domain has been wrested from the greedy grasp
of speculation, and is soon to be placed in the
reach of all who desire to make their homes
upon it. More than twenty thousand people
have already found homes on the Osage lands,
and the great tide of emigration still sweeps
on with increased volume and rapidity. On
these and other Indian lands in Kansas, saved
to the people by the firm protest of this House
against the reckless treaty system, and by
the prompt action of the President to which I
have referred, there will soon be half a mil-
lion people, contributing to the prosperity and
power of a great Commonwealth and of the
nation, and remembering with gratitude those
who have saved their homes to them from the
greedy grasp of the laud monopolist.
Sir, when I retire from the public service in
this Hall I shall do so feeling and knowing
that I have to the extent of my humble ability
earnestly labored for the accomplishment of
this grand result. I have the right to say in
this presence, for it is known to all my asso-
ciates here, that in doing this I have never
antagonized any legitimate work of internal
improvement. But I have uniformly, as it was
my bounden duty to do, resisted every scheme
of speculation and injustice to the masses of the
people, and insisted, as I shall to the end, that
the liberal land policy of this great and good
Government shall not be ruthlessly stricken
down. For the justification of the policy I have
advocated on this land question, and in the advo-
cacy of which I have strictly obeyed the instruc-
tions of the convention which placed me in nom-
ination, I appeal to an intelligent and rapidly-
increasing constituency, asking them to pass
judgment upon the same at the coming election.
My opponents have insisted that the Osage, Kan-
sas, a,nd other 1 ndian lands in the State should be
sold in large tracts to corporations and specu-
lators. I have insisted that all those lands be
sold in small tracts, and to actual settlers only,
and that the educational interests of the State
should be fully recognized. My opponents
have supported the sale of the Cherokee neu-
tral lands in a body, whjle I have believed it
to be a great wrong to the people interested,
palpably unconstitutional, and have labored
tor their deliverance and for the security to
them of their hard earned homes. My oppo-
nentshave substantially maintained that I ought
to be the exclusive representative of corpor-
ations and foreign capitalists, while I believe
it to be my duty to repudiate this assumption
or corporate agrarianism, and to represent
with equal fidelity the rights and interests of
all classes of my constituents.
The issue involves not only the homes of
fifty thousand people in Kansas, and at least
$1,000,000 worth of school lauds, but it involves
the future prosperity of the State as a whole,
the question of high or low, taxation, and the
independence or the vassalage of the great
body of the people for a long series of years.
-It is fitting that the people should pass judg-
ment upon policies so dissimilar, and in the
success or failure of which the public welfare
is so largely involved.
Sir, the people I represent will give their
hearty support to such a system of land grants as
will foster the great public works still so neces-
sary to be constructed, while at the same time,
pleading alike for the native-born and the natu-
ralized, the landless of their own and other
lands, they urge that the policy shall be limited
so wisely that speculation and monopoly will
be cheeked, while the homestead law and great
public improvements go forward hand in hand,
each aiding to build up the other, so that the
dream of the race from which a majority of
this people have sprung shall be realized, and
in our midst the future smile upon a hundred
millions or more of a free people owning the
soil they till, and living in free homes, render-
ing a common allegiance for the common weal,
acknowledging a common flag, and one that
will forever symbolize equity and equality at
home and abroad. Let the rights arid inter-
ests of the great body of the people be pro-
tected ; let public improvements bo liberally
encouraged for the benefit of the many and
not for the few, and there will be no neces-
sary conflict between the great interests of
capital and Jabor; but they will walk hand in
hand, each in support of the other.
_ Mr. HOAR addressed the House on the sub-
ject of education. [His speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. FISHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEAMAN: Letter of H. P. Sanger,
with claim of estate of H. K. Sanger, and
accompanying papers.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of tobacco manufacturers of Pittsburg,
protesting against increase of tax on tobacco,
class sixteen.
Also, a petition of officers and soldiers of
. e United States volunteer forces for addi-
tional compensation for female nurses in the
United States Array.
By Mr. COBURN: The petition of Frances
E. Loucks, widow of Charles G. Loucks, de-
ceased, asking for an increased pension.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Browns
Brothers & Co., E. D. Morgun & Co., and sev,
eral hundred others, merchants and importer-
of New York, praying the passage of a law to
prevent the arbitrary seizure of books and
papers, to abolish informers, and provide that
all moneys now distributed between informers
and officers be paid into the Treasury ; and for
other improvements of the internal and exter-
nal revenue laws.
By Mr. DEGENER: The petition of B. F.
Fickhn, mail contractor at San Antonio, Texas,
for protection of frontiers against Indians.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: Thepetition of Sarah
Houston, widowofLieutenantRobert Houston,
late of sixty-third regiment Pennsylvania vol-
unteers, and numerous citizens of Venango
county, Pennsylvania, praying that her name
be placed on the pension-roll of the Pension
Office.
By Mr. HALDE1IAN: A petition of53 citi-
zens of York, Pennsylvania, for a uniform rate
of tax on all kinds of manufactured tobacco.
By Mr. KKl'CHAM: Thepetition of Joseph
Bayer and 39 others, citizens of Poughkeepsie,
iNew York, manufacturers and dealers in
tobacco, praying for a uniform rate of tax at
