1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1293
driven the whole personnel of the Government
of the United States—legislative, executive,
aud judicial—across the border into the pos-
sessions of her Majesty, the queen of Great
Britain. Suppose that had been one of the
phases of the late civil war, and all our Gov-
ernment officials had continued their refuge for
six months; the Government during that time
could not have had its habitance and have
issued its edicts in a foreign country ; and being
powerless to act, and expelled from its own
domicile, it would have been in a state of ob-
struction, suspension. But if at the end of six
months the rebellion had been as effectually
suppressed as it was in the course of events,
without any other law than that of postliminy,
things would have been restored to their pre-
existing state, and every officer of the Govern-
ment would have returned to their offices and
have resumed and continued their exercise as
though they had not been disturbed in them.
If under that state of case the Senator from
Massachusetts and his followers had been met
with the proposition, you are no longer Sen-
ators; your places and the whole Government
were destroyed by the temporary conquest of
the rebels, and there can be no Government or
officers but military or provisional until recon-
struction—your kind of reconstruction—has
taken place, every person knows what the
answer would have been.
The reconstruction policy and measures of
the Radical party have not a vestige of author-
ity in the guarantee clause. The claim for it
under the war power is still more absurd and
extravagant.
In all civil wars and wars of rebellion, includ-
ing our recent one, the rules and usages of
modern warfare that govern the conflicts of
nations are applicable, but only to the conflict
and during its continuance. What are the legit-
imate consequences of a rebellion against the
Government of the United States and its sup-
pression is the great question of the day ; and
upon this question the Governments of other
countries, their practices and history outside
of the administration of the law of postliminy,
shed no light. Mr. Madison has often said that
our Government was sui generis, and in a letter
to N. P. Trist uses this language:
"It has been too much the case in expoundingthe
Constitution of the United States that its meaning has
been sought, not in its peculiar and unprecedented
modifications of power, but by viewing it, some
through the medium of a simple Government, others
through that of a mere league of governments. It is
neither the one nor the other, but essentially differ-
ent from both. It must, consequently, be its own
interpreter. No other government can furnish a
key to its true character."—Madinon'e Works, vol.
3, p. 31.
In a letter to M. L. Hulbert he says:
"Imust say that the real measure of the powers
meant to be granted to Congress by the convention,
as I understood and believe, ij to bo sought in the
specifications to be expounded: indeed, notwiththe
strictncss applied to an ordinary statute by a court
of law, nor, ou the other hand, with a latitude that
under the name of means for carrying into execution
alimited governmentwould transform it into agov-
ernment without limits."—Ibid., p. 73.
The Radical construction of the clause which
authorizes Congress to pass auxiliary laws to
assist in the execution of specific powers would
makethat specification valueless and unneces-
sary, except to introduce this provision, which
would establish a Government of unlimited
powers.
Yes, sir, there is no escape from that posi-
tion. With the latitudinous and licentious
interpretation which the Senator from Indiana
Mid the Senator from Massachusetts and the
Senator from Michigan give to that clause
authorizing Congress to exercise auxiliary
powers, it would utterly annihilate the enum-
eration aud specilication of the powers of
government by the Constitution, and render
such enumeration and specilication wholly use-
jess and^ inoperative, except as a pretext for
introducing this auxiliary clause, which has
infinitely more power than every other provis-
ion aud word in the Constitution confers. But
' wiH hasten ou.
If the guarantee clause was applicable to the
governments of the southern States when they
sought to reestablish their relations in the
Union, a proposition without any truth, the
argument that laws to abolish these State gov-
ernments and establish military despotisms
•in their stead, to disfranchise a large propor-
tion of their white people and grant universal
negro enfranchisement, and to establish eligi-
bility to office for all negroes and ineligibility to
vast numbers of white persons, are necessary,
proper, and constitutional means to enable
Congress to guaranty to those States govern-
ments republican in form, is so monstrously
false as to stand refuted to universal reason.
That the powers, rights, and consequences
of war and conquest under national law were
applicable to the United States and the States
and people lately in rebellion, is a proposition
still more astoundingly false. According to
this pesition, by their conquest, those States,
their governments and institutions, were not
suspended but annihilated ; the Constitution
and the Union which it formed were utterly
destroyed to the extent of eleven States ; all
their public property, including the bonds in
suit in Texas vs. White, vested in the United
States, the conqueror, and also all the pri-
vate property, real and personal, of those
States, if the extreme right of conquest was
claimed, and all their people become foreigners
and conquered subjects. But these rights of
the conquerors, the United States, were then
and were to continue contingent and unsettled
until they should be confirmed by treaty or pos-
session so firm and so long as to show beyond
doubt that it would never be regained by the
conquered people. Never before in earth's
history was there, in a single war, so grand a
conquest, when considered in regard to the
number of people and the extent and affluence
of the conquered country. But the conquest
was by the Government of a common country
of a great part of it, not of a foreign nation,
and under these provisions of the Constitution :
" Congress shall have power to provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasions."
The President
" Shall take care that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted,"
There is "no other warrant for this vast con-
quest. Ours is a Government of limited and
delegated powers in which, both by necessary
implication and express words, all powers not
delegated to it by the Constitution were with-
held from it. I have quoted the only provisions
which import any authority to the Government
to use arms against any portion of the people,
and that is, to meet forcible resistance to the
execution of the laws and to quell armed organ-
izations against the United States. Beyond
those ends there are no purposes for which
arms can be legitimately used by the Govern-
ment; they achieved, the whole power of arms
is expended. Yet the Radical party claim
that the suppression of the rebellion is con-
quest; that the Government in the States in-
volved in it has all the rights and powers of a
conqueror, and may so lord it over that coun-
try and people; and yet the Constitution, which
confers upon that Government every particle
of power which it possesses, contemplates no
such condition of things, has organized no
powers to produce them, none to meet and
provide for them ; and the measures devised
by Congress and the Executive to take charge
of them are not only without any authority
from the Constitution, but in direct antagon-
ism with many of its most important principles
and subversive of both the general and State
governments.
One audacious Radical leader had the bold-
ness to declare that their policy and measures
were outside of the Constitution; by his admis-
sion and by its principles, they are a band of
daring usurpers in possession of power, and
by its abuse revolutionizing the Government
and tyrannizing over the people.
In wars of invasions and insurrection the
duty of the United States Government is sub-
stantially the same, and clear and simple : to
bring the contest to a apeedy and successful
issue, and defend and preserve the Union and
the constitutions and governments of the Uni-
ted States and all the States. This work admits
of no division or partial execution; all must
be saved or perish together, and the obligation
of the United States is equal and the same to
the whole and every part. The governments
of the States are part of the machinery of the
United States Government, not in such fre-
quent requisition, but no less indispensable than
Congress, or the Presidency, or the Supremo
Court. The idea of the United States Govern-
ment, by war, or any other operation, destroy-
ing or impairing any part of its own machinery
is too absurd, too suicidal to be entertained by
a rational mind ; and if that Government were
to strike at the existence of either of its own
departments it would not be more repugnant
to duty, principle, and good sense than to
1 attempt the destruction or disabling of a State
I and its government.
\ In the civil war the objects of the rebels
were disruption and change ; the duty and only
1 legitimate object of the United States Gov-
ernment were preservation and permanence.
Their objects could only be effected by the
| triumph of their arms, by successful revolution;
! those of our Government only by the suppres-
I sion of the rebellion. And yet the heretical
j dogma is, that the complete military overthrow
i and submission of the rebels effected their ob-
j ject to the extent of the destruction of the
' eleven States whose people were mostly en-
i gaged in it; and that the very end and purpose
and only power and duty of our government,
I in accepting the combat, the preservation of
i the whole, by its complete success brought
that amount of the deplorable consequences
of defeat. No, sir; in this rebellion there was
no destruction but what was natural, physical,
and the immediate result of arms, the loss of
life and property. All Governments and laws
and institutions were intended to be and were
saved by national success; and when by this
mode their deliverance from the enemy wa3
complete, their overthrow by Congress was most
absurd, wrongful, unconstitutional, and des-
potic, and for four dreary years has been the
baleful curse not only of the southern States
but of the nation.
The founders of our institutions intended to
establish permanently, throughout the whole
country, strength, law, order, and liberty; and
they framed a Government, if wisely and vir-
tuously administered, adequate to those great
objects.
No portion of the people of the United States
were more free or more devoted to liberty than
the white people of the southern States; no
people anywhere had higher intellectual en-
dowment or more noble personal qualities.
From the birthday of Independence they had
been educated in the highest appreciation of
their State rights, and cherished them as the
cap-sheaf of their liberties. One of their car-
dinal principles was that the Constitution was
a compact among sovereign States, and that
the sovereignty of each entitled it to withdraw
from the Union whenever it willed to do so.
This they regarded as the summary of all State
rights, andtheyasked onlyits peaceful exercise.
This was an error, but truth was never em-
braced by any people with more honest and
constant devotion, and their heroic struggle to
maintain it was the grandest that the world has
ever witnessed. They were overthrown, but
they fell covered all over with gloomy glory,
and no people ever engaged in such a conflict
came out of it, whether in victory or defeat, with
less of the stain of meanness, cruelty, orcrime.
No people ever made a truer or more noble
submission ; no triumphant Government ever
had such an opportunity for the exercise of
justice, clemency, magnanimity, wisdom, and
statesmanship.
