18*70.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
41st Gong....2d Sess.
State of Georgia—Mr. Morton.
Senate.
bloody, as in some other States, and not ex-
tending in this particular over every part of
the State. In the land of Clay and Crittenden
tbe Legislature recently distinguished itself by
refusing to let the people of Cincinnati, with
their own money, build a railroad across the
State. The stupidity of that operation in a
State where railroads are so much needed can-
not have justice done it by any terms that are
found in the English language.
Now, sir, I come to the State of Louisiana.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to make a
word of explanation before the Senator pro-
ceeds further.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. FOWLER. It is in reference to the
remarks of Governor Senter before the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, as reported in the
paper from which the Senator read. Governor
Senter in going on to say that General Forrest
being a shooting man he had better say noth-
ing about that, meant simply to say that he
did not want to discuss General Forrest's char-
acter before the committee, as he was not there;
not that he was afraid of him or anything of
that kind, or that there was any danger aboutit.
Mr. MORTON. Now, Mr. President, I
come to speak of the State of Louisiana ; and
this furnishes one of the strongest illustrations
of the effect of Democratic teachings and in-
structions, for what I am going to speak of
chiefly occurred after the Democratic conven-
tion in New York, and within sixty days before
the November election in 1868. I have here
the report of the committee appointed by Con-
gress to investigate the riots and murders and
violence committed in Louisiana preceding the
presidential election of 1868. It is a large vol-
ume. It contains the testimony of onehundred
and seventy-eight witnesses. An examination
of this volume will show that there were eight
hundred and fifty-nine murders committed in
the State of Louisiana within about sixty days
before the presidential election.
Mr. CASSERLY. How many?
Mr. MORTON. Eight hundred and fifty-
nine.
Mr. CASSERLY. Within sixty days?
Mr. MORTON. Just before the election,
and it is generally put within that time. I will
not be certain, however, on that point. They
were murders of a political character, and
springing from the organization to which 1 have
referred. This evidence discloses the organ-
ization of a secret society in the State of Louisi-
ana, sometimes called by one name and some-
times by another. As I before stated, the whole
number of murders was 859; gunshot wounds
in addition, 85; otherwise whipped and mal-
treated, 365; and I will state that there is evi-
dence outside of this volume, outside of the
examination of the committee, going to show
that the whole number of killed and wounded
there was over 1,800. The committee state
distinctly that their evidence does not extend
to the whole State, and they do not pretend that
they have gathered up evidence of all the out-
rages committed in that State. There is rea-
son to believe from the report itself that the
number of murders committed in Louisiana
before the Presidential election in 1868 were
at least 2,500.
1 might read the declaration upon the part
of this secret society. It does not call itself
the Kuklux in Louisiana; but the witnesses de-
clare that it was the Kuklux, the same society
ihat existed in other States; that the men
killed were Union men, Republicans, black
and white; the murders were of a political
character; the society was of a political char-
acter ; and we all know what was the result
of the election in Louisiana in 1868. Sir, if
you want to hold an election in Georgia under
the same circumstances, you will have the same
results, and it will be accompanied with the
same blood. I do not speak in this connec-
tion of the New Orleans riot which occurred in
1866, where there were some three hundred
persons killed, including those who died sub-
sequently of their wounds.
1 come now to the State of Texas. I will
read an extract from the report of the Freed -
men's Bureau for the State of Texas in 1868:
" A fearful amount of lawlessness and ruffianism
has prevailed in Texas during the pastyear. Armed
bands, styling themselves Kuklux, &c., havo prac-
ticed barbarous cruelties upon the freedmen. Mur*
ders by the desperadoes who have long disgraced
this State are of common occurrence. The civil
authorities havo beon overawed, and in many cases
even the bureau and military forces have been pow-
erless to prevent the commission of these crimes.
From information on file in the office of the assist-
ant commissioner it appears that ill the month of
March the number of freedmen murdered was 21,
of white men 15; the number of freedmen assaulted
with intent to kill 11, white men 7. Iu July the
number of freedmen murdered was 32, white men 7.
It has been estimated by reliable authority that in
August, 1868, there were probably 5,000 indictments
pending in the State for homicide in some of its vari-
ous degrees, in most cases downright murder, yet
since the close of the war only in ono solitary case
(that of a freedman who was hung at Houston) has
punishment to the full extent of the law been
awarded."
Mr. President, I have the authority of the
Senator from Texas [Mr. Hamilton]—I did
not speak with the other Senator—for the state-
ment that from the best evidence he has been
able to collect there have been since the war
more than three thousand murders committed
in the State of Texas. I will state what I
believe to be the condition of Texas. Owing
to the fact that Congress required that before
she should come in she should ratify the fif-
teenth amendment both parties in Texas were
compelled to place themselves on that basis.
The result was that the rebels in great part
took no part in that election. They wanted
Texas to come in, and they were willing that
the Republicans should carry the election for
that purpose; and it was a contest between
two good Republicans for Governor. But when
the next election comes, the State, having now
got her Senators and her Representatives in
Congress, there will be a development of all
these devilish and murderous elements that
have made Texas so famous for the last three
or four years. That society exists all through
Texas. The State is honey-combed with its
lodges. They are not dead ; they are only sus-
pended, and they will develop into full and mur-
derous life unless this Government shall extend
its protecting power to the Union men of that
State. I have not time to dwell upon the con-
dition of Texas.
I come now to the State of North Carolina,
which has been regarded, I believe, as the
soundest and the most reliable of all the south-
ern States ; and what is the fact there ? Why,
sir, the evidence is furnished to me, and it is
strong and overwhelming, that within the last
few weeks the Kuklux have developed in vari-
ous counties in North Carolina—1 am told in
some twenty counties—and to show that it is a
political organization, for political effect, the
counties in which it appears are the doubtful
counties, which it is necessary for them to carry
in order to control the State government. I
have the authority of the Senators from that
State for this statement. Numerous murders
have been committed; men are whipped from
time to time; and the same reign of terror is
now being established in North Carolina that
already exists in other States. I have not time
to dwell upon the condition of affairs in North
Carolina,-but I state the general situation;
and if I do not state it correctly, the two Sen-
ators from that State are amply able to set me
right.
Now I come to Alabama. Alabama, too,
has had a large Union majority; but, sir, that
majority is to be overcome, it is to be destroyed
in the same way that it was in Georgia. The
plan is to destroy the Union majority iu every
State in the Softth by this reign of terror j to
make men afraid to go to the polls and ex-
press their sentiments; to make them under-
stand that their lives are at hazard and their
property is at stake if they dare to express
themselves on the side of the Government.
A small minority can do this. Why, sir, they
paralyze the courts; they officiate as sheriffs
and bailiffs; they enter the jury-box; tliey are
the ready witnesses; and punishment cannot
be administered in the common courts of those
States.
How is it now in the State of Alabama,
which has hitherto been comparatively peace-
able? Within the last few weeks a number of
most diabolical murders have been committed
in that State. I was this morning visited by
Major Hays, who I believe represents the
fourth district of that State in the other end
of the Capitol, a native of Alabama, a man of
unquestioned character, and he laid before me
the condition of things in that State. He says
the bloody epidemic is advancing rapidly.
Recently a number of atrocious murders have
been committed, and he submitted a statement
that made my blood curdle. In the county of
Greene, in which he lives, he says there have
been nine murders committed in the last- two
weeks, in the county of Sumter there have
been three murders committed in the last two
weeks, and in the county of Tuscaloosa four
murders have been committed in the last two
weeks. Nine murders have been committed
in the county in which he lives in fourteen
days, and he has been notified by this infernal
organization that he must not return to the
State. If he does, it is at the risk of his life.
He says that a court officer, known as the cir-
cuit clerk of his county, has been notified to
leave the State within fifteen days upon the
peril of his life; and within a few days, I be-
lieve, the prosecuting attorney in that county
was murdered; and I think a Judge Charlton
was murdered only a few days ago. I forget
the name of the town where he was murdered.
Here, sir, in this one congressional district,
the strongest Republican district in the State,
for Major Hayes received 16,000 majority,
fifteen murders have been committed within
two weeks in four counties, and still the bloody
work goes on. The collector of customs at
Mobile has been notified by the Kuklux that
he must not visit the county of Greene, where
he proposed to go upon business, as I am
informed. While this has been the number
of murders, the number of whippings, of out-
rages of various kinds, is almost innumera-
ble, showing that the Kuklux in Alabama are
spreading rapidly.
I have here a report made by a joint com-
mittee of the Legislature of Alabama, showing
the existence of Kuklux outrages in that State,
from which I will read an extract:
" Your committee have examined a large number
of witnesses Irom many parts of the State of.mtel-
jigen<ce ciiid uwQucstioDfiblc vcmoitj, whose tsst^mony
abundantly establishes the fact that there exists, at
least in many portions of Alabama, a sccrct organ-
ization of men who disguibe themselves with masks
and other costumes tor the purpose of committing
crimcs and outrages upon peaceable and law-abid-
ing citizens, and thereby escape detection and# the
punishment which their villainies so justly merit.
"This organization is commonly known as the
Kuklux Klan. They generally make their appear-
ance in the still hours of the night, mounted on
horses, also disguised in like manner, and armed and
equipped for their murderous work with guns, re-
volvers, knives, and ropes. Under the covert of
their hideous disguises and the darkness of the night
they go forth from their secret haunts to perpetrate
the most inhuman and brutal outrages upon those
whose only fault is that they have ever been true to
their country and loyal to its Government. 1 our
committee beg leave to say that they have the best
evidence to believe that this organization is purely
political in its character. None but thosp oi one
particular party are known to belong to it, while
Union men and Republicans are made the JPecia*
objects of their fiendish abuse and violence. Almost
the only charge they bring upon the victims is wat
they are Radicals, or that they have voted tor tne
Republican candidates, or that they hold some offiee
under the reconstructed government of the btatc. it
