18T0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3181
Finance Committee was called to it, and I saw j
at once what it was intended to meet. I think ;
if the power given in this bill is wisely used,
as I have no doubt it will be by the Secretary of
the Treasury, the Government may be largely
the gaiuer thereby. There is a good deal of
property in the southern States whieh at one
time or other belonged to the confederate
States which has since passed into the hands
of other parties claiming it. The Government
officers have not held it to be their duty to
hunt up, ferret out, and bring into the pos-
session of the United States this property;
and it is alleged that other parties may, by
giving them some interest, some compensation,
do this; and if the amendment does not affect
that I have no objection to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment covers
all that perfectly.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The word
''abandoned'' is a very sweeping word, in my ;
opinion. 1 object to the present consideration
of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The word "abandoned"
is limited by the subsequent words, which define
it to mean property that ought to belong to the
United States. The question must first be de-
termined by the courts. It is only property
which is abandoned and under the law belongs
to the United States. Certainly abandoned
property may belong to the States, and this
does not cover that case; it only covers cases
where the title is in the United States.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will this
cover tax sales made by the United States of
property in the southern States?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; only derelictand
abandoned property—property that belonged
to the confederate government.
Mr. WARNER. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio whether the word "or" in the
eighth line onght not to be changed to " and,"
so as to cover the point raised by the Senator
from Maryland.
Mr. EDM UN DS. That part of the measure
is stricken out entirely in the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to hear the
amendment read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. I object to the consideration
of that resolution now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee objects, and the joint resolution will
be passed over.
treasury special agents. !
Mr. PATTERSON. The Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Mortox] authorizes me to say that
he withdraws big objection to House bill No.
902. It has been read, and I ask that it be
considered further.
By unanimous consent, the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 902) limiting the appoint-
ment of certain officers in the Treasury De-
partment was resumed as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to amend in
the fifth line of the first section by striking out
the words " at any one time ; " so as to read:
• "P141, l^e Secretary of the Treasury shall be, and
I? IS- • ^"'honied to appoint special agents, not
weeding fifty-three in number, for the purpose of
magmg the examinations of the books, papers, and
accounts of collectors, &e.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the effect of that
amendment ?
Mr. PATTERSON. As the bill now stands
'' ®'ght be interpreted in this way: that he
shall have the privilege of appointing fifty-
three at one time, and perhaps at another time
nity-three more; so that it would not limit the
number. This will limit the number in service
at any one time to fifty-three,
ili' I should like to know what
time86"'68 C08ts ®°vernment at '^e present
Mr. PATTERSON. On the 4th of March,
1869, the compensation per day of the seventy-
nine agents of the Treasury amounted to $447,
and the expenses of these agents ran up to
$lG0per day, making over six hundred dollars
a day in all." Under the present bill the daily
compensation of the agents will be $342, and
adding $150for expenses will make $492 in all.
Mr. FOWLER. Heretofore it has cost the
Government $600 a day.
Mr. PATTERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOWLER. Last year?
Mr. PATTERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOWLER. This year how much ?
Mr. PATTERSON. Four hundred and
ninety-two dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thisbillsaves$100a day.
Mr. FOWLER. I believe the committee
has endeavored to do its duty in regard to cut-
ting down this enormous expense. Indeed it
is perfectly frightful to think of expending
$600 a day for such creatures as these must
be. I have understood that some of them are
honest and honorable men. I do not know
exactly what kind of a man would undertake
such a business ns this, perhaps that kind of
man could be induced to do it, but to pay $600
a day out of the Treasuryof the United States
for such service as this is to me monstrous. I
think if the committee would entertain this bill
a little longer they could cut it down to $200
a day certainly. I am certain that the service
of the Government would be a great deal bet-
ter if it were reduced to that.
I do not intend to object to the bill, but still
I do not think the committee have brought it
anything like to the point to which they should
bring it. Instead of reducing the number to
fifty-three, I understand the bill is to be so
amended as to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to increase it beyond fifty-three. I
should certainly object to the consideration of
the bill at that point. Fifty-three, to my mind,
are certainly adequate. There is one thing I
wish to know of the committee, and that is
whether these fifty-three officers are to receive
a certain portion of the goods that are discov-
ered by them and reported by them to the
courts. Are they to receive a moiety?
Mr. PATTERSON. There is no provision
in this bill for their receiving it.
Mr. FOWLER. But they will receive it.
Mr. PATTERSON. There is nothing in
this bill on that subject. It leaves that matter
precisely as it stands now. This bill only cuts
down the number of special agents.
Mr. COLE. I think they do now receive
some compensation in that form, moieties or
something like it
Mr. FOWLER. In addition to this enorm-
ous amount of money paid out to these men,
my understanding is and always has been that
they receive a certain moiety from all the ille-
gal transactions they discover and report to the
courts; at any rate, for all the convictions that
are had. Here is another evil of the system. I
think the bill ought to provide against that. It
ought to provide forpaying these officers a suf-
ficient salary to enable them to discharge their
duties properly and serve the Government as
they ought to serve it, and then deprive them
of the opportunity of abstracting a much larger
sum from the Treasury of the United States
through this moiety system.
Mr. PATTERSON. I suggest that that is
not an objection to this bill. It may be an
objection to some other law, but not to the bill
that is now before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported by the Secretary. The Secretary would
like the Senator from New Hampshire to repeat
it, and state the precise point where he wishes
the amendment made.
Mr. PATTERSON. My amendment is to
strike out in the fifth line after the word
"number" the words "at any one time."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report that part of the bill as it will
read if amended as proposed.
The Secretary rsad as follows:
That tho Secretary of tho Treasury shall be, nnd
is hereby, authorised to appoint special agents, not
exceeding fifty-three in number, for the purpose of
making the examinations of tho books, papers, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves to amend by
striking out the words " at finy one time."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, I move to amend fur-
ther by inserting at the end of the second sec-
tion the words " or any other expenses except
such as are actually incurred in the discharge
of their official duties so that the proviso
will read:
Provided, That no aum shall be paid to any such
agents for mileage, or any other expenses except
such as aro actually incurred in the discharge of
their official duties.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The purpose which this
bill has in view is a very good one indeed.
The construction of it now is probably what I
propose, but to make it sure I move to amend
the bill in section three, line one, after the
word "that," by inserting the words "the
present number of special agents shall be re-
duced to fifty-three, and;" so that the section
will read:
Sec. 3. And he it farther enacted. That the present
number of special agents shall be reduced to fifty-
three, and no special agent in addition to the num-
ber authorized by tbia act shall be hereafter appointed
or employed upon any business relating to the cus-
toms revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the bill is re-
ported to the Senate I wish to hear read the
provision touching compensation as it stands
now.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Air. PATTERSON. Let us finish this bill.
It will take but a few moments.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will change his motion to a motion
to go into executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky insist on his motion or yield ?
Mr. McCREERY. I yield to the Senator
from New Hampshire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
New York asks that the portion of the bill in
regard to compensation be read. The Secre-
tary will read it.
The Secretary read the second section of the
bill, as amended, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be il further enacted. That saidspeciol
agents shall be divided into three classes. The first
class shall consist of nineteen agents, two of whom
shall each receivc, in addition to the expenses neces-
sarily and actually incurred by him, a compensation
often dollars per day, and seventeen of whom sball
each receive, in addition to expenses necessarily and
actually incurred by him, a compensation ofeigh tdol-
larsperday. The second class shall consist of six-
teen agents, each of whom shall receive, in addition
shall receive, in addition to expenses necessarily
and actually incurred by him, a compensation of
five dollars per day. And the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby authorized to make such rules and
regulations, not inconsistent with law, for the gov-
ernment of said special agents as he may deem expe-
dient and necessary: Provided, That no sum sball
be paid to any such agents for mileage or any other
expenses except such as are actually incurred in the
discbarge of their official duties.
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not rise to oppose this
bill. I am in favor of the general provisions
of the bill; but it strikes me the compensation
is rather high, especially that indefinite part of
it, "expenses." It so happened that some
seven or eight years ago I acted as special
agent of the Treasury Department for two
years, at a compensation of five dollars a day
and five cents a mile for travel. If the pay
was limited to a certain amount for travel
there could be no mistake about it, and no
indefiniteness; but when you say " expenses "
there is an indefinite quantity.
