280
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 14,
Senate.
State of Georgia—Mr. Morton.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
is a remarkable fact that no Democrat or Conserva-
tive, so far as it has come to the knowledge of your
committee, has ever fallen by theirnrarderous hands,
or been interfered with in the enj oyment of his rights
and liberties."
Now I come to the State of Georgia, the
State we have in hand, and I call the attention
of the Senate to the terrible condition of things
in that State. To show how far back the Ku-
klux were established in the State of Georgia
I will refer to a letter from General Meade to
General Grant in 1868. This letter is dated
Atlanta, Georgia, April 4, 1868, and it begins
thus:
"There aro unmistakable signs of disorder in this
State and Alabama from secret organizations such
as have disturbed Tennessee. I am about issuing a
very stringent order, and shall take very summary
measures to cheek this evit, if practicable; but the
force under my command is insufficient to control ai 1
parts of these States, and in view of the approaching
elections I would be much relieved if the forces here
could be temporarily increased, say, an additional
regiment for two months."
I refer to that letter to show that as early
as April, 1868, General Meade believed in the
existence of the Kuklux organization in the
State of Georgia, and asked for military force.
I now come to the evidence in regard to what
took place in Georgia in 1868, after the Demo-
cratic convention in the city of New York. I
have already shown that the revolution that took
place in the Legislature of Georgia could per-
haps be directly traced to the influence and
teachings of the Democratic convention in the
city of New York. I now refer to a report
made by the Judiciary Committee in 1869. In
that report they give a statement from the report
made by the Freedmen's Bureau. I have not
been able to find the report, but I find an
extract from it in the report of the Judiciary
Committee. It is as follows :
"It certainly furnishes a strong reason why Con-
gress should not at this time overlook the irregular-
ities in the organization of the Legislature of Geor-
gia, and admit ber Senators to representation. And
tins is not all. Your committee have examined the
ofheial reports of the various officers connected with
(he Freedmen's Bureau in Georgia, andfind reported
■'..'36 cases of murders and assaults with intent to mur-
der upon colored persons by tho whites, from Janu-
ary 1, 1868, to November 15 of same year; for all
ot which there has been no legal redress and scarcely
any effortwbatevor on tho part of the authorities to
punish tho criminals. And it is stated by these offi-
cers that they aro unable to report fully as to tho
number and character of these outrages on account
of intimidation of witnesses which is practiced by
the perpetrators of crime."
Three hundred and thirty-six murders and
assaults with intent to commit murder in Geor-
gia from the 1st of April to the 1st of Novem-
ber, 1868 ; and, as I am advised, nearly all of
them occurred after the 4th of July, 1868;
another item to set down to the credit of the
national Democratic convention.
Now, Mr. President, I will read an extract
from the report of General Terry, made on the
5th of August, 1869 :
"In many parts of the State there is practically
no government. Theworstof crimes arecommitted
and no attempt is made to punish those who commit
them. Murders have been and are frequent; the
abuse in various ways of the blacks is too common
to excite notice. There can be no doubt of the exist-
ence of numerous insurrectionary organizations
known as Kuklux Klans, who, shielded by their dis-
guise, by the secrecy of their movements, and by the
terror which they inspire, perpetrate crime with im-
punity. There is great reason to believe that in
some cases local magistrates are in sympathy with
the members of these organizations. In many places
they are overawed by them and dare not attempt to
punish them. To punish such offenders by civil
proceedings would be a difficult task, even were
magistrates in all cases disposed and had they tho
courage to do their duty, for tho same influences
which govern them equally affect juries and wit-
nesses. A conversation which I have had with a
wealthy planter, a gentleman of intelligence and
education, and a political opponent of the present
national Administration, will illustrate this diffi-
culty. . While deploring the lamentable condition
oi affairs m tho county in which he lives he frankly
admitted to me that were the most worthless vaga-
bond in the country to be charged with a crime
against the person of a Republican or a negro
neither he nor any other person of property within
the county would dare to refuse to give bail for the
offender, nor would they dare to testify against him,
whatever might be their knowledge of his guilt,"
I propose now to present some evidence to
show the progress of terrorism in Georgia from
the 1st of April until the election on the first
Tuesday of November, 1868; and to have my
statements understood I will first premise that
the white vote registered in Georgia was 102,-
411, the colored vote registered was 98,507.
In April Bullock, as Governor, received 83,527
votes; Gordon, the Democratic candidate,
received 76,356. Bullock's majority was over
7,000. In the month of November following,
some seven months afterward, Seymour re-
ceived 102,828, and Grant received 56,386.
Seymour's majority was over 46,000; making
a change of over 58,000 votes in Georgia in
seven months. How was that change brought
about? Was it a change of opinion? It was
brought about by the terror that had been in-
augurated ; and I will present you some figures
that go to show it.
I refer to a document printed by the House
of Representatives; aiid this will show how this
great change of 53,000 votes in seven months
had been made. I have a list here in this
documentof nineteen counties and onecity, the
city of Savannah. In the city of Savannah the
number of white votes registered was 3,000;
colored, 3,900. Of that number Bullock re-
ceived 2,854, and Grant received 400. The
terror did its work pretty well in Savannah. I
come now to Jones county. The number of
white votes registered in Jones county was 486;
colored, 1,073. Of that number Bullock re-
ceived 718 ; Grant received not one. Theter-
ror did its work pretty well in that county. I
come to Columbia county. In that county the
white votes registered was 6G9; colored, 1,854.
Bullock received 1,122 votes,and General Grant
received 1. I come to Randolph county. The
white vote registered was 954; colored, 1,193.
Bullock received 087; General Grantreeeived 1.
1 come to Baker county, wherethe whole num-
ber of colored votes was 1,053. Bullock received
255 of that number. The terror did its work
pretty well there, as Grant received only 33.
Then, running down through these nineteen
counties and this one city, we find over twenty-
two thousand voters who were prevented from
going to the polls, or were compelled to vote
the Democratic ticket. Here was a revolution
brought about in seven months in the State of
Georgia, resulting in a change of fifty-three
thousand votes, our distinguished President, in
some counties, not being permitted to receive
one vote. This will give you, sir, a foretaste
of what are to be the results of an election
forced on in that State next fall.
In the city of Augusta, in 1868, there were
registered eighteen hundred and sixty-seven
colored voters. In December, 1869, some four
months ago, they held a municipal election,
and the whole number of colored voters regis-
tered was fifty-seven. All the rest were de-
terred from even putting down their names
upon the registry.
Si>r, the Kuklux are spreading in all the
southern States, and the idea is not original.
There was such a society in Europe in the six-
teenth century, to which the death of many
noble and good men is accredited by history ;
and I find on looking over the ritual of the Ku-
klux Klan that many things are borrowed from
that celebrated assassination society.
And now, Mr. President, for I do not wish
to detain the Senate, allow me to consider
very briefly what should be done. In the first
place there must be a law of Congress author-
izing the President of the United States to
extend the power and protection of this Gov-
ernment into all the States, and that law should
be so framed as to enable him to do it where
there may be a weak' or disloyal Governor who
refuses to call upon him, or where there may
be a disloyal Legislature that refuses to act
with the Governor, as in the State of Tennes-
see. There must be some such law put upon
the statute-book to protect the lives of loyal
men in the late rebel States. I will not now
stop to discuss the features of that measure.
They will, perhaps, come up for discussion on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drake,] but I state thatasbeing
one of the measures which must be passed by
this Congress if it intends to do its duty toward
the loyal men of the South and the peace of
the whole nation.
And, sir, I would not nowrefer Georgia back
to military authority and keep her in her pres-
ent condition. I do not think that is the best
way. I think that she should be admitted;
her Senators should be allowed to take their
seats ; and she should be authorized to organ-
ize a militia; and that militia, organized by the
present zealous, bold, and active Governor of
Georgia, would be an omnipresent force exist-
ing in every county, existing in every township,
while the military force of the United States
under the present law would only be established
at a few points, would not have that omnipres-
ent character which is necessary to afford com-
plete protection. I might refer to the result in
the State of Arkansas, where the militia, organ-
ized under Governor Clayton, has proved most
efficient in protecting that State from Kuklux
outrages.
To remand Georgia to a military govern-
ment I think would not now accomplish it.
It would be a repudiation of the loyal men of
that State. All we ask is that they shall be
allowed, through their own action; or, if you
please, by the express action of Congress, to
continue the present loyal State government
during the term for which they were elected.
The Legislature elected for two years was
cheated out of the first two years very nearly.
It was revolutionized. They have but just come
into power ; indeed hardiy yet, a loyal organ-
ization having been effected for the first
time in the month of January. What we ask
is that they shall be allowed to serve out the
two years for which they were elected, that
these men shall not be allowed to take advan-
tage of their own wrong. That is what they
are asking, to be allowed to take advantage of
their own wrong. First, by usurpation, they
kept the loyal men in Georgia out of authority
for two years ; and now I say they should not be
driven to count that usurpation upon their term.
There is no justice and there is no law in that.
Mr. President, the Union men of the South
are everywhere falling, silently in most cases,
their fall noted only by their Father in heaven.
Their bones may yet be found, like those of
the murdered traveler, but there will be no
epitaph to give their names or to tell by whose
hands they have fallen. The time has come
to be done with trifling. Away with all trifling.
The lime for action has come. There is the
smell of blood in the air; it is sprinkled all
along the pathway through which we are march-
iug. Why, sir, the commission of one murder
by a secret organization will terrify a whole
county, a whole district. When men go to
bed at night apprehensive that before morning
they will be aroused by the smell of fire or be
summoned to the door by the hoarse voice of
the Kuklux Klan, all resistance, all endurance
give way; the father trembles for his family;
he will abandon his principles; he will sur-
render his property perhaps, and fly to a more
hospitable clime.
No one has been punished yet; no, not one;
not for treason, not for murder, not for all the
nameless crimes committed by the rebellion—
no one punished yet. Oh, what weakness!
Can you find in all history sueb weakness as
has been shown in reference to this matter?
Mercy to the criminal has been cruelty and
death to the innocent. If there is one duty
resting upon this Congress more sacred and
more solemn than every other, it is to protect
the Union, the loyal men of the South.
