2238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; aud being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAN DOMINGO TREATY.
Mr. MUNGENsubmitted thefollowingreso-
lution ; upon which he moved the previous
question:
Resolved, That tho President, if in liis opinion not
incompatible with tho public service, oommunicate
to this House a copy of the list of privileges in tho
oflieo of the Secretary of State accompanying or
1 elating to tho San Domingo treaty; giving tho
names of the parties and companies to wbora havo
been granted lands, mines, franchises, and privi-
leges of all kinds by the Dominioan Government;
also, the amount of money paid out by our Govorn-
uiont preliminary to and concerning the negotiation
of said troaty, to whom and for what purposes, and
out of what fund paid.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; aud under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISAAC N. WOODS.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. 11. No. 1055) for the relief of Isaac N.
Woods; which was read a first and second time,
and, with the accompanying papers, referred to
the Committee of Claims.
it. II. BISHOP.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1050) for the relief of R. H. Bishop;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
OltDEIl OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 rise to move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to move !o go
to business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. DIXON. I ask consent to make a report
from the Committee on Commerce in relation
to tho seal fisheries of Alaska.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is impossible that I can
yield to any one. I have had more than thirty
applications for tho floor.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. Tho motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Soiiexck] takes pre-
cedence of all others, for it is a motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. SCHENCK. Pending the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, I desire to ask unanimous eon-
sent that the Committee of tho Whole on tho
state of the Union shall take a recess from half
past four till half past seven o'clock, so as to
continue the debate on the tariff' this evening.
My desire is to close the debate to-morrow.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will defer his
motion for a little time. There are several
matters relating to the course of business in
the House that will not take time and that
ought to be considered to-day.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign AfFairs has advised the Chair
I hat lie desires the privilege of submitting a
resolution relating to the business of his com-
UxiUee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield for such mat-
ters as will not divide the House or cause de-
lay. I yield with tho understanding that gen-
tlemen shall withdraw anything that gives rise
to debate or division.
CUBAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. BANKS. I am unanimously instructed
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs to report
the following resolution:
Resolved, That leave be granted to the Committee
on foreign Alfairs to present in print for tho con-
sideration of tho llouse majority and minority roports
upon the several resolutions, petitions, Ac., roferred
to that committee relating to tho Cuban question
on Wednesday, tho 6th day of April next, and that
the reports be mado the special order for that day
and for each succooding day until disposed of.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will that
supersede other special orders ?
Mr. BANKS. No. sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 shall object if it will
postpone other special orders.
Mr. BANKS. It will not set aside other
special orders.
The SPEAKER. It does not set aside any
previous special order, but takes its place
according to date of order.
Mr. BANKS. I now call the previous ques-
tion .
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Perhaps the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schunok] will yield now to a
motion to proceed to business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I decline to yield for that
purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It will not take long.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It would take
some time.
river AND iurhor improvements.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentlo-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Conger.]
Mr. CONGER. 1 offer the following reso-
lutions, and call the previous question on them:
Rewlved, (as tho opinion of this House,) That tho
policy of this (lovernment adopted in 182*1, and sineo
that time pursued, of aiding by suitable appropria-
tions the improvement of the harbors and rivers of
tho United Sliil.es, lias been of great ad vantage to tho
agricultural, manutaoturing, and commercial inter-
ests by promoting the settlement and wealth of tho
country, furnishing cheaper transportation to its
immigration and productions, equalizing the advan-
tages of locality and tho rewards of industry, and
should be adhered to as the trno national policy.
kesnbed. That, in tho present tinaneial condition of
tho country in pursuing this system it is tho duty of
Congress to make at this time only such appropria-
tions as are necessary, either
First. To preserve and keep in repair the public
works already completed and those ill proccss of
construction; or
Second. To prosecuto or complete such works asby
roasonableexpenditurcwilladd greatlyto tho facili-
ties ol'commerce and cheapen transportation, or arc
necessary as harbors of refuge; or
Third. To continue work upon such improvements
of a general character or of special importance requir-
ing a long period for their construction or an entire
appropriation for their completion as will suffer
materially from postponement or suspension; and
Fourth. That other public works of a general or
local nature should yield to tho necessities of tho
times and await their completion until the reduced
indebtednessand taxation of the people will warrant
a more liberal expenditure for works of public im-
provement.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for tho regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] must proceed or yield the floor.
Mr. CONGER. I thought I had a right to
present my resolutions, and having done so I
called the previous question upon them.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman could offer
them only by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONGER. Did any one object to my
offering the resolutions?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsby] called for the regular
order, which is equivalent to au objection to
any other business.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer these resolutions for the instruction
of the Committee on Commerce in regard to
appropriations for the improvement of rivers
and harbors, in which subject every gentleman
in the House is interested.
Mr. KELSEY. I insist, upon the regular
order.
Mr. CONGER. Then I ask that my resolu-
tions be printed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman wish
them referred ?
Mr. CONGER. No ; only printed.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
No objection was made; and the order to
print was accordingly made.
PERSONAr, EXPLANATION.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stokes] desires to make a per-
sonal explanation, which he says will take but
one minute. If no one objects, I will yield to
him for that purpose.
Mr. STOKES. I ask but one minute.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
personal explanation. I desire to make a cor-
rection in the testimony I gave before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. At the time I gave
my testimony my impression was that the
amount of money paid by my colleague [Mr.
Butler J to the chairman of the State central
committee of Tennessee, (Captain Wood-
cock,) for the support of the State Journal
was $500, and I so stated. But on looking
over some papers yesterday I found the written
statement of the chairman of the State central
committee, and the amount is there stated to
be $300. The other $200 was paid to Colonel
Grisham, the editor of the paper. I deem it
due to myself and to the chairman of the State
central committee to make this correction in
order to set the matter right.
OIIDEK ifok A NIGHT SESSION.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before I make the motion
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union upon
the special order, I move that the Committee
of the Whole be directed to take a recess from
half past four to half past seven o'clock this
evening. •
The motion was agreed to upon a division—
ayes 80, noes 30.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
bo suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of tho Whole on tho state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sinned the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend ex-
isting laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Asper] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ASPER addressed the.committee. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. PACKARD. When the commander
who has lost tho day on the battle-field looks
around hiin it is easy then to see how the plan
of battle might have been so changed as to
give him the victory. His mistakes stand out
in relief; and he regrets when too late that
he did not foresee the consequences of this
movement or that. But it was his business to
foresee; and it is tho business of the legislator
to foresee, tit least enough to understand some-
thing ol the effect on the people of the passage
of a great measure of political economy.
