3182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3#
Mr. PATTERSON. Let me say to my col-
league that the proviso strikes oat all the
expenses for mileage, and provides that they
shall receive compensation for no other ex-
penses except such as are actually incurred in
the discharge of their official duties.
Mr. CRAGIN. But the actual expenses are
not limited. I only make the suggestion.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish, either, to
oppose this bill. On the contrary, if I can be
satisfied that it is an improvement. I wish to
be active in its support. But I should like to
know at this point, from the Senator having it
in charge, if he can give me the information,
or from any other Senator, whether the Secre-
tary of the Treasury deems this provision now
grading the officers and limiting their pay a
suitable one, or an adequate one, to enable him
to do what the bill intends ? I have not heard
that stated at all.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will reply to the gen-
tleman now if he wishes it. I will state that I
went with another member of the committee
to the Secretary of the Treasury and presented
this bill to him, and it met with his entire
approbation.
Mr. CONKLING. So that the Senator is
able to assure us that the Secretary thinks that
being permitted to pay only two men ten dol-
lars a day and everybody else less than that
he can obtain the services which are intended
here, and which will be equal to those he has
heretofore employed ?
Mr. PATTERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President, I
have this observation to make upon that: the
best men who will be employea will not be
those who will avail themselves of the oppor-
tunity presented by the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. CRAonr.] They will not be
the men who will multiply expenses and who
by indirection and devious expedients will pos-
sess themselves of any more than their salary.
On the contrary, they will be those confining
themselves honestly to the per diem here pro-
vided, ten dollars a day, and that is to extend
to only two. While I will not set up my asser-
tion against that of the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,] or against any
acquiescence which he thinks the Secretary of
the Treasury has expressed, I venture to put
on record the doabt at least which I entertain
abont the Secretary's being able, in the case of
these two men even, to obtain such services as
are here requisite.
Mr. ED MUNDS. What is the present pay?
Mr. CONKLING. The present pay, I be-
lieve, is somewhat unregulated and undefined.
I am told by Senators that in certain cases it
extends to $5,000 a year. I have not any ex-
act knowledge of my own on that subject which
authorises me to undertake to instruct the
Senator, bnt so I am told.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I always understood that
the highest rate was six dollars a day and ex-
penses.
Mr. CONKLING. But now, Mr. President,
this is the proposition: that of fifty-three men
two, and only two, may receive ten dollars a
day. If they are to be scheming men; if they
are to be unconscientious men j if they are to
help themselves under the pretense of "ex-
penses," as suggested by the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Craciw,] to more than
their pay, then I grant you may command that
grade of talent and efficiency adequate for
these places. If, on the contrary, they are to
be honest men, circumspect and careful men,
in denying to themselves everything except
that which the law intends they shall receive,
then it is untrue, it is economically untrue,
that for these two chief places you can find
men for ten dollars a day, because their time
and their services anywhere else are worth a
great deal more.
Now, passing over those two men, let us come
to the remaining fifty-one. They are to receive,
if I understand it, eight dollars a day and five
dollars a day. I have no doubt that as to the
majority of them, if only the required capacity
and talent are sought after, the pay will be
sufficient—as to the majority I say; but I doubt
very much the ability of the Secretary of the
Treasury or anybody else to find men adequate
to the service in these ehiefer places for such
, compensation as is here allowed. But, as I say, I
do not mean upon my own motion and upon the
very slight knowledge I have to interpose an
objectiou to the bill. I doubt very much, how-
ever, whether it is to be systematically and
thoroughly a cure for the evils which are com-
plained of.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. DRAKE. Let us have a brief execu-
tive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; it is nearly five
o'clock. I insist on the motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
^ adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 3,1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. ra.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
On motion of Mr. RANDALL, by unani-
mous consent, the further reading of the Jour-
nal was dispensed with.
' georgia.
Mr. PAINE, by uuanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1951) to admit the
State of Georgia to representation in the Con-
gress of the united States; which was read
a first and second time, referred, together
with an amendment offered by Mr. Beamak, to
the select Committee on Reconstruction, and
ordered to be printed.
kansas war claims.
Mr. ASPER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back the bill (H. R. No. 112) to authorize the
settlement of the claims of the State of Kansas
for services of the troops called out by the
Governor of that State, upon the requisition of
Major General Curtis, to repel the invasion of
General Price, with the recommendation that it
! do pass; which, with the accompanying report,
was ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
army and navy officers.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1962) to equalize
the compensation of the officers of the Navy
and Army of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
adjournment sine die.
Mr. STILES. I rise to a privileged question
and submit the following resolution, on which
I demand the previous question:
Retolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives declare their respective IIou «8
adjourned tine die on Monday, the 4thof July next,
at meridian.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
54, noes 34; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Stiles and Mr.
Kelsky.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 76, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be now
put.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded theyeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The quostion was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 65, not voting
80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, A roller, Armstrong, Jion-
man.Bonjamin, Bennett, Biggs, Bird, Burdett. Rod-
erick It. Butler. Calkin, William T. 01 ark, Cleveland
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Connor, Cowies'
Cox, Dickinson, Box, Duval, Ferry, Finkclnluirg'
Fisher, Uartiold.OeU, Gibson, Gilfillan, Hale, Huni-
bleton. Harris,Hawley, Hays,Ucflin, Ilogo.Holman
Hotchkiss. Thomas L.Jones. Judd, Lynch, JlcCor-
mick, MoCrary. MoKee, McKonzie, McNeely, Mer-
cur, William Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill
Morrissey, Nibluok, Pomeroy, Randall, linger/
Roots, Seofleld, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, Sloouin, Joseph S. Smith, Starkweather
Stiles, Stone, Stoughton.Strader, Strickland,Strong!
S'.vann, Sweeney, Trimble, Upson, Van Auken, Van
Trump. Voorhees, Wnrd, Wells, Wliitinorc, John T.
Wilson,Winans, and Winchester—82.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Asper,
Beck, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Bookor, Buck, Butfin-
ton, Cake, Cossna, Churchill, Covode, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Fitch, Hamilton, iloar. Hooper. Ingersoll,
Jenokes, Kolley, Kelsey, Kotcham, lvnapp, Laflin,
Lawrence, Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew, Jciso li.
Mooro, Morphis. Daniel J. Morrcll, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill, Packard, Paino, Peok, Peroe, Pholps. Por-
ter, Prosser, Rice, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, John
A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Stevenson, Stokes. Tanner, Taylor,
Tillman, Townsend. Tyner, Van Wyck, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, WilUrd, Williams, and Eugene JI.
Wilson—65.
NOT VOTING—Mossrs. Adams, Atwood, Axtcll,
Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Beatty, Boles,
Boncn, Boyd, George M. Brooks, James Brooks,
Buckley, Burchard, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Sid-
ney Clarke, AmasaCobb.Cook.Crebs.Cullom, Davis,
Dawes. Dogener, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Donley,
Dyer, Ela. Eldridge, Fox, Griswold, Haignt, Halde-
man, liamill. Hawkins, Hay, Ileaton, Hill, John-
son, Alexander H. Jones, Jnlian, Kellogg, Kerr,
Knott, Lash, Logan, Lougbridge, Marshall, May-
ham, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Mungen, Orth,
Packer, Palmer, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Potter,
Reeves, llidgway, Sanford, Schumaker, Sherrod,
Shober, Stevens, Taffe, Twichell.Van Horn.Williom
B. Washburn, Welker.Wheoler, Wilkinson, Witcher,
Wood, and Woodward—80.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. ASPER stated that his colleague [Mr.
Boyd] was absent on leave.
Mr. BENTON stated that his colleague, [Mr.
Stevens,] who was absent on leave, he had no
doubt if present would vote in the negative.
The vote was then announced aa above re-
corded.
Mr. STILES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pknsac0la navy-yard.
Mr. HAYS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Retolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to communicate to the House of Represent-
atives such information as he may possess as to the
necessity of repairing officers' quarters at the Pensa-
oola navy-yard, and also to state what appropriations
are necessary for that purpose, and also for other
essentials of the naval service at the said Pensacola
navy-yard.
Mr. KELSEY. I object, and demand the
regular order of business.
civil service.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
begun, and reports are in order from the se-
lect Committee on the Reorganization of the
Civil Service of the Government.
Mr. JENCKES, from the committee just
named, reported back House bill No. 1364, to
regulate the civil service of the United States,
with a substitute.
The substitute was read. It provides, in the
first section, that hereafter all appointments
of civil officers in the several Departments of
the service of the United States, except post-
masters and such officers as are by law required
to be appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall be
made from those persons who shall have been
found best qualified for the performance of the
duties of the offices to which such appointments
are to be made, in open and competitive exam-
inations, and after terms of probation, to be
conducted and regulated as herein prescribed.
The second section provides that for the
