1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
41st Cong....2d Sess.
International Coinage—Mr. KeUey.
Ho. op Reps.
International Coinage.
SPEECH OF HON. W. D. KELLEY,
op pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
April 13, 1870.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. E. No. 1113) to promote the establishment of an
international metrical system of coinage—
Mr. KELLEY said:
Mr. Speaker : I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures to
report this bill; not, however, for the purpose
of asking the immediate consideration thereof,
but in the hope of bringing the important sub-
ject to which it relates to the attention of Con-
gress and the country, and in the confident ex-
pectation that before this Congress expires we
may obtain such an expression of opinion as
may justify the committee and House in taking
delinite action on the subject.
The bill is not an emanation from the com-
mittee. It was prepared in accordance with
the demands of commerce and science.
There assembled in Paris in the summer of
1867 a convention of commissioners represent-
ing most of the States of the Continent, Great
Britain, and the United States, for the purpose
of conferring upon the practicability of estab-
lishing a "common unit of money of identical
value in all commercial countries," by which
international commercial operations should be
simplified. To that convention our system of
coins was not presented as offering a unit that
might prove acceptable. Thiswas, in my judg-
ment, an unfortunate omission, which it is the
duty of Congress to repair. England presented
her system, and had our delegate presented
ours, that of Prance would also have been pro-
posed, and they would each have been consid-
ered and the merits and defects of each freely
discussed. But the commissioner from the
United States, Hon. Samuel B. Ruggles, hav-
ing persuaded himself that a twenty-five franc
piece was the proper unit, did not propose our
dollar, which is metrical within the law of tol-
erance; but, when the English commissioners
proposed the pound sterling, ''objected on
behalf of the United States, and proposed to
reduce both the English and American coinage
to the French standard and accept a coin of
twenty-five francs as the unit." This action
of Mr. Ruggles was regarded by the scientific
men of our country as singularly unfortunate,
inasmuch as the convention had been appointed
in pursuance of a resolution of Congress request-
ing the President " to confer with foreign Gov-
ernments" for the purpose I have stated, as
it foreclosed the consideration of our dollar or
any multiple thereof as the unit and narrowed
the discussion to the question between the
French and English systems.
As soon as this action of our commissioner
became known in this country the American
Association for the Advancement of Scicnce
forwarded a memorial to Congress asking that
no precipitate action should be taken on the
subject. And a little time thereafter the Ameri-
can Statistical Association presented a memo-
rial asking that any international system of
coinage to which this country might become a
party should be based upon simple relations to
the generally accepted unit of coinage weight,
the gram of the French metric system. These
memorials were referred to the committee I
now represent, and over which I then had the
honor to preside. It was then too late to hope
for action by the Fortieth Congress; but, in
conjunction with Mr. Ii. B. Elliott, statistician
of the Treasury Department, and Dr. Benjamin
F. Craig, of the chemical department of the
Surgeon General's Office, I prepared a bill
and on the 21st of July, 1868, presented it,
with the request that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures.
That bill contained a number of sections. By
referring to it gentlemen will find that the one
now before the House contains but the pre-
amble and first section of it. The preamble
recites that whereas certain nations of Europe
have adopted and have proposed to the rest of
the world a coinage which was originally based
upon that system of weights known as the
metrical, but which, under the influence of cir-
cumstances, has departed from its intended
character; and whereas there is an assured
expectation that this character of simple rela-
tionship to metrical weights will be ultimately
returned to; and whereas the coinage of the
United States can be brought into exact con-
formity with metrical weights by a change in
its value amounting to less than one third of
one per cent, in the case of gold coins ; and
the single section of which the proposed law
consists, reads thus:
He it enacted hy the Senate and JUouse of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the gold hereafter coined by the United
States shall contain for each dollar of denominational
valuo one and one half grams of pure gold, and shall
weigh for each dollar one and two thirds grams, the
proportion of alloy being thus keptasoneinten. Such
coins shall have stamped upon them, in addition to
other devices, their weight m grams and tho inscrip-
tion, nine tenths fine.
The bill originally presented attracted little
popular attention in this country. I do not
know, Mr. Speaker, that it invoked a para-
graph from the commercial or miscellaneous
press of the country. It was, however, elab-
orately commented upon in almost every scien-
tific journal, and was specially indorsed by the
American Association for the Advancement
of Science, and attracted much attention on
the continent of Europe. It is singular that
a bill which was presented to Congress and
deemed scarcely worthy of notice except by
men of science should have given rise to wide
discussion in Europe, attracted the attention
of the associated Chambers of Commerce of
Great Britain, and become the subject of quite
a number of pamphlets in foreign languages.
Baron Eugene Notliomb, attracted by it, pre-
pared fortlie Prussian Annals, which appeared
in volume twenty-four, an elaborate essay on
the subject of international coinage, and com-
mended my proposition as one that would secure
the adoption of such a system.
He was soon followed by M. L6on, mem-
ber of the French Academy and a gentleman
distinguished in many departments of science.
He, again, was followed by Mr. G. D. Augs-
purg, member of the North German Diet, in
a pamphlet of some seventy-odd pages, four
chapters of which were devoted to my bill and
the consideration of two on the same subject
which had been introduced into the Senate of
the United States, from both of which he dis-
sented, while approving the House bill. And
he, again, was followed by au elaborate pam-
phlet from A. G. Mosle, of Bremen, addressed
especially to the members of the German Com-
mercial Diet.
I propose, with the leave of the House,
before entering on the general discussion of
the questions involved, to submit to its con-
sideration some of the remarks of these gentle-
men.
I am indebted to the New York Evening
Post for a translation of the able essay of Baron
Nothornb, which is a learned and elaborate
discussion of the whole subject. Regretting the
fact that my bill had not been adopted, he said:
" The question of international coinage has occu-
pied a good deal of attention of late, especially in
Germany, where it was the subject of discussion in
tho Assembly, June 33,186S, and in tho Duties Par-
liament, June 21,186J; and there seems to be some
danger of the adoption of a convention on tho part
of Germany, concluded December 23, 1865, between
France, Italy, Belgium, and Switzerland for a term
of fifteen years, which has been joined by Greece,
and most likely will bo by Spain also. In the United
States the bill presented during the last session by
Mr. Kelley, of Pennsylvania, has brought the sub-
ject prominently before the public, and it is to be
regretted that action could not then have been taken,
because the adoption of Mr. Kslbby's plan by Con-
gress would have been influential in delaying for-
eign Governments from attempting the establish-
ment of an international coinage on the basis of
tho gold franc, which could only prove a failure."
Speaking of the gold franc upon a multiple
of which the commissioner from the United
States had proposed to unify the coinage of the
world, lie says:
"What is this gold franc? It deserves first the re-
proachof being too small for coinage, and exists only
in pieces of five. Its weight is 0.2903225806, plus an
infinitestiraal decimal fraction of fine gold (900 grams
gold = 3,100 francs;) but such weight is found neither
in tho metric norin anyother system of tho world; tho
five, ten, and twenty franc piecos are not at all weigh-
able. Consequently this coin does not satisfy tho
demand ot being of a guarantied weight which every
one, as long as it has not lost its weight, should be
bound to accept in payment. It would be illogical
to recommend its adoption to other nations."
Baron No thomb also calls attention to the fact
that though Belgium is a party to the treaty of
December 23, 1865, and bound to adhere to
the French system for fifteen years from that
date, she is dissatisfied with it; and referring
to the debates of the Paris convention, session
of June 17,1867, cites the language of M. Stas,
the Belgian commissioner, as follows:
" Belgium would prefer that the oonferenco adopt
an entirely now system of coinage, should establish
principles and not practical expedients. Nothing
durable could be created by the latter and only fresh
difficulties forthe future. a common system of coin-
age can bo reached only on a primary, unalterable
basis; if resting on a unit of five or ten grams it
would possess tho immeasurable advantage that all
nations could adopt it without exciting national
sensibilities. True, it would require the discontinu-
anceof existing coins, but. a rational, dcliriitc; system
would be created which would stand unchangeable.
The representative of Belgium added to this
that in Ms opinion no true five, ten, or twenty
francs existed, since they were not amenable
to metric weight. But the conference did not
enter on the discussion of a new proposition,
and Belgium, not informed of tbe metrical
character of our coinage, and too small to intro-
duce a new one, yielded.
Pursuing the subject further, and enforcing
his own opinions by those of other distinguished
men, the Baron says:
" M. Chevalier expresses himself in a smilar man-
ner. His authority m matters of coinage is so great
m France and elsewhere that his opinion deserves a
place. In a letter to tho Journal dee Debate of June
26, 1867, ho gives an elaborate history of the gold
franc, and concludes thus: ' Wchavearight to ask
whether the twenty-franc piece possesses those quali-
ties which render it worthy of adoption by other na-
tions. The metrical system is at present in general
favor.and will fin ally displace all otbers; butthevery
misfortune in our gold is to be without the pale of
metric weight. The twenty franc piece weighs 6.4516
grams, plus a decimal fraction, and is a8 "bar-
oque" as the sovereign, the dollar, or any other coin.
The English havo just as much right to propose tho
sovereign as an international coin, or the Spaniards
their doubloon. In honor of tho metric system we
should bring a sacrifice to other nations by giving up
our present coinage. That would be preaching by
example, and no predication could bo more effect-
ive.' M. B. do Parieu,_ vice president of the State
council, shares this opinion.—See Journal des Econ-
omistes, June,1867.
"From all this it appears that in the eyes of those
who know the French system of coins it is not fault-
less, and before adopting tho same it is well worth
while to inquiro whether or not a new national plan
can satisfy all just demands. The so-culledt 'Latin
Coinage Union' is a considerable fact; tho idea of
traveling through seven States, with eighty-six mil-
lion inhabitants, without calling at exchange offices,
is very pleasant. Still the United States should well
prove the plan proposed by Mr. Kelley, and if con-
vinced of its entire practicability, take the lead in
the reform at an early day, even if for a time a
'Saxon Coinago Union' should stand side by side
with the Latin."
In conclusion, Baron Nothomb points out
the fact that by reducing our coinage but three
tenths of one per cent, our twenty-dollar gold
piece will have the precise value of three Ger-
man union crowns and of fiv6 Russian half
imperials; but that to adopt the French sys-
tem the three nations must reduce their gold
coins 3-fifg per cent., and that this would be a
departure from and not an approximation to
the metric system. He says:
"The system proposed by Mr. Kelley in tho United
