1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4127
Mr. HOWARD. This is a very important
bill. It asks for no grant of lands. The object
of the bill is simply to enable the company to
go on with their work. There are certain
embarrassments in the charter of the company
- which it is necessary to remove in order to
enable the company to proceed with their work
honestly and fairly.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to the
Pacific railroad bill proper being made a special
order, bat ihis is a mere local road.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 shall not antagonize this
bill against any of the important bills of the
session, tax bills or census bills; but I want to
put it in progress so that it may be passed at the
proper time, and that we may have the road
built.
The resolution was nol agreed to ; therebeing,
on a division—ayes 25, noes 15; two thirds not
having voted for it.  
american shipping.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the nextresolutiononthe Calendar.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion submitted by Mr. Chandler on the 25th
of May:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commercebo in-
structed to inquire and report as to the most feasible
and effective method for restoring the foreign com-
merce of the United States to American vessels.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that that reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
bridges on the ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reso-
lution on the Calendar is one submitted on the
27th of May by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scott,] to place the bill (S. No. 256) in
relation to bridges across the Ohio river upon
the Calendar of special orders.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, the Senate has
by its vote given to a bill affecting the interests
of a railroad company a place on the list of
special orders. This is a bill in which the
interests of those who have their property and
business upon the Ohio river are brought in con-
flict with the interests of railroad companies,
and it is important that there should be legis-
• lation upon the subject of some character at
this session. When the bill is reached it will
take but a short time to dispose of it, and I
trust the Senate will make it a special order.
Mr. BORBMAN. Mr. President, I can see
no reason for making this bill a special order.
While it involves questions of very great im-
portance, yet they are comparatively local in
their character. There are numerous prop-
ositions here of national importance which
should take precedence of this bill. I did not
hear what the Senator from Pennsylvania said;
but I see no reason for making this bill aspecial
order, thereby givingitaprecedence over many
other propositions that are pending. I think
it ought to take its chances on the Calendar.
It involves questions of very great interest, I
know; but they are questions in which only
some two or three States are particularly con-
cerned, and nationally I apprehend it involves
no important question. I trust it will not be
made a special order.
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot imagine how
any question could be more national in its
importance than the commerce of the_ Ohio
river. The Senator from West Virginia for-
gets that the trade on that river now is equal
to all the foreign commerce of the country.
It is about being interfered with very much by
a corporation which is extending a railroad
across the river, affecMng the current and the
capacity of the river very much. It is there*
fore important that some action should be
taken upon this bill during this session ; and
unless it can be made a special order it is
hardly possible that it can be reached in the
short time allowed us before the termination
r of the session. It is not a question for Penn-
i' sylvania alone, but it is a question in which
West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, Mis-
sissippi, Louisiana, and a number of other
States, are interested y so much so as to make
it really a national question. The coal trade
of the Ohio river alone is equal perhaps to one
twentieth part of'all the foreign commerce of
the country, and the various other interests are
so great as to make"almost every portion of'the
country interested in the commerce of this
great river. I trust there will be no objection
to making a bill for the protection of that com-
merce a special order. Any early day will
answer. It cannot take more than an hour or
two, I think, to dispose of the bill when it is
once reached.
Mr. SCOTT. I' do not mean to consume
any time on this resolution, and I assumed
when 1 was up before that the Senate were
acquainted with the merits-of the bill which it
is proposed to make a special order; but I
doubt very much now whether many Senators
have looked at the merits of the question, and
1 wish to call attention for a moment 
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 suggest to my friend
that it is not proper to discuss tlje merits of
the bill on the motion to make it a special
order; and inasmuch as it is quite important
to have the Senate decide whether we shall
adopt some more expeditious method of acting
on appropriation bills, I wish the Senator would
let this matter pass over for to day.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Vermont
has so industriously inculcated on all of us the
necessity of going through with the Calendar
as we reach it that I trust he will not object
to our disposing of this resolution now that it
is reached on the Calendar, and will not ask us
to pass it over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Part of the regular order
is to pass a thing over ; but I will not take the
Senator from his feet by that motion.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 wish the Senate to under-
stand before the vote is taken that this is a bill
which brings in conflict the rights of railroad
companies to cross the Ohio river with their
bridges and those who are interested in having
the natural channel of that river unobstructed
as far as possible. A bill was passed in 1802 which
authorized bridges of the span of three hundred •
feet. Bridges have been built of that span,
and others are now in process of construction.
Those who are engaged in commerce on the
Ohio river, particularly those engaged in trade
at Pittsburg, have, during the last year or two,
lost more in the value of their property in con-
sequence of these obstructions than it will cost
to alter these bridges  
Mr. BOREMAN. I inquire of the Chair if
it i3 in order to discuss the merits of this prop-
osition on this resolution.
Mr. SCOTT. I am calling the attention of
the Senate to what is before them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
make the bill a special order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order to take the sense
of the Senate as to whether they wish to con-
sider this matter at length this morning I move
to pass over the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in "order, and has priority, even, if a Senator is
on the floor. The debate on a proposition to
make a bill a special order has always been
limited, the Chair is advised, to the considera-
tion of the question of whether ihe bill should
be taken up anterior to other bills, and has not
been allowed to extend to a general discussion
of the entire merits ot the bill. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont,
that the resolution be passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
steamship like to mexico.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
report the next resolution.
The Chief Cleuk. Thenextisa resolution
submitted by Mr. Kellosg, to place Senate bill
No. 683, authorizing mail steamship service
in the Gulf of Mexico, between the port of New
Orleans and certain ports of the republic of
Mexico, upon the Calendar of special orders.
I move to pass %at over.
T will ask that it be"Dassed
The resolution
Mr. EDMUNDS.
Mr. KELLOGG.
over myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT.
will be passed over.
# CORLISS STEAM-ENGINE COMPANi".
The next resolution on the Calendar was the'
following, submitted by Mr. Spencer on the Mft
of June:  
Resolved, That the Committeo on:Na.val Affairs,
to which has been referred the reply j>f the Secre-
tary of the Niivy to the resolution of the Senate of
February 18. asking information relative to a settle-
ment made by theHavy,Uepartrp«ntwiththe Corliss
Steam-EngineCoinpapy, bo instructed to investigate
the particular^ rif sn«lf settlement, and to rci>ortwhat
action, if any, ought to betaken on the subject; and
that said committee have power to send for persons
and papers, and to examine'witnesses on oath.
Mr. SPENCER. Let that be passed over
this mottling.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be passed over.
BUSINESS 06' COMMERCE COMMITTEE.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
following, submitted by Mr. Chandler on the
3d of June :
Resolved, That Tuesday next be set apart for the
consideration of bills reported from the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Pass that over.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope to-morrow will
he given to the Committee on Commerce. 1
ask that the question be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to pass the resolution over.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator from
Michigan call up the railroad bill, so that we
can have the question settled about the rail-
road ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will call that up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 have moved to pass
over the resolution.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Vermont has made a motion, which is nol
debatable.
Mr. NYE. I am not going to debate, but I
simply want to state that quite an important
committee of the Senate, the Committee on
Territories, has reported here a very important
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The statement
of the Senator from Nevada is in the nature
of debate.
Mr. NYE.. I hope a day will not be assigned
for any other committee. The Committee on
Commerce have had three or four days already.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to pass over the resolution.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 19.
Mr. CHANDLER. I give notice that I shall
to-morrow call up the bills of the Committee
on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
remains on the Calendar, and the Secretary
will report the next resolution.
apportionment of representatives.
The next resolution on the Calendar was
that submitted by Mr. Trumbull on the 3d of
June, to place the bill (II. 11. No. 1823) to
provide for the apportionment of Representa-
tives to Congress among the several States,
upon the Calendar of special orders for Wednes-
day next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That motion is to make
the bill a special order for Wednesday. I
should like to inquire of the Chair what posi-
tion the bill will .occupy if the motion shall
prevail ? Will it come in behind the special
orders—oftherailroad billand others ; or, if it
is made a special order for a particular day,
can I then call it up ? • ...
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair will
state that the language of the rale m regai a
to special orders is somewhat vague; but the
Chair is of opinion that the bill must take its
! place according to the date at which it is
