1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1295
be instructed to transmit for the information of the
llonsc tlie report of Indian Superintendent A. B.
Jie.'.eham upon Indian affairs in Oregon, dated Jan-
uary -U is *
I1IGI1TS OF CITIZENS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for the purpose of reference, a
hill to enforce the right of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of
this I'nion who have hitherto been denied that
ri?lit on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the regu-
lar order of business.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the gentleman
will permit us to have a morning hour. There
is a great deal of business before the commit-
tees.
Mr. DAWES. The trouble about the morn-
ing hour is that it is blocked up.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We can open it shortly.
Mr. DAWES. If the morning hour could
be devoted to business I would not press my
motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will demand the
regular order.
Mr. DAWES. The regular order will be the
continuation of the debate on the resolution
reported by the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well, the debate has to
come some time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We ought to have
a morning hour and dispose of anything which
stands in the way of reports from committees.
If we do not the committees will never have an
opportunity to discharge their business.
Mr. DAWES. If there could be a general
understanding that the morning hour should
be devoted to business I would not press my
motion. I understand that the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Orth,] who has the floor, is not
able to be here to-day to address the House,
aud if the morning hour can be devoted to
business I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I shall insist that
it must be devoted to business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
condition of business. In the morning hour
there is a resolution pending reported by the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swann] from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, upon which
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth] is
entitled to the floor. The Chair has received
a note from him stating that he will be unable
to be present on account of illness. It is not
in the competency of the Chair to order any
other disposition of the morning hour than
that which the rules provide.
Mr. DAWES. Let it be by general con-
Bent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let us pass the reso-
lution or reject it.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that by general
consent the pending business of the morning
hour can be postponed until to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. If that should be done,
and any other committee should be allowed to
report, and at the end of this morning hour
there should be unfinished business, as there
likely would be, it would bring up a very sin-
gular conflict for the Chair to decide to-morrow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I shall insist
upon the regular order.
Mr. DAWES. Would it not be better for
vruto '"s'st uPon going into Committee of the
"hole upon the appropriation bill?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I have been
instructed by the Committee of Elections to
call u|i the New York contested-election case
°t * an \\ yck vs. Greene.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will leave it to the
Uouse to decide between the Committee of
Elections and the Committee on Appropria-
I understand very well the importance
of the business of the Committee of Elections,
and the House understands that of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. I am very anxious
to go on with the appropriation bill.
Mr. SWANN. The resolution of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs has been before the
House for some time, aud I shall insist upon
the regular order. There is no business
which lias occupied the attention of this House
which I consider of more importance at this
time than the proposition submitted by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. The hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] has occupied the attention of this
House for many days upon the subject with
which he is charged. I have voted with him.
I am under obligations to him for the bold
and manly stand that he has taken to reduce
the expenses of this Government; aud I am
very happy to be able to say to him that I
have voted with him upon all occasions where
there has been any doubt in my mind in regard
to the amendments which have been submitted
to the appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I object to it.
Mr. DAWES. Is the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Swank] aware that the gentleman
entitled to the floor upon his resolution [Mr.
Orth] is unwell, and not able to be here?
Mr. SWANN. Yes, sir; but there are other
gentlemen who are prepared to go on with the
debate.
Mr. DAWES. I will move that the House
now go into Committee of the Whole on the
legislative appropriation bill; and if, as be-
tween the Committee of Elections and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, the House shall
think that the Committee on Appropriations
shall give way, then members can so vote.
The SPEAKER. The regular order has
been called for. It is competent for the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] at
any time, except during the morning hour of
Monday, to move to suspend the rules for the
purpose of going into Committee of the Whole
upon the appropriation bill, and that motion
will be decided by a majority vote. The regu-
lar order now is the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that the rules
be suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the appropriation
bill.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 54, noes 45; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Swann were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 69, noes 55.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH said: I call for theyeas
and nays.
Mr. COX. Yes ; let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want the morning
hour for reports from committees.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were twenty-one in
the affirmative ; not one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were twenty-eight in the affirm-
ative.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of a quorum) tellers were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The vote for tellers being
sufficient to order the yeas and nays, the Chair
will regard it as ordering the yeas and nays
if no objection be made.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw the motion
to go into Committee of the Whole rather than
take up the time of the House by having the
yeas and nays taken upon it.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] having
been withdrawn, the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Butler] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Butler] to for-
bear pressing the business in his charge until
we can dispose of the matter now before the
House during the morning hour. We want to
get business in such a shape that we may have
the morning hour for reports of committees.
That is our object.
Mr. DAWES. As between the morning
hour and the business of the Committee on
Appropriations, I should insist on iny motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole; but
rather than contend with the Committee of
Elections I have withdrawn the motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Speaker,
we must dispose of the matter now pending in
the morning hour if we are ever to have any
reports of committees.
Mr. COX. Did not the Chair recognize me
as entitled to the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Butler] has been recognized.
The Chair will state the position of this matter.
He was notified this morning by two gentle-
men, both of whom seek to bring up privileged
business, that they desired the floor for that
purpose. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] signified his wish by rising and
claiming the attention of the Chair; and the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Butler] had
previously informed the Chair that he had been
instructed by the Committee of Elections to
call up the contested-election case of Van
Wyck vs. Greene. The Chair is bound to rec-
ognize gentlemen who seek the floor to make
privileged motions. The Chair having recog-
nized the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] and he havingwithdrawn his motion,
the next duty of the Chair was to recognize the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I have but one
word to say. I do not propose to make any
more speeches on this resolution relative to
the imprisonment of Irish-American citizens.
Other members wish to speak on it, and I am
unwilling to occupy time; but I would like
to place on record a statement of facts perti-
nent to the resolution. I ask the permission
of the House to print in the Globe this state-
ment of facts in connection with the sufferings
of these prisoners.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object.
Mr. COX. I hope my colleague will with-
draw his. objection.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. My colleague
can make so good a speech that I thiuk he
ought not to print a speech without deliver-
ingit.
Mr. COX. What I desire to print is a simple
statement of facts, which I do not propose to
elaborate by any rhetoric, and which 1 think
may obviate the necessity of passing a reso-
lution in order to elicit these facts from the
Executive. I do not expect to say anything
on this subject hereafter.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I think the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swann] should
be satisfied with getting a vote upon his res-
olution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. If a vote be taken on the
resolution it will open the morning hour for the
business of the committees. I ask the gentle-
man from Maryland whether he will not be
content to have his resolution taken up and
voted upon ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is desirous of
bringing the various conflicting matters of busi-
ness to an understanding. It is now proposed
that the gentleman from Maryland shall call
the previous question upon his resolution so
that other business of the morning hour may
go on.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. SWANN. I have felt disposed to await,
before calling for a vote on this questiou, the
presence of the chairman of the Committee on
