5072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too
late to amend it now. The Senator can make
a new motion.
Mr. CASSERLY. Every gentleman about
me will bear testimony that before the motion
was put by the Chair I exerted myself to the
utmost power of my lungs so as to be able to
address the Chair on the subject of that mo-
tion. My purpose was to offer an amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
assent of the Senate the Chair will consider the
question as still open and will put it over again.
A dozen Senators were addressing the Chair at
the time, and it was impossible for the Chair
to recognize them all. Is it the wish of the
Senator from California that the question shall
be put over again on the motion of the Senator
from Arkansas?
Mr. CASSERLY. Undoubtedly. I wish to
offer an amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the Chair will consider the ques-
tion as open. The motion is, that at half past
four o'clock to day the Senate take a recess
until half past seven o'clock, for the purpose
of considering the Oriental steam navigation
bill to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. And the Massachusetts bill
after that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. And after
that the Massachusetts bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to amend the
motion by proposing to consider the Australian
steamship bill before the Oriental steamship
bill. I think that is fully as much entitled to
lie disposed of, as a preferred question, as any
bill of that kind which is before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to suggest to the hon-
orable Senator that it makes very little differ-
ence which of the two bills is considered first;
the discussion can go on upon either. I am in
favor of both bills.
Mr. SUMNER. It is the same question.
Mr. COLE. I hope the amendment moved
by my colleague may be adopted.
The PRESlDENTjwo tempore. The Senator
from California moves to amend the motion
by providing that the Australian steamship bill
shall be first considered to-night.
Mr. McDONALI). I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. ABBOTT. I see no necessity for that.
Nobody is opposing the Australian bill that I
know of; but the other bill is entitled to pre-
cedence ; it has been struggling for a chance
for three or four weeks. If the Senator from
California will just consent to let his bill come
in after the Massachusetts bill nobody will
make any objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. As so many Senators
seem to desire it, I consent that the Australian
steamship bill may follow the Oriental steam-
ship bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I observe that the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance is not in his
seat, and I conceive it to be my duty to say, in
view of his action in reference to the tax bill,
that the committee cannot, consent to have that
bill superseded by any other business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is the
understanding and the consent of the mover
of this motion; but to make it certain and to
have the record correct 1 shall move a pro-
viso, "provided the tax bill shall have been
completed."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California modifies his amendment
by providing that the Australian steamship bill
shall be considered next after the Oriental
navigation bill and before the Massachusetts
claims bill.
Mr. SUMNER. That I object to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from California that I am favorable to
both these steamship bills; and I think if they
were not both reported from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads one was, and
the other was considered by that committee,
and then I think referred to the Committee oil
Claims. I have committed myself to them
both, and I shall vote for them whenever they
come up here in the Senate, because I believe
considerations of high public importance will
justify them ; but I ask the Senator not to rush
one of them in here against the wishes of those
who have stood by it from first to last.
Mr. ABBOTT. The Senator from Califor-
nia consents to let his bill come in next after
the Massachusetts bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well; then I have no
objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from California make that modifica-
tion of his motion?
Mr. ABBOTT. He does.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
prefers to hear it from the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. CASSERLY. The misfortune of the
Australian bill seems to be that in the multi-
tude of its friends there is no concord of opin-
ion. My proposition was to put that bill first,
but there was objection to that. Then I con-
sented to put it second. Now I understand
there is a difficulty as to that, and the propo-
sition is to put it last; but it is very obvious
that to put a bill of that kind last for to-night
is simply to defer it altogether so far as to-night
is concerned. The two bills are to some ex-
tent similar in the object 
Mr. ABBOTT. I beg the Senator's pardon;
I understood him to agree to the proposition.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator has nothing
to apologize to me for; he acted in the best
faith, of course.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia to allow me to make a suggestion; in the
right spirit, certainly. I have stated to the
Senator that I am friendly to his bill, and he
will find me so by my vote when it conies up ;
but I ask himnottoput the Australian bill 
Mr. POMEROY. There is the China bill,
and also the bill for a line to the west coast of
South America, which ought to be considered.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a bill for a line of
steamers along the west coast of South America.
There are just three steamship bills that I
favor from commercial and national consider-
ations. Bat I do not want the Senator to dis-
affect the friends of that bill by now seeking
to place it at the head of another in which we
feel more interest, and the only bill in which
the State I represent has any interest what-
ever. I ask the Senator, then, to let his bill
come in after the others, but. not to insert it
immediately after the bill of the Senator from
Arkansas.
Mr. CASSERLY. I regret very much that
considering how many friends the Australian
steamship bill has there is such a determina-
tion to put it at the foot of the list for to-night,
for of course that would only have one result;
but it is in vain for me to contend against the
opposition of so many influential Senators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator withdraw his motion?
Mr. CASSERLY. I consent that that bill
may go at the foot of the list for to-night.
Mr. WARNER. Is it the understanding
that the tax bill is first to bo finished?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That is the
proviso which the Senator from Vermont has
moved to the resolution, which has not yet
passed.
Mr. WARNER. I feel bound to insist, with
my colleagues of the Committee on Finance,
that it shall be the understanding that the tax
bill shall first be finished.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is, that at half past four o'clock to-day the
Senate will take a recess until half past seven
o'clock, for the purpose of considering at the
evening session first the Oriental steam navi-
gation bill; second, the Massachusetts claim
bill; and third, the Australian steamship bill,
provided the tax bill be first finished.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on a division on
that motion. With all the bills that we have
before us, pension bills and others, which it is
impossible for me to get the floor to call up, I
do not think it is right to set apart the whole
evening for these other claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say one word.
Is it possible that with all the important gen-
eral business on our tables we are to come here
at night, in this sweltering weather, to consider
this Massachusetts claim, which has been peud-
ing for the last fifteen years or more ?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I would
as soon take up the bill in regard to the French
spoliation claims.
Mr. SUMNER. That ought to be taken up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to coming here
at night for that business. I am willing to
come at night to transact the important busi-
ness that we have before us.
Mr. ITAMLIN. I suggest that we can sub-
stitute for that some bill that will interest Illi-
nois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You have not got any
special bill for Illinois. Illinois asks lor no
special legislation. She only asks tha't you
pass general laws for the good of the whole
country. She never comes here with any special
bills.
Mr. HAMLIN. We will see what is done
to-day, and we will see whether that is true or
not.
The PRESIDENTjwoiempore. Upon this
question a division is demanded.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 33, noes 8.
UNITED STATUS COURTS IN OHIO.
The bill (IT. R. No. 2351) to change the
times of holding the circuit and district courts
of the United States in the northern district
of Ohio was read twice by its title.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that that bill may
be put upon its passage. It merely changes
the time of holding the district courts in the
northern district of Ohio at the request of the
district judge and upon the petition of the en-
tire bar of Cleveland. There is no objection
to it at all from anybody.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider this bill at the present
time. Is there objection? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to it until I can
hear it reported, so that I may know what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be reported for intormation.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It provides
that instead of the times now fixed by law the
circuit and district courts of the United States
for the northern district of Ohio shall hereafter
be held at Cleveland on the first Tuesday in
the months of January, April, and October in
each year; andall recognizances, indictments,
or other proceedings, civil and criminal, now
pending m either of those courts are to be
entered and have day in court, and be heard
and tried according to the times of holding
the courts herein provided.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. None at all, so far as I
am concerned.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CONSTRUCTION OP PENSION ACTS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up the motion to
reconsider the vote on the passage of the bill
restoring to widows certain pensions which
had been taken from them by a construction
of an act of Congress at the Pension Office.
The motion to reconsider was made some time
