4128
Tgl (xLOSP.
June 6,
assigned, a special order. Although, it be fixed
for Wednesday, priority will be given to those
bills that were previously assigned; but under
the new rule they can be passed oyer by a
majority of the Senate-
Mr. TliUMBULL. Tbatbeingso, as the Sen-
ate has made the railroad bill a special ord^:, in
preference to considering the apportionment
bill, I see nothing to be gained by adopting this
resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the resolution
be passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
amendments to appropriation bills.
The next resolution on the Calendar was
the following, reported by Mr. Edmunds, from
the select Committee on the Revision of the
Kules, on the 4th instant:
Resolved, That the thirtieth rule of the Senato be
amended j>y adding thereto the following: "
And no amendment herein authorized, unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some exist-
ing law. or some act or resolution previously passed
t)y the Senate during that session," shall be received
or adopted without a two-thirds vote; and the ques-
tion on receiving such amendment for consideration
shall be decided without debate. .
And no amendment to any such bill mailing legis-
lative provisions other than such as directly relate
to the appropriations contained in the bill, shall be
received or adopted without a two-thirds vote._
And any pending amendment to an appropriation
bill may bo laid on the table without aifeeting the
bill.
it shall bo in order at any time, when an appro-
priation bill is under consideration, by a two-thirds
vote, to order the termination of debato at a time
fixed, in respect to any item or amendment thereof
thon under consideration; which order shall be acted
upon without debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will only occupy one
or two minutes of the Senate's lime in explain-
ing the change that (his resolution makes in
the rule, and the benefit for the whole business
of the Senate which the Committee on Rules
think it would accomplish.
As the thirtieth rule now stands amendments
to appropriation bills may be made to increase
appropriations, although there is no law pro-
viding for such service as the appropriation is
mn.de for, provided they are reported by a com-
mittee; so that items of appropriation can be
carried into appropriation bills which have
never been considered as separate subjects of
legislation, and where the grant of the money
carries the authority for its expenditure. That
of course is contrary to the theory of an appro-
priation bill. The true and safe theory of
legislation is to have one law which shall estab-
lish an office or a duty, and another law in
an appropriation bill which shall provide the
money from time to time to carry it on. That
we all understand, and that is why appropria-
tion bills are kept separate.
This addition to the rule provides that in
cases of that character, where additional items
of appropriation are offered from committees,
or otherwise, which are not to carry into effect
existing laws or treaties, it shall require a vote
of two thirds instead of a mere majority of the
Senate to receive and adopt such amendments.
That 13 the first provision.
Now 1 come to the next provision. By the
existing rule, any general legislative provision,
no matter whether it be germane to the bill or
not, may be put upon an appropriation bill,
even without the report of a committee, be-
cause the existing limitation is only as to items
of appropriation ; so that upon the motion of
anybody, without the consideration of any com-
mittee, if the temper of the Senate happens to
be favorable, any amountof general legislation
may be put upon an appropriation bill. All of
us know that that sometimes works very serious
inconvenience and injury to {he country, and
is a dangerous method of legislation, livery
Senator in his turn has complained of it. Now
we propose to limit that so as to require that
species of general legislation which does not
relate to the appropriations contained in the
bill to be received and acted upon, in the way
of agreeing to the amendment, by two thirds,
making a little check.
.Then the next provision is,.which the pres-
ent. rule does not .contain, that we may lay
upon the table an amendment to" au appropria-
tion bill which the Senate does not wish to con-
sider at all and regards as too objectionable to
be debated, without affecting the bill. We all
know that a motion to lay on the table must
be decided without debate, so that if the Senate
wish to get rid of an amendment and vote upon
it adversely at once, to lay it aside and go on
with the bill, they will have the power to do
so without carrying the bill also on the table,
as under existing rules would be the effect of
laying an amendment on the table.
Then we provide a further provision, which
is new to the Senate, it is true, but which our
large numbers and increasing numbers seem
to make necessary, that at any time by an order
of two thirds of the Senate, without debate, it
may be determined that a particular amend-
ment or item which is then pending shall be
voted upon without further debate ; that is to
say, debate may be terminated upon any one
point that is then under consideration if two
thirds of the Senate think it has been "talked
to death," as is generally the case here. Al-
though that is an innovation here, the large
number of the Senate and the extensive and
manifold items and amendments to appropria-
tion bills, led us to think that the Senate would
not deem that it was trenching too much upon
the privilege of debate to provide that two
thirds might close debate upon one item—not
upon the general subject of the bill, which is
left open, but that on any one specific item two
thirds might require the vote to be taken upon
it at any time when they thought it ought to be
taken.
We think that agreeing to these amendments
to the thirtieth rule will largely facilitate the
business of the Senate without impairing the
efficiency of fair debate and fair consideration
of the subject, and will enable us therefore to
save time for other legislation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the latter
part of this amendment to the thirtieth rule,
proposed by the Senator from Vermont, is
nothing more nor less than the introduction of
the previous question into the Senate, author-
izing the Senate by a two-thirds vote to close
debate at any time, and not, as the Senator
says, after debate shall have been exhausted
upon a particular subject. A Senator may
come in with an amendment to an appropria-
tion bill, and when he offers it, aS is done in
the other House every dav, move that the vote
be taken upon it without discussion ; and it puts
it in the power of two thirds of the Senate to
apply the previous question and prevent any
discussion whatever, or any explanation of any
amendment which, under the rule, can be
offered to an appropriation bill.
Now, for one, i am not willing to agree to
such a proposition as that. I think at least in
one House of Congress there should be some
opportunity to examine questions that are pre-
sented for consideration before votes are taken
upon them. We know that if this rule is
adopted it will bo used by a two thirds portion
of the Senate at any time to preventany debate
whatever. If it was to be applied as the Sen-
ator from Vermont seems to suppose it would
be, when debate was exhausted upon a partic-
ular item, that the Senate then by a two-thirds
vote could come to a conclusion, it would be a
different thing from what it is. But, sir, we
have never had during this session of Congress,
or during my experience in all previous sessions
of Congress since I have been here, with very
few exceptions, anything like dilatory proceed-
ings in the Senate. The cases where there has
been a disposition to talk against time in this
body have been very few in number. Such a
thing has scarcely ever been done. Senators
act fairly and honorably, and we have had no
difficulty in the Senate (when a question has
been fairly discussed, when the debate is through
on the part of Senators who desired to address
the Senate on the matter under consideration)
in coming to an understanding to take a vote
at a proper time. We have done it probably
half a dozen times during this session. We
can do it at any time. I would rather trust to
the honor of Senators to close a debate by an
agreement among themselves than to put it into
the power of a two-thirds majority to adopt here
the gag system, and thus have it adopted in
both Houses of Congress. That is what this
proposed rule amounts to.
As to the other provisions of the amended
rule, I have no objection to them. I think they
would facilitate business. I am entirely willing
to agree, and think it would be well if we
should limit to somo extent the character of
amendments that are offered to appropriation
bills. There is a manifest impropriety in putting
general legislation upon the appropriation bills;
and I think it is proper that the question on
receiving an amendment for consideration
should be decided without debate. That does
not dispose of it; but the question is, whether
the amendment shall be received upon an
appropriation bill. If an amendment is offered
that is not "to carry out the provisions of some
existing law or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that ses-
sion," and any one thinks proper to raise the
question whether it shall be received or not,
1 think it would be well to decide that question
without debate and allow us to proceed with
the appropriation bill. I think it would also
be well to adopt the other part of this rule:
And no amendment to any such bill making legis-
lative provisions, other than such as directly relate
to the appropriations contained in the bill, shall be
received or adopted without a two-thirds vote.
1 can see a propriety in that, because it is
now iu the power of any Senator to move gen-
eral legislation upon the appropriation bills,
and there certainly is an impropriety in doing
that. The Senate is not prepared for it. We
have an appropriation bill under consideration,
and the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations and the members of the committee
are supposed to be familiar with that appro-
priation bill. They are not prepared to meet
the questions of general legislation which may
be suddenly thrust upon the bill while it is
under consideration. Therefore, so far as my
vote is concerned, I am willing to agree to that
portion of the new rule, and also to this other
part:
And any pending amendment of an appropriation
bill may be laid on the table without affecting the
bill.
I ask my friend from Vermont if that is not
sufficient? Will not that prevent any consid-
erable delay by improper amendments without
this other part of the resolution proposing to
adopt the previous question in this body? By
this last proposition we can get rid of any
amendment that is offered by moving to lay it
on the table. That will dispose of it.
Mr. HOWE. We may want to pass it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If you want to pass it,
does the Senator want to pass it without any
consideration whatever, oris he willing to agree-
to a rule that shall allow it to be passed with-
out consideration ?
Mr. HOWE. There is just as much of a
gag in the preceding clause as in the last. The
gag in the first answers in one case, and in the
last in another; that is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The laying of a prop-
osition upon the table is not a final disposi-
tion of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is as to that amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is as to the amendment
at that time to that particular bill: but when
you come in with a proposition here and get
two thirds of the Senate behind you, and move
to place it upon the bill without debate, you
make it a law. so far as the Senate is concerned.
It is a very different thing adopting a pro-
vision without debate which shall be a law of
the land, to operate upon all the people of this
country, without any consideration whatever,
from what it is to refuse to consider a matter.
