3184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
result of such examination shall be reported to
the President and to the Senate.
Mr. JENCKES. Shall we attempt to im-
prove the character of our civil service ? That
is the question which this bill proposes in part
to answer. Its present condition every one is
aware of; and its inefficiency is not the fault,
perhaps, of the persons who form that civil
service, and of those who use it, but arises
from the defects in the system itself. We hear
every day of defalcations, of irregularities, of
inefficiencies, by which the Government loses
large amounts of money. This has gone on
for many years. At times the evil seems to
be less than at others, and occasionally it breaks
out with great aggravations, showing that it
constantly exists. Shall we attempt to reform
these evils? The people have been waiting
for many years to have some proposition of
this kind enacted into a law or carried out by
the executive department. None save this
has been presented. This measure has now
been substantially before Congress and the
country for four years. It has met from time
to time with objections in this House and else-
where, but no one has presented any other
plan. If we really intend to do anything to
improve the character of our civil service some
system should be adopted; and if none better
is proposed, I still think we should make ex-
periment with this. This measure has been
discussed so often, and so much at length be-
fote the House and country, that I shall not
consume the time of the House this morning
iurtl-er than to explain the principles and
details of the bill in such a general way that
they may be understood. I shall not go into
tiny discussion of the condition of the service,
or into any of the reasons outside of what
appears on the face of the bill for the proposed
change. I shall assume that there are evils to
be corrected. If gentlemen say that there are
not, I should like to hear them attempt to
establish the proposition that the civil service
as it now stands is of a perfect character-
The scope of this bill includes the minor
offices of the Government, those which are
called in the Constitution the inferior offices.
It does not deal with those who are.to be con-
firmed by the Senate or with the postmasters.
It deals with a low.er grade entirely, those who
are appointed by the heads of Departments.
They are the eyes and ears and hands of the
Government, through whom and by whom it
collects all its revenue, through whom and by
whom all the business of the Government is
carried on, and if that portion of the service is
healthy it is impossible the rest of it shall be
unsound. If those persons are employed for
their qualifications and hold their offices by vir-
tue of such qualifications they cannot become
the tools of those who would rob or swindle the
Government or would demoralize the service
for their own private benefit. For the purpose
of securing a better quality of men in these
offices this bill proposes that under the author-
ity of the President of the United States three
commissioners shall stand at the doorway of
each Department to ascertain who shall enter
the_ public service, and determine the qualifi-
cations of those persons, the term of probation
during which they shall serve before they re-
ceive a regular appointment, what their duties
shall be, what misconduct or offenses shall be
sufficient to justify their removal and for which
they shall be removed, thus securing a better
quality of men at the outset and raising the tone
of the service throughout.
Now, I wish the House to understand, in the
first place, that although three commissioners
are to beappointed, yet in fact there is no crea-
tion of new officers, as they are to take the
place of some thirty officers now existing, and
that the expense of this commission, about
thirty thousand dollars a year, will be less than
one third—yes, less than one fifth of the money
which is now paid for performing similar ser-
vices without efficiency. There are now appoint-
ment clerks in all the Departments and in all
the great post offices and custom-houseswhose
united salaries amount to five times much
as the expenses of this commission, and all
these will be dispensed with if this bill becomes
a law.
The first quality which these commissioners
will exclude from the public service will be
ignorance and incapacity. There are officers
; who are ignorant and incapable in the public
service. There should not be and there need
! not be any. This examination and inquiry
: into character will necessarily exclude all these
ignorant and incapable men; and if there were
, no other benefit, if appointments should still
be made as they are now, by the heads of De-
partments for political and personal favor, yet it
< were well to see that none are the subjects of
that favor who are thus disqualified to perform
the duties to which they shall be assigned. For
that alone, if for no other purpose, this commis-
sion would be worth more than it will cost.
But there are in the service also persons
who are dishonest, who have been kept in by
favor, and who should not be there, who should
be excluded ; and the second provision of this
bill prescribing the duties of these- commis-
sioners is to see that no rogue or thief remains
in the public service. This evil can be ascer-
tained and prevented. It is no new problem.
In other countries where a system like this has
been in force we seldom, if ever, hear of any
defalcations or of any pilfering from the public
treasury. In the little community of Belgium,
which has had a separate existence for thirty-
eight years, and where a system similar to this
has been in force, there has been but one in-
stance of peculation during all that period,
because of the scrutiny which is applied to
officers when admitted and the constant in-
spection which is kept over them while they
are in the service*,, It seems to me, therefore,
to be so clear as to need no further explana-
tion or argument that these two things can be
attained: first, the admission of none but quali-
fied persons into the service; and second, the
exclusion of all dishonest persons. I need
not tell the House how many millions of dol-
lars it would save this Government every year.
They know it; tfyey have read it in the reports
from the heads of Departments, and in the
reports of committees of this House. They
read of it every day in the public papers.
I need not tell the House how much would
be saved in another way by having efficient
officers. When I stated to the House in the
Fortieth Congress that a system of this kind
would secure an increase of revenue to this
Government over expenditures of $100,000,-
000, I placed it at least $50,000,000 below the
mark. By simply raising the tone of the public
service, without altering thesystem of appoint-
ment, this Gov-ernment now saves $100,000,000
a year mora than it did under a former Admin-
istration, and is enabled to pay its debt at the
rate of $100,000,000 annually, and still the
same causes that caused the deficiency in those
days remain in force now. I think I place it
far within the mark when I assure this House
that if we had fidelity and intelligence in every
branch of the public service we should raise at
least $50,000,000 a year more than we do now.
We should raise more than the Committee of
Ways and Means propose to reduce from tax-
ation by tariff and internal revenue. Is not
this a consummation to be desir«d? Is it not,
even if not accomplished in full but only in
part, something that ought to be attempted?
But it may be asked, what are your means of
doing this? This is a great country; it has
a great army of public officers. How can you
reach every one of these ? I answer by a simple
and, as it seems to me, most effective machinery
that has been devised for this purpose. It
is proposed to establish an independent com-
mission, responsible to the President alone,
reporting every year to Congress. They are
authorized to employ examiners in all parts of
the United States. They prescribe the quali-
fications ; they put down m writing the ques-
tions to be submitted to every candidate for
office. They are propounded to the candi-
datesforofficebythese examiners, whereverthe
candidates may be." The answers are sent back
here with the report of these examiners. Now,
from that preliminary examination we will cer-
tainly obtain one thing—a knowledge of the
degree of intelligence and learning of each
candidate. That is one great point that will
be gained.
Then, iu the next place, through these ex-
aminations in different parts of the country,
we ascertain the other essentials that are re-
quired—health, profession, character, stand-
ing, and business qualifications of each can-
didate—and thus are enabled to form some
idea of what he is before he enters the public
service. But his place is not secure then. He
j is put into a great custom-house, post office, or
Department, with a chief who will have his eye
upon him all the time. And if there are defi-
ciencies in respects that were not discovered in
the preliminary examinations they can then be
detected. He is there on his good behavior.
Those under whose eyes lie renders service will
see if there are deficiencies in his other quali-
fications which may render him an unsuitable
person to remain in the public service.
Is not this done in every counting-room in
the land, wherever men who attend to the
management of their own business employ men
to assist them to carry it on? Is there any
place in this country or in the world where
persons who are in the employment of another
are not subject to scrutiny ? And why should
not those in the employment of the Govern-
ment be subject to the same scrutiny? Why
have not the people the right to obtain the
best talent and most efficient services for the
money they pay for that purpose? Who will
deny that the people have the right, in the
employment of these minor servants or offi-
cers, to obtain the most suitable persons to
perform those duties ? That is a right which
belongs to them, and which they should be
provided with the means of exercising.
In the second place, the people have the
right to have all the ignorant and incapable,
the thievish and dishonest excluded from their
employment. That is all that is proposed by
this bill, and it is secured without any addi-
tional expenditure. I have compared the ex-
penditures which will be required by this bill
with that now almost wasted upou these ap-
pointment clerks. There is a provision in this
bill that a fee shall be paid by each applicant
for examination, which will more than meet
the expenses of the commission. We have
thus devised a scheme by which, without addi-
tional expense to the Government, we can
obtain an approximation to these two bene-
ficial results which I have stated. Now, in
order that this system shall work harmoni-
ously, it is necessary that it shall be put into
operation without any shock or sudden change.
This bill, therefore, does not propose to alter
the relations of the existing officers with the
heads of their Departments; but it applies to
such only as shall hereafter be appointed. This
country will be divided into districts for the
purpose of selecting candidates, and no pre-
cedence or priority is to be given to one dis-
trict or one part of the country over another.
The doors are to be equally open to all, and a
certain number of persons are to be selected
by this machinery from the whole people. The
candidates are to be permitted to come forward
freely.
The result will be that the supply will be pro-
portioned to the demand. A Government, like
a corporation or an individual, should be at
liberty to go into the opon labor market of the
country and select the best; not by favoritism,
by political or personal favor, or by locality, but
from the whole mass of the people. It may be
said that this is to some extent done now. \Ve
have endeavored to ascertain the truth in the
matter by examinations of heads of Depart-
ments, and examinations of leading officers of
