282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Ho. of Reps.
International Coinage—Mr. Kelley.
41st Cong.,.. 2d Sess.
States House of Representatives, as illustratedfurther
in a memorandum published by E. B. Elliott, esq.,
of the Treasury Department, contemplates interna-
tional coins on the metrical basis of auni.t of weight,
the gram. A perfect identity of coinage among
allnations is impossible, and the only endthatcan be
reachcd is that all should bring their coinage into
simple relations with this unit of weight. If Eng-
land and France would alter their coin but very lit-
tle these simple relations would obtain: $20=100
francs—£4 sterling=S German Union crowna=5 Rus-
sian half imperials=30 grams of fine gold. At
present—
$2(>=~30.0932 grams of fine gold.
100 francs=29.032258 grams of fino gold.
£4 sterling=29.29 grams of fine gold.
5 half imperials^O grams of fin© gold.
3 Union erowns*=30 grams of fine gold.
"Under this act all coins of gold and silver should
be nine tenths fine. The silver dollar=22.5 grams
fine, to be legal tender in payments not above $10,
and would be exactly equal to the French five-franc
silver piece, the only actual legal coin of France.
England would have to increase the fine gold
of the sovereign from 7.3225 to 7.50 grams. There
seems to be no disposition as yet in Great Britain to
do this until the advantages of the new system are
established. All that is necessary, however, is a law
in the countries interested "permitting thecoinago
of at least one of the proposed pieces, and decreeing
their ready acceptation in the public banks, together
with the present coins. Still we think that the sim-
ple requirements of Mr. Kelley's bill would secure
the introduction of an international coinage in the
easiest and most practicable way possible.
M. Lison, whose pamphlet, with those of
Mr. Augspurg and Mr. Mosle, lie before me,
aftpr having pointed out .the very awkward
weights of French gold coins—the piece of one
hundred francs, weighing 32381 grams ; that of
fiity francs, 16^ grains; that of twenty francs,
grams, &c. ; M. L6on proceeds to say :
"All these weights are entirely inconsistent with
the conditions of the metrical system, and the pre-
tended gold franc, represented by a non-decimal
traction of the gram, Belongs no more to this sys-
tem than the florin, the thaler, the ruble, or the
dollar. Our present monetary system, therefore, is
extremely irregular, at least so far as concerns the
weight of the gold pieces, and it would bo highly
ri e&irable to have it gradually changed without effect-
ing any violent shock to the habits of the people;
so as to bring back the weight of all the coins to such
ligurcs as would conform to a decimal division, such
as, two grams, five grams, twenty grams."
Again, M. L6on says:
The solution of the problem depends entirely on
an understanding between the three great maritime
r-n • commercial nations, France, England, and the
United fetates. Should these three nations come to
an agreement to adopt the same unit of coinage all
other nations would accede withouthesitation to the
system, the basis of which would thus have been laid.
.Not alone Austria would hasten to accept it, but
even Prussia would take the same course, although
the latter is not accused of entertaining a very livelv
sympathy for us or for our ideas. No Power will
refuse its concurrence to atreatyfor an international
coinage signed by Franco, England, and the United
States.
"The cooperation of the United States might be
very easily effected.
"The gram of gold of the standard of nine tenths
fineness is worth very nearly sixty-one hundredths of
a dollar; if there be any difference it is less than a
centime of our money, which is so trifling that it may
be left out of view. Hence it follows that the gold
piece ot two grams will bo worth $1 20, the piece
01 five grams three dollars, the piece of ten grams
s,12; dollars. -*-*10 relation of the grams of gold to the
dollar is therefore still more simple than therelation
ot the gram of gold to the franc. In order to convert
into dollars any sum whatever the weight of which
18 given m gold grams it is sufficients multiply such
weight by 0.6, while to convert the same weight into
irancs it is necessary to multiply it by 3.10. Quite re-
cently am ember of Congress [Mr. Kelley] proposed
to coinpiecesot five grams, (three dollars.) Shouidhis
proposal be accepted Congress might at the same time
2Fi «Cf^ ij ^ce ^ skt<mp should be placed on
mh?J;^Sj?ol?.piecSsiLn^lca.ti?gtheirweightin grams.
Inis indication of the weight would call attention
to the new unit of measure, and in a few years would
accustom the population of the United States to
/vi, ^^aerently m gold grams or in dollars so
that the law which at a later period would be adopted,
declaring the gold gram the unit of coinage, would
nnd the country already prepared for it and no injury
mflictea on any interest whatever.
li we suffer ourselves to lose the honor of being
dnce this reform it will probably be
? w? States, and I have just said
X \w™}e 4lr?"mstanee3 for it are to be found
m that country. The A mericans are a young and
daring nation: they are not given to doubt, and shrink
from no difficulties, either great or small. Tn this
matter there is nothing to make them pause. By a
fair application of the metrical system to coinage
they would give a good example without incurring
any risk. Let hem go ahead faithful to their motto,
and our Old World will follow them."
While M. L6on was thus addressing the
French people Mr. Q-. D. Augspurg published
at Hamburg the fourth of a series of pamphlets,
this one being on "money systems and the in-
ternational coinage question," in which there
are four elaborate references to the state of
the coinage epiestiou in this country; in one
of which I find a more correct and succinct
history of the several propositions that have
been submitted to the Senate and House on the
subject than I have seen elsewhere. It is as
follows:
TT".Mr- Samuel Ruggles, the delegate of the
United States, was favorably disposed toward the
French proposition, and seems, as for himself, to
have become an enthusiast for it. To that end ho
shaped his report of November 7,1857, to the State
department and the chairman oftheSeDate Finance
Committee, at washington, Hon. John Sherman,
who held the same view, and who for this purpose,
on January 6,1868, introduced a bill into the Senate,
aeoording to which the future five-dollar coin should
ofnine tenths, and should be in weight
of 124 9-20 Troy grains, gold, in order to make tho
same agree with the franc system. Accordingly the
dollar was to be reduced from its present fineness
nearly 1.504- gram to that of the five-frane piece of
1.45t gram, gold. This bill in a somewhat different
torm was again presented June 8, 1868, and Mr.
Sherman based his proposition on the report agreed
on by the majority of the Finance Committee.
But the plan found no favor in the public mind,
as it deserved none. The minority of the Finance
t/Omimttee, on their part, through their associate,
senator Morgan, presented an opposite report, in
February, 1868, in which it was advised decidedly
against the proposed deterioration of the gold coin
ot more than three per cent. To this was joined the
opinion of the chief officers of the Mint of the Uni-
ted States, whero the advice was given that when
generally a change should be undertaken, especially
to take into consideration the Union with the Brit-
ish coinage system instead of with the French.
' All the above-named reports, opinions, and bills
were brought forward in the Senate of tho United
States uuring the session of 1868. At the same time
the subject was also taken up in the House of Repre-
sentatives. Hon. W. D. Kelley, chairman of the
standing Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, perceived with a clear view that at present the
execution of a universal system of coinage is possible
only on the basis of the metrical system of weights,
and on that founded his view of coinage reform in the
United States. July 21,1868, he introduced a bill
into the_ House of Representatives, asking to estab-
lish an international metrical coinage system. lie
proposed to reduce the future dollar to one and a
halt grams fine gold. During the session of 1868 this
bill also produced no immediate result.
. During the present year Senator Somnkr has also
joined the advocates of tha French system of coin-
age, and on April 2 introduced into the Senate a new
bill agreeing entirely with the former bill of Mr
bhekman. On the other hand it is to be expected
that Mr. Keli.ey will further urge his convictions,
and before the close of tho year present a bill once
more for that purpose.
"Mr. Elliott,of theTreasury Department, has pre-
pared a pamphlet on the metrical system of inter-
national coinage,which consists of afurthor elabor-
ation of the principles contained in Mr. Kelley's
bill, and which without doubt will be laid before
Congress. Thoy clearly perceived that all the above-
mentioned conditionsfor an international system of
S'WSSe prepared on the metrical basis are already
ininlled by the German gold crown, and therefore
the German coinage system is placed in opposition
to the French as being better. The basis of the future
international coinage would therefore be a gold coin,
whi ch contains exactly thirty grams of fino gold, and
with the alloy shall weigh thirty-three and one
third grams. The now existing coinage systems of
several countries stand in the following relation :
o
a
>>
o
a
O ^
Coins.
Containing now
grams.
«
VB
P d
u
Js M
to
'3
Is
Thereafter shall c
tain net, gram
Shall weigh with
loy, grams.
3 German crowns
gold 
30.
33.50
30
33$
100 French francs,
gold 
29.032258
32.25806
30
m
20 American dol-
lars 
30.0926
33.4362
30
33t
1000 British pence,
gold 
30.5100
33.8999*
30
33t
4 sovereigns (960
pence) 
29.2895
32.5-139*
30
331
* Reduced to the fineness of nine tenths.
11 After having presented the same objections
IS to the present French system that have been
|j alluded to by Baron Nothomb and M. L6011,
jj Mr. Augspurg refers to the fact that the gold
ji crown ot Germany is precisely metrical, and
ji agreeing with M. Leon that the difference of
,| three-tenths of one percent, between ourdollar
; and a metrical one is immaterial, says:
I We have in England and North America capable
I ministers of the North Herman Confederation. Would
it not bo worth while to make the attempt to come
to an understanding with those Governments to assist
I the labors of such members of Parliament and of
li Congresswho.likeMr.KELLEY,at'Washington,labor
lor the purpose of asking the international coinage
I on a rational basis? Germany finds herself in the
! position, instead of quietly receiving what other
: nations may decide concerning tho future universal
1 coinage, to be able to take an active and decisive
part in this matter; and above I have endeavored to
show that the presenttime, according to the position
ot tho coinage question in North America, to all ap-
pearances was favorable to secure for it a decisive
result, if the favorable moment shall not be lost
through delay."
The letter of Mr. A. G. Mosle to the German
Commercial Diet is entitled the Teutonic Coin
System, and bears the imprint of Bremen, 1870.
It came into my hands but yesterday, and I
have not been able to give it a thorough pe-
rusal. I observe, however, that he lias had
the bill of July 21, 1868, under consideration,
and recommends Germany to adopt the dollar
it proposes, under the name of a thaler.
t Under the head of the metric system, Mr.
i Mosle includes the proposition of M. Chev-
1 alier in favor of a unit of nine grams of fine
; gold, nine tenths fine, weight ten grams; that
! of my bill, in favor of a twenty-dollar piece of
thirty grams fine gold, nine tenths fine, weigh-
ing thirty-three and one third grams; and that
of Mr. Augspurg, in favor of a ten-thaler gold
piece of fifteen grams of fine gold, and a one-
thaler gold piece of one and a half grams of
fine gold; but contents himself with showing
how nearly my proposition and that of M.
Chevalier coincide with the Teutonic system.
While M. Chevalier is desirous of having the
gross weight of the coin a round number of
grams, I propose as_a unit the gold dollar nine
tenths fine, containing one and a half grams
of fine gold, and weighing one and two thirds
grams, being as nearly as possible identical
with the existing gold dollar. Mr. Mosle adds :
" If an international coin is desirable this one
appears to be entirely practicable."
Thus, Mr. Speaker, I have shown that these
distinguished writers all assert that in the pro-
visions of the bill under consideration, the
United States have proposed a system of coin-
age in accordance with the French metric sys-
tem of weights, now almost universally adopted
for coinage and postal purposes, and that if
we adopt and adhere to it the world must come
round and accept it. This will be but historic
justice. It will be giving us our true relation
to this great and world-wide reform. We were
the first nation to establish a decimal coinage.
More than three years after the fathers of the
country had adopted the dollar, divisible into
decimal and cental fractions, France followed
the example. And recently Canada has adopted
our entire systern of coinage, at least our dollar
and cent. So, sir, I believe the nations will,
as they are adopting the metric system of
weights, gradually come to adopt our system
of coinage, which is simple and so easy of cal-
culation that the method of reducing or multi-
plying it can be made familiar to the children
of all countries.
Again, sir, we were the first to suggest to the
nations the advantages to result from the estab
hshment of an international coinage. Among
the many able papers prepared by John Quiney
Adams, none was, in my judgment, marked
by greater ability or originality than his re-
port on international coinage, made in 1823,
while he was Secretary of State, and addressed
to all the Governments near which we had
representatives. And still again, and with
