18*70.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
41st Cong....2d Sess.
International Coinage—Mr. Kelley.
Ho. op Keps.
even greater emphasis, sir, the commanding
relations we are soon to hold to the world's
commerce demand that we marshal this re-
lorm. Our country, before this generation
shall expire, is to be the center of the mone-
tary exchanges of the world. To-day Lon-
don, Paris, and Frankfort are the great money
centers, and our population numbers about
forty millions. Twenty years hence we shall
be eighty million people, in the fullest enjoy-
ment of steatn and telegraphic communication
with the two hundred and fifty million people
on the other side of the Atlantic, and with the
more than one thousand million of equally
busy people on the other eide of the Pacific,
who are emerging from the isolation of the
past and taking their place among the com-
mercial nations of the world ; aud between
them our railroads will be the principal high-
ways. Twenty years hence we shall be eighty
million people, and at the close of the century
one hundred million. Our wealth more than
quadruples while our population doubles, and at
the end of this century San Francisco and New
York, bound by telegraphic communication,
and with bankers and merchants doing business
in both cities, will constitute the money center of
the world; and then the calculations of its com
merce and the settlement of balances will be
made in our dollar. To it, with its simple
decimal divisions and its simple relation to
the accepted unit of coinage, and postal weight,,
England, France, and the six States that have
allied themselves with France must come.
Indeed, sir, the day for this consummation
approaches more rapidly than we appreciate.
At this time Russia, Germany, Spain, and
other nations, including more than two hun-
dred million people, use coins which are in
almost absolute harmony with our own, while
the Latin league, as the countries which have
engaged by treaty to use the French system
till 1880 are called, embrace at most hut eighty-
Fix million people—the number being prob-
ably less than eighty millions.
Let me state whom we have as allies, hound
to us not by an expiring treaty, but by popular
usage and existing law. A change of less
than one per cent, will make the goldcoinsof
the following nations interchangeable on our
The gold crown of the German States (North
and South) and of Austria, is strictly metrical.
The pistole (or Frederick d'or) of Prussia
and the pistole (August d'or) of Saxony, each
coined prior to the Vienna monetary treaty of
1857, are in excess by about one half of one
per cent, (more exactly fifty-three hundredths
of one per cent.) of four dollars of the pro-
posed metric standard.
The pistole (Christian d'or) of Denmark
differs les3 than one per cent, from the metric
standard, being five sixths of one per cent,
below four of the metric dollars.
The half imperial of Russia is only one
fiftieth of one per cent, below four dollars of
the metric standard.
The doubloon of ten escudos of Spain is
about two thirds of one per cent, above five
metric dollars. The doubloon de Isabel of
one hundred reals, issued prior to 1864, is in
excess of five metric dollars by only three hun-
dredths of one per cent.
The William d'or (gouden Willem) of Neth-
erlands is in excess of one metric dollar by
nine tenths of one per cent.
The gold coinage of the United States and
of Canada is in excess of the metric standard
by about three tenths of one per cent.
Thus it appears that an almost inappreciable
change in some of these coins, and of less than
one per cent, on all of them, will give over
two hundred million people a gold coinage in-
terchangeable the world over. Yet in the face
of these facts we are asked to reduce ours
__ •, because eighty-six million people use the
French franc.
Now, sir, what are the arguments upon which
this apparently absurd proposition are founded?
They were recently presented in their fullest
force and effect to the Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures by Mr. Ruggles, our
commissioner to the international coinage con-
vention. The whole argument rests on two
assumed facts. The first is that more people
use French coins than any other. This one I
have already disposed of. Give them eighty-
six millions; nay, give them one hundred mil-
lions, and, as I have shown, two persons use
coins in general harmony with ours aud which
are absolutely or very nearly metric to one who
uses those of France, which are unmetric and
under the condemnation of the men of science
notonlyof the United States and England but
of France and the entire continent. The change
proposed in this bill is three tenths of one per
cent, while the change proposed by the com-
missioner in the adoption of the French coin-
age is, as 1 have said, 3^^ per cent.
The other assumption is, that there are
more coins in circulation in accordance with
the French system than with any other or than
under all the others. Mr. Speaker, this is not
true, aud the argument deduced from it does
not touch the question. The corollary from it
is this : you must not ask a nation to recoin
so great an amount of coinage ; you will inter-
rupt the great reform by putting it to this
trouble and expense. Sir, even this questiou
is not involved in the argument. Why not, gen-
tlemen may ask. The reason is patent and
unanswerable. It is because the entire coin-
age of the French mints is so debased that if
England and the United States were to accept
the proposition of Mr. Ituggles, the treaty would
have to contain a stipulation that the entire
coinage of France should, before it went into
effect, be recoined and brought honestly to
its standard. I do not make this remark for
the purpose of disparaging France or the Gov-
ernment of the empire, nor to call prejudice
to my aid, but because it is essential to the
proper statement and argument of the ques-
tion. I have before me the annual report of
the Director of the Mint of the United States
made to the Secretary of the Treasury, Octo-
ber 25, 1867, in which he calls attention to
the fact that the coinage of France is not up
to the standard fixed by law. It will be found
in the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
for that year, on page 331 of which will be
found this passage:
"I will here add the result of a recent assay of
single gold pieces of France, of the dates 1SG3 to 1867,
and mint marks of Paris and Strasbourg. This is
important in its bearing upon the question of inter-
national coinage, for if such an interchange is to
take place the respective countries must keep good
faith in regard to the fineness of their coins; other-
wise the matter will soon come to an end. We find
the fineness varying from 898.5 to 899.8, and averaging
899.2. This has generally been the result for many
years, and is not what should bo expected. Tho
average ought to be 900, as required by law. The
Uritish coins are kept up to the mark."
Mr. Mosle, in the course of his interesting
pamphlet, refers to this point, and says :
"The gold pieces of France have never been coined
nine tenths fine, a fact not at all denied by French
writers. Eminent French authorities on matters of
coinage, Chevalier, Leon. Wolosky. and Do Parieu,
consider their system defective and a failure."
It is also a fact that all gold coins suffer by
abrasion in circulating, the loss on the coinage
of France amounting to several million francs
per annum. Referring to these facts Mr. Mosle
says:
"The Germans would not only share these losses,
but would give to the French now and good coins
for their poor and old ones, which never have been
of full weight."
Sir, the fact is notorious that the French do
not coin their gold up to either standard fine-
ness or weight. Nor is this want of good faith
regarded as matter of reproach. It is a source
of profit, and as such appears in the financial
statements of the Government. After speak-
ing of the depreciation of the English coinage
by wear, which the master of mint states at
£35,000 per annum, Baron Nothomb says :
"The French coin is in a worse condition. In a
number of the lievue Contcmvoraine of January 31,
18G9, we find : 'Wo call attention to the fact that in
all coinage operations, in consequence of tolerance,
fineness is taken at only 899-1000, thus counting 1,000
francs in five-franc silver pieces as4,972 to 4,975 gram=,
instead of 5 kilograms. Thon 1,000 new-coined francs
contained only 994.40 francs silver, a difference of
5.60perinille. The Froneh administration of finances
makes no secret of this "faibluge," and every year tho
"compte-general de 1'administration des finances"
'demonstrates tho gain resulting to tho State, which
in 1863wasl64,380from210,000,000coined.' TheFreneh
Government (see Moniteur of November 20, 1866)
excuses this by the impossibility of keepingthe exact
standard; but it is strange that they always remain
below tho normal standard. In England the devia-
tion is only a two-millionth part: in Prussia alt
lately coined thalers contain 9001—10.000, and in 1857.
when lareesums were coined, the difference from tho
normal amount was only three and two thirds thalers
in 31,500,000. There are no legal Napoleons of lull
weight in oxistence."
Thus, sir, the entire coinage of France stands
convicted of debasement, not by the popular
judgment alone, but by the tests of science
and the published official record of the annual
income of the empire. Therefore I say the
question of its recoinage is not involved in
the discussion of the proposition by which I
hope to make the gold coinage of the world
interchangeable by the general acceptance
of a designated standard of fineness and sim-
ple relations with the gram, the unit of the
metric system of weights. When this great
reform shall be accomplished nations will de-
cree that the coinage of each shall be received
by all in common with their own as legal tender.
This will be an essential part of the system.
The Germans recognize this fact, and Mr. Mosle
says they are not prepared to give honest coins
for debased ones. The people of America, Eng-
land, and Russia have as keen a sense of honor
and justice as those of Germany. And I repeat
the remark that if this country were to agree
to accept the French system it would necessa-
rily involve a stipulation for the recoinage of
the entire volume of French gold before the
treaty should go into effect.
Why are the scientific men whose opinions
I have so freely cited so confident that if we
adopt the simple provisions of this bill all the
world will accept them? For several reasons,
a few of which I will proceed to illustrate.
Our standard of fineness is vindicating itself
by the fact that it resists loss by abrasion in
circulation better than the other accepted stand-
ard, which is eleven twelfths, and it has been
adopted by the United States, the Zollverein,
France, Spain, Greece, Holland, and Rome.
These nations and many others have also
adopted the gram as tho unit of weight. This
is the unit of the metrical system, which, even
in conservative England, is supplanting other
systems. England has adopted it for postal
purposes, and a commission has quite recently
recommended her to adopt it in her mint.
We have virtually applied it to our subsidiary
coinage, the copper-nickel pieces, and by ex-
press statute permitted its use in contracts, so
thatour courts are bound to recognize itas legal
when accepted as such by citizens; and recog-
nizing its simplicity and perfection, and the
almost general use into which it had been
brought, Congress, by a jointresolution of July
27, 1866, directed the Secretary of the Treasury
to furnish to each State one set of standard
weights and measures of the metric system. It
is the only system of weights in use in France,
Belgium, Holland, Italy, the Pontifical States,
Spain, Portugal, Greece, Mexico, Chili, Brazil,
New Granada, and certain republics of South
America. It is used permissively from January
