1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3185
peat custom-houses. I wish to read a few I
lilies from the testimony of an officer in the i
Xew York custom house, who gives us the
character of these examinations, so that mem-
bers may see what sort of chance there is now
of securing fitness in the minor offices. " The
examination," he says, "is not especially
severe, nor can it be; for what can you say to
a man who tells you, ' Sir, I kuow nothing
,bout the business at all?' You cannot ask
roch a man whether he ever discharged a ves-
sel. Perhaps he never saw a vessel."
Such is a custom-house examination. We all
know what these examinations are in the De-
partments here under the act of 1858. Some-
times they are very rigorous, for the purpose
of excluding a person who happens no t to be a
favorite; and sometimes they are as idle as a
custom-house examination in New York.
But I am met just here with another diffi-
culty existing in the mind of almost every one.
When we speak of the civil service of the
United States this body of persons employed
here in the Departments at once rises up before
us. They are around us all the time. We
bear their grievances. They would have us
legislate as if they are the only civil servants of
this Government that needed looking out for.
I care nothing at all for this body of persons.
They do not handle the public money. They
simply write for the heads of Departments;
vhey do the clerkly duty of the Government.
The officers whom I wish to reach are those in
the great custom-houses, in the revenue ser-
vice of the Government all alonyg the frontier
and over the whole land, the officers through
whom we collect and disburse $300,000,000
every year, and through whose inefficiency we
Inst at one time at least $ 150,000,000 every year.
And this results not so much from the dis-
honesty of these men as from their ignorance
and incapacity. What can you expect of an
inspector of customs who never saw a vessel and
is appointed to the duty of discharging a great
steamer or even a vessel of the smallest size?
He knows nothing about a vessel or a cargo.
When a change ot officers is made, and such
men are put in, the smugglers who have been
lying in wait run their cargoes through in our
great ports under the very eyes and noses of
these incapables. I asked the very witness
whose testimony I have been readiug what it
costs this Government to make an entire sweep
of the revenue officers in the city of New York.
Heanswered, "At least$10,000,000;" andhe
accounted for it. He said that there is very
little smuggling of the sort that we usually
hear or read about, but that these persons who
wish to get in their goods clandestinely—all for-
eigners, all enemies of the Government—watch
their chance, and while the change is being
made the goods pile in. The duties are appar-
ently increased; but for the amount of goods
that pay dnties about one third of the cor-
responding amount are brought in without the
payment of duties. While these ignorant in-
spectors are looking out for dutiable goods,
those upon which the importers wish to pay
duties, the others are smuggled in. That is
the way we lose from having such a class of
men to look after our revenues.
Oneof the collectorsof the cityofNew York,
who held his office about two years, made four
hundred appointments in two hundred arid
forty offices, the inspectors and night-watch-
men of that port. What chance had these men
to learn their business, what chance even to
become acquainted with men doing business
at the custom-house? Of course that was a
grand holiday for smugglers. Now, I beg gen-
to exclude altogether from their minds
this body of clerks in this city. We are not
aiding or striking at them. They already
™id their offices. If this bill becomes a law
wey win not be removed, unless on reexamin-
auon they should be dismissed for want of
I ciency. The bill refers mainly to this other
class of officers scattered through the country,
°  which there are some twenty thousand.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 200.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman pertait
me to ask him a question at this point? Does
this bill include all assessors, assistant assess-
ors, and collectors of internal revenue?
Mr. JENCKES. It includes the assistants.
Mr. PETERS. And all assistants in cus-
tom-houses and all deputy marshals and clerks
underthe judiciary system of the United States?
Mr. JENCKES. All officers whose appoint-
ments do not require confirmation by the Sen-
ate—the minor officers.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to Say that if this
bill applied solely to the Departments here in
Washington I should be glad to go for it; but
I cannot reconcile myself to such a revolution
as the gentleman seems to propose, which
might put a Democrat or perhaps a rebel in
high office under a Republican administration.
Mr. JENCKES. It does not contemplate
any such thing. If the gentleman will look at
it carefully he will see that it does not.
Mr. PETERS. Cannot the gentleman from
Tennessee put a rebel into office as collector
of the internal revenue under this bill ?
Mr. JENCKES. Of course not.
Mr. PETERS. Why not?
Mr. JENCKES. Because these commis-
sioners are to prescribe the qualification of
these officers, and every officer has to take the
oath of office, which would cut out any such
person as the gentleman refers to.
Mr. PETERS. Political qualification?
Mr. JENCKES. That is the prescription.
There is no more possibility of appointing a
rebel than a Chinaman.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him another question?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. PETERS. Cannot a man with his
hands dripping with the blood of the Union
soldier, shed during the rebellion, go before
this board of examiners, and if he passes the
examination will he not under this bill be
entitled to an office?
Mr. JENCKES. Cannot the gontleman from
Maine read the English language?
Mr. PETERS. I can.
Mr. JENCKES. There is nothing of the
kind in the bill. Does he suppose that the
President of the United States would appoint
such a mart, or that these commissioners would
allow this thing to be done ? If any President
should do such a thing he should be impeached
for it.
Mr. PETERS. I will go further. I would
not only not have a rebel, out I would not have
a Democrat in any high office in any custom-
house, or in any collection district of internal
or external revenue.
Mr. JENCKES. No high office is within
the scope of this bill.
Mr. PETERS. They are all high offices.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman from Maine
would not care how many thieves are iti office.
So they are Republicans he does not care. He
would not have a single Democrat.
Mr. PETERS. Wo have no such things in
the Republican party.
Mr. BECK. That certainly is a new dis-
covery.
Mr. JENCKES. I protest against bringing
into this discussion these political elements.
They do not belong here. 1 believe, if clothed
with this power, these commissioners will use
it properly. I ask the gentleman from Maine
what is there now in the way of the President,
as he expresses it, appointing a rebel, whose
hands are dripping with the blood of Union
Boldicrs ?
Mr. PETERS. His honesty would pre-
vent it.
Mr. JENCKES. Ishe going to lose his hon-
esty because we clothe him with this power ?
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him another question ?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. PETERS. I see the thirteenth section
provides that the President may require any
person applying for an office which requires
the confirmation of the Senate to appear before
this board and be examined as to his qualifica-
tions. Would not that cover this case, that the
President could have ordered Judge Strong, of
Pennsylvania, and Mr. Bradley, of New Jer-
sey, before this board of examiners to undergo
examination as to their fitness for the positions
to which they have been appointed on the bench
of the Supreme Court of the United States?
Mr. JENCKES. I will answer that ques-
tion by asking auother. Is there anything in
the law of the United States now to prevent the
President of the United States from calling
before him any person whom he chooses to
appoint to office to examine him as to his
qualifications?
Mr. PETERS. That is a Yankee way of
"dodging" the question.
Mr. JENCKES. No, sir; it is a Yankee
way of meeting it. The more gentlemen at-
tempt to cover up the more they expose the
nakedness of the present system. I do not
suppose this measure will meet all the evils of
the present system. The wit of man cannot
devise a system that will. The most we can
do is to take a step in the right direction. That
is all we propose here. When the gentleman
says that certain things may be done under this
bill I say the same things are done in n more
flagrant manner under the present system, or
rather \vant of system.
Mr. ELA. Gentlemenhave talked of rascal-
ities in office. I ask whether the corruptions
and rascalities in office have not been on the
part of those who have been long in office, and
whether the frauds have not been detected by
the recent appointments?
Mr. JENCKES. I thank the gentleman for
the question. In the recent case in New York
if the minor officers had felt secure in their
places, and appointed on account of their quali-
fications, the defaulting collector never would
have had their signatures to his statements.
They never would have made false entries in
their books, or suffered omissions which con-
cealed falsehoods. It would not be possible
for any of these great thieves to take the
money from the public Treasury iu the way
they have done without the knowledge of their
Subordinates. There is no instance in which
it has ever been done by one of these thieves
alone and unaided. He cannot put his hand
into the public chest, take the money, and go
off; there must be an entry in the books. So
long as he holds thesa minor officers in the hol-
low of his hand, so long will these great pecu-
lations continue possible. When this is put an
end to, then this thing can be done no longer.
The mode provided iu the bill is the mode we
propose for putting an end to all these stealing
practices.
Mr. BENTON. Does the gentlemau hold
that the President of the United States should
appoint to these minor offices ?
Mr. JENCKES. No ; but we hold that he
should cause inquiry to be made as to the quali-
fications of the persons appointed.
Mr. BENTON. I would ask the gentleman
whether, if it is important to have an exam-
ination as to the qualifications of the minor
officers, it is not much more important to have
.such an examination with reference to the
qualifications of the higher officers ?
Mr. JENCKES. That is a matter within
the discretion of the President.
Mr. BENTON. Is there any argument ap-
plicable to these officers which does not apply
to every public officer in the United States?
Mr. JENCKES. The argument is as strong
as the proportion of the numbers. There are
twenty-three thousand of these officers, and
four thousand ef the other class. Make the
basis right, safe, and secure, and we will be
answerable for the superstructure.
• Mr. BENTON. Does not the gentleman's
argument apply equally well to every member
of this House, and to every member of the
Government?
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman represents
