1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4129
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ If my friend will pardon
me lor interrupting him a moment, because we
all desire to do what is rightabout this matter,
1 will correct him by saying that if an amend-
ment is adopted by a gag rule, without a word
ol debate, the moment it becomes part of the
bill, and the bill is reported to the Senate and
is open tor general debate, its impropriety can
be exposed by any Senator ; so that there is
no such thing aagagging it into a law : and if
my friend tvill further pardon me, he will see
that we have never under the two-speech rule,
where it requires unanimous consent to go on,
been able to stop debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This clause provides
that when an appropriation bill is under con-
siaeration "it shall be in order at any time •"
you may take a Senator off his feet, as is now
done by one of our rules adopted at this ses-
sion, which is an innovation, and which was
never adopted before—you can take a Senator
off his feet  
Mr. RAMSEY, Off the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Off the floor, if the Sen-
ator prefers that, who is speaking in reference
to an amendment, and by a two-thirds vote
'•irect the debate at once to stop. You can
do that on the amendment when it is offered,
and again if it is offered at the last stage of
proceeding in the Senate, as it would be if the
intention was to prevent discussion upon it.
After an appropriation bill had been reported
to the Senate, and the question was u'pon order-
ing it to be read the third time, when all the
amendments had been acted upon, and the last
point of time had arrived when an amendment
could be offered, then a Senator could offer an
important amendment and move that debate
should be closed upon it in one minute, and
with two thirds of the Senate that could bo
done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to correct my
friend in his statement of the construction of
the rule, which he says can take a Senator off
his feet like a motion to pass over. That is
an entire mistake. The Chair is aware that
we were obliged to use very peculiar language
in order to make the motion to pass over take
a man off his feet; that it should be regarded
as a question of privilege, and in the nature of
a question of order. Now these words "at
any time," as applied to this proposed rule,
have the same meaning as they have when
applied to a motion to adjourn. A motion to
adjourn is in order at any time, but you can-
not take a man off his feet to make the motion.
If you can get the floor you can make it at any
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The language of the
proposed rule is—I do not know how it might
be construed—
"It shall bo in order at any time when an appro-
priation bill is under consideration by a two-thirds
vote to order the termination of debate at a time
fixed."
If it is in order at any time to make the
motion, I suppose a person may rise to a ques-
tion of order—"at any time" is the language
of the rule—and request an order to close de-
bate. I do not think there is any necessity for
the adoption of this previous question rule, and
I hope the vote will bo taken upon the clauses
of this resolution separately.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is divisible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So that we may pass
upon the previous question part of the resolu-
tion by itself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois demands a division of the resolution.
The Chair thinks it is susceptible of division,
being in four different paragraphs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. Each one can
stand by itself without the other.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have the question
on the last one first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
be first put on the first paragraph, unless an
order be made by the Senate changing that
order.
41st Cong.,2d Sess.—No. 259.
Mr, HAMLIN". Mr. President  
Ihe VJCIij PRESIDENT. If the Senator
irorn Mama will indulge the Chair a moment,
the present occupant of the chair certainly
would not rule, if this resolution should be
agreed to, that it would be in order at any time
to take a Senator off the floor for the Durpose
of maitmg a motion to terminate debate. The
only reason why he has ruled differently, and
in which the Senate sustained him, upon the
other rule adopted at this session, was because
of the language of that rule, which was that
motions to pass over and to place at the foot
of the Calendar "may be submitted as in the
nature^ and^with all the rights of questions of
^language was so emphatic that
the Chair ruled that a Senator had a right under
this rule, which has been in force now for two
or three months, to rise and move to pass over,
the same as he had the right to rise and call a
Senator to order. _ The language is veryYun-
phatic, and under it the Chair was compelled
to so rule, and the Senate sustained him in (he
ruling. But under the general language of this
proposed new rule a Senator couhfonly make a
motion to terminate debate when he was legally
in possession of the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. I doubt if there is any
member oi this body who is more desirous or
believes it more necessary to limit that broad
latitude ol debate which has existed in the Sen-
ate than myself. While I desire to see this a
body where there shall be free and full debate,
I have long believed that the time has come
when there should be some just and appropri-
ate limitation for the purpose of the dispatch
of the necessary business of the country. 1
offered a proposition, which went to this Com-
mittee on Rules the other day, for the purpose
of furnishing one of those limitations; and, if
I recollect aright, that proposition was that
after a question should have been under dis-
cussion before the Senate for two full days a
majority of the Senate might determine when
debate should cease, not, however, less than
one day thereafter, giving at least 'three days
ol discussion to the question as it would be
before the Senate.
Now, sir, I hope we shall adopt some limit-
ation, which shall not be a restriction upon
debate, but which shall curtail that which is a
palpable abuse, in myjudgment. Why, sir, in
this body we bring to bear the same ordnance
against an unimportant proposition that we do
upon one which affects the whole country. We
bring the same ordnance to bear, whether it is
to kill a poor fly or to be.at down the walls of
Gibraltar. ^ We have become an awful talking
body. It is words and little else but words are
talked here upon unimportant questions, when
every Senator in_thcbodyis as capable of judg-
ing intelligently in one hour after the proposi-
tion has been presented as he is after it has
been talked in this way for long days, if not
weeks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine will suspend. The morning hour has
expired, and the Indian appropiation bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent
to have this question determined, as it affects
action on the appropriation bill.
Mr. THURMAN and Mr. ROBERTSON.
I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move, then, to pass over
the pending bill, in order that we may finish this
resolution, and take the sense of the Senate
upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that will not be done, j
because the subject under consideration will i
take the rest of the day to debate it. !
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate. I
Mr. DAVIS. I do not want to have this J
day wasted. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects to debate. The motion is to
pass over the appropriation bill far the purpose
of continuing the discussion of the report of
the Committee on Rules.
The motion was not agreed to.
PAY 01' CENSUS-TAKERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Indian
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I dislike very much to
do anything contrary to the wishes of the Sen-
ator Irom Maine, who has charge of the appro-
priation bill; but I consider it my duty to
move now to pass over the appropriation bill
with a view of taking a vote upon the resolu-
tion that I offered allowing additional com-
pensation to the deputy marshals engaged in
taking the census. I conccivc that to bo a
public duty. 1 wish to have the opinion of
the Senate upon that resolution. If they arc
not disposed to pass it, very well; hut I wish
to know whether the Senate are disposed to
have the census taken, or whether they am
willing to let it, go by default.
Mr. POMEUOr. I suggest to the Senator
1.0 ^ move to la3r aside the appropriation bill
informally for that purpose. I am sure wo can
take a vote on the resolution in regard to the
census in a very short time ; but I suggest that
the appropriation bill bo laid aside informally
instead of being passed over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well; I make that
motion.
I he VICE PRESIDEN 1\ The Senator from
Oregon asks unanimous consent, to pass over
informally the appropriation bill for the pur-
pose of considering die joint, resolution in
regard to the taking of the census, subject to
a demand for the regular order. Is there
objection ?
Mr. MORRILL, ot Maine. If it were a ques-
tion of taking a vote on that resolution 1 should
not object to the appropriation bill being passed
over informally lor that purpose; but if it is a
question of passing over the appropriation bill
m order to consider ami discuss the propriety
of the passage of that resolution, then [ cer-
tainly object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As proposed by
the Senator from Oregon, it will be :n the
power of the Senator from Maine, or any other
Senator, to stop the debate which shall ensue,
and demand the regular order at any time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; if
the Senate is disposed to pass over the appro-
priation bill informally with a view of seeing
whether a vote can be, taken without debate on
that resolution I shall not object.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope tho Senate will
take a vote without debate. 1 will agree not
to say another woid if Senators will vote on
tho resolution, and on the amendments thai
may be offered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senate will
understand that 1 shall feel it to he my duty to
call for the regular order if the resolution leads
to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there bo no
objection the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 212)
in relation to the compensation of assistant
marshals for taking the census of 1870 is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, subject to a demand for the regular
order. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whet is the pending ques-
tion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. T'.iouiull] to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Mourur.r*.] The Senator from
Vermont moved to amend the joint resolution
so as to provide that tho compensation should
not in any case exceed six dollars per day.
The Senator from Illinois moved to amend the
amendment so as to provide that the compen-
sation should ill no case exceed eight dollars
a day. Tlie question is on the amendment to
the amendment. ,
Mr. ROBERTSON. I suggest to tlie Sen-
ator from Illinois to make it ten dollars a da)'.
