5074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
struction of the old pay laws of the Army and
Navy it happened that on account of allow-
ances or increased pay for extra responsibility
as disbursing officer or quartermaster, or what-
ever it might be, there were certain classes of
naval officers, and I think some Army officers—
I am sure there were—whose widows, when they
died, received half pay greater than the widows
of officers holding the same rank either in the
Army or Navy by the construction of the gen-
eral laws.
Then came the act of 18G2, rating pensions
in the Army and Navy on a uniform scale by
rank, equivalent rank in both the branches of
the service at so much. Then came a later law,
which declared, and I think rightly, as a gen-
eral principle—everybody must concede that—
that all pensions previous to that time should
be based upon the same model of uniformity ;
which was equality, as was supposed. The
effoct of that in certain cases was that some
very estimable people, widows and others, who
had been receiving more than thirty dollars
a month in some instances, and more than
twenty-five dollars in others, were reduced to
the same amount of monthly and yearly pay iu
the way of pensions that all other widows of
officers holding the same rank now have ; that
is to say, they were put upon an equal footing
under general laws. The effect was, as my
friend from Nebraska has said, that some lost
by it, others gained a little by it; but uniform-
ity, equality between the same ranks, over all
the period of time, was produced. I thought
myself it was hard to do that, when a widow
was receiving a certain sum, although when
you look at it in a particular case it is pretty
hard to defend any other principle than equal-
ity ; but there it is. Now, then, this bill as it
passed the House of Representatives was do-
voted to that class of eases, upon which every-
body agrees, that where we promised to a widow,
by name, to give her a certain sum of money
during her life or widowhood we would stand
by it. This amendment opens quite a different
question.
Having thus explained it, I hope my friend
from Nebraska will allow this little bill to go
through, which applies to that class; and we
can consider next winter whether we shall do
anything for the other or not.
Mr. THAYER. I must occupy sufficient
time to say that the amendment which I pro-
pose to offer will leave the practice of the De-
partment, if it should be adopted, exactly as it
was before the decision of the Secretary of the
Interior was made reducing pensions. It lias
no other effect whatever. This bill, as it now
comes first from the House of Representatives,
and then from the committee, does restore the
pensions of Army widows which had been
reduced under his decision ; that is, those who
had been pensioned under special act. So far
the bill is all right; but it does not provide
for the increased pensions to the widows of
naval officers, and that is my object in intro-
ducing this amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend does not mean
to say that it does not restore the pensions to
the widows of all naval officers pensioned by
special acts ?
Mr. THAYER. There are none in the Navy
pensioned by special acts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the question simply
is, whether we shall undertake to rectify and
change general legislation on this particular
bill.
Mr. THAYER. Let me say to the Senator
from Vermont that the act of July 27, 1808,
authorizes the increase of pensions, but not the
reduction of pensions. That law was admin-
istered by the honorable Senator from Iowa,
[Mi. Harlan,] then Secretary of the Interior.
The law is just what its title indicates, " an
act increasing the pensions of widows and or-
phans," and it placed on the same footing all
those who were drawing pensions below the
amount lixed by general law ; but it did not
authorize the reduction of the pensions of those
who were drawing at a higher rate. Now,
there is a class of Navy widows who have been
receiving fifty dollars a month under acts of
Congress, and they are receiving that pension
out of the naval pension fand. It is no appro-
priation from the United States Treasury. That
fund was set aside for them by a solemn act of
Congress; and at the time their names were
placed on the roll at the rate of fifty dollars a
month it was pledged to them for life. Under
the authority of the fifteenth section of the act
of July 27, 1808, the Secretary has cut down
the pensions of those Navy widows to thirty
dollars a month ; and this bill, which you pro-
pose to pass as it comes from the committee,
does not embrace a remedy for them. 1 ask
this Seuate to put them on the same footing
with the Array widows, and restore their pen-
sions to fifty dollars per month.
Another result of this bill, if it passes in
this shape, will be this: it says this act shall
not.be so considered as to increase the amount,
&c.; they have been increased up to the amount
fixed by general law; for instance, widows
drawing $3 SO a month, as some originally
did, have been increased to the uniform rate
of eight dollars a month. This bill will author-
ize, and it will be construed by the pension
department, as requiring them to stop these
pensions which they have increased; not only
to reduce them to the former amount, but to
stop them entirely until an amount has been
retained sufficient to be equal to that which
has been overpaid, as they will construe it.
That will be the result of it. Now, sir, the
object of my amendment, which I send to the
Chair, is to prevent that, and to put these Navy
widows, so far as remedial legislation is con-
cerned, on exactly the same footing as the
Army widows. I send an amendment to the
Chair, that it may be read, so that the Senate
may know what I shall offer in case the bill be
reconsidered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That tho thirteenth and fifteenth sections of act of
July 27, 18(38, entitled "An act relating to pensions,"
shall not be construed as authorizing tho reduction
of pensions to the rates fixed by tho aot of July 11.
1S62, entitled "An act to grant pensions," but simply
as increasing thepensions of those under tho old law
who rcccived less than tho rates fixed by the act of
J uly 11,1802, and tho pensions of those pensioned by
special acts who receive less than tho rates fixed by
the gencial laws in torcc at the time they were re-
spectively pensioned to tho rates fixed in conformity
with tho practice of tho Pension Ollico prior to the
recent decision of the Secretary of the Interior in
relation to this subjcct.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senate will
not reconsider this vote, for the reasons I have
already stated. My friend misunderstands this
matter. Army widows and Navy widows are
now on precisely the same footing. It is true
the general law applying to widows who drew
pensions under general laws, making them all
equal in 18G2, did diminish some and increase
some; but it did it to all alike. Now this
applies to a totally different subject; and the
effect of putting on this amendment would be
to defeat the object of restoring what we are
bound in honor to restore to those ladies to
whom by name, for special reasons, we have
given special pensions.
Mr. PENTON. I ask my friend from Ne-
braska whether the adoption of his amend-
ment will require any additional appropriation
of funds from the Treasury to meet its require-
ments? As I understand it, the Navy pension
fund is ample for the purpose of paying the
pensions that this amendment provides for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does not my friend from
New York know that the Navy pension fund
as now administered is not sufficient to meet
the claims upon it, and that we shall have to
appropriate money from the Treasury to make
up the deficiency in that fund?
Mr. EENTON. I was not aware of that
fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will be much better to
let this matter rest until we can look into it
more carefully.
Mr. EENTON. I appreciate the importance
of the question itself, and the amendment of
the Senator from Nebraska meets my approval
in the object it seeks to accomplish.
Mr. CORBETT. We reduced the rate of
interest on the Navy pension fund from six per
cent, to three per cent. In my opinion we had
no right to reduce the interest upon that fund,
set apart from the prize money of the Navy,
as I understand, and invested in United States
stocks. We took the responsibility of reducing
tho interest from six to three per cent, upon
that fund. I opposed that measure at the time
it was proposed; I believed it was in bad faith
toward those people in the Navy who were
dependent upon that fund for their pensions.
It seems to me we are in duty bound to make
good the interest to that fund, and if it is
necessary to restore this amount of special
pension to Army widows to whom we have
granted it by name, I do not see why we should
not do it for the Navy.
We found ourselves in 18G8 in a very peculiar
position. We were raising the pensions of some
particular persons who applied here for addi-
tional pensions in consequence of their positions.
We had done that in a lew cases ; but we found
the applications constantly increasing, and each
one who made an application had some special
friends to advocate his or her special case.
The consequence was that we had to turn short
about, and we passed the act of 18G8, placing
them all upon an equal pension according to
rank. We found ourselves utterly at sea; we
found that if we continued raising the pen-
sions of the widows of brigadier generals and
other officers of high rank, we must in justice
raise the pensions of widows of other grades,
and that the result would finally be to lead to
the raising of the pensions of the entire list.
My impression is that the Senator from Ver-
mont opposed the granting of special pensions
to widows over and above the amount fixed by
general law at that time. But we found our-
selves in that position. Now, these widows
have received this special pension up to the
present time. It certainly is not doing any
injustice to them, where they have already re-
ceived the amount, to provide that they shall
not receive the addition hereafter; but still,
if the Committee on Pensions think it neces-
sary to continue those pensions where they
were allowed by special act, then I think wo
should continue the pensions heretofore allowed
to the Navy upon the same principle.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the motion to reconsider.
The motion was rejected—ayes twelve, noes
not counted.
SKA ISLANDS OF BEAUFORT.
I move to take up Senate bill
Will the Senator yield to
Mr. NYE.
No. 401.
Mr. SAWYER.
me for one minute ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would it be in order to
present a petition against a certain portion of
the tax bill going into force?
Mr. NYE. I want to take up Senate bill
No. 401.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
a moment?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. I had the honor the day
before yesterday to ask the indulgence of the
Senate to be allowed to submit some remarks
yesterday morning or this morning in reference
to tlse condition of the public lands in South
Carolina. It was accorded to me, as I under-
stood. I should now like to make the inquiry,
whether the Senate intend to cut me off from
that privilege ?
J _ I will say, in explanation, thatunlessthis bill
I is considered at this session the object proposed
j to be gained by it cannot be accomplished
1 until a year from December next. The objects
