2242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
when I put my little labor on that book, I had
to pay a heavy tax on the printed sheets which
I brought in 4 for it was printed in London.
I paid it in the shape of a bounty to a paper-
maker who never did anything for me, and I
have as much right to a bounty on my small
labor as the paper-maker has to a bounty on
his.
INTERDEPENDENCE OE NATIONS.
But the sunbeams which the gentleman
would shut out are provided by Providence
with more generous prodigality than coal, iron,
wood, wool, or flax. Providence teaches us
freedom of exchange. He commands it by the
varieties of soil, climate, and production. He
compensates by various seasons and vicissi-
tudes of crops, that the dearth of one section
even of our country shall be made up by the
abundance of another. He gives coal to one,
lumber to another, wheat to another, cotton
to another, and gold and silver to another sec-
tion, and so justifies the ways of God to men.
He may seem to the short-sighted, capricious,
and uncertain, but to a larger observation He
made these varieties on this star that we should
commerce with each other for economy. His
ways are best. They arc best to follow. Let us
go in them. They lead to the fountain of moral
and economic law. Let us do as old Coke
advised in the law: "Melius estpetere j'ontes,
quam sectari rivulos.''
Will the gentleman quit the meanderings of
that stream in Pennsylvania he so eloquently
followed, and go down with it to the seas and
thence to the outer world? Let him take an
outlook and observe how God has plaited and
weaved the harmonies of commerce among His
children into a resplendent unity, ever illus-
trating the advancement of mankind. Thus
observing, ho will, if not now, sometime, learn
that God thus makes the root of one nation or
continent the blossom and fruit of another;
that all secular majesty and greatness grow
out of the observance of His laws of free inter-
change. If not in this Congress, in another
suheie, the gentleman may learn that in life,
and certainly in death, for wise ends, God de-
nationalizes. He teaches no lesson so grandly
in all His works as the dependence we bear on
one another. He never made an independent
man or an independent nation:
" Tteaven formed each on other to depend;
Bids each on othor for assistances on,11,
Till one man's weakness grows tho strength of all;
Wants, frailties, passions, closer.still ally
The common interest or endear tho tie."
THE WORLD WORKS EOR A RADJC.U,.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has all
the world at work for him. He cannot dismiss
his laborers. They work to comfort, adorn,
elevate, and immortalize him. He is an ele-
gant man. The roses of Cashmere give him
their attar for his boudoir. [Laughter.] Pie is
a neat man. His very neckerchief ties him to
thememoryof.Jacquardandhisloom; and by an
exquisite film he is bound to the little spinner
who builds his silken sarcophagus upon the
mulberries of Italy. He is a gay man. The
jewels of his bosom arc picked up afar in Gol-
conda and polished in quaintly Amsterdam.
He is a fast man. The sherry wines—Yerrez—
are fabricated and flavored with Irish potato
whisky [laughter] for the satisfaction of his
palate, fie is a witty man. Does he not know
that the camel browsing amid the ruins of
Baalbec and Palmyra, or the donkey trudging
through the streets of Smyrna, is bearing the
fragrant spice to stimulate his appetite, if not
to season his eloquence ? [Laughter.] He is
a fluent man. Does ho never lubricate his
chordae vocales with the candied fruits or dulcet
sirups, tinct with cinnamon, from silken Sar-
macand or cedared Lebanon? He is a political
man. Does he not know that every 40 voters
who land their free labor on our shores have
in their blood enough iron, not yet. thank God,
reached by the tariff, to make the spring of
the carriage in which he rides so luxuriously ?
[Laughter.] He is a smoking man. Does not
the fragrant weed expand in Cuba and Manila
for his spcciaidelectation? He is a family man.
Arabia and Java give him coffee, China gives
him tea, and Cuba sugar. He is a gentleman.
Does he notfeel it in hisbroadcloth from France?
He is a Christian man. Does he not know that
but for interchanges, by cheap coal, steam, and
ships, the missionary would be limited to one
language and one country; that Paul never
would have gone abroad among the Gentiles
from Judea, nor the good Gospel have filled
the whole earth with its glory ?
Mr. WOOD WARD. Paul went on foot with
the gospel.
Mr. COX. I am not so well versed in the
Scriptures as my honored friend, and therefore
not so good a man ; hut I have somewhere
read that Paul sailed in a ship—ay, and was
shipwrecked—in that Mediterranean, where
in early and later days free trade and com-
merce had so many illustrations in tho interest
of civilization.
Yetwefmd thePennsylvanian advocating the
philosophy of isolation and seclusion and the
gospel of selfishness and oppression, lie will
confess that it is good to have a few interchanges
among the States. Oh, yes 1 He will even
allow Missouri to make iron out of her mount-
ains. Although she has plead here to-day for
freo trade in iron by her gallant Representa-
tive, [General Asi'icu,] yet no one regards his
appeal. Why? Oh, she might compete with
Pennsylvania if the tariff were removed from
iron ; but now she is so far inland and does
not compete with Pennsylvania. Tho gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will not allow Scotland
to do the same at. the East. For every ton of
steel from Scotland the American must pay $50
extra in tax! He will allow Ohio and West
Virginia to rival his coal-fields, but he will not
allow New Kngland and New York to go to
Nova Scotia for coal, even when the banks am
owned by our own people. Intelligence and
patriotism teaeh him, forsooth, that the peculiar
facilities for mining in Nova Scotia, their prox-
imity to the populous northern Slates, where
cheap coal for motive power and steam are in-
dispensable, might benefit somebody out of his
own State. Salt is made upon Turk's Island;
tho sun makes salt out of the sea; nay, it lies
about us across our lakes in Canada. Lumber
for our timberless prairies grows in abundance
across the St. Lawrence; wheat teems in that
northern air; fish throng the Canadian waters
at our doors; but we must not seek these alien
elements of life at cheaper rates, for that would
be to discourage our industry. He would have
scarcity abound till high prices gorge the
pockets of his friends; make others compete
till the market is filled and articles are cheap;
that is, the people must be made poor by buy-
ing dear goods because of the hope of some
day being rich. It is a mockery to say to the
poor workingman, "Be content to pay three
prices now that hereafter you maybe comfort-
able." The man with a scanty coat is not
comforted in winter by the hope that in sum-
mer he will not need it at all, or next winter
he will have two coats. Yv hem an Illinois
farmer produces more wheat than lie can con-
sume or sell here, why should he not send off
the surplus to Hngland to buy with it two
blankets, when hero he can get but one with
it? In other words, the protectionist holds that
scarcity is a blessing ahd abundance a curse;
that large prices are more useful than large
quantities, and that all laws which prevent
abundance, like our tariffs, arc for the producer
only; as if men were not consumers as well as
producers, and that as abundance causes low
prices, it enriches ; while high prices and
scarcity impoverish.
1>1:ACTICE AND THEORY.
The only answer that may be given to these
plain truths is, " You theorize. Your theory
is beautiful, but it is not practical. You must
wait for a commercial millennium!" Notprac-
tical to buy at the cheapest rates! I would
like to see the stupid boor or the millennial
dreamer even, who does not thus practice. No
one but an idiot does otherwise. A railroad
president who would not buy the cheapest iron
or steel rails or locomotives is an idiot. An
officer who would not buy the cheapest bunt-
ing for our flag to be had in the market, other
things being equal, deserves to he cashiered.
Theory! What is theory? The completest
result of philosophical experience. Practice
precedes theory. We have language before
grammar; reason before logic; syllogisms be-
fore Aristotle; induction before Bacon ; and
trade before political economy. True, theory
tends to improve practice ; it engineers before
and after the track is laid._ '' Nihil veniat in
practicam cujus non fit eticem doctrina et ihe-
oria." Excellent in theory, not fit for prac-
tice—is nonsense, retrogression, ignorance 1
All industrial and commercial restrictions
tend to make commodities dear. In propor-
tion as you relieve communities of such re-
strictions you develop and enrich them. If this
is theory, it is built on the solid structure of
practice. When such restrictions hurt others,
they injure ourselves. Tariflfs, wars,oppressions,
tyrannies, are among the scourges of mankind.
As all advantages of soil, climate, minerals,
temperature, elude the producer who would
monopolize them, and as in the end compe-
tition turns them over to the consumer's profit,
it follows, says Bastiat, that there is no coun-
try which is not interested in the advancement
and prosperity of all other countries. In the
long run, " the human race obtain equal satis-
factions ata less expense or with equal labor."
If, however, theory, as the result of practice,
has here no emphasis; if the argumentum ad
absufdumis powerless against the paradoxes of'
protection, if the cryptogamic growths of self-
ishness and locality have so overgrown our pol-
icy that we cannot see the forms of Liberty and
Prosperity in their dusky va,ults, gentlemen
shall have practical results in abundance. 1
shall dedicate the rest of my speech to their
elucidation. After the report of Commissioner
Wells, after the elaborate and unanswerable
speeches of my colleagues, [Mr. Brooks,
Mr. Wood, and others,] my friends from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Holmajt and Mr. Kerr,] and the
irrefragable demonstrations of the Republican
members, [Mr. Allison, Mr. Stevenson, Mr.
Cook, et alios,] is there anything still to be
gleaned ?
SALT.
Let mo fry one illustration upon the gentle-
man from the saltdistrietofNewYork. He rep-
resents the Onondaga salines. For me to tilt
with him is to fight with a giant; hut it is only
the Onondaga giant; and, like thatgypsum relic,
he requires care lest he crumble at the touch and
leave only cast-iron as its framework. There
is no need of a smooth stone or the sleight of
David's hand to lay this fabricated giant low.
I fear there is some other metal besides iron in
the frame, judging by the following statement.
He said:
/'An estimate of our present and future popula-
tion and wealth based upon the same percentage of
increase as in every decade of our past history, will
show tho following results:
Years, Population. Wealth.
1370  40,000,000 $33,180,000,000
1X80  S7,000,03Q 82,866,868,000
1890  78,000,000 187,314,863,000
lOOi) 106,000,000 423,330,438,000
"What a prospect of the future 1 What an inher-
itance wo pass down to our children and to succeed-
ing generations! Before such a future all our sacri-
fices of life and property, all our burdens of the past
and tho present, sink into comparative insigniii-
cance."
There is no denying the fact that wo will
press out of the people this very year of 1870
fully 8400,000,000 reveuue. This gives $10
per capita on the population; and $1 20 for
every $100 capital wealth in the country. Nov/,
this revenue is, by all parties, considered a
burden, and as we can do with $300,000,000
and still pay $50,000,000 of our debt and keep
up Radical extravagance, nothing would be
more fair than to reduce custom duties and
relieve the people.
But suppose we pause entirely for ten years
