4130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June {),
Mr. ED,MUNDS. That will not do.
Mr. TRTJMB CJLL. I am not particular about
that. I think that eight dollars is enough, if
there is an allowance for traveling expenses;
arid I understand there is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Bight dollars is too macli
if there is anything of that kind.
Mr. SPENCER. There are no allowances
for traveling expenses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly there is a cer-
tain mileage for traveling.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood there was.
If the resolution could be so amended as to say
" ten dollars, provided there shall be no allow-
ance for traveling expenses or any other ex-
penses beyond the ten dollars," I should be
quite willing to agree to that.
Mr. STEWART. I think we had better take
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
just as it is.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Illinois to say " shall not exceed ten
dollars."
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
to strike out "six dollars" and insert "eight
dollars." That is an amendment to an amend-
ment, and cannot be farther amended.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment, as
amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
resolution read as it will stand if amended.
The Chief Ci.erk. The resolution, if
amended as proposed, will read :
That tho Secretary of the Interior be, and ho is
hereby, authorized to increase the compensation of
assistant marshals in taking the census ot 1870 when-
ever, in his judgment, such increase shall be neces-
sary: Pi'oviit&ct, Xhat in no case shall such increase
exceed fifty per cent, of the amount of compensa-
tion now allowod by law, nor more than eight dol-
lars per day for tho time actually employed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an
amendment. I wish to confine this resolution
to the regions where it is intended to operate.
My amendment is to add :
And noadditional allowance shall be made except
when by reason of the sparseness of population tho
compensation allowod by law is not sufficient.
This increased compensation ought not to be
extended to the populous States; This amend-
ment is copied from the internal revenue laws.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. SPENCER. Let
the amendment be read at the desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to still further amend the amend-
ment by adding:
And no additional allowance shall be mado except
when by reason of tho sparseness of population tho
* compensation allowed by lawis not sufficient.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio to say "the compensation heretofore
allowed by law."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California suggests that the word "heretofore "
be inserted. If there be no objection the amend-
ment will be so modified. The question now is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Onlookingatthe phrase-
ology of the resolution I see that it would be
obnoxious to an improper construction,* which
I did not intend, and I presume the Senate did
not. Not having the joint resolution before
me, and drawing the amendment at my sea.t,
I did not look closely at the language. It reads
now :
Provided, That in no case shall such increase ex-
ceed fiftv per cent, of the amount of compensation
now allowed by law, nor more than eight dollars per
day for the time actually employed.
That is, that the increase shall not exceed
eight dollars a day. That is not what I meant,
and I presume not what the Senate meant. It
ought to read, " nor shall the entire compen-
sation exceed eight "dollars per day," &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois that if the amendment I offer
should be adopted that will be a sufficient cur-
tailment without his proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this is well
enough, at any rate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that-1 am told some census-
takers received as high as thirty dollars a day,
and I think we had better have this provision
inserted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois asks consent to modify his amendment
so that it shall read, " nor shall the entire
compensation exceed," &c. The Chair hears
no objection. The question now recurs on the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio to the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois, as
modified.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, as amended by the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. BOREMAN. Let it be read as it now
stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Nor shall the entire compensation be more than
eight dollars per day for the time actually employed,
and no additional allowance shall be made, except
when by reason of the sparseness of population the
compensation lieretotore allowed by law is not suffi-
cient.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will see
that his provision should come in before the
one that I offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. They may be transposed
by the Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Secretary will transpose them if
they should be agreed to.
Miv WARNER. 1 ask the Senator from
Ohio if it is not a question how the Secretary
of the Interior will construe that language as
to tho sparseness of population ? Does it apply
to States, congressional districts, or counties ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Anywhere.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Everywhere.
Mr. WARNER. There are States where the
sparseness of population would make it just to
increase the compensation, and yet there are
counties in those States where there would be
no increase required.
Mr. SHERMAN. For instance, where.there
is a very large number of square miles to a
very small population, that would be a sparse
population as applied to that district.
Mr. WARNER. Under the language of the
amendment I presume the Secretary would be
allowed to grant the additional compensation,
either in States or counties.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will inform the Senator
that that is the precise ground upon which the
Secretary of the Interior has heretofore made
allowances for two successive censuses. Allow-
ances have been made upon the express ground
that the population was so sparse that the
census-takers could not earn an adequate com-
pensation. There is no difficulty about the
amendment.
Mr. WARNER. I understand it is a very
clear proposition. The pay depends on the
density of population. That density is not
governed by States, but it is governed by sub-
districts. There are enumerators in the State
who can make, at two cents a head, with the
mileage under the mathematical rule, ten or
twenty dollars a day; and there are others in
the same State who under the same rule can-
not make two dollars a day. Under the old
rule which was adopted the compensation of
enumerators or assistant marshals varied from
$1 60 a day to $81 33 a day. These are the
two extremes ; and they ranged betvreen these.
The only question I want to be satisfied about
is whether under this the Superintendent of
the Census or the Secretary of the Interior
would be bound to discriminate between the
enumerators, or only by States, counties, or
districts; and I suggest whether it would not
be well to insert in this resolution some words
' that would require him to discriminate between
different counties or congressional districts.
Mr. WILLIAMS. W henever it appears by
the return of an enumerator that his compen-
sation as now provided by law will not equal
eight dollars this provision permits the Secre-
tary of the Interior to allow him eight dollars,
no matter where the censuses taken, or in
what State, or district, or county. I do not
see anything in the point^the Senator makes.
Mr. WARNER. Doesit apply to the enum-
erator himself? I do not think the language
of it is very clear. In my State there are dis-
tricts where additional compensation is needed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will again report the resolution as amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized to incroase the compensation of
assistant marshals in taking the census of 1870,
whenever, in his judgment, such increase shall.be
necessary: Provided, That in no case shall such in-
crease exceed fifty per cent, of tho am omit, of com-
pensation now allowedbylaw.andno suoli additional
allowanco shall be made except when by reason of
the sparseness of the population tho compensation
heretofore allowed by law is not sufficient; nor i-hall
the entire compensation be more than eight dollars
per day for the time actually employed.
Mr. CORBETT. I think that covers the
mileage, besides the per dieni, the way it reads.
I think it ought to be changed in that respect.
I therefore move to strike out "eight" and
insert "ten," and that would include the entire
mileage and pay. I think that is the meaning
of it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that an alteration in that respect cannot
be made until the joint resolution shall have
been reported to the Senate. Eight dollars
has been put in specifically.
Mr. CORBETT. Then I will move my
amendment in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment as amended.
Mr. MORTON. Before this amendment is
voted upon I should like to have an understand-
ing as to whether this eight dollars a day, ,
which the compensation shallin no case exceed, N
includes the expense which the enumerator is
at, the expense of traveling, of horses, of car-
riages, hotel bills, and everything of that sort.
If it includes that the compensation is inade-
quate, and may in some cases be very, itiade
quate.
Mr. POMEROY. It includes everything.
Mr. MORTON. If out of this eight dollars
a day, which the compensation shall in no case
exceed, the expenses are to be paid, the sum
will be wholly inaquate in many places.
Mr. WARNER. There is a mileage allowed
in addition.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No; this is the entire com-
pensation.
Mr. MORTON. It is inadequate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it be in order, after
agreeing to the amendment as amended, to put
the amount at ten dollars in the place of eight
dollars?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be, in the
Senate.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the question was stated to
be on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "eight" and insert-
ing " ten."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, to make the mut-
ter entirely certain, I suggest to the Senator
from Oregon if it would not be better to say
"ten dollars, including mileage and all other
allowances?'' When I moved eight dollars
my understanding was that the census-taker
would be allowed the mileage besides; but I
think if you put it at ten dollars it would be
