1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5075
which it proposes to accomplish cannot, be
accomplished consistently with the interests
of the Government except in two months,
December and January. It has already gone
two years longer than it ought. It is a measure
not only of importance to the United States,
but of importance to the State of South Caro-
lina. I should like to know whether the Senate
will allow me the privilege of calling up the
bill at any time during the session.
Mr. NYE. My bill would have been through
by this time.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senator
from South Carolina have half an hour to-mor-
row, from half past eleven to twelve o'clock.
Mr. NYE. I agree to that.
The PIlESIDENTjpro tempore. The Senator
from Nevada asks unanimous consent that at
half past eleven to-morrow the Senator from
South Carolina 
Mr. BAYARD. I object.
Several Senators. Oh, no; do not object.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that the bill
sought to be fixed for to-morrow at half past
eleven is one relating to the tax titles of the
Beaufort island properties and other matters.
If it is proposed to fix that time for taking up
the bill and passing it I object, and for the ob-
jection I have ample reasons, as I shall satisfy
the Senate when they shall come to be heard.
But as I understand now that the design of the
honorable Senator from South Carolina is
merely to make a speech upon the subject in
order that he may justify his position respect-
ing the bill I withdraw my obj action to that
speech being made.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. But not to
action on the bill.
Mr. STEWART. That depends on the
Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I withdraw objection to the
Senator from South Carolina having a chance
to be heard.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] asks unani-
mous consent that at half past eleven o'clock
to-morrow the Senator from. South Carolina
[Mr. Sawyer] shall have an opportunity to
make his remarks on the bill concerning tax
titles to the sea island land in Beaufort county,
South Carolina.
Mr. THURHAN. I certainly would not
object to the Senator from South Carolina hav-
ing leave to make his remarks upon that bill;
but that is a bill which must certainly be de-
bated. I for one have carefully studied it, and
I cannot in good conscience allow it to pass
without presenting to the Senate the objections
which I entertain to it, and which, 1 think,
every lawyer must entertain to it.
Mr. NYE. The Senator from Ohio can let
the Senator from South Carolina make the
spcech.
Mr. THURMAN. I say again I haveno
objection to the Senator from South Carolina
making his speech on that bill, but I object to
that bill beingput on its passage without debate;
and I submit to the Senator whether it would
not be merely a useless consumption of time
to speak on it at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Ohio object to the proposition?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore._ Then the
order will be entered, and the bill will be taken
up to-morrow at half past eleven.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. NYE. I insist on my motion to take up
Senate bill No. 401.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 401) to amend
sin act entitled "An act granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the States of Missouri and Arkansas
to the Pacific coast, by the southern route,"
approved July 27, I860.
Mr. NYE. The other day when this bill
was up the honorable Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] offered an amendment, which was
carried, and a reconsideration of that was
moved. I propose, if the Senator has no other
amendment to offer, that we get the bill into
the Senate and take a vote upon that question
then.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no other amend-
ment. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is upon the motion to reconsider
the amendment already made.
Mr. NYE. I propose, for the purpose of
saving time, to let the bill pass into the Sen-
ate, as there is no further amendment to be
moved, and then take the question in the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tern-pore. The pend-
ing motion is to reconsider the vote on the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. NYE. To shorten proceedings I pro-
pose that the bill pass into the Senate at once,
as the honorable Senator from Iowa says he
has no further amendment; and then I will
move to strike out that amendment and bring
it to a vote.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The motion
to -reconsider is pending; and unless that is
withdrawn, it must be put.
Mr. NYE. I should like the attention of
the Senator from Florida one moment. I ask
him to withdraw his motion to reconsider.
Mr. OSBORN. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
to reconsider is withdrawn.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer a proviso to come
in at the end of the bill:
Provided, That all the provisions of this act arc on
condition that the said Atlantic and Pacific Railroad
Company shall comply with the provisions of section
eight of the said act of July 'S, M>6.
I will read the section of the act of I860
which is referred to in this amendment. It
provides:
" That the said company shall commence the work
on said road within two years lrom the approval of
this act by the President, and shall complete not less
than fifty miles per year after the second year"—
The main point is, however, in these words—
" and shall construct, equip, furnish, and complete
the main line of the whole road by the 4th day of
July, A. D. 1878."
I understand from some of the parties who
are interested in this road, that there is no
objection to that provision that the main trunk
shall be completed by July 4, 1878.
Mr. NYE. Let me beg of the Senator from
California not to reenact that law. It stands
already. I have a letter here from the Secre-
tary of the Interior 
Mr. CASSERLY. We do not hear over here
a syllable the Senator from Nevada utters.
Mr. NYE. I hope the amendment will not
prevail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
The question being put, the Chair declared
that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for a division. I
do not think the Senate understand this ques-
tion, and T am not surprised ; it is extremely
difficult to understand anything during this
morning hour. I have not offered any objec-
tion to the passage of this bill thus far ; but if
the period of the completion of the road is to
be left open for an indefinite time, then I say
that it is a bill which ought not to pass. What
was the object of all the great grants and priv-
ileges conferred on this company in the first
place by the act of July 27, 18G6? "What is
the object of the present bill ? What is the
object of either of them if this company is
to be left to finish this road in its own time,
at its own leisure, at its own convenience ; to
delay it for twenty years, if it sees lit and dis-
covers it to be more profitable, or to delay it
i for forty years ? Will any Senator defend such
a disposition of this subject as that? I am as
anxious as any Senator that this road should
be completed as an important 
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
say 
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall be through in a
moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California declines to be interrupted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I find that these inter-
ruptions only disturb business and everybody
engaged in it. I certainly do not wish to be
wanting in courtesy to my very good friend,
the Senator from Nevada, but that is the fact.
I say I am sincerely desirous that this road
shall be completed to the Pacific; but I am
equally desirous that it shall be completed
within some definite time, and I am not in favor
of leaving it in the power of this company to
defer the completion of this great work at its
own good will and pleasure. If the Senate,
understanding the question, as I hope I have
succeeded in making myself now understood,
is willing to vote to leave the whole question
open, as I understand it to be left, and depend-
ent on the will or the interest of this company,
then of course I have nothing to do but to
acquiesce.
Mr. NYE. Let us vote.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California, upon which a division is demanded.
The question being put, there were, upon a
division—ayes 17, noes 21.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
Of twelve o'clock having arrived, it becomes
the duty of the Chair to call up the unfinished
business of yesterday, being the hill to reduce
taxation.
Mr. NYE. I hope we shall be allowed to
have a vote on this railroad bill. I have been
four times at this point, and I am too sick to
remain here.
Mr. SHERMAN. There will be several
other votes on this bill: I am assured of that;
and I cannot give way on the regular order.
Mr. NYE. I have been so many times right
at this point—and we can get a vote on this
in fifteen minutes—that I hope the Senator
from Ohio will let us get a vote.
Mr. DRAKE. Move to postpone the tax
bill.
Mr. NYE. No ; I do not want to do that.
I ask fifteen minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate can vote
now without any further debate I will not stand
in the way of this bill; but if there is any
debate at all I hope the Senator will not press it.
Mr. NYE. I do not think there will be
much debate.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senate wishes to
postpone the pending order to act on this bill,
I will not be in the way of their doing it; but
I do wish to say something on this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let us go on with
the tax bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 2045) to. reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes, is before the Senate, the
pending question being on the amendment of
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
present a petition.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The Chair
will receive it, if there be no objection.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. M0IIRILL; of Vermont, presented
additional papers in relation to the claim of
Joseph Buckland, for arrears ol pension; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
nKPOIlTS of COMMITTEES.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom v/as referred the bill
(S. No. 1027) to promote railroad communi-
