18Y0.]
appendix to the congbessional globe.
285
41st Cong .... 2d Sess.
State of Georgia—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
require a reduction, as before stated, of nearly
one per cent, in the value of their coin, as well
as a change in its standard of gold; and the
reduction in the value of the dollar of this
country would be about three and one half
per cent. If any change is to be made in the
value of coins it has always been regarded that
a reduction in weight or value was much more
easily accomplished than an increase; and the
changes heretofore in the value of coins have
been nearly all in the direction of reduction,
which must work unjustly in the large number
of contracts existing at the time of the change,
to the injury of the creditor and the benefit of
the debtor.
So great a reduction as three and a half per
cent, in the coin of this country would render
it necessary to recoin all our gold, and to pro-
vide for an adjustment in paying prior contracts
with the new coin by requiring the addition of
three and a half per cent, to the amounts to be
tendered in the new coin. Any change of
coinage so great as to require to be accounted
for involves an inconvenience in the payment
of prior contracts, and particularly in payments
of the interest and principal of public and cor-
porate debt; which inconvenience is thought
by some to be very much greater than the in-
ternational convenience arising from conform-
ity of coinage. When the value of coin is
increased the difficulty created by its enhanced
value is still greater, particularly in all the small
transactions of retail commerce, the cost of
articles being enhanced, because the price re-
mains nominally the same at the option of the
seller. The people have been accustomed to
associate the value of commodities with certain
amounts in money, and are slow to appreciate
and realize the fact of the increase in the value
of the money. In the case of a reduction the
same price implies a lower value m money.
In regard to the second consideration, "the
near approximation to existing coins," as ap-
plied to the French scheme, it can only be
considered favorable in reference to the English
and American coin, in tins respect, that the
changes of about three and a half per cent, in
the one, and of nearly one per cent, in the
other, are reductions in both cases.
The third condition, asapplied to this scheme,
can hardly be considered as complied with in
any practical sense. Thirty-one dollars weighing
fifty grams, and thirty-one sovereigns weighing
two hundred and fifty grams, cannot be said to
meet this condition, even if the metric weights
were the adopted weights of commerce in the
United States and Great Britain.
The French or franc scheme fails to meet the
convenience of Great Britain and the United
States with their present coinage; although
in regard to the near approximation to the
existing coinage of those three nations it may
be said to be as near as can be devised; and
has this advantage, that the change required
by it are reductions of value. In its relation
to the weights of commerce it has scarcely any
adaptation.
The proposition designated as the German
or dollar scheme provides for a reduction of
the dollar of the United States to the extent
of three tenths of one per cent., to make the
coin of metrical weight; the proposed dollar
to contain one and one half grams of fine gold,
three dollars consequently to weigh five grams
of standard gold, nine tenths fine. This change
of three tenths in the value of the existing gold
dollar is less than the mint tolerance now
allowed by law, one half grain for the half eagle,
and less than the present charge made for
coinage. No change would therefore be re-
quired to carry this into effect in the United
States except at the Mmt. The English sov-
ereign would require an increase of about two
and three eighths percent, of fine gold, as well
as the change in standard to nine tenths of fine
gold, to conform to this proposition ; and the
gold franc of France would, require an increase
of about three and one third per cent, of fine
gold. The German crown, known as the " ver-
ein " crown, containing ten grams of fine gold,
but which is not in general use even in Ger-
many, is the only coin at present in the world
which would absolutely correspond with this
proposed dollar; three crowns containing thirty
grams of fine gold are precisely the value of
the proposed double eagle or twenty-dollar
piece. As shown, however, by Mr. Ivelley
in his remarks on yesterday, the following coins
are all within less than one per cent, of this
proposed dollar:
" The gold crown and half crown of tho German
States (north and south) and of Austria are strictly
metrical.
" The pistole (or Frederick d'or) of Prussia and tho
pistole (August d'or) of Saxony, each coined prior to
the Vienna monetary treaty of 1857, are in excess by
about one half of one per cent, (more exactly fifty-
three hundredths of one per cent.) of four dollars of
the proposed metric standard.
"The pistole (Christian d'or) of Denmark differs less
than one per cent, from tho motric standard, being
five sixths of one per cent, below four of tho motric
dollars.
"The half imperial of Russia is only one fiftieth of
one per cent, below four dollars of the metric stand-
ard. a difference scarcely appreciable.
"The doubloon of ten escudos of Spain is about two
thirds of one per cent, above fivo metric dollars. The
doubloon do Isabel of one hundred reals, issued prior
to 1884,is in excessof fivemctricdollarsbyonly three
hundredths of one per cent.
"The William d'or (gouden Willem)of Netherlands
is in oxcess of one metric dollar by nine tenths of one
per cent."
The German or dollar scheme fails to meet
either of the essential condition in reference
to the present coinage of Great Britain. It is
objectionable for France in the second, as well
as in the first of the essential conditions.
For the United States its adoption would
cause the least change or inconvenience, and
renders it the most desirable as a scheme of
unification of coinage, if Great Britain and
France would consent to conform to it.
It will be observed that the German scheme
is not yet accepted by any nation ; and that
the " verein" or union crown of Germany is
the only existing coin in exact conformity
with it. The near approximation to its exist-
ing coinage would render it very favorable to
the United States; the difference in value
being so small as to come within the mint tol-
erance, need not be accounted for, and the
requisite changes in the mint would be scarcely
worthy of consideration. But this increase of
two and three eighths per cent, in the value
of the English coin, and of three and one-
third per cent, in the French coin, present a
serious obstacle, which is thought by many to
render it impracticable.
The special feature of the German or dollar
scheme is its conformity to the metric weight,
to the extent that three pieces, or multiples
of three pieces, may be weighed by the metric
weight of commerce; that is, three dollars would
weigh five grams, three half eagles would weigh
twenty-five grams, and three eagles would weigh
fifty grams. In France, therefore, where the
metric standard has been adopted for the
weights of commerce, the third essential con-
dition of the simple relation of the weights of
coin to the weights of commerce would be fully
met with the German or dollar scheme.
The relation of the weights of coins to the
weights of commerce, though insisted upon by
many, is the least in importance of the three
conditions that have been named as essential.
If the relation was such that the weight of a
single piece could be tested, as representing an
actual weight of commerce, it might be a con-
venience ; but the necessity of weighing at least
three pieces of coin seems to detract from its
value. It must, therefore, be of little or no
practical value unless the coin, piece fo"r piece,
represents a weight in common use for com-
mercial purposes. The conformity to com-
mercial weights may be of greater advantage
as applied to silver coin, of which a sufficient
number of pieces may be often at hand to serve
in lieu of weights.
The concurrence of Great Britain and of the
United States is the requisite antecedent to the
adoption of the French or franc schemo, and
the concurrence of Great Britain and France
is requisite to secure unification of coinage, as
presented by the German or dollar scheme.
In view of the political and commercial rela-
tions and predominance of Great Britain and
the United States, uniformity in their coinage
is of the greatest importance to those two na-
tions; and there is reason to believe that any
system that secured that conformity would be
soon adopted by Prussia, and probably by the
other nations of northern Europe.
The whole question, therefore, appears to
demand that an attempt should be made to
arrive at some agreement with Great Britain
for an international coinage, in which the na-
tions of continental Europe could be reason-
ably expected to join at no distant period.
A common coinage, if adopted, would pro-
duce great good. It would minister greatly to
human convenience. The merchant especially
would feel the change; so would the traveler;
so also would the emigrant. It will furnish
facilities that will quicken commerce, travel,
and emigration. The coinage of eacheountry
would then be cosmopolitan and enjoy uni-
versal citizenship. But this great good can-
not be accomplished without effort, without
something even of sacrifices. Old habits must
be abandoned. Prejudices must be given up.
It remains to bo seen which of the nations will
take the lead in a generous surrender to accom-
plish this desirable object.
State of Georgia.
SPEECH OK HOX. L. TRUMBULL,
OF ILUN'OrS,
In the Sexate or tiie United States,
April 19, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration tho bill
(II. R. No. lo33) to admit tho State of Georgia to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United States—
Mr. TRUMBULL said:
Mr. President : 1 am sure I shall express a
sentiment in accord with the feelings of Sen-
ators when I congratulate them upon the fact
that we are approaching the end of this Geor-
gia question; and I could not justify myself
at this late hour, and alter this protracted
debate, in occupying any considerable time
were I not impressed with the magnitude of
the question.
Some have sought to belittle it, and have
spoken of the time wasted in its discussion. The
simple question of the recognition of the State
of Georgia as entitled to representation in the
Congress of the United States would not of
itself be a question of such vast importance if
there were not connected with it the enuncia-
tion of principles of government which, in my
opinion, are dangerous to the liberties of the
people. I regard the questions under consid-
eration as the most important of any that have
been discussed during the period of my service
in the Senate. Their proper settlement is vital
to the maintenance of constitutional liberty;
and hence I trust I shall be indulged if I should
somewhat at length refer to some of the doc-
trines which have been advanced in this debate.
The Georgia question was brought to the
notice of the Senate by the passage of the bill
before us in the House of Representatives more
than a month ago ; and while the case of Geor-
gia has been pending here another State has
been thrust in before Georgia and admitted to
representation, and Georgia has been laid aside
for that and for other questions. There may
be some explanation why this was so. Why
