1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2243
in paying off the debt; suppose we reduce taxes,
and take the gigantic statements of tlie gen-
tleman as a basis, we find, what? That if we
choosc to raise §100,000,000 revenue in 1880
we should only impose a tax of $7 02 per cap-
ita on 57,000,000 people, instead of $10 now,
and 68 cents per $100 on the wealth, instead
of $1 20 now.
Unfortunately, the Onondaga giant is not
more delusive than this statement. If we really
owned $33,180,000,000 at present, it would
give to every man, woman, child, and infant
an average of §827 50—ail unheard-of aver-
age ; but it is nothing to the average we shall
be blessed with in 1880; for if we divide
882,865,000,000 into 57,000,000 people the
average would be SI,418 G8 per capita.
The gentleman figures for a more specific
selfish purpose just as wildly about salt. He
says;
" Salt, the domestic production of which has in-
creased from 12.000,000 to 20,000,000 bushels, and the
foreign diminished only about 1,500,000 under tlie
present tariff, has fallen in price by reason of domes-
tic competition to a lower point than it was in 1860
in mostot the leading markets ot the country. In
New York in 1860 foioign salt sold at 23 ccnts per
bushel in gold: to-day domestic salt is 23 cents in
currency. In Boston in I860 foreign salt sold at 25
cents in gold; to-da.y domestic salt in Boston is 28
cents in currency," &c.
The only way to answer the above is simply
by giving the following quotations, taken the
17th of March from Messrs. Woodruff & Rob-
inson, the largest salt dealers in New York :
Price of American salt in New Yurie, 1870.
Coarse diamond I1, for80 pounds, 40 cents, currency.
Common line, for 56 pounds, 35 cents, currency.
Price of foreign salt in Nea: York 1860, from actual
sales.
Turk's Island, for 75 pounds, 20i cents,
Cadiz, for 72 pounds, 22 cents.
Ijiverpool. lor 70 pounds, 22 cents.
St. Martin's, for 80 pounds, 2i ccnts.
Now, either the gentleman [Mr. McCarthy]
knows nothingof or about salt, or he knows too
much. Charitably let us hope that the former
is the fact. But 1 can tell him from authority,
that,if coarse diamond F, American, and com-
mon fine American are mixed, it then becomes
equal to Liverpool ground salt. We therefore
find that 80 poands of diamond F, and 50 pounds
of common fine, or 136 pounds of American
salt, sell in New York for 75 cents, or for 37J
cents per bushel, weighing 68 pounds, while a
bushel of Liverpool salt, weighing 2 pounds
more, or 70 pounds, sold in New York for 22
cents during the year 1860. I challenge the
gentleman to disprove these facts. The issue
lies between him and Woodruff & Robinson's
sales of salt in 1860, taken from their books.
Mr. McCARTHY. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him ?
Mr. COX. Not now. The gentleman had
better wait till I get through, when he can see
my figures in print and look at them carefully
and candidly. [ want no ad captandum debate
oti this question.
Mr. McCABTHY. As the gentleman gave
me a challenge he ought to allow me to answer.
Mr. COX. The gentleman has a right to
speak in this House equally with myself, at the
proper time.
Mr. McCARTHY. The gentleman ought not
to give me a challenge if he will not permit mo
to reply.
Mr. COX. I challenged him and his facts,
and I am fulfilling my part of the challenge.
Mr. McCARTHY. I am ready to answer
the gentleman.
Mr. COX. Thegentleman has thrown down
the glove and I have taken it up. When the
gentleman wants to renew the debate he can
do so in his own time; not now, because my
time 13 limited.
Mr. McCARTHY. Is the gentleman will-
ing that I shall answer him ?
Mr. COX. Not now. Let the gentleman
hear me through.
Mr. McCARTHY. I would like to make a
correction ot the gentleman's statement with
reference to the prices of salt.
Mr. COX, I hope the gentleman will be
courteous enough to allow me to go on with
my speech. I refer the gentleman to these
men who have given me their figures from the
books, and they are backed up by the quota-
tions in the publications of the day. I chal-
lenge the gentleman to read these facts care-
fully, and whenever he may have the floor,
make his reply. I promise that if I am wrong
I will make the proper correction.
Mr. McCARTHY. I will show the gentle-
man that he is wrong.
Mr. COX. The gentleman must, indeed,
have been imposed upon by the salt manufac-
turers, who in their own innocence supposed
that these statements would not be looked into.
But now that the frosted coating is scraped off,
every honest listener should be amazed at the
statement that American salt sella at 22 cents a
bushel in New Yorknow, when the same weight
and measure in foreign salt sold for 23 cents in
1860. These erroneous statements were made
for the sole purpose to prove that a duty of
108 per cent, on salt, far from being injurious,
has proved a blessing, as we actually get the
same measure and weight of salt now for 23
cents currency for which we paid 23 cents gold
in 1860.
The first question that rises to my mind is:
Why does the gentleman clamor for a 108 per
cent, duly if no results are obtained therefrom ?
But as he is not prepared either to answer this
question or relinquish the tariff, he has by a
strange fatality asserted that we do pay annu-
ally 6| cents per capita tax on salt.
Mr. McCARTHY. The gentleman must
allow me to correct him. I made no such
statement. If he will read my remarks 
Mr. COX. I was about to read them when
interrupted ; so that I could not have done the
gentleman injustice.
Mr. McCARTHY. Isaid, "if the consumer
paid 6| cents per capita."
Mr. COX. I will read the quotation I in-
tended, and show what virtue there is in this
"if:" '
" A great cry lias gone forth against tlie duty on
salt, and it is declared to bo a groat and onerous
burden upon tlie people. All taxes are burdens,
but that which touches the pocket least is tlie best.
We must have revenue, and salt has responded to
that demand by paying into the Treasury, m 1839,
$1,136,225, against £211,670 in 1860, nearly sixfold
increase. And how much is that burden aboutwhieh
so much noise is made by the free-traders and friends
of English and Spanish salt? As the estimated con-
sumption of salt in vasious ways by each person
yearly is about 30 pounds, and the tariff being an
average of 22 cents per 100 pounds, the cost, if the
consumer pays it, is 61 cents per year—certainly a
very light burden, and not worth much time or talk
in trying to remove it: and if removed the necessity
for revenue must inevitably bring it back in another
form."
I am sure I will not forget the gentleman's
"if." "If the consumer pays it." It is my
inference that he does pay it. All the wisdom
of the world has made it a truism. He pays it.
Mr. McCARTHY. I did not say that he
paid it.
Mr. COX. With the gentleman's permis-
sion I will say that '' your ' if' is a great peace-
maker." Touchstone has it:
" I knew when seven justices could not take up a
quarrel; but when the parties were met themselves
one of them thought but of an if—as if you said so,
then I said so, and they shook hands and swore
brothers. Much virtue in an if."
I give the gentleman the benefit of the prep-
osition, and, shaking hands, proceed.
Now, not disturbing a figure of the gentle-
man, we paid in 1869, at 6| cents per capita,
tax on salt, $2,700,000. The Government
has received from that $1,136,225, and the
gentleman's [Mr. McCarthy] salt clients
$1,563,775. This, be it remembered, is the
gentleman's own statement according to his
own figures. The gentleman calls our protest
against the salt burden the "noise of free-
traders and friends of English and Spanish
salt.'' Now, he cannot harm me by reproaches
about free trade. When I represented the West
and agriculture here, and now when I represent
the Bast and commerce, hand-maidens both of
industry, I was always proud to be accounted
among the humblest of the free-traders. The
name does not frighten me. The gentleman,
however, intimated when I threw down my glove
to him on his debate that I spoke for foreign
importers and jobbers. He delivered a blow
thqt if it were well aimed I could receive with
affection. I wish gentlemen on the other side
were not so squeamish about names. I am the
friend of any people or class who can furnish
cheap commodities to the people. I have never
been guilty here of the shameless advocacy of
a business I was directly interested in if I knew
it. The people have no advocates here but the
unpaid and fearless champions of free trade
and cheap commodities. I sought out these im-
porters, whose quotations I give, not in their
interest but in the interest of those who have
no means to combine to hire attorneys, agents,
and lobbyists. In so far as I can make trade
free for the people I am willing to be honored
as a free-trader!
Is it asked of me, " How can you be a free-
trader and favor even revenue taxation by cus-
toms?" I. answer, I will vote taxes under our
Constitution for the Government. I will, for
the present, vote such custom taxes as may be
most practically and economically collected
rather than by the internal code. I dislike the
latter; it is miserably, inquisitorially admin-
istered. But I am a free-trader, outside of my
duty to the revenue. Nor shall I be frightened
by the cry that free trade is a British trick and
system. It is as old as the thriving cities of
Holland and Venice. If it has made England
and France opulent it is because it is unself-
ish in one sense and profitable in another. It
is founded on morals and justice.
And now I will tell the House that salt, be-
sides the tariff imposts, is naturally protected
by freight over 100 per cent. Thus, the price
of Liverpool salt, ground, is from $2 68 to
$2 92; foreign coin, from 11 to 12 shillings
per ton, and freight is 15 to 20 shillings. In
Turk's Island salt is 10 cents a bushel of 75
lbs., and freight is 10 to 12 cents a bushel. In
Cadiz salt can be bought for 6 cents a bushel
of 72 lbs., but the freight is 16 cents. These
are statistical facts which I challenge the whole
race of Onondaga giants to demolish. A duty
of 108 per cent, on foreign salt is nothing short
of robbery. The gentleman may excuse it on
the ground that each individual is robbed of
only C| cents. True, it is a petty robbery
compared with the woolen robbery, which
amounts to about $1 per capita, ortbe pig-iron
robbery, which is, as I shall show, equal to
$29,000,000 annually; nevertheless it is a rob-
bery. It deserves for its paltry meanness
more contempt than the great iron and woolen
robberies. I would fight it just as soon as any
other, even if the tax did not amount to more
than 50 cents—just what Lot's wife would pay
if she came in through the custom-house, pre-
served. I would vote to admit her free and
ask no consent of the bounty-fed fishermen
of New England, or the 125,000 male adults
which the gentleman from West Virginia [Mr.
Witoher] says are engaged in making salt,
and who are engaged in making it at the ex-
pense of the 40,000,000 of consumers.
I have said that it was understood that when
the internal tax on manufactures was removed
the tariff would be removed in the same pro-
portion. How is it on salt ? I give these facts
from the records of the internal revenue depart-
ment : that on salt in the twenty-third district of
New York, represented by thegentleman, [Mr.
McCarthy,] there was paid as internal revenue
on salt alone in 1866,7^ cents per 100 pounds,
$280,897 39; in 1867, when the tax was reduced
to 3 cents per 100 pounds, $130,474 74;butsince
that time no tax has been paid, because Congress
wholly removed it. For this relief on salt the
gentleman [Mr. McCarthy] modestly asks that
this enormoustariffprotection shall be kept up!
PROTECTION NOT REVENUE.
This tariff taxation is not measured by the
amount of the revenue. If it were the dis-
cussion would have another character. Pro-
teetive tariffs Insidiously fill the pockets of the
few at the expense of the many, and the Gov-
