1300
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
nection with th« general subject which I have
been discussing, that so soon as a period shall
arrive when this Government may intervene,
without infringement of international obliga-
tions, that I shall be prepared to discharge my
whole duty to an oppressed people, and in
vindication of the right of self-government and
the claims of a progressive humanity.
The principle enunciated in the report of
the committee involves the rights of American
citizenship and the duty of this Government
when these rights are brought in question. It
is the greatest of all the national issues with
which we have to deal. It is not to be settled
by party crimination and recrimination, but
upon an enlightened interpretation of inter-
national law and the requirements of enlarged
statesmanship. There can be no more import-
ant feature connected with the progress and
success of this Government or of any Govern-
ment. If it should turn out that we have no
just cause of complaint against Great Britain
in the imprisonment of American citizens, so
much the better; but experience teaches us
that eternal vigilance is the price of liberty ;
and be the pretext what it may, be it ever so
trifling, it is better to err on the side of caution
and over-watchfulness than that the humblest
of our citizens should be made to suffer for a
single instant. England recognized this prin-
ciple in her Abyssinian expedition, and should
hardly complain of the application of the same
rule to herself where causes of complaint are
found to exist. But be this as it may, our
obligation is plain and unmistakable. The
duty of allegiance carries with it the reciprocal
duty of protection, and any apathy or indiffer
ence on the part of this Government toward
those to whom she has guarantied protection
can only result in degradation and dishonor.
The report of the committee contains nothing
to which any one ought to object. The reso-
lution is a resolution of inquiry merely com-
mitting this HouBe to no definite actiou until
the fullest light is shed upon the whole subject.
As to any concealed purpose in the report of
the committee or the resolution appended to
it the gentleman from Vermont would tax his
ingenuity in vain to make it apparent to this
House.
Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to be placed in
a false position. I am no agitator; at the same
time that I can never be induced to shrink from
the_ discharge of a high public duty, where
national issues are involved, be the conse-
quences what they may, I am not one of those
■who believe in a poliey of weakness and inde-
cision. We have a-great mission to perform,
and this Government must be true to herself.
If the Monroe doctrine has answered its day
and generation we must ascertaiu wherein it
fails to meet the demands of a progressive age.
If the law of nations is defective we must
interpolate our own principles of right and
justice and claim their recognition.
The power of this Governmentmustbefelt,
not only on this continent, but throughout the
world. With a territory stretching from ocean
to ocean, comprising within itself all the
elements of production which enter into the
estimate of national wealth and the material
power and greatness of a people; with a tide
of immigration setting in from the Old World,
startling in its magnitude and proportions;
with new States bursting into existence almost
with the rapidity of magic, and claiming repre-
sentation upon this floor as part of our common
brotherhood; with a people warlike and full
of thespiritof enterprise and adventure; with
a power of concentration by means of our
great works of internal improvement, making
us impregnable to foreign encroachment or
invasion, the American people will no longer
consent to play a subordinate part in giving
direction to the world's progress. Thefirstof
our duties in this new role is the protection of
American citizenship. It stands at the founda-
tion of all government. It is too great a prin-
ciple to be lightly regarded; -and I should look
upon it as the greatest calamity that could
befall this nation at any time and at all times,
for this 'House to show apathy or indifference
in extending protection, when demanded, to
the humblest citizen of this Republic, whether
native-born or naturalized, and from whatever
nationality.
I yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Calkin.]
Mr. CALKIN". I ask leave to have some
remarks on this subject printed in the Globe,
and I shall then yield my time to the gentle-
man from Montana, [Mr. Cavanaugh.J
There being no objection, leave was granted.
His remarks are as follows:
Mr. CALKIN. Mr. Speaker, I cannot let
this occasion pass without expressing my views,
knowing that in them I speak the feelings of
my constituents. And, sir, has not the time
arrived when we as a nation should speak out
in determined language ? American citizens
are shot down in the streets of Havana, a city
only about a day's sail from our shores ; the
people of Cuba struggling for liberty, stretch-
ing out their arms toward us, imploring our
aid; American citizens imprisoned in English
dungeons; the people of Ireland longing and
praying for liberty from the Euglish yoke; the
Hebrews of Russia being driven from their
homes on account of their religion. Sir, in
the words of Senator Carpenter, the United
States having been baptized in blood, is now
undergoing the temptation which will determ-
ine whether they are fit for the priesthood of
universal liberty—fit to become the leaders and
champions of the political rights of man.
Sir, as five years of time have been spent
and millions of money expended by our Gov-
ernment to legislate up to an equal standard
with the dominant race of this nation an in-
ferior race of men, who were thrown upon us
by the misfortunes of civil war, and as the
work is about completed, cannot we afford to
extend our sympathy, and, if necessary, our
practical aid, as a nation to the oppressed
people of Europe of o«r own blood, particu-
larly those who at this time require it at our
hands, whose race have immigrated to our land,
dwell in our midst by the hundreds of thou-
sands, and have become citizens of our country?
I allude, Mr. Speaker, to the people of Ireland,
that noble, warm-hearted, generous, patriotic
race, who by their industry have helped make
this country what it is to-day; that people who
were first to spring to arms when our nation's
life was in danger. Well do I remember, when
the Government called for men in our late
civil war, with what alacrity the gallant sixty-
ninth of New York State responded to the call.
But why prolong this thought? Every gentle-
man on this floor knows their worth as a people,
knows how long they have suffered under the
iron rule of Great Britain, how long they have
struggled for liberty; and to-day the blood of
martyred Irishmen cries " How long, yet how
long?" and all over our land hearts are sad and
sick, mourning over the deplorable state of
their own green isle, the home of their child-
hood.
And, Mr. Speaker, I have listened to gen-
tlemen on this floor who are very gracious in
their remarks toward that tyrannical, oppress-
ive, deceitful nation, Great Britain. Her em-
blem is a proper one. She is always ready
to put her lion's paw upon nations in dis-
tress. And, sir, her action toward our country
during the late civil war was certainly dishon-
orable. How ready to recognize the rebellious
States as belligerents, and to furnish them with
piratical steamers to prey upon oar commerce,
knowing by that act she would build up her
own ; also to furnish them with vessels laden
with merchandise to run our blockade and
furnish the confederate States wiih food and
clothing and munitions of war! Why, sir,
her conduct toward us during our struggle for
the preservation of our Union cost us $1,000,-
000,000 and thousauds of lives of our fathers,
sons, and brothers. We owe her no allegiance
or love. We cannot forget 1770 ; we cannot
forget 1812 ; and this nation neve, will forget
her treachery during our late civil war. We
have nothing to fear from her. We threw off
her royal yoke in 177G. We came off victorious
in 1812, and we showed to her during our late
struggle to sustain thfe Constitution and the
Union of our States that we could put down
the rebellion of several powerful Sutes of our
Uniou notwithstanding she afforded them aid
and comfort. Every intelligent man of this,
nation well remembers the liine when one ot
our vessels of war took from the deck of one
of her merchant ships two fleeing rebels.
With how much pride the nation's heart
throbbed! But afterward came the humiliat-
ing spectacle when we were obliged to return
them. Would we have done so if we could
have afforded to cross swords with old Eng-
land? No; and I ask, sir, do you or any
gentleman on this floor think she would have
demanded the return of those -men it' she had
not known we were not in a position to retuse
the demand?
But, sir, let us come back to the immediate
thought before the House—the expression of
the nation's sympathy, the expression ot' the
sentiment of the nation that England ought to
be more kind to the Irish prisoners; ougut, in
fact, to set the Irish prisoners free. Let me
ask, has not England established a precedent
for us to intercede for suffering and almost
enslaved Ireland? Years ago she troubled
herself about the bondmen of this country.
At the public meetings of her people they
denounced our institutions, they sent paid
emissaries to our land to stir up discord in our
midst, to set otie portion of our people ugaiust
the other; and when her work was completed,
when brother's hand was raised against brother,
then England in her perfidy was ready to assist
the weaker power. Yes, very willing to assist
the people of our nation who were the advo-
cates of the institution that she had decried.
Her object was apparent; she wished at heart
the dissolution of our Union. I am not one,
sir, who is so anxious to conciliate Great
Britain ; and I believe that I speak the senti-
ment of the honest masses of the people when
I say that the}' want the Administration to pre-
sent an independent front to tne Government
of Great Britain. I think, sir, a little Jack-
sonian back-bone would be beneficial to some
of the gentlemen at the other end of the avenue
who are at the head of our Government. Then
the oppressed of Cuba and of Europe would
have an occasion of great rejoicing and our
glorious nation would maintain her proper
position among the nations of the earth. And
as she has placed all men on a political equality
in her owu land, she might in the future
become instrumental in raising the fallen and
oppressed of all nations of the earth to a posi-
tion of universal liberty before God and man.
Leave was also granted to Mr. Wells to
print some remarks on the pending question.
His remarks are as follows :
Mr. WELLS. Mr. Speaker, I am obliged
to the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. SwanXJ
for the three minutes he has given me. I rise
to give my voice and vote in favor of this reso-
lution, which will but render tardy justice to
the imprisoned victims. I have not time to
eoter into the merits of this question at length,
to occupy the time of this body with elabor-
ate arguments, in defense of a much aggrieved
nation; that has been done already. It is my
purpose now simply to give expression to a
warm and heartfelt sympathy in behalf of those
people.
Sir, the history of the Irish people is one ot
unexampled devotion to church and country,
of daring courage and self-sacrificing zeal;
but not less of glowing eloquence, brilliant
wit, aud Christian charity. The bravest deeds
of the cavaliers, tinted with all the poetry ot
romance aud legendary lore, have found their
parallel in the heroism of the Irish soldier ;
and the burning eloquence and classic writings
