286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
Senate.
State of Georgia—Mr. TrwmbvM.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
was it that the State of Georgia was laid aside
and the State of Texas thrust in in advance,
and why were other questions thrust in ahead
of Georgia? Was the condition of things in
Georgia worse than in Texas? Before 1 sit
down I will endeavor to show that such was
not the fact.
Some extraordinary things have occurred hi
regard to this Georgia question. A public
meeting has been held in the city of Wash-
ington and resolutions have been passed in-
structing the Congress of the United States
liow it ought to vote in regard to the Georgia
question, and that public meeting was addressed
by a person from this body. The crowd was
harangued and told in language not very mild
"that the House of Representatives has put
on to the bill for the representation of Georgia
an atrocious amendment, known as the Bing-
ham amendment.'' An amendment that passed
the House of Representatives by a vote of 115
to 71 is denounced in the streets of Washing-
ton by a member of this body as '' atrocious.''
And whatmore? The person thus denouncing
it told the crowd further that he was "accus-
tomed during the war to reconnoiter along the
lines to find out the position of the enemy,"
and he could "say to you" (that was the
crowd) "we will strike the Bingham amend-
ment out." So it seems that Senators were
reconnoitered, and it will appear directly who
were reconnoitered. I will read from the
paper publishing the speech:
"There is little doubt tliat the Georgia case will
be adjusted by the defeat of the Eingliam amend-
ment. Three more votes have been added to the
Radical column in the Senate—one from Mississippi
and two from Texas."
it seems that the Senators from Texas and
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Ames] had
been reconnoitered, and it had been ascer-
tained how they would vote on the Bingham
amendment before they were admitted to their
seats on this floor.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Does the gen-
tleman give that as his opinion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I read from the state-
ment of the paper, and the reported speech
made by a Senator to a crowd in this city.
^ Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I answer the
Senator, if he will allow me 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I will simply
state the lact that there ia not a loyal man in
the southern States, not one, I undertake to
pay, south of the Potomac, who would not
have voted against the Bingham amendment,
whether he was approached or not—not one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Texas
assumes to know what every loyal man south
of the Potomac would do. Does not the Sen-
ator know that there are in this body Senators
from States south of the Potomac who sustain
the Bingham amendment? Does he mean to
call his associates here disloyal ? Why, sir,
the Senator from Texas must have forgotten
where he is,_ the position he occupies, and that
of his associates in this body.
Mr. CHANDLER. No loyal Senator from
the South sustains it.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. There is a southern Sen-
ator on this floor, the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Sawyer,] who has addressed the
Senate in its favor ; and does the Senator from
Michigan undertake to say that he is not a loyal
man?
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not understand
aim to say that he would vote for the Bingham
amendment.
- J^r" The Senator had better
inform himself before he makes such a declar-
ation.
So it seems, Mr. President, that certain
members of this body were reconnoitered in
advance. Do you see now any reason why
Texas was thrust in ahead of Georgia? Mr.
President, I do not know whether the Sena-
tor from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who was instru-
mental in thrusting it in, acted wittingly or
unwittingly. I suppose he acted -unwittingly,
because he is not opposed to the Bingham
amendment, as his speech shows. I apprehend,
therefore, that he acted unwittingly.
Mr. SHERMAN rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Illinois
yield to the Senator from Ohio ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend from
Illinois will allow me to say that I hope he will
not weaken his argument, as he is doing every
moment, in favor of the Bingham amendment,
by dragging in personal allusions to Senators.
I have this to say to him, that I have never
spoken to mortal man, either the Senators from
Texas or the Senator referred to from Missis-
sippi, as to how they stood on the Bingham
amendment or the Georgia bill. What I did in
regard to the Texas bill was done in a desire
to secure to the people of the United States
the fifteenth amendment, so that in all time to
comeHhat question at least should be settled
without awaiting a long and tedious debate on
the Georgia bill. I will further say, that I
sought to secure the passage of the Texas bill
simply because I believed that the bill was
freer from controverted objections or points
of controversy and debate; and that in this
way we might secure the proclamation of the
President announcing the fifteenth amendment
as adopted without awaiting this long debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I ac-
quitted the Senator from Ohio of having acted
wittingly in the matter. I have no doubt that
he acted 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like the phrase
"acted unwittingly." I did act wittingly, with
my mind fully possessed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did the Senator from
Ohio know that one ot his associates in this
body had made a speech in which he declared
that he had reconnoitered the Senate, and
that the same paper which contained the report
of that speech published the fact that these
three Senators would vote against the Bingham
amendment, when he acted 
Mr. SHERMAN. I did notknow it, and I
do notknow it now; and if I did I would not
introduce it here in this debate when the Sen-
ator possesses the floor for the closing argument
without their having an opportunity of reply.
I would not do it to anybody, especially to a
fellow-Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois has the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Ohio seems to have been disturbed.
I make no assault on him. I was merely stat-
ing a fact which appears here in the public
prints of Washington ; we know the publica-
tions that are often made in some of the news-
paper press of the city and the purposes for
which they are made. Was not the attempt
to thrust in the State of Texas in advance of
the State of Georgia preceded by the false re-
port published here and throughout the country
that the State of Virginia, through her Legisla-
ture, was about to withdraw her ratification of
the fifteenth amendment? And the moment
that the State of Texas was in did you not see
it contradicted in the very papers that published
it, and the statement made that it was a canard
made out of whole cloth ? But it had answered
its purpose. Sir, I mention these facts that
the country may know some of the reasons why
the State of Georgia has been thus delayed.
They may draw their own inferences.
Mr. President, after this long debate, this
more than a month that the present bill has
been pending, let us, if possible, bring the
Senate back to the subject under consideration.
The House of Representatives passed a bill
early in the month of March recognizing the
State of Georgia as entitled to representation
in> Congress. That bill is a copy of the bills
which were passed admitting Virginia and
Mississippi to representation, excepting that
it contains what is known as the Bingham
amendment, which is a provision that the
Legislature of Georgia shall not be prolonged
beyond the time for which it was elected ac-
cording to its constitution, and that an election
shall be held in Georgia next fall in pursuance
of the constitution of that State.
It would seem that there should be no occa-
sion for any such amendment. Why was it
put on? If the constitution of Georgia requires
an election to be held in November next and
a new Legislature to be chosen then, what ne-
cessity for saying so in an act of Congress?
There would seem to be none, and I confess I
should have been satisfied with the Georgia bill
without any such provision but for certain out-
side facts. There ought to be no occasion for
it, and would be none but for the fact that we
were notified in advance that those holding
authority in the State of Georgia, her Governor
and her Legislature, intended- to perpetuate
themselves in power for two years longer than
the terms for which they were elected. The
Governor came before the committee haviug
this bill in charge and made known that that
was his intention. The Legislature of the State
took official action showing that to be its inten-
tion. Under the Constitution and under the
law of Congress providing for the election of
United States Senators it is made the duty of
the Legislature which is elected next preced-
ing the expiration of the term of service of any
member of this body to elect his successor.
Under the constitution of Georgia a Legisla-
ture would be elected in the fall of 1870. The
term of service of one of the Senators-elcct
from the State of Georgia expires on the 3d of
March, 1871, and of course his successor, under
the act of Congress, should be elected by the
Legislature to be chosen in the fall of 1870.
But the Legislature chosen in April, 1868, ami
whose term of office will expire before the va-
cancy happens, this Legislature elected in 1868
has not only elected two Senators to fill the
existing vacancies from the State of Georgia,
but it has assumed to elect a third Senator,
whose term of service is to commence on the
4th of March, 1871, thereby usurping the power
that belongs to its successor, and giving us
notice that it intends to perpetuate itseli' for
two years longer.
The object of the Bingham amendment was,
therefore, to compel an election, in accordance
with the constitution of Georgia, next fall, and
prevent this usurpation for two years; and it
was a wise provision in that respect. It was
wise because unless some such provision as
that is adopted we are in great danger of civil
war in Georgia. Is it to be expected that that
people who elected a Legislature for two years
in 1868 will be content that that Legislature
shall continue in power until 1872? And if
Congress take no action is there not great dan-
ger that the pSople next fall under their con-
stitution, as they have a right to do, will assem-
ble and elect another Legislature ? And then
you will have a conflict in the State of Georgia,
and a civil war perhaps may grow out of it.
This country has had enough of bloodshed and
enough of civil war to make us all desire to
do everything in our power that we honorably
can to avoid it. Hence 1 say tne provision
known as the Bingham amendment was a wise
provision to prevent that state of things occur-
ring in that State.
In my opinion it is a matter of as clear dem-
onstration as any legal proposition can be that
the Legislature of Georgia has no authority
whatever to prolong its term beyond the period
which I have stated, which expires on the sec-
ond Wednesday of January next. The pre-
tenses for doing so are two. The first is that
