1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
41st Cong....2d Sess.
State of Georgia—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
the term of office of the members of the Legis-
lature does not commence until the State of
Georgia is actually represented in the Congress
of the United States, and the other is that under
the constitution of Georgia the Legislature has
a right by changing the time of the election to
perpetuate itself in power indefinitely. Now,
I propose to show that both these propositions
are utterly unsound.
Whether the Legislature commences its term
of service now or after the State is admitted to
representation, or whether it commenced its
term of service in 1868, is to be determined by
the ordinance and the constitution under which
that Legislature was elected, met, and organ-
ized. I have already stated that the election
took place in April, 1868, and now I will read
from the ordinance attached to the constitution
under which that Legislature wa3 elected:
"An ordinance toprovidcfor election of civil officers.
" Whereas all civil officers of the State are only pro-
visional until this State is represented in Congress;
and whereas the interest of Georgiarequires that all
civil offices should be filled by loyal citizens, accord-
ing to the provisions of the constitution being framed
by this convention, at the earliest practicable mo-
ment, and for the purpose of avoiding any unneces-
sary loss of time and useless expense to the State :
" It is ordained. That an election beheld, beginning
o-n the 20tli day of April, 1808, (at such places as may
be designated by the commanding genoral of this
district,) for voting on ratification of the constitution,
for the election of Governor, members of the Gen-
oral Assembly, Representatives to the Congress of the
United States, and all other officers to bo elected,
as provided in the constitutionK * * *
"and the persons so elected or appointed shall enter
upon the duties of the several offices to which they
have been respectively elected, when authorized so
to do by acts of Congress, or by the order of the
general commanding, and shall continue in office till
the regular succession provided for after the year
1868. and until successors are elected and qualified ;
so that said officers shall, each of them, hold their
offices as though they were elected on the Tuesday
after the first Monday in November. 1868, or elected
or appointed, by the General Assembly next there-
after."
That is as clear as language can make it.
The persons elected or appointed are to enter
upon the terms of their offices u when author-
ized so to do by acts of Congress or by the
order of the general commanding." Now, if
I read to you an act of Congress authorizing
them to enter upon the discharge of their duties
at a certain time, and then read to you the
order of the general commanding authorizing
them to enter on the discharge of the duties
of their offices at a certain time, have I not
fixed absolutely the point of time when their
terms of office began? Will anybody deny that?
Let me repeat it. The ordinance says the
officers elected shall "enter on the duties of
the several offices to which they have been re-
spectively elected when authorized so to do by
acts of -Congress or by the order of the general
commanding." Now, let us see what the act
of Congress is. This Legislature, mark you,
was elected in April, 1868. On the 25th ot
June, 1868, the Congress of the United States
passed this law:
"An act to admit the States of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida to representation in Congress.
"Whereas tho people of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
have m pursuance of the provisions of an acts enti-
tled 'An act for the more efficient government of the
rebel States,' passed March 2,1867,.and the act sup-
plementary thereto, framed constitutions of State
government which are republican, and have adopted
said constitutions by large majorities of the votes
cast at theelcctions held for theratiflcation or rejec-
tion of the same: Therefore,
" De it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That each of the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
shall be entitled and admitted to representation m
Congress as a State of the Union when the Legisla-
ture of such State shall have duly ratified the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States pro-
posed by tho Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as
article fourteen.''
And when the State of Georgia also by her
Legislature shall have agreed to strike from
her constitution certain clauses which were in
violation of the Constitution of the United
States, clauses impairing the obligation of
contracts.
Now, sir, we have that act of Congress.
When were these persons by this act to enter
upon the discharge of their duties?
"And thereupon"—
That is, when the Legislature of Georgia
shall have ratified the fourteenth amendment,
and shall have stricken from the constitution
the clauses impairing the obligation of con-
tracts—
"And thereupon the officers of each State duly
elected and qualified under the constitution thereof
shall be inaugurated without delay."
The ordinance said they were to be inau-
gurated when authorized by act of Congress.
The act of Congress said they should be inau-
gurated '' without delay'' when the Legislature
ratified the fourteenth amendment and struck
certain clauses from the constitution. Now,
let us see if those conditions have been com-
plied with.
IIeadquartkrs Third Military District,
Atlanta, Georgia, July 21,1868.
General U. S. Grant, Washington, X>. C:
Both houses of the Legislature of Georgia having
examined into and decided upon tho qualifications
of their respective members, under the fourteenth
article constitutional amendment, I yesterday in-
structed the provisional governor to communicate
to each house that X considered their organization
legal, and withdrew any opposition to their pro-
ceeding to the business which called them together.
To-day both houses, by decided majorities, havo
passed the constitutional amendment known as arti-
cle fourteen, and will, without doubt, at once other-
wise comply with the requisition of the act of June
25, 1808.
GEORGE G. MEADE,
Major General.
The next day is another order:
Headquarters Third Military Disraicr,
Atlanta, Georgia, July 22,1868.
General U. S. Grant, Washington, I). C.:
Yesterday the Governor-elect of Georgia notified
me officially that both houses of the General Assem-
bly of Georgia had by solemn act complied with the
requisitions of the act of Congress which became a
law Juno 25, 1868; and to-day I have witnessed the
inauguration of the Governor-elect. The State of
Georgia is therefore, under the acts of Congress, en-
titled to represenation. The official documents will
be carried to-day by Brevet Brigadier General It.
C. Drum, sont to Washington for this purpose.
GEOllGE G.MEADE,
M'tjor General United States Army.
Then comes an order issued at Washington
city by General Grant himself, dated the 28th
of July, 1868 ;
[General Orders, No. 5-5.]
Headquarters op the Army,
Adjutant Genikial's Office,
Washington, July 28,1868.
The following orders from tho War Department,
which have been approved by tho President, are
published for the information and government of
the Army and of all concerned:
The commanding generals of the second, third,
fourth, and fifth military districts having officially
reported that the States of Arkansas, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama,
and Florida have fully complied with the acts of
Congress known as the reconstruction act*, includ-
ing the act passed Jun« 22,1868, entitled "An act to
admit the State of Arkansas to representation in
Congress;" and the act passed June 25,1808, entitled
"An act to admit tho States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, andi'lorida
to representation in Congress;" and that, conse-
quently, so much of the act of March 2,1807, and the
acts supplementary thereto, as provided for the or-
ganization of military districts, subject to the mili-
tary authority of tho United States as therein pro-
vided, has become inoperative in siud States; and
that the commanding generals have ceased to exer-
cise in said States the military powers conferred by
said acts of Congress; therefore thelollowmg changes
will be mad© in tho organization and command of
military districts and geographical departments:
ti- * - 4 x -y * * - *
By command ol General Grant:
E. D. TOWNSEXD,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Official:
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Now, Mr. President, could a ease be more
perfect ? The officers in the State of Georgia
were to enter upon the discharge of their
duties "when authorized so to do by act of
Congress." The act of Congress, passed as
I have already stated on the 25th of June,
1868, directed that they should enter upon the
discharge of their duties immediately upon the
ratification of the fourteenth amendment and
the striking of certain clauses from the con-
stitution. The orders of Major General Meade
issued on the 21st and 22d days of July, state
that the Legislature of Georgia has fully com-
plied. The order from the Headquarters of
the Army, dated the 28th of July, and signed
by General Grant, abolishing the military dis-
tricts, states that the State of Georgia is fully
recognized as entitled to representation. Now,
I want to know when those officers entered
upon the discharge of their duties, if not when
they were inaugurated and commenced the
discharge of their duties? Is there any escape
from this?
But it is said they are provisional officers.
What says General Grant?
IIeadquartkrs. Wak Department,
Washington, D. C., April29,1868.
Major General George G. Meade,
Commanding Third Military District:
I havo carefully read your letter of 10 th April and
its inclosures. I seo nothing in them to change my
opinion as expressed to you in my dispatch of March
2.1868.
The officers clected under the new constitution of
Georgia are not officers of the provisional govern-
ment referred to in tho reconstruction acts, nor arc
they officers elected under any so-called State au-
thority, and are nut therefore required to take the
oath prescribed in section nine, act of July 19,1867.
The eligibility to hold office must be determined by
the now constitution and the amendmentto the Con-
stitution of tho United States, designated as article
fourteen. U. S. GRANT, General.
Now, sir, is not the case perfect? Why, sir,
it is perfect in both its branches. According
to the ordinance you will observe:
"The officers elected shall enter on the duties of
the several offices to which they have been respect-
ively elected when authorized so to do by acts of Con-
gress—"
1 have shown that—
" or by the ordor of the general commanding."
Have we not both? We have got the act of
Congress, we have the order of General Meade,
commanding the third military district, and
still there arc gentlemen in the Senate who
insist that these persons have not entered on
the discharge of their duties yet, and will not
do so until Georgia is represented in both
branches of Congress 1 I trust, sir, I have said
enough upon that branch of the argument.
Now, what is the other? The other is that
although it may be true that the Legislature
of Georgia entered upon the discharge of its
duties in July. 1868, as stated by General Meade
and General Grant, and in pursuance of law,
yet. according to the provisions of the consti-
tution of the State of Georgia, it has a right
lo perpetuate its power. Let us see how that
is. Before I read the clause of the constitu-
tion under which this pretense is set up let me
call the attention of Senators to a familiar rule
of construction recognized by every lawyer and
by every man of sound sense, lawyer or not,
which is that in construing an instrument you
are to give effect to the purpose for which the
instrument is fiained, to carry out the intent
of the parties. Tt is to be supposed that the
I people of Georgia were forming a republican
| form of government. The act of Congress of
! June 25. 1808, says in so many words that the
constitution of Georgia is republican in form.
I submit, would it be a constitution republican
in form which authorizes a Legislature once
elected indefinitely to perpetuate itself? Surely
such a construction is not to be put upon the
instrument if it is susceptible of any other.
Now, holding this great cardinal principle
of construction in view, let us look and see
what the constitution is. I read the clauses
that relate to this subject:
"The eleciion of Governor, members of Congress,
and of the General Assembly, atter the year 181*8
