3190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
tion of the country—I hope the chairatan of
the committee will pardon me for using that
phrase—which enters not only into the con-
sumption of particular localities and particular
classes, but into general consumption. The
duty on this class of steel is raised 1 cent per
pound or $22 40 per ton. I have made a care-
ful calculation ol the effect of this increase. I
Gnd that a duty of 3 J- cents is absolutely an in-
crease of duty upon these other classes, while
it largely increases the duty upon the class of
steel most needed. Now, if there is a neces-
sity for a uniform valuation upon steel, I sub-
mit that the duty should be 2£ cents, and no
higher.
I saw only a few days ago a letter written by
a large consumerof the cheapest class of steel,
showing that under the existing law our own
manufacturers at a duty of 2 J cents can under-
bid and undersell foreign manufacturers in this
lower class of steel. Now, I submit that be-
cause of the lack of a proper discharge of duty
upon the part of our consuls, or the want of
proper official vigilance on the part of our cus-
tom-house officers—difficulties which can easily
be cured—we should not undertake to increase
the duty on this lower class of steel by an addi-
tion of 33 per cent. If this classification is to
remain the duty ought certainly to be not higher
than cents, as I propose.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I ask the
committee to note one fact. The gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] says that in the lower
grade of steel we can compete successfully with
England.
Mr. ALLISON. And on the higher classes
we absolutely drive the foreign manufacturers
out of the market.
Mr. KELLEY. Now I ask attention to
another fact. I have before me the report
of imports for the year 1868, as furnished by
the Treasury Department. During that year
we imported, according to this report, about
30,000,000 pounds of steel. The duty on steel
worth less than 7 cents per pound was 2J
cents per pound; on steel worth more than
7 cents per pound, but less than 11 cents the
duty was 3 cents; and on steel worth more
than 11 cents per pound the duty was 3} cents
per pound and 19 per cent, ad valorem.
Now, if we can drive the foreign manufac-
turer ont of our market in the lower class of
steel, then this whole importation was fraudu-
lent and upon undervaluation; for out of
30,000,000 ponnds more than 19,500,000 were
imported as steel worth less than 7 cents per
pound; 9,000,000 more were imported as steel
worth less than 11 cents; and there was im-
ported less than 1,000,000 of the kind with
which we cannot compete—'the kind paying3J
cents per pound and 10 per cent, ad valorem.
That is, two thirds of the quantity which we
import are of that kind which, according to the
gentleman from Iowa, we can drive out of our
market; and one thirtieth is of the kind with
which we cannot fairly compete.
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman does not
mean to misrepresent me ?
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir.
Mr. ALLISON. I say that we can compete
with the English manufacturer in the produc-
tion of these lower classes of steel, and that
the reports show that of the higher classes
none is being imported; we have the control
of the market.
Mr. KELLEY. On the contrary the report,
shows, and the Sheffield manufacturers admit,
that they have been defrauding us; and the
house of Thomas Firth & Sons has written
to our Treasury Department asking that we
adopt a system of specific duties so that honest
men in Sheffield may compete with their neigh-
bors who resort to undervaluation. As I stated
yesterday, a Prussian house asks for specific
duties in order to give them a share of our
market against British perjury and undervalu-
ation. As the gentleman knows, the Sheffield
men have recently yieWtid to the pew eystem
of appraisement and valuation. I hold in my
hand a copy of the Sheffield and Rotherham
Independent of April 2, 1870, which states:
" In pursuance of an arrangement come to for a
settlement of the controversy between our Bteel
manufacturers"—
. That is, the Sheffield manufacturers—
"and the custom-house authorities in America, the
shipment of steel has already been returned, gome
of our principal manufacturers have sent off large
quantities during the week: and all the available
freightage of vessels that sail from Liverpool for
some days to come has been taken up. The American
gentlemen who have been here forsome weeks assist-
ing to bring about a settlement of the dispute left
town yesterday, and will take their departure frotfl
Liverpool this morning."
Sir, the honest duty will be paid under this
arrangement on nearly 10,000,000 pounds annu-
ally, instead of on but 1,000,000, and without
that duty they can compete with our manufac-
turers and drive us from the market. In this
connection, Mr. Chairman, I ask to send to
the reporter a letter written by a New York
agent, and which appears in the Sheffield Tele-
graph of March 14, 1870, showing how the
Sheffield steel manufacturers expect to break
up our steel manufacture in America. I append
the letter as a portion of my remarks:
[From the Sheffield Daily Telegraph, March 14,1870.]
the steel difficulty op the united states.
To the Editor of the Sheffield Daily Telegraph :
Sir: If the following extracts from a letter which
I have received from a correspondent in New York
are likely in your judgment to interest your readers
they are at your service. I am not at liberty to dis-
close the name of my correspondent, but he is a gen-
tleman of great experience in the matters which he
treats of.
Yours, truly, W. SMITH.
8 Campo Lane, Sheffield, 12th March, 1870.
New Yobk, February 10,1870.
Dear Sib: There probably never was a time when
the merchants and manufacturers of Sheffield doing
business with the United States were surrounded
with more difficulties than at present. It is only
right that therestoftheirfellow-traders, and through
them the town should know what these difficulties
are. and how wofully they are arresting the progress
of the trade With America. It is not too much to say
that at the present time the whole commerce between
Sheffield and the United States rests under a cloud
of grave suspicion. Whether with or without just
cause, it cannot be denied that the Radical heads of
the Departments in Washington have imbibed and
are acting upon the belief that Democratic New
York and Sheffield are in one grand "ring" to rob
the Government of a portion of its dues. Now it not
only behooves the traders of Sheffield to know this,
but it is the solemn duty of those implicated to clear
themselves of these suspicions, and restore the town
to that high position which thus far she has most
justly deserved and maintained.
The opinion has been very freely expressed,
both hero and in Sheffield, that these embarrass-
ments are caused by the instigations of American
manufacturers chiefly. It is very obviously the in-
terest of these gentlemen to load Sheffield houses
with all the duties and hinderances they cau. espe-
cially as the Bigns of the times hare marked so many
of them for destruction. The doom of the present
monopolist tariff has been most authentically pro-
nounced. On a test vote in the House of Represent-
atives between free trade and monopoly, in which
each man did not vote as a party man> a majority
of twelve only was found against free trade. The
Democratic party, pledged to tree trade as their elec-
tion cry, boast that they can qu&sh that majority in
the November elections, and all parties admit that
what with the emphatic denunciation of monopolies
out West, the access of the votes of reconstructed
State Senators and Representatives, all anti-tariff
men, and the bickering among monoj>olists them-
selves, this session has seen the final effort of pro-
tection in Congress with any hope of success, and
that in future sessions, bit by bit. or at one grand
ugly rush, the whole system will be swept away.
With gold declining, their protection in danger, and
foreign manufacturers rich, skilled, and ready to rush
in at tho first opening, is it to bo wondered at that
the American manufacturers, with assets composed,
in many cases, of plant and building, paid for when
it required $13 inpaper instead of $6 to buy one in
gold—is it surprising, I say, that these gentlemen are
not unhappy if Sheffielders not in trouble?
If gold goes to par, and the tariff of 18ti0 is rec'n-
acted, there are very few manufacturing concerns in
this country that could avoid practical breaking up.
It might go underanother name, but that is the real
one. And though part of the trouble may have come
from the American manufacturers, it has only been
part. As u rule they have been too confident of the
continuance of protection; toooblivious of the rising
popular tide on that point; too blind to the course
of gold, and too anxious, as Adam Smith said long
ago, to eat each other up, to concoct any bhcu
schemes. In a vast nm b«r of cases eight ye r? of
monopoly have ended in the accumulation of no
money. It has gone, when made, in new works, com-
petition, extravagant expenses, and wild schemes, so
that when the new day dawns Sheffield manufactur-
ers will not have Wealthy corporations to meet as
once was feared. The efforts of manufacturers here
have mainly been turned to overturning the tariff.
! [Here follow some forcible remarks on the "steel
difficulty." In the present state of circumstances it
is perhaps better to omit them.]
Whila the firms in the steel trade are having
their special trouble the houses engaged in tho iia-
. portation of tabic and pocket cutlery to their own
stores in this city have since the first of the year
I been in difficulty. The Treasury Department has
I for some time past been inundated wilh warnings
j that goods were being sold so low here as to argne
! thd evasion of jOst duties on the part of some if not
I all importers. People here again were disposed to
II credit native manufacturers with being the first
I movers in the matter; but that is not very clear nor
E1 robable. Itistheirdirectinterestdoubtless to ern-
arra.-s all the operations of importers; but in this
II case it is not plain that the hindcrance of business,
or even the imposition of more duties, would cause
! the substitution of their goods for those of the Shef-
I field houses. The goods are of wholly different
|| grades, and Compete Only indirectly. It is more
! probable that tho severe fall of prices in Sheffield
j| was only partially known to the appraisers and
i' those who set them at work. It is not to be denied
i' cither that there are a few, very few, people in the
| trade who need watching. The result, however, is
| temporarily a great hindcrance to business at a crit-
l| ical part of the season, and it will affect orders most
materially. Eveybody's goods, suspected or above
j suspicion, are seized, opened out, appraised, and
I advanced sometimes 20 per cent. The owner then
j! has to call for reappraisement by competent mer-
I chants, involving delay, expense, and a sad mauling
ef the goods.
Thus far these reappraisements have not sustained
the appraisement, and the result has been a victory
for the importer. When three or four competent
merchants each fef himself value a miscellaneous
invoice of medium and common Sheffield table and
! pocket cutlery, purchased probably from a hundred
II different makers, and come within 5 or 71 per cent.
: | of the aotual invoice certificate (as has been the
! case) it is plain to any man who understands tho
{ business that the owner of the goods intended no
! fraud and that he proposed to pay all the duty due
;j by law. The table and pocket cutlery now coming
'[ from Sheffield is outside of competition from Ameri-
i can makers to a great extent. The competition in
I pocket cutlery, indeed, never was, even when gold
II was at its highest, a formidable deduction from the
trade of Sheffield, and now that gold is getting
I1 toward par it will be more and more difficult for
j native companies to make money. It is enormous
!| protection, depreciated currency, machinery, ingen-
l| ious and effective, and national prejudice against
!j abundance of highly skilled hand labor, established
' names and reputation, and completely organized
I esta blishments, backed by abundant means,
i If Sheffield manufacturers, especially the smaller
and more unknown sort, could be persuaded to adopt
the machinery and methods in use here they might
defy all the other conditions put together. Sober,
thrifty men, working with Yankee machinery at
homo, would distance any foreigner. Why come
abroad to do, alter infinite pains, what can be us well
dono in Sheffield ? As regards table knives, the
American makersmonopolizeall butaveryfew lead-
ing goods, and the trade can be recovered in no other
way than by making the same goods in the same
way in Sheffield as here. It is of no avail to hear it
averred that the American manufacturers have been
losing money for three years and that many are in
hard straits. They go on and absolutely monopolize
the trade. It is of more use to know that with gold
at or under 20 per cent. Sheffield goods are very,
very much cheaper than American; and that if the
Sheffield quality can be improved and the price of
gold kept down the day has come in whioh the Shef-
field makers have a chance. But the efforts are so
desultory, and the margin is so small, and the pro-
duction so limited, that for the present the trade is
lost. The American manufacturers do not attempt
any advance of duty on finished goods in the new
tariff. They aim at puiting all hard woods, ivory,
and other materials on the free list, thus getting rid
ofalOper cent, duty on material. This will offset
the fall in gold somewhat, especially in table cut-
lery, and is another block to any advance in Shef-
field.
The last difficulty under which Sheffield house!
now labor, and which I shall name, is one in the dis-
sipation of which this letter may be useful. The table-
knife manufacturing concern of Lawson & Good now
claim to be the owners of the patent for making
"shell-bolster" table knives and forks, acquired in
1866, through one of their partners, William Gardi-
ner. Forsome time this right has been contested by
the equally powerful concern in the same trade, J.
Russell & Co. It is now said that the last-naiued nrui,
finding it impossible to impeach the patent, h->vo
compromised the suit with the Lawson ,v Good Man-
ufacturing Company, and have paid $25,000 as dam -
, ages for goods made on which no royalty was paid,
i During the past few weeks notices of applications
j. for injunctions have oeen Served on several ^lief-
field bouses, and damages have been laid at lrom
; ¥10,000 to $50,000 each. Under this patent the Law-
son & Good Manufacturing Company claim all boi-
1 sters pinned on the blade, not apparently discrim-
i in a ting betwten those whioh do and do not partly
