5078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
did to tax the salaries of men fixed by law,
taking from them so many hundred dollars,
after they had entered upon the perform-
ance of their duties ? Those taxes were not
in existence at the time they took the service.
Where is the difference between taxing this
property by an income tax, and how does it
benefit the proposition he makes, whether yon
include other property with it or make it stand
by itself?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is very easy to answer
that question, if I have the time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator's five minutes have expired.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want the time
extended except to answer the question of my
friend from Delaware, which I can do with the
utmost ease.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can proceed by unauimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not ask it, because
I want to stick to the rule and to keep up to it.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say to my friend
from Vermont that if he desires to speak I do
not object in the slightest degree.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; I do not think
it right that I should.
Mr. THURMAN. I defy human ingenuity
to point out one particle of difference in prin-
ciple between the income tax and the tax pro-
posed by the Senator from Delaware. It is
impossible to do it. If the proposition of the
Senator from Delaware is repudiation, the in-
come tax was repudiation. Did not the income
tax compel every bondholder in the United
States to pay a tax of five per cent, upon his
income derived from these bonds, unless,
indeed, his income did not amount to the
minimum sum? Does not everybody know
tliat? How, then, can the Senator stand up
here and say it is repudiation in the Senator
from Delaware t-o make a proposition which
is effectual, which admits of' no fraud, which
prevents people from cheating the revenue by
withholding the tax at the time the income tax
is paid, instead of leaving it, as the income tax
did, subject to all the frauds and deceptions
that were practiced under that law?
Now, sir, there is no repudiation at all in this
proposition. The Government of the United
States has never promised that it would not tax
these bonds. The only difference between the
income tax and the tax proposed by the Sen-
ator from Delaware is this, apart from the fact
to which I have alluded: that the tax proposed
by the Senator from Delaware is one that can
certainly be collected, because the tax is with-
held at the Treasury. The only difference
between that and the income tax law is this:
that under the proposition of the Senator from
Delaware you get five per cent, on the entire
interest upon these bonds, whether the bonds
are held abroad or held at home; while under
the income tax you taxed only your own bond-
holders, people in the United States who
owned bonds, and you let everybody who held
them abroad go free from any contribution
whatsoever. The Senator from Vermont says
this is an extraordinary proposition, such as
Jias never been heard of before. Why, sir, he
"has heard of the income tax.
But that is not all. In State after State, in
my own State among the rest, the constitution
requires that all property shall be taxed; and
under the constitution of Ohio a holder of the
State debt of Ohio pays just as much tax as a
wan owning so much real estate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend in
what form it is taxed?
Mr. THURMAN. He is obliged to return
it, and it pays in my city $2 40 on the $100.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As part of his property ?
Mr. THURMAN. As part ofliis property.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The constitution was so
before the debt was incurred. I suppose you
had a constitution before you ran into debt?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not see the perti-
nency of the question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it
answered, whether pertinent or not.
Mr. THURMAN. We have always had a
constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And always had a debt,
too?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; and I hope to
see the time when we shall have none. So it
is with State after State. Does not England
tax her debt? Does she not tax it in the form
of income tax? Every country in the world,
perhaps, in some form or other taxes the prop-
erty which consists in Government stocks.
There is nothing, then, either contrary to the
usage of the Government or contrary to the
plighted faith of the nation in this proposed
tax. There is not a word of repudiation in it.
Again, the Senator from Vermont says it is
unconstitutional because it is a direct tax, as
I understood him. If that is the case, I want
to know how in the world he came to vote for
the income tax or to support the income tax.
If this is a direct tax, then the income tax was
a direct tax, and was unconstitutional, because
then it ought to have been levied according to
the representation of the different States. No,
sir; this is not a direct tax, according at least to
all thatwe have in the way of judicial interpreta-
tion of that clause in the Federal Sonstitution.
I say, then, Mr. President, there is no con-
stitutional objection to this amendment; it is
no violation of any contract made by the Gov-
ernment, for we have never stipulated that we
would not tax these bonds; it is no violation
of good faith 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator lias spoken five minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. Let me finish the sen-
tence and I have done; and no man can deny
that it is just that this property should contrib-
ute its proper proportion in the burdens of the
Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I deny it.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is an effort made to
make a discriminating property tax or income
tax against the bonds of the United States. It
is to the honor of this country that never since
its formation until within the last year or two
has such a proposition been made in the Con-
gress of the United States.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not in my five minutes.
After I am through I shall be willing to hear
the question. I cannot yield at present.
I repeal, it is to the honor of the people of
this country that never from the foundation
of the Government until within the last three
or four years has such a proposition been made,
and yet the Government of the United States
lias been constantly in debt. There was the
debt of the Revolution, the debt of the war of
1812, which rested upon our ancestors more
severely than this debt now rests upon us, and
yet no man in that day, of any party or any
creed, proposed to make a discriminating tax
against the debt of the United States.
The United States debt is a part of the prop-
erty of the private citizens of this country and
of Europe, and we have the right to levy upon
the income derived from Government securi-
ties the same tax that we levy upon other
incomes, but no more. We have no right to
levy more under the plain provision of the Con-
stitution, which declares that all taxes shall
be uniform. Why, sir, if we may tax the in-
come derived from the bonds five per cent., we
may tax it ten per cent., or twenty per cent.,
or thirty per cent., and we may repudiate the
whole interest. If we can levy a discriminat-
ing tax against a certain income, we may im-
pose a tax of five per cent, or ten per cent, on
the income derived from shipping, and thus
destroy all the shipping interest in this coun-
try. If we may levy a discriminating income
tax we can levy a tax on the production of
cotton, and thus arrest and destroy the pro-
duction of cotton in this countiy.
Sir, this is a political dogma under pretense
of taxing thebonds of the UnitedStates simply
to strike at the public credit. A vote for such
a proposition as this in the Senateof the United
States by any considerable number of Senators
outside of the Democratic party would utterly
prevent the funding of the public debt, would
prevent any foreigner from dealing with us at
all under circumstances which would lead him
to trust to the public faith. I know that such
a proposition as this has been made on the
stump.
Now, sir, if you propose an equal tax upon
the income derived from Government bonds
with that assessed on income derived from
other sources that is all right. It is asserted
that this proposition is justified by the tax that
has been levied on corporations. There is no
ground or reason for such an assertion. The
tax is not levied upon the corporation, or tha
income of the corporation, but it is a mode of
levying an income tax upon individuals ; and
you have now repealed that tax, so far as the
Senate is concerned. You have no right now
to discriminate between the income from cor-
porations, and the income from bonds, and the
income from any form of securities whatever.
If you once place that power in the hands of
a majority of Congress you place it in the
power of a majority of Congress to destroy any
interest whatever that they may antagonize.
Mr. THURMAN. Take away all a man's
farm, I suppose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; if this doctrine
was established the Republican party might
have destroyed the profit of slave labor by tax-
ation, and by that process have destroyed
slavery itself. Why, sir, you can destroy any
interest whatever if you have the power to make
a discriminating tax against the income derived
from that employment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator has spoken five miuutes.
Mr. DAVIS. I am amazed that gentlemen
who are chin-deep in repudiation should be so
horror-struck with the idea that a tax upon the
produce of these bonds is also repudiation. Sir,
is not the Congress of the United States repu-
diating daily? Is there not a constitutional
provision that private property shall not be
taken for public use without just compensation
made? Where is there an instance of any one
of the many bills that have been reported
from the Committee on Claims in favor of the
payment of the value of property of loyal citi-
zens taken for public use being fairly and hon-
estly met by Congress, and paid? Look at the
Sue Murphey ease; look at the scores of cases
that are now on the Calendar of the Senate and
that have been reported from the Committee
on Claims, where cotton or other property has
been taken by the Government from loyal citi-
zens adhering to the Government, and main-
taining the war to suppress the rebellion, and
yet which you have persistently refused to pay.
Sir, this is only one phase of repudiation by
Congress. I have adverted often to another,
and i shall do so as often as the occasion comes
up for me to advert to it. You passed a
solemn act of Congress that you would pay to
the owners of slaves $800 for every able-bodied
slave that might be recruited in the Army.
You stand indebted to the State of Kentucky
more than ten million dollars on that account,
and to the State of Maryland in a large sum,
and to the State of Delaware, and other States.
That is your solemn legislation upon your
record. Gentlemen here who are expressing
grief and personal pain for the honor and credit
of the Government because of this proposition
have, withoutany compunction whatever, delib-
erately repudiated that obligation to pay for
those slaves.
Sir, we had one or two sections passed in
appropriation biils relative to the payment of
such claims to the loyal owners of.slaves who
enlisted in the Army of the United States.
You introduced a proposition to suspend that
payment, and voted for it. Not satisfied with
