4134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
States courts, upon proof oftheirhavingadopted
the habits of white men, and so on. I can see
no objection to it at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly I have
no objection to that general object.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the object, and I
think it meets the approbation of the people
among whom these Indians are settled.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But such a prop-
osition the Senator will see has no special rela-
tion to the appropriation-bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at all. It does not
affect the apprepriationsin the slightest degree.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion' is on the adoption of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 should like now to return
to the amendments of the Committee on Indian
Affairs that have been passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The Clerk
•will report the amendments of the Committee
on Indian Affairs which have been passed over
in their order.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment
passed over, which was to insert on page 20,
after line four hundred and sixty-iiine, the
following clause:
For this amount, belonging to certain Creek res-
crvcos, under the treaty of 1832, withheld from them,
and in the hands of the late Creek agent, W. H. Gar-
rett, at tho timo of his death, to bo paid to said
reservecs or to their heirs, under the direction of tho
Secretary of tho Interior, and if said claimants can-
not be identified, then to be paid to the authorities
of the Creek nation for national purposes, $050.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment was objected to as being out of order,
and it was decided by the Presiding Officer not
to be in order, and an appeal was taken from
that decision.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to make a
statement in regard to it. A reference was
made to the treaty of 1832 when the amend-
ment was up before, and it was thought from a
perusal of the text of the treaty that the amend-
ment had no connection with it whatever ; but
it will be seen by an examination of the treaty
that it provides for an allotment of lands to
certain Creek Indians. Those allotments were
made to the Indians, and afterward the land
was sold by the Indians to other parties. The
proceeds of the sales were collected by the
Department, with a view of paying them over to
the Indian owners of the land, in last August
the payments were made; but there was a bal-
ance of a little more than that stated in the
amendment—a balance of some $700 still due
to these Creeks, called Creek reservees. The
exact amount is $728 77. It was put into the
hands of an agent of the United States named
\V. II. Garrett, who died, and the money has
not been recovered from him, as I learn, by
tho Government. But the money belonged to
the Indians. It was the proceeds of the sale of
their own lands, collected from the pui'chases
by the Government, held by the Government
for them, and which lias never been paid to
thein. Now, it occurs to me that this is not a
private claim, in the usual sense of that term.
1 took au appeal from the decision of the Chair
at the time, merely for the purpose of getting
the fuels before the Presiding Officer of the
Senate, in order to have a decision on the facts
as they exist. Having now stated them, I sub-
mit the case to the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
submitted to the Senate. The Chair has al-
ready decided it, and the question now is,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?" ,
Mr. DAVIS. The amount is so small, and
the claim is so unquestionably just, that I hope
whoever made the objection will acquiesce in
the decision being overruled and the appropri-
ation being made at this time. The amount is
very small.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am satisfied
upon the statement, made that my position
about its being a private claim is at least doubt-
ful; and as it is stated to be a case of fair
merit, 1 withdraw the question of order.
Mr. HARLAN. And I withdraw the appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unani-
mous consent the question of order_ may be
withdrawn. The Chair hears no objection. The
question is on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr.IIARLAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking oufr the amount stated in it,
"$650," and inserting "$728 77." That is
the exact amount. I have it in a letter from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs passed over was to insert on
page 65, after line fifteen hundred and seventy-
eight, the following clause:
i'or this amounts, or so much thereof as may be
necessary for payment for services rendered and sup-
plies furnished for and on account of the Indian ser-
vice at thel'ortBcrthold agency,Dakota Territory, as
per list of vouchers accompanying letter of Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs. February 9,1870, tho sum
of $63,203 05.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think we ought
to have~~some information about that amend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. I have attempted to gather
all the additional information on the subject I
could since the amendment was passed over.
I learn that the regular appropriation made for
this service was diverted by the peace commis-
sion, and the agent then in charge of these
Indians was directed by one of the peace com-
mission, General Sanborn, who was in charge
of that part of the work, to make these pur-
chases of provisions for tho Indians that are
covered by the vouchers referred to in the
amendment. The employes were all author-
ized by law, and the purchases were necessary
in order to provide for certain peaceable In-
dians. It will be remembered that when the
peace commission were sent out to negotiate
with the hostile Indians they were directed to
collect together the peaceable Indians, to sep-
arate them from the hostile Indians, to dimin-
ish the number of those who might be drawn
into a war with the United States. The Indians
who were fed during this period were the peace-
able Indians, some of the Assiniboines, Arick-
arees, and Gros-Ventres. The law tinder which
this was done was the law approved July 20,
1867.
I do not know that it is necessary for me to
say anything more on the subject. The com-
mittee sent to the Department for the vouchers,
and examined them. They all seemed to be
regular, and all seemed to be proven up; and
the Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of Indians Affairs recommend the pay-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, passed over, was to insert on
page 70, after line seventeen hundred and four,
the following:
For this Amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to pay the expenses of the removal of
" stray bands of Pottawatomie and Winnebago In-
dians in Wisconsin," from their present homes in
that State to the tribes to which they respectively
belong, as follows:
For transportation and subsistence of one thou-
sand Winnebagoes from Wisconsin to Nebraska, at
fifteen dollars each, $15,000.
For transportation of five hundred Pottawatomies
and two hundred Chippcwas intermarried with them,
from Wisconsin to the Indian country south of Kan-
sas, at thirty dollars each, $21,000.
Mr. HOWE. I was appealed to just now
by the Senator from Minnesota, and by the
Senator from Iowa, to give some testimony in
regard to this matter. I was then unprepared
to speak upon it, because I had not the papers
by me which refer to it. I remembered to
have seen them. There is a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior on this subject, and
there are copies of some letters which have
been transmitted to him from the Governor of
the State of "Wisconsin, and sundry members
of the Legislature and citizens of that State
and of Minnesota, in reference to this matter.
Substantially, the case is just like the una
which was passed upon two orthree days since,
where it was said that some individuals of the
Kiekapoo, or some other tribe of Indians, had
wandered down into the State oi Texas, and
were committing depredations there, and you
made an appropriation in this very bill to re-
move those Indians. Nov/, here is the state-
ment that there are members of the Winnebago
and-Pottawatomie bands living in the Staie of
Wisconsin. The Secretaryof the Interior says
that some of them never removed; some of
them refused to go; some were overlooked ;
and some went and have come back. Their
number is estimated at about one thousand.
So these citizens of the State of Wisconsin
testify.
My own opinion is that the policy of appro-
priating money out of the national Treasury, to
wait upon these Indians around from place to
place, is rather a doubtful one; but it is the
policy upon which the Government has entered,
and I do not see why you should not pursue it
until you are satisfied that it is incorrect, and
that you have got a better policy. If you un-
dertake to rid one State of these Indians, you
certainly should rid all the States. You have
undertaken it in other cases, and I do not see
why you should not undertake it in reference
to Wisconsin.
I do not know anything about the amount
that may be required. The Secretary says that
$07,000 is necessary. He estimates the num-
ber of Winnebagoes at one thousand, I think,
and five hundred Pottawatomies, which is a
pretty low estimate I think in comparison with
the appropriation made for the removal of the
Kiekapoos from Texas the other day.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 will explain the reason
of that. These Pottawatomies and other frag-
ments of bands in Wisconsin, when they shall
arrive at the homes of their tribes, will be enti-
tled to their proportion of annuities and moneys
belonging to the tribes. The Kiekapoos and
other Indians connected with them in Texas
are vagabonds. They never will go back to
their tribes, and the purpose is to collect them
on a reservation in the Indian country, and try
to keep them there and"prevent their marauding
in the future.
Mr. HOWE. There may be an inducement
to these people to leave Wisconsin that there is
not to induce those Kiekapoos to leave Texas,
though I am inclined to think myself I should
as soon leave Texas as Wisconsin. My friend
from Texas [Mr. Hamilton]-would not agree
with me exactly upon that point. But there
is an inducement certainly in the light in which
the Senator from Iowa puts it—the fact that
they would be entitled to annuities after join-
ing their tribes. I hope, in view of the policy
that has been adopted in reference to other
tribes that there will be no objection to agree-
ing to this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has the Sen-
ator seen the communication from tho Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs under date of
March 16?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir: I have it before me.
The Senator from Maine will notice that the
necessity of making provision for the removal
of these Indians was urged upon the Commis-
sioner from various quarters, and that he rec-
ommends the appropriation. That is pretty
good evidence that he does not understand
there is any other way of getting rid of them,
but that he does think they ought to be removed
from Wisconsin. I think they ought to be.
Tire amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs which was passed over was on
page 70, to insert at tho cud of the first section
the following:
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of tho
Interiorto pay for legal serricesrendeced by Messrs,,
