1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4185
Thomas P. Eenlon and James S. l-jinery, attorneys-
at-lnw, in 1S65 and subsequently, in defending suits
instituted against the United States officers in Kan-
sas relating to the rights and property of Indians, by
direction of the Interior Department, £2,000: Pro-
videil, That this amount shall bo received in full sat-
isfaction For said indebtedness,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
from Kansas is right in supposing that there was
a law on this subject, then this would not seem
to be a private claim; otherwise it clearly is.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not saj' that there
was a specific law authorizing the employment
of these men.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; but author-
izing the employment of counsel.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; I understand
there was a law authorizing the employment
of counsel. I know there was for the Treas-
ury Department; and I have been told—I have
not seen the law—that there was for the Inte-
rior Department. I know the Interior Depart-
ment did employ counsel. I do not know how
they paid them, but they did employ counsel
in some of these cases besides- the district
attorneys.
Mr. DAVIS. I will suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Maine that the claim in this
<?ase, as presented to the committee, was for
$3,500, and that amount was insisted upon
strenuously. I caution my honorable friend
that if he has this amendment rejected it will
only throw the claim back to be presented to
the Committee on Claims for $3,500, and it
will jeopardize at least $1,500 more to the
Treasury.
Mr. POMEROY. This amendment pro-
vides that these parties shall receive this sum
in full compensation. While I think it a hard-
ship, I think they had better take it rather than
try to get a private claim through Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the amendment.
This is undoubtedly aprivate claim, if the Sen-
ator from Maine makes that question ; but if it
is to carry out the provision of an existing law
it is in order. The Chair understands the Sen-
ator from Kansas to say that it is. That being
so, the claim is in order, and the question is on
the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not say that there
was a law for this specific case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But if there
was a law authorizing the employment of coun-
sel the amendment would be in order in the
^opinion of the Chair.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those are
all of the amendments of the Committee^ on
Indian Affairs that were passed over. The
bill is still open to amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. There are two or three
other amendments in the hands of other mem-
bers of the Committee on Indian_ Affairs.
The honorable Senator irom Connecticut [Mr.
Buckingham] has one, the honorable Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] has one. and per-
haps the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Ross.] I
hope they will present them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest that
the amendments coming irom the Committee
on Indian Affairs be first disposed of, if tnat
is asrreeable to the committee.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to offer an amend-
ment, to come in on page (36, lino sixteen
hundred and seventeen. The amendment is
to strike out §36,600 and insert $47,750; so
that the clause will read :
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Oregon, including insurance and trans-
portation of annuity goods and presents, (where no
special provision therefor is made by treaties,) and
for defraying the expenses of the removal and smo-
fitlcnce of Indians in Oregon, (not parties to any
treaty.) and for pay ofneces^ary employes,
I will sinanly state that in the book of esti-
mates, page'HO, will be found the following :
" Washington and Oregon :
•'lienor;'I incidental expenses of tao Indian services
in Ore-oil and Washington (territory, including in-
surance and irautpouation of annuity goods., and
{presents, (wherono ppecialprovisiontliereforismado
>y treaties,) and office and traveling expenses of the
superintendent, agent, and sub-agents, $35,500."
One half of that sum goes to Oregon. Then
you will find on page 178 of the book of esti-
mates the following:
"Defraying the expenses of the removal and sub-
sistence of Indians in Oregon, (not parties to any
treaty,) and for pay of necessary employes, $20,000."
The House of Representatives put these two
estimates together, and cut down the sum to
$36,600, without any reason that I can ascer-
tain. The committee have instructed me to
offer an amendment restoring the amount to
the estimates. I have received letters from
Oregon lately, stating that unless the amounts
in tiie bill were increased they would have to
close up the school of the agency on the Siletz,
where a portion of this money goes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. By direction of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, ami at the request
of the chairman, who is absent for the moment,
1 offer an amendment, which provides for the
removal of the Osage Ind.ans in Kansas,
which is a subject which has been before the
Senate, and for their settlement in the Indian
country. The Senator from Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] has addressed the Senate at consider-
able length on the subject, and the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] has replied to him.
I do not propose to make any remarks on the
subject, but simply submit the measure and
ask for the vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert as additional sections the fol-
lowing :
Ami he it further ei inctr.d. That when the Great and
Little Osage Indians shall ayree thereto the United
States shall assunio tho absolute control and owner-
ship of all the lands known as Hie Great and Little
Osage icscrvation.in tho State of Kansas, including
all lands in said State ceded to the United iStatos in
trust, by article second of the treaty between the
United States and said Indians, concluded Septem-
ber 2i), ISCo, as well as tho so-called diminished res-
ervation, for which the said Indians shall bo allowed
and paid tho sum of frl ,600,000. And aitor deducting
the cost of land for a permanent homein tho Indian
territory, and the amount, of their ascertained indebt-
edness, as hereinafter provided, and the necessary
cost oi removal to their new homes, and tempor-
ary support for a period not exceeding six months,
tho said cost of removal and i empor.iry support not
to exceed the sum of t-;50,000, tho residue of said
41,600,000 shall bo placed to their credit on tho books
of tho Treasury of the. United States, and bear intor-
cstat the rate of five percent, per annum, to be com-
puted from tho date of the approval of tins act, said
interest to bo payable semi-annually, as follows, to
wit: tho interest oil $100,000 shall bo paid ibr the
support of schools in said nation ; the interest on
£300.000 shall be paid in cash for national purposes;
§•5,200 thereof shall be paid as compensation to the
chiefs and councilors of the nation: io,000 shall be
expended tor tho encouragement of agriculture, to
bo paid pro rata to each head of a fami [y in propor-
tion to the number of acres cultivated and improve-
ments made thereon by individual members of the
tribe, the object being to cncourage real industry
anions them; and tiie remaining £ 1,800 sria, 11 be ex-
pended, under the direction oi the council and agent,
for tho tribe m the payment of suoli other expenses
as may be nccessary for the benefit and support pi
Iheir national government; and tho interests on 1 ne
balance shall Ho paid to the members of the nation
per capita, or to the council lor distribution in money,
goods, piovisions, and other ari teles oi necessity, as
tho council of tho nation and the p.geiit, ior the tribe
may recommcnd under 1 hediroclion of tho Comnns-
siouerof Indian Ailair.-'.
Awl be it further enaetcJ, That as a compensation
to Osages for tho stock and farming ut->nsi!s which
the United States a:;reed to furnish them by tho
second artielc of the treaty of January 11.. and
which were only in part furnished, tho united States
shall pay th c said nation >,-0,000; and as compensa-
tion for ilie saw and grist mill winch I he United
States agreed by said treaty to maintain ior tlicm
for Silicon years, and which were only maintained
five years, the United Si ate.- shall pay said nation
which sums shall he ("winded, under me
direction oC tho 0;>mmi^iooer o£ Indian Allans, m
the following manner: °i.7'3J )'■' erecting agency
building, it warehouse, and blacksmith s awelnng-j,
and a blacksmith shop, and tho remaining;m
the creation oi' a school-houso ^ind cnurcii juui t.io
pureh ^se ot a L'a\v aiKl grist milk .
And he It fardi"/' enw/ed, That all uohts owing kv
tho Gieat and Little Osage nation of Indians, anu
unpaid at the date of the signing of said treaty,
cither to whites or Indians, by said Osages, shall bo
liquidated and paid out of the funds arising from tho
sale of the lands herein desciibed, so far as the sanio
shall bo found just and valid on an examination
thereof, to be made by the ngent of the tiibo and tho
superintendent of Indian affairs for theeenlrai super
intendency, subject to the approval of tho national
council of the Osago nation in each individual ease,
and of the Secretary of thelnterlor: Provided, That
the .imount bo allowed and paid shall not exceed
S-iO.OOG: And provided further, That if the amount
of just claimsshallexcced the sum of $i0,00Q l^G
amount of $>10,003 shall bo divided pro rata among
tho different claimants whose claims shall have beeu
established and allowed, which payment, when ac-
cepted, shall be held to bo a full payment of all sucli
claims.
And be it further enacted, That there shnll be paid
to tho members of tho Great and Little Osage tribo
of Indians aiustand fair compensation W horses
stolen from them by white eiti7.cn.-> of the United
States since the ratification of the treaty of Septem-
ber 20, 18G5, to be ascertained by the agent of said
tribe and tho superintendent of Indian affairs for
tho central superintendcncy, who shall mako a care-
ful and thorough examination of each case within
six months after the passage of thk> act, and report
the same to tho Secretary of tho Interior for his ap-
proval or disapproval: Provided, That tho whole
amount to be paid for such claims shall not exceed
$4.0,U00; and if tho amount of claims, established as
hereinbefore,provided, shall cxcced said sum, tho
said sum of $10,000 shall bo paid pro rata and be
accepted in full satisfaction.
And be it further cnactcd, That it shall be the duly
of the President to procuro lands for a permanent
home for said Osage lndirms,«in tho Indian territory,
equal in quantity to one hundred and sixty acresfor
each member of said tribe, or such part thereof as
said Osage Indians may desire, to bo paid for out of
the proceeds of tho sale of said reservation in tho
State of Kaunas, the price per acre of such lands to
be procured in the Indian territory not to oxcecd tho
price paid by tho United States for the same.
And be it further enacted, That it' any individual
belonging to said tribe of Indians, or legally incor-
porated with them, being an Indian and the head
of a lamily, shall desire to commence farming, ho
shall have the privilege to solect, in the presenco
and with the assistance of the agent then in chame,
a tract of land within said district of lands procured
by tho President for their now homes, ns provided
in tho preceding section, not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres in extent, which tract, when so se-
lected, certified, and recorded in the land book as
herein directed, shall eooso to bo held in common ;
but the same may bo occupied and held iu the ex-
clusive possession of the porson selecting it, and of
his family, so long as ho or they may continuo to cul-
tivate it. Any person over eighteen yeais of age,
not being the head oi' a family, may in like manner
soloct and cause to be certified to him or her, ior
purposes of cultivation, a quantity of land not
exceeding eighty acres in extent, and theroupon bo
entitled to tho exclusive possesion of the same, as
abovo directed. For each tract ofhmd so selected a
certificate containing a description thoreof and the
name of the person selecting it, with a certillcalo
indorsed thereon that the same has been rccoidcd,
shall bo delivered to the party entitled to it by the
agent after the same shall have been recorded by
him in a book to bo kept in his ofiice subject to
nspection, which said book shall bo known as the
"Osage land book." The President may at anytime
order a survey of the reservation, and when so sur-
veyed may establish such rules and regulations as
may be deemed necessary for protecting tho rights
of said settlers in their improvements.
And be it further dictated, That it shall bo the duty
of the Piesident.as toon as may bo after tho passage
of this act, to adopt the necessary means for carry-
ing into cfleet the fifth section thereof, and as soon
thereafter as may be practica ble to cause said Indians
to bo removed to their new homes.
And be it fwther enacted. That as soon as practi-
cable after the passage of this act tho said dimin-
ished reservation in tho State of Kansas, or so much
thereof asthe Secretary of the Interior may determ-
ine, from time to time, shall be surveyed under tho
direction of tho Commissioner of the Geneial Land
Oliice and by thesurveyorgenerjl of the proper land
district, as the public lands are surveyed.
And be it further cnrictnl. That to reimburse the
United Shucs the said S4.G00,( U0, thoco^t of survey
and sale. 1 he amounts piovidod to bo paid by the
United States to fcaid Indian*, in section two and
section four of this act, and the in teres! AVtach may
bo paid by the United States <o said Indians on tho
said purcha?e money, the said lands Sshall we sold to
actual settlers only, in quantities not exceeding one
huudicd and sixty acres to each purchaser, at il>)
per acre, in ca^-h, s-iid settlcis being heads ot famine*
or single persons over twenty-one years ot age ana
citizens ot t he United States, or having declared taeu
intention to become such, as provided by law, uii'.l
who slioil have made such seitloment, cuKivn.tioj,
and imnrovemcnt as is required by the precmpuo
lov.'s: Provided, That every settler desirin- to ava,t
himself of the benefits of the provisions of this ..-o
th.n shall, within ninety days after W'10 °f
the approval Oi the burvoy ot saidlands, 01 i • '
hiS settlement cherooo, appear hefoie 'J "f
tho proper land office, ami file nis jnten >>]-- <. P^. ,
nn\  ml within six months from the date . t n
