1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1303
pending before us. The papers are full of
them; the subject is before the House. It is
pressing upon us; we cannot ignore it. we must
act or stand dishonored as a nation. Not
these unfortunate prisoners alone and their
friends in the country but the civilized world
is watching our action. Personal liberty and
individual citizeuship are to be elevated and
everywhere assured or made more uncertain
and "insecure by what we shall do.
But, sir, aside from the claim of citizenship,
which is enough to demand the most faithful,
speedy, and earnest inquiry into the condition
of these suffering prisoners by this House and
the Government, humanity, civilization, and
the progress of the age demand investigation
into the charges made against the Government
of Great Britain in their behalf.
And, Mr. Speaker, the Republic of the
United States ought to-day to be in a situation,
with reference to its own States and people,
which would enable it without reproach to re-
monstrate with the British Government against
its wrougs upon Ireland. The treatment of
those who so recently rebelled against this
Government ought to have been such that our
example of itself would have opened all the
doors of British prisons and let the political
prisoners go free.
Yes, sir, we had the opportunity, such as we
may never have again, by our generosity, our
magnanimity at home, and forgiveness of those
who had offended ageinst this Government,
to set an example that would have' made
this country illustrious for all coming time,
and would not only have opened the prison
doors and set free our imprisoned countrymen
from British oppression, but would have lifted
the cruel hand of British oppression from
Ireland itself. It might have made lighter
the shackles that oppress political offenders
throughout the world.
Mr. Speaker, let us pass-this resolution, but
let us not feel that our duty is then done. Let
us follow up the subject without delay until we
relieve our country from the reproach, the
burning reproach of neglecting to protect those
of our countrymen whom we require to defend
us. Thus much in reference to these political
prisoners, even if they were fairly tried and
properly convicted.
But, sir, if the charge be true that Ameri-
can citizens have been tried for acts done or
words spoken on the soil of the Republic, and
convicted and sentenced, and are now suffer-
ing in the horrible manner described, to them
and in their case this resolution and action of
this House is a mockery ; it is cruelty itself.
I care not who these men are, to what society
they may have belonged, what opinions they
mayhaveentertained, whether they are Red Re-
publican, Black Republican, Fenians, or what
not; if they are citizens of the Republic they are
entitled to its protection. And if the United
States has due regard for these men and proper
self-respect there are no jails in Great Britain
or on earth strong enough to hold its citizens
for such offense and in such manner convicted.
What, sir, must American citizens, on Ameri-
can soil, be required to speak with bated breath,
in subdued tones, and in manner prescribed
and words dictated by the code or law of Great
Britain? Is Fenianism in America to be made
and punished as crime in England ? Are Irish-
men, by naturalization in this country, to for-
swear all remembrance and love of the homes
of their childhood and thegraves of theirances-
tors under penalty, if they should chance to
visit them, of being cast into prison and im-
mured in dungeons as felons? Is it a crime
for an Irishman in America to weep over the
wrongs of England toward Ireland and wish or
even pray that she may be free? May not an
American citizen talk of or even labor for lib-
erty to the oppressed in America without fear
of the foreign despot's prison?
Sir, I have, ever since I began to read Irish
history, ever since my earliest childhood, sym-
pathized, deeply sympathized, with the op-
pressed people of that country. I have earn-
estly hoped—and, I trust, earnestly prayed—
that Great Britain might see it for her best
interest to let go her hold on that people. Some
of Great Britain's best statesmen have sympa-
thized with Ireland, and have in most eloquent
words pleaded for liberty and justice for that
people. If to sympathize with Ireland and to
express that sympathy on all proper occasions,
and to wish, devoutly wish, that the time may
come when she will take her place among the
nations of the earth be a crime, J, too. am a
criminal.
But, sir, 1 deny that a citizen of the Republic
can, by acts or words done or spoken in the
Republic, commit crime against the Govern-
ment and laws of Great Britain or any other
foreign nation. The idea is preposterous ; it
is at war with all personal freedom and na-
tional citizenship. Government protection is a
myth and a cheat. And every day and every
hour that this Government permits such a pre-
tense or claim on the part of any foreign Gov-
ernment to go undenied and unrebuked we
are as a Government failing to do our duty to
our own citizens.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wil-
lakd] suspects "a cat in the meal" in this
resolution. He thinks it is in the interest of
Fenianism. The gentleman's scent is keen,
indeed. 1 can find nothing of the kind in it,
and were it not for the old dregs of proscrip-
tion and Native Americanism still lingering on
his system, I doubt if he could. But if all he
said of the hidden meaning, the ulterior pur-
pose of the resolution were true, it would not
; turn my stomach, I stand upon the doctrine,
i broad or narrow, that Fenianism in America
| is not crime in England. An Ameiiean Fenian
1 is not an English criminal. And it is no busi-
| ness of the English Government what an Irish-
man, adopted as a citizen of this Republic,
! shall do within the jurisdiction of this Republic.
She has nothing to do with our cititzens as
individuals, unless they commit crime or offend
against her laws within her borders. For every-
thing else, if Great Britain has or thinks she
has cause of complaint on account of the
doings of our citizens, let her make her com-
plaint to and against the Government itself.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, I earnestly
favor the adoption of the resolution before the
House, calling upon the President for all cor-
respondence relative to the treatment of Ameri-
can citizens arrested and imprisoned by the
British Government. If the charges which
have been made be true, Congress and the
country should know the facts, that prompt
and efficient measures may be taken to resent
the wrongs which have been committed, and
secure redress to those of our countrymen
whose liberties have been violated and whose
rights have been trampled upon. And if the
official correspondence which has taken place
demonstrates that the charges, which have a
thousand times been repeated, are not true,
then the President, without waiting for a call
from Congress, should, by special message,
have communicated the facts to the Federal
Legislature.
It is charged that American citizens are at
this moment lying in chains in British dun-
geons for no other offense than for words
uttered within the jurisdiction of the United
States. If this be true, and redress be refused,
it constitutes good cause of war ; and if it is
not true, Congress and the country should know
the fact. Certain it is, sir, that citizens of the
United States have not the right upon British
soil to violate the laws of England ; but it is
not less certain that they are not responsible
to English laws for acts committed or for words
uttered within the jurisdiction of the United
States; and in either case they are entitled to
legal trial. Sir, the oppressors of the Irish
are also the oppressors of the English people,
and the interests of those peoples are identical; |
the heel of the aristocracy rests heavily upon ,
their breasts, and against that aristocracy t hey !
have a com mon cause. That odious and haughty
aristocracy once overthrown, Ireland, England,
Scotland, and Wales would form a federal re-
public of independent States united in a com-
mon union.
I confess, Mr. Speaker, that as an American
citizen I feel humiliated at the attitude of the
Government of the United States before the
civilized world. While the blood of gallant.
Irishmen who fell fighting beneath the Federal
flag during the late unhappy war is still red
and fresh upon every battle field, the President
of tbe United States, under whose orders those
heroes fought and died, seems to be coldly in-
different to the fate of their countrymen who,
it is charged, innocent of all crime, are now
immured in the dark and unwholesome prisons
of England ; and it is whispered about that the
Government is cautious lest there should bu
war. There seems, sir, to be a strange sym-
pathy between the President of the Republic
of the United States and the aristocracy of
Europe. When the people of Cuba built ves-
sels in our ports, with whose aid they sought
to achieve their independence, by order of the
President their vessels were seized and con-
demned, while at the very same moment the
Spanish tyrants and aristocrats who oppress
Cuba were fitting out in our ports thirty vessels
of war to fight against the patriots of that island :
and the reason given for this shameful policy
is that if a different course were pursued by tin'
President and Congress there would be danger
of war. Danger of warl And has it come
to this, that from fear of war we are basely to
turn a deaf ear to the groans of our countrymen
who languish in prison, and give actual aid to
the oppressors of Cuba? Thank God, sir,
such was never the policy of our Government
when the Democracy were in power. During
the administration of President Pierce Martin
Koszta, a naturalized citizen of the United
States, was seized on neutral ground by the
authorities of Austria on the charge of having
violated the laws of Austria upon Austrian
soil, and by force he was placed upon an Aus-
trian man-of-war. What was the result? The
civil and naval officers of the United States
then abroad determined, after consultation, to
demand the release of Koszta, and upon refusal
to sink the vessel containing him. And what
was the result? Koszta was surrendered to the
American authorities, and returned to the Uni-
ted States. Was there war? No, sir. A Dem-
ocratic President and a Democratic Congress
approved the conduct of the gallant Ingraham,
and the nations of the earth were told that
American protection extended over American
citizens in all countries aud in every clime.
Then, sir, let us have the facts connected with
the arrest, trial, and imprisonment of Amer-
ican citizens abroad, aud let us act as becomes
a people who desire to be just, and who are
determined to be free.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, on the 2d of
this month the Committee on Foreign Affairs
introduced the following resolution:
Resolved by the House of Reprenentatives, That the
President of the United States bo requested to com-
municate to this llouse, if not incompatible with tho
public interest, any iniormation which may have
come to his knowledge concerning American citi-
zens, whether native or naturalized, who may bo at
thistime confined in the jails or prisons of Great
Britain for political ofl'enses, and any facts in rela-
tion to the treatment ot'such prisoners which ho may
feel at liberty to communicate.
I listened then to the resolution, the report
of the committee, and to the eloquent appeals
of several gentlemen who addressed the House.
The measure had from the beginning my hearty
approval.
It is said here that a large number ot nat-
uralized American citizens are in British dun-
geons as political prisoners; that they are
suffering from loathsome diseases, without ade-
quate clothing ; are starving, and for want of
proper attention are gradually wasting away,
and are in dying conditions. It is said, too, by
those who know that the manner of the im-
prisonment of these men in English prisons
