1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
224f
mals that live upon it, the chief of which is
man. In His constitution of the earth He has
ordained different countries with different con-
figurations of surface and different climates.
These exert a controlling influence upon man.
In those are to be found the profound causes
which compel man to congregate into nations,
and give them their distinctive and peculiar
characteristics, which modify the forms of gov-
ernment that man institutes, and which give
rise to the multiplied and varied productions
of both nature and art with which the civilized
world abounds. In this arrangement of Prov-
idence every country, soil, and climate, and
every nation has its peculiar mission to perform
in the great industrial and civilizing operations
of the world. The nations of the tropics pro-
duce sugars, spices, coffee, and fruits pecu-
liar to tropical climates, and produce them in
quantities far exceeding their own wants; and
hence they must find a market for them in
other countries. The nations of the temperate
zone produce the raw material and the man-
ufactures which their climate tolerates and
stimulates in an abundance far exceeding their
capacity for consumption; and hence they must
peek a market abroad for the excess of their
productions.
But God has ordained that the wants and
tastes of men in all countries and climates are
pretty nearly the same. The sugar of Cuba is
as acceptable to the inhabitants of Greenland
as it is to us—to the man of every country as
it is to the man of the country in which it is
produced. And the wheat of the temperate
zone and the fabrics manufactured there are
needed and desired by the man of the tropics.
And here is the origin of interchange and com-
merce. The nian-of the tropics sends his sur-
plus sugars, spices, lee., to the man of the
temperate regions, and exchanges them for the
flour and the manufactures of those countries,
and both are benefited, both enriched, and
both have their comforts and enjoyments en-
larged and multiplied by the operation.
The distinctive mental characteristics of
nations also produce the same results. Each
nation of the world seems to have been en-
dowed with some distinctive and peculiar genius
which displays itself not only in the manifest-
ations of intellect, but also in the works of
art. It displays itself in the literature and in the
works of handicraft. The Englishman is differ-
ent from the Frenchman. The former will
make a sound and substantial article, desirable
for its utility and durability; the latter will make
one of beauty and taste. The Englishman has
a genius for utility; the Frenchman for deco-
ration. He addresses himself not only to the
practical needs of man, but also to the assthet-
ical principle in the human mind. While the
Englishman makes a fabric desired for its sub-
stantial and durable qualities, the Frenchman
makes one more desirable for its artistic ele-
gance and its beauty of ornamentation. The
one manufactures for all nations and all classes
of people composing them. The Frenchman
manufactures for the nation and the classes
most appreciative of the elegant and the beau-
tiful. But the products of the manufacturing
and artistic genius of these two nations find
consumers among all nations. And so it is
of the manufactures of all nations; of the
Chinese, the Japanese, even down to the hum-
ble savage. Bach makes something which the
people of other nations want, and for which
they desire to exchange the products of their
own labor. Hence also in the peculiar mental
qualities and gifts of the different nations of
the earth is to bo found an originating cause of
interchange and commerce. All produce sur-
pluses, all interchange their surplus products
for the surplus products of other nations. It
is the law of God impressed upon the earth
and upon man, and cannot be violated with
impunity. Every attempt to violate it brings
only injury and suffering, and will be defeated
in the end, and as we have shown it must be
by the illustrations i have given of the futile
attempt to create home markets for the sur-
plus products of the different classes of the
same nation.
And the experience of the world illustrates
the truth and the beneficent influences of this
great law of free trade. All history shows
that whenever nations have adopted it in their
intercourse with other nations, it has brought
to them increased means of happiness, in-
creased wealth, and increased progress in civ-
ilization. Phoenicia, Carthage, Venice, and
modern England, are examples illustrative of
tbis great truth. And the free trade which
exists between the States of this Republic,
fortunately secured by her Constitution, is an-
other and most striking triumph of the prin-
ciples I am contending for. Whereas the policy
of restriction leads to opposite results. It is
a remnant of barbarism. It is in violation of
the decrees of Providence, and must ultimately
fail. It will die out with the despotisms which
now oppress mankind, and be swallowed up
in the grand consummation of the fraternity
of nations, which civilization, guided by philos-
ophy and religion, is ultimately destined to
accomplish.
PROTECTED iSO NOX-PROTECTED STATES AND
CLASSES.
This struggle on the one side for a " pro-
tective" tariff and on the other for the prin-
ciples of free trade, so far as they can be em-
bodied in a tariff merely for revenue, indicates
a wide division among the States and the peo-
ple. And those States and people may be prop-
erly characterized as the manufacturing and
"protected" classes, and the agricultural and
laboring, or unprotected classes. I propose
to show which are the " protected " and which
are the unprotected Slates and classes, and
how immensely the latter preponderate over
the former. I begin with the States:
Manufacturing or "protected"States.—Maine, New j
Ilarapshiro, Vermont, Massachusetts, Uliode Inland, j
Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Louisiana, (sugar inter- 1
est.) ■
Agricultural and commercial, or unprotected States.— ;
Alabama, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Dela- j
ware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana. Iowa,
Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan. Minne-
sota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, North Carolina,
South Carolina, New York, New Jersey, Ohio, Ore-
gon, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West Virginia,
Vrisconsin.
Thus it will bo seen that through the opera-
tions of the tariff system twenty-nine agricul-
tural and commercial States, embracing naore
than three quarters of the wealth and popula-
tion of the Union, whose interests are opposed
to the system, are compelled by it to pay tribute
to eight manufacturing States, embracing not
a fourth of the population and wealth of the
Union. When we compare the "protected"
and unprotected classes of the population of
the Union similar results will appear.
According to the estimate of Commissioner
Wells, the values created by the leading indus-
tries of the country are as follows:
44 Protected" industries.
Cotton manufactures  £71,500,000
"Woolen manufactures  63.000,000
Iron production, pig and bar  119,950,000
Leather manufactures    222,000,000
Total....
$480,050,000
Persons employed. |!
Cotton manufactures  125,OQj) r
Woolen manufactures  
Iron production  j
Leather manufactures  j
Total,
510,000 ;
Unprotected iadu-iti-'es.
Agriculture ^,2S2950,000
liaihvay service  £^0,000,0^0 <
jj'islieried      100.000,uOQ ,
Total   950,000 ■
:   ,-^=7= |
Persons employed.
Agriculture  '
Railway service and fisheries  ,
Total.
(5,655,000
In addition to the above-enumerated classes
the Commissioner estimates that there are
1,000,000 skilled artisans," machinists, carpen-
ters, blacksmiths, masons, &e., and 4,705,000
common laborers, domestic servants, &e., em-
ployed. Of these classes 6,000,000 at' least
belong to the unprotected classes. These,
added to the fairmers, &e., make an aggre-
gate of 11,655,000 persons belonging to the
unprotected classes. They are not only un-
protected, but taxed and burdened for the
benefit and to increase the wealth of the "pro-
tected" classes. I need not comment on this
enormous disparity in the value of production
and in numbers of those two classes, and the
injustice and wrong which it implies. They
will be apparent to the weakest intellect with-
out comment.
THE EFFECT OF FKEE TBADE AND " PROTECTION*'UPON
THE WAGES OF LABOR, AND THE CONDITION OV THE
WOEKINHMEX.
It is argued that the "protective" system is
beneficial to the laborer or employ6, that it
increases his wages and adds to his means of
living, and therefore to his comfort and hap-
piness.
But even this argument of the advocates of
protection will not avail. On the contrary,
the fact is pr#;isely the reverse, as I shall now
proceed to demonstrate most conclusively. I
shall show by authentic and undeniable facts
that free trade benefits the laboring man, in-
creases his wages, and thus adds to his means
of enjoyment, while "protection" combined
with a currency inconvertible into gold, by re-
stricting commerce and embarrassing industry,
depreciates the purchasing power of his wages
and thus impoverishes him. And to establish
this proposition I shall be indebted in part for
my facts to the very able report of the Special
Commissioner of Revenue for 1868. He there
shows conclusively that the workingman of
this country, since 1860, during the era of high
''protective" tariffs and inconvertible paper
money, although his wages have nominally
risen in rate, has not been able to purchase
with them so many of the necessaries of life,
nor live so comfortably as before this era super-
vened, nor save so much of his earnings.
On page 114 of his report for 1868 the Com-
missioner says:
"The investigations previously instituted by the
Commissioner hare established the fact, that up to
theeommencementoftheyear 1867the general effect
of the agencies growing out of the war had been to
occasion a general advance in the price of commodi-
ties to the extent of about 90 per cent., while the cor-
responding advance in wages was not in excess of 60
per cent."
And he adds:
"The average increase in the price of groceries and
provisions, in 1867, as compared with 1860-61; was 88
per cent., or, calculated on the basis of quantities
consumed on an average by a number of workmen,
a little in excess of 86 per cent.; of domestic dry goods,
including clothing, 86} per cent.; of fuel, 57 per cent.;
of house rent, 65 percent.
He further says:
" The average of these results, proportioned to the
average varying ratio of expenditure under the sev-
eral head?, shows that for the year 1867, and for the
first half of 186S, the average increase of all the ele-
ments which constitute the food, clothing, and shel-
ter of a family has been about 78 per cent, as com-
pared with the standard prices of 1860-61."
And he embodies these results in the table
appended hereto.
* The Commissioner then remarks:
! " The result in general of this large increase_ in
the prices of commodities of domestic consumption
, to the laboring man becomes evident by comparing
such increase with the increase in the rates of wages
: during the period tinder comparison, which rates for
the year 1S67, as compared with 1860-61, were as rol-
lows: for unskilled mechanical labor, 50 per cent.;
' for skilled mechanical labor, 60 per cent.
i From indisputable and actual data, he says
' he constructs the following table, showing ^
; "The average aggregate weekly earnings in 1867.
of families of various sizes, in different sections oi
tlio country, one or more members of each of wn.icn
■ were employed in some branch of manufaoturi .
i industry; their average weekly expendituresi for
! provisions, fuel, house rent, &c„ Mta,frcpe
! remaining to them over and above such expenaiture,
1 available either for accumulation and capital, or tor
, the purchase of clothing or articles of. enjoyment
,| and luxury." [See Appendix for the table.J
