3192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
that there had been a practical test of the
quality of the different Kinds of steel by a
blacksmith in the New York custom-house.
Mr. MAYNARD. It was not in the New
York custom-house.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. No matter; it might
as well have been so tested in the New York
custom-house as anywhere else. The test can
be applied at any point where the steel is im-
ported. I fthe collector or the inspector believes
that the iuvoice is fraudulent, what is to pre-
sent him at any time from bringing in his
blacksmith and having the test applied iu the
way the gentleman has indicated ?
Mr. MAYNARD. That suggestion, while
it is not very practical, because ot the immense
quantity imported, would not be very accept-
able to the importers of steel, who might not
care about having their wares subjected to that
sort of tariff test or process.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. J CJDD. This question of steel and its
cost to the consumer is one of very great im-
portance, because that article enters into every
place of industry, into every shop where tools
are used, while the largest proportion of farm-
ing and agricultural implements are made of
steel. It becomes, then, an important ques-
tion how much duty shall be levied upon it
so far as the consumer is concerned. _ A new
classification is proposed by the bill under con-
sideration, and according to the statement of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Schenck,] and the reports which
I have myself examined, it so happens that a
low rate of duty is imposed upon the large
amount of the article which is imported( while
a lower rate of duty is imposed upon the
smaller part of the amount imported. And
we are told that the reason for this is because
of the immense frauds upon the Treasury.'
Why did not the gentleman tell us at the same
time that it is within his knowledge that those
frauds have been corrected by the present Sec-
retary of the Treasury ?
Mr. KELLEY. I read evidence of it from
a Sheffield paper, so that I did not withhold
that knowledge.
Mr. JUDD. If the frauds of undervalu-
ation, because of which this classification is
pretended to be made, have been corrected,
as stated by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kellsy,] then what occasion is there to
impose upon this low-priced steel this immense ;
duty of 8J cents per pound ? The reason given
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel- i
let] and the chairman of the Committee of I
Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] is that this
is necessary in order, to avoid these frauds;
that is the reason, given for placing the duty
on steel at a uniform rate, as proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means. Yet we are j
also told that under the energetic action of the !
Eresent Secretary of the Treasury these frauds :
avo been corrected. Then what proper pre-
tense is there for imposing this enormous duty
of 3J cents per pound upon all classes of steel?
Mr. Chairman, this classification of steel is
in the same line that a majority of these new
classifications are made, unknown hitherto to
any statute before this. We find in the present
tariff a classification which yields very little
revenue, and upon that it is proposed to reduce
the duty; but upon the large mass of steel that
enters into the consumption of the people of this
country, and which yields a revenue to the Gov-
ernment, it so happens that this classification
increases the rate of duty. Now, in reply to
the argument of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Schenck,] when he
says that the committee have proposed a nni-
form rate of duty of 3£ cents per pound in order
to avoid frauds, I refer him to the remark of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
i.ey,] another member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that the present officers of
the Treasury have corrected those frauds, and
that this now coines in at a proper valuation;
at least so I am advised by the Secretary of
the Treasury himself. Now if that is true and
these facts are so, then there is no occasion for
this immense increase of duty upon an article
that enters into the consumption of every farm
and every shop and every household^ in the
country. And gentlemen understand this when
they propose to raise the duty on this low-priced
steel.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew the amendment
for the purpose of calling the attention ot this
Committee of the Whole for a few moments to
one or two facts which escaped me when I was
up before; that is, in reference to the char-
acter of the steel manufacture in our own
country. From the best information I can
obtain, I believe that last year there was con-
sumed in this country about 45,000 tons of
steel; and it is admitted that two thirds of all
the the steel consumed in this country is of
home production.
Mr. KELLEY. About one half, I am in-
formed.
Mr. ALLISON. Gentlemen who are in the
steel business have told me that two thirds of
the whole amount of steel consumed in this
countryis manufactured in thiscountry. Now,
more than one half of the entire production
of this country is made in the single city of
Pittsburg; 17,000 tons of steel were produced
in that city alone. Now, the manufacturer of
steel in Pittsburg has the advantage of trans-
portation from Pittsburg to the sea board, and
virtually has the control of the entire markets
of the West. Now, who are the consumers of
steel? They are not alone those persons who
consume steel in the form of tools which they
use; they are also the manufacturers of tools,
as was stated by the gentleman from New
York. In other words, protection comes in
here to interfere with proteotion. It seems to
me we should bo especially desirous to adopt
an equitable rule which, while it will build up
one class of mannfactares, will not tear down
and destroy another large class.
I call attention to the following statement
of the number and locality of establishments
using steel, with the capital of each, and their
annual consumption of Steel:
Con-
cern*.
Men.
Capital.
Tom of
> stetl.
Maine _ 
.... 9
895
$410,000
405
New Hampshire.. 6
1,200
900,000
1,235
Vermont 
.... 3
375
125.000
265
Massachusetts
....20
6,060
5,610,000
•15,559
Rhode Island..
... 3
750
450,000 ■
450
Connecticut.....
...11
3.135
2,420,000
1,625
New York 
...15
2,625
1,690,000
575
New Jersey 
... 3
150
120,000
60
Ohio - 
.... 1
200
100,000
50
Indiana 
... 1
60
25,000
25
Illinois 
... 3
400
375.000
225
Michigan 
20
25,000
10
Total 
...83
14,860
$12,250,000
7,484
Now, if it is necessary to have a uniform
rate upon steel, let us adopt a rate which will
be reasonable to the consumers of these arti-
cles manufactured from steel and reasonable
to the manufacturers of the articles. We now
have large exportations of these articles, as
will be seen by the following official statement
of the value of implements exported from the
United States for the year endi ng June 30,1869:
Classed as hardware   .... $2,039,008
Muskets, rifles, pistols, &c  1,983,886
Agricultural implements  1,012,474
Machinery     2,??n'i-o
Steel and cutlery, iiles, saws, <fcc  419,2/3
Sewing-machines   .  2,051,681
Manufactures of iron and steel not spe-
cified   1,079,081
Total 811,663,518
And for the previous year, ending June,
1863 * -  .$10,871,058
I believe thq,t if we increase the duty mate'
rially these exportations will be cutoff. I sub-
mit that iu the interest of proteotion, and in
the interest of the manufacturers, we ought
not to raise the duty on this raw material so as to
cut off this exportation. Gentlemen may say t
that drawbacks are allowed upon steel imported. :
This is true to some extent; but we all know
that these drawbacks are not always secured or
even sought for; and they are no protection.
Two and one half cents per pound will make
an increase of one quarter of a cent per pound
upon the common grades of steel. Of the class
of steel which, as the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means says, pays now over
4 cents a pound, we imported last year only
$117,000 worth. Why was that? Was it be-
cause we consumed only that amount in the
tool manufactures of our country and in the
higher forms of manufactured steel? No; it
was because the American manufacturer lias
absolute control of the market for that class
of steel.
Mr. KELLEY. It is because it is so un-
dervalued ; it comes in at lower rates than it
ought to.
Mr. ALLISON. Not, at all. The gentle-
man assumes a fact, and upon it makes an ar-
gument. It is not pretended that that class
of steel, which ought to pay 4} cents a pound,
now comes in at a duty equivalent to 3 cents a
pound. But even admitting that it does, it
only amounts to $1,000,000 in value, assum-
ing it all to be fraudulent; so that the American
manufacturer of steel has still the control of
the market.
We are called upon to raise the duty on the
lower grades of steel 1 cent per pound, because
it is said we cannot bring down the higher
grades below 8J cents. Now, I assume that as
we have the control of the market with refer-
ence to the higher grades of steel, the rate which
I propose, 2f cents per pound, will be a fair
compromise with reference to all these three
ftlodCAQ AT of API
Mr. CLEVELAND. I rise to oppose the
amendment. The gentleman from Iowa claims
that the duty named in this paragraph would
increase the cost of steel in the market. He
claims also that the American manufacturers
have the control of the market. But if his
views were carried out, by the adoption of the
amendment which he proposes, the control
of the market, which he now acknowledges is
held by the American manufacturers, would
be taken from them, and instead of paying
for the best class of steel 13 or 18£ cents per
pound, we should be obliged to pay 16 to 17
cents, as we formerly did. When the duty on
steel was only 12 per cent, that quality of steel •
brought in the market 16 cents a pound, and
over, according to the quality.
CORPORATIONS IN THE DIST1UCT,
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union rose informally, when ,
The SPEAKER said: The Chair is informed
| that in the enrolling of the bill "to provide
for the creation of corporations iu the District
of Columbia by general law" an error has oc-
1 curred by a wrong enumeration of the sections.
! In order that the error may be corrected the
! Senate will be requested to return the bill, if
i there be no objection.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
TARIFF BILL AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Now, Mr. Chairman,
| what are the prices in New York? Up to
, 1858-59, when the American steel-works began
1 to attract attention, the price of English cast-
steel was 16 cents per pound, and over, accord-
ing to quality. It is now at 13J cents, freely
offered. Common ateel or spring steel was 1'2 j
cents. It is now to bo had at 8 cents and 10
1 per cent. off. By this statement it will be seen
! that the best cast steel is sold in New York at
2J to 3 cents lesB than when the duty was but
j 12 per cent, ad valorem, and common steel at 4
I to 5 cents less, when there were no American
1 steel-works of any account.
j Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from New
