2248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
The Commissioner then proceeds:
"In order to obtain the data for farther compari-
son, and especially to dotormijie whether tho largo
increase in wages in 1867-6S has broughtany real net
gain to the employes of manufacturing establish-
ments, a careful investigation was instituted in re-
spect to thaearnings and expenditures of individuals
and families in 1860, similarly situated in all respects
with those whose average aggregate weekly receipts
and expenditures wore given in tho above table for
1867; and in so doing it has fortunately happened
that through the earnest cooperation of several pro-
prietors or agents of manufacturing establishments,
the data in respect to 1860 have been obtained, in
many instances, from the same specific individuals
or families which supplied tho information relativo
to 1867."
He embodies these results in a table ap-
pended hereto.
From the facts embodied in the preceding
tables, theCommissionerdeduces the following
general conclusion:
" The fact therefore is established by incontrovert-
ible evidence, that tho condition of the working-
men and women in a majority of tho manufacturing
towns of the United States is not as good at tho
present time as it was previous to tho war, notwith-
standing that their wages were greater, measured in
gold, in 1867-6& than they were in 1860-61."
In view of this irresistible and conclusive
demonstration no advocate of the "protective
system," whether ho be shallower profound
in intellect and common sense, will have tho
courage or tho hardihood to affirm that the
high tariffs and the irredeemable paper cur-
rency with which the country has been op- |
pressed since 1801, have increased the pur- I
cliasable value of tho wages, or improved the
condition and added to the comforts and
enjoyments of the workingman.
On the other hand, let us see the effects
which a system of free trade and a convert-
ible or hard-money currency have had upon
the wages and condition of the workingmen.
And here we must, look to tho legislation and
experience of England for an example.
Up to the year 1842 England was a " pro-
tective" tariff country. Its tariff bill up to that
year embraced 731 articles, instead of be-
tween 3,000 and 4,001, as our tariff does. The
chief article protected by the British tariff was
corn. The agricultural class was the one pro-
tected in England ; and Tooke, volume throe,
page CO, says that the benefits of the protection
wet o enjoyed chiefly by the wealthy farmers,
as they are in this country by the wealthy
capitalist engaged in manufactures. In 1842
Sir Robert Peel succeeded in striking 420 arti-
cles from the protected list. Then commenced
in England the system of reform and free trade,
in 1840 he succeeded in procuring the repeal
of the corn laws, tho final abrogation of the
duties to take place in 18-19, when the great
and beneficent system of free trade was com-
pletely and finally established in that country.
Its effects became at once visible. It gave the
most astounding development, to the industry
and commerce of England ever exhibited by
any nation in ancient or modern times. Its
exports, which had been nearly stationary from
1815 to 1842, increased from £03,590,025 in
1849, to £180,961,923 in 1807, and its imports
increased in a corresponding ratio. In 1854 the
values of imports were first given in the statis-
tical tallies. In that year the imports amounted
to £152.389,053, and in 18G7 to£275,183,137.
Aggregate of exports and imports in 18G7,
£450,145,000. Its tonnage increased almost to
the same marvelous extent". 1 n 18-49 it amount-
ed to 3.090,342 tons ; in 1807 to 5,493,708
rons. Of course, the augmentation of its com-
merce was only the result and the index of this
most wonderful development of its industries.
All of these great results were the consequences
of the emancipation of industry, brought about
by the adoption of the principles of free trade.
It has also been attended with most benefi-
cial results to tho interests of tho workingmen
of England, it has increased their wages and
their means of obtaining and enjoying more
of the comforts and luxuries of life, as t will
now proceed to show by actual facts. I first
cite from Tooke's History of Prices, vol. 0,
D, 172, the table in the appendix hereto.
That table brings the wages down to 1856.
It shows an increase of wages in all the occu-
pations cited, the percentage of which is given
on page 173 of the same book, as follows:
, Xncreme in 1863
Iradcs. 00c,. 1850-51.
1. Building trades: Par cent.
Skilledlabor—masons, carpenters, and
joiners.. 20
Unskilled labor—oommon laborers 48
2. Mining and machinery:
Engineers  li
Furnace-keepers, (iron works).. 00
Quarriers     30
3. Textile fabrics:
Cotton spinners 25
Power-loom weavers 15
And I find in the Miscellaneous Statistics
of the United Kingdom for 1807-08 that the
wages of laboring men continued to advance
in England, still under the influence of free
trade. In Newcastle, 1111867-68, tho wages of
masons were 5s. per day, or 80s. per week; car-
, penters and joiners, 4s. (id., or 27s. per week;
laborers, 3s. 3d., or 19s. (id. per week, in the
j gold currency of England, which is worth 9
per cent, more than our gold, or '21 per cent,
more than our paper money at its present
value. In tho iron manufacture, by the same
authority, engineers received from 26s. to 34s.
In all the trades enumerated in the work last
referred to the returns show an increase of
, wages over the rates of 1856. (See appendix
for additional tables and facts.)
And the increase of wages of the British
artisan and laborer resulting from the adoption
of the policy of free trade has also resulted
m the increase of the comforts of tho working-
men, as is shown by the increased consump-
tion of tea, sugar, wine, &c., as the following
facts will show, which I copy from Noble's
pamphlet on Free Trade and Ileciprocities,
page 17, to which work I am indebled for other
| important facts bearing on this subject.
Table showing the connumption per head of tea, mgur,
wine, <i'r„ ba the laboring men of England, inthe years
18-19 and 1857.
1849. 1867.
Tea 1 lb. 13 oz. 31bs. lOJoz.
Sugar 24 lbs. -itslbs.
Wine. 0.22 galls. 0.45 galls.
Tobacco.... 1 lb. 1 lb. 5J- oz.
Spirits 1 gull. 0.98 gall.
Malt 1.40 bush. 1.07 bush.
Thus is tho fact established by conclusive
and incontrovertible demonstration that in the
United States our protective tariff and irre-
deemable paper money combined have reduced
the purchasable value of the wages of the
workingmen, and diminished their means to
supply themselves with comforts and luxuries ;
while the free-trade and hard-money system
of England has increased the wages of the
workingman of that country, and added to his
means of supplying himself with the comforts
and luxuries of life.
And in connection with this subject it should
be remarked that in the manufacturing estab-
lishments of England the hours of labor vary
from 51 to 00 hours per week, and most trades
and manufactures there are 04 per week or 9
hours per day ; while in this country they are
00 hours per week or 11 hours per day. And
the facts 1 have above cited show further that
the workingmen of England are not exactly
" pauper" laborers against whose competition
it is necessary to protect the millionaires whose
capital is invested in the cotton, woolen, and
pig-iron manufactures of this country.
In discussing the subject of wages Dr. Strang,
whom I have befere quoted, mentions the im-
portant and pregnant fact that improvements
m machinery have been attended by increased
wages of labor. In the old factories a spinner
could not gain more than 20s. per week; while
in the new mills, with improved machinery, his
wages may reach 35s. In the one he can man-
age 500 spindles; in the others 1,500 or 2,000.
And the same remark is made inTooke'sHis-
tory of Prices in reference to sewing-machines,
the wages of the women who superintend them
being considerably higher than any wages pre-
viously earned by mere seamstresses.
Thus is the inventor, who impersonates on
earth the creative power of God in the uni-
verse, the minister of benefits and blessings
to the human race. He is the pioneer in the
advance of civilization. To him is the world
indebted for the steam-engine, the spinning-
jenny, the power-loom, the ship, the steam-
boat, the railroad, the telegraph, and the thou-
sand other wonderful machines and processes
which have contributed so much to supply the
wants and to increase the happiness of man-
kind. Lethimbe honored, let him be revered,
let him be protected by securing to Mm the
just fruits of his incomparable genius.
If improvements in machinery increase the
productive capacity and wages of labor they
will, in time, diminish the hours of labor. And
although the time may not be now, it may yet
come when eight or even a less number of
hours will be all that will be required of labor
to supply the needs of society. Thus invention
lightens the burdens of labor and gives increased
opportunitiesfor the intellectual and moral im-
provement of the workingman; and thus the
inventor, by creating labor-saving machinery,
goes on to fulfill his great mission of benefi-
cence to mankind.
HOW LABOR IS STILL OPPRESSED.
I have remarked that the modern instrument-
alities for subjugating labor to capital, and of
weakening the ability of the workingman to
resist the oppressions of civil government, in
short, of enslaving him by the fetters of pov-
erty, more inexorable and remorseless than
slavery in its legalized forms, is high taxation
and extravagant expenditure. This policy ac-
complishes that form of despotism which exists
in modern nations, some of them professedly
free in theory, over the workingman. To create
the necessity of high taxation, large govern-
mental establishments are kept up, large armies,
navies, civil lists, church establishments, rental
systems, and national debts.
" The armies, navies, civil lists, and church
establishments furnish the offices and places
of the men who live on salaries and are the
favorites and too often the subservient sap-
porters of those Governments, even in their
oppressions. And the rental systems and na-
tional debts afford the opportunities for the
investments of the capitalists. They all require
vast sums of money for their support, and for
the payment of rents and interest on national
debts, all of which is produced by labor and
comes out of the workingman. They are enorm-
ous in their proportions as well as in their ex-
actions. Tho armies and navies of modern
Europe employ millions of men, the civil
service large numbers more. The aggregate
national debts of Europe, as appears by a table
which I have prepared, exceeds the vast sum
of $11,000,000,000, requiring taxation at least
to the amount of $500,000,000 annually ; and
tho rentals of England alone, some years ago,
wore about $500,000,000 annually. These facts
show how greatly labor is burdened in Europe
by taxation. I have prepared tables of the
revenues and expenditures of the principal
nations of Europe, in which are comprised the
receipts and expenditures of the two leading
nations, England and Erance, for 1868-69,
which are as follows:
Tlcvenuei. Expenditures.
England  $351,777,500 4352,071,158
France  328,180,015 323,012,139
(Currency is reduced at the rate of $4 85 in
gold for the pound sterling, and 5.25 francsfor
the dollar.)
These vast sums go to pay tho employ6s and
favorites of Government and the interest on
the national debts. Is it a matter of wonder
that the workingman of Europe is the vic-
tim of poverty and suffering and sorrow, in
view of the heavy burdens which rest upon his
shoulders ?
And with the advent of the party now in
power the .same system of enormous taxation
and expenditure has been inaugurated here.
W e have here a costly Army and Navy to main-
