290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
Senate.
State of Georgia—Mr. Trumbull.
41st Gong....2d Sess.
election was entitled to be sworn in as a mem-
ber? Never. He never thought of such a
tiling, nor did any one else. The doctrine
never obtained in this country, eve.n where
notice of ineligibility was given to the voter at
the time.
But how inapplicable the English rule is to
this Georgia case. In the first place, how could
the voter in Georgia know whether the person
he was voting for was disqualified by the third
scetion of the fourteenth amendment? He
would have no means of knowing whether the
candidate had taken an oath some time or other
to supportthe Constitution of the United States
and subsequently joined in the rebellion. Again,
how could the voter know but that the Congress
of the United States could remove the candi-
date's disabilities after his election, and before
he should be required to qualify, as has been
done for several of the members of the Legisla-
ture of Georgia? The voter, then, could not
give his vote with the absolute knowledge that
the person voted for would not be permitted to
qualify. He might well suppose that the Con-
gress would remove the disabilities of his can-
didate, if he had any to be removed, as it had
done in numerous other cases.
The Senator referred to a case in Indiana
that he thought sustained his doctrine. I will
not take up the time of the Senate to-night to
comment upon it. My friend from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] showed that so far from sus-
taining the opinion advanced by the Senator
from Indiana it was directly against it, and
laid down the doctrine that unless the voter
knew at the time he cast the vote that the per-
son for whom he was voting could not hold the
office his vote was to be counted to defeat the
minority candidates.
There is no authority, English or American,
for seating the minority candidates in the Geor-
gia Legislature. The Senator from Indiana
farther says:
"Taking all these clauses of the constitution of
Georgia together, I state the true doctrine to be this:
in the first place, it was not in contemplation of law
that these terms should begin until the State takes
her place in the Union and the government goes into
lull operation."
I answer that by saying and by showing that
the ordinance provided expressly for their terms
to begin when by act of Congress they were
authorized to begin, or when the general com-
manding authorized it; which is a complete
answer to that suggestion.
Then says the Senator from Indiana:
"That Governor Bullock does notbecome the Gov-
ernor of Georgia until the State is restored."
In answer to which I say and show that he
was duly inaugurated as Governor of the State
of Georgia in 1868; that he then entered upon
the discharge of his duties, under the act of
Congress and the order of General Meade, and
acted as Governor for two years ; which is a
perfect answer to the suggestion here made.
The Senator from Indiana says further:
" The section that I first read authorizes the time
of election to be changed, authorizes it to be post-
poned. The Senator says it cannot be postponed
beyond the two years. Well, then, why provide that
tho members shall hold their seats until their sue-
cessors are elected and qualified?"
I answer, because it was necessary that they
should hold until their successors were elected
and qualified, so as to determine who should
assemble^ as the Legislature in case of an
extraordinary session, called between the time
of the election of their successors and the time
when such successors were to meet and qualify.
I think that is a perfect answer to that sug-
gestion.
I intended to have said a word in reply to
some observations made by the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] who quoted me as
authority for imposing fundamental conditions
on a State, or changing the constitution of
Georgia by act of Congress. The Senator read
from some remarks of mine made in
when Georgia was before us for admission, to
show that I had insisted that under a clause
of her constitution the Congress of the United
States had a right to alter and change the con-
stitution of Georgia. I thought it very strange
thatlcouldhave advanced sucha doctrine, and
concluded to turn to the book from, which he
read. On doing so I find that he read a sentence
or two from some remarks of mine, which, by
themselves, convey an erroneous impression,
but he stopped right at the place where I stated
the ground upon which the Congress of the
United States required the Legislature of Geor-
gia to strike from her constitution the uncon-
stitutional provisions impairing the obligations
of contracts. Here is what I said:
" The ground upon which that is done, I will say
to tho Senator from Ohio, is this:" that this clause
which he has read, and which declares that no court
in the State of Georgia shall take jurisdiction of
any cause of action which arose prior to 1865, is un-
constitutional! it is contrary to the Constitution of
the United States. It impairs directly the obliga-
tion of contracts."
That is very plain. It was very obvious that
a clause in the constitution of Georgia- which
declared that no court should take cognizance
of a contract entered into before 1865 was in
conflict with the Constitution of the United
States, and therefore it was incumbent on
Congress to say that such a provision should
never have effect in the constitution of Geor-
gia. It is true I called attention also to the
clause in the constitution of Georgia au-
thorizing Congress to accept the constitution
upon conditions; but I stated precisely that
the ground upon which this was done was the
unconstitutionality of the provisions inserted
in the constitution of Georgia.
I come now, Mr. President, to make a few
observations upon the bloody part of this de-
bate. The Senator from Indiana seemed to
take pleasure in bringing before the Senate
and the country the most horrid scenes of the
war, and of murder and outrage that have
occurred since the war, and he stated in regard
to Georgia:
"The history of Georgia for the last eighteen
months presents annals of outrage, of blood, such
as can scarcely be found in any country in the
world. Murders by the hundred have been com-
mitted with perfect impunity, the murderers going
abroad at noonday ' unwhipped of justice,' not
arrested, defying tho friends and the families of the
men who have been murdered."
Upon what evidence was this sweeping state
ment made? Certain paragraphs were read
from a report of General Terry, but they do
not sustain it. I propose to read a paragraph
or two from the report of that officer. I read
from General Terry's report, dated August 14,
1869, and transmitted to the Senate by the
President:
" That very many of tho crimes whieh have been
committed have no political bearing, I believe." 1
w 5: * not suppose that the great majority
of the people of the State of either race approvo of
the commission of these crimes. I believe that not
only would they gladly see good order restored, peace
and quiet maintained, and the law vindicated, but
would lend their aid to soeure these ends were they
not controlled by their fears."
This is the official report of General Terry,
that in the State of Georgia he does not sup-
pose that "the great majority of the people of
the State of either race approve of the com-
mission of these crimes."
The condition of Georgia is as the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] so well de-
scribed the other day to be the condition of all
these rebel States. He told you, -Mr. Presi-
dent, that so far as crimes of every kind hav-
ing their origin in purposes of gain Or motives
of revenge were concerned-, there were fewer
of them all over the South than before the war.
He told you that the States of the South would
compare favorably with any of the northern
States in this respect. But he said that there
were political offenses being committed in the
South by organized bands, and I agree with
him that these organizations ought to be put
down. But who compose them ? Not the great
majority of the people in Georgia at least. A
great majority of the people of both races there
are opposed to them. The State of Georgia is
in the hands of Governor Bullock. Every
judge in that State was appointed by him ; the
Legislature is in harmony with him; and are
we to be told that the peace cannot be pre-
served in Georgia with a Governor and a Legis-
lature and a judiciary all in harmony, and
backed by the great majority of the people,
both of the white race and the black race?
Whose fault is it that the peace is not preserved
in that State ? Is it not an admission of imbe-
cility or incompetency on the part of the State
government that they do not preserve the
peace?
I agree that these wicked organizations should
be put down. Perhaps they are a natural con-
sequence, to some extent, growing out of the
war ; but where the State organization is in the
hands of loyal men in all its departments, and
supported by thegreat mass of the people, both
white and black, 1 ask you why the peace is not
preserved ?
It is the duty of the States to preserve uhe
peace within their own borders ; notwben some
man is murdered in a county, not when asheriff
is shot down, to fly to Washington and ask the
President for troops, martial law, and the sus-
pension ofthe habeas corpus. Neitherthe Pres-
ident nor the United States has authority to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus except in time
of war; but a State may suspend the writ of
habeas corpus or declare martial law within us
limits when necessary to the preservation of
peace and the execution of its laws. Let the
State of Georgia, through its Governor and its
Legislature and its courts, execute its laws.
Why, sir, if in one of the counties of Illinois
there was an organized band committing mur-
der and all sorts of crimes, do you suppose the
Governor or the people of that State would
come to Washington and ask the President of
the United States for troops to put down and
bring to justice those disturbers of the peace?
No, sir; the people of-that State, a large ma-
jority being opposed to disorder and Violence,
as General Terry says they are in Georgia,
would see to it that peaceable citizens were
protected against outlaws. Let the law-abid-
ing people of the South learn to rely on them-
selves, and in this way create a public sentiment
at home that will put down these murdering
gangs. They have both the authority and the
power to do it if they will only exercise them.
But, sir, the condition of thingsJn Georgia
is not worse than in other southern States; far
from it. The Senator from Indiana, in his
speech made a few days ago, went back to the
period of the war, read from reports made in
1868, and brought in review before the Senate
and the country the horrors of the prison-pens
of the South and all the disorder and violence
that have occurred since the war. According
to his statement the outrages in Kentucky, as
shown by a report made in 1868, were three
hundred and twenty-seven; the outrages in
Louisiana in sixty days—mark you, in sixty
days—in 1868 were eight hundred and fifty-nine
murders; and in the State of Louisiana, prior
to the election of 1868, the Senator from Indi-
ana tells you twenty-five hundred men were
murdered. The murders in Texas he tells you
were three thousand. In fourteen days in Ala-
bama nine men were murdered in one county,
and in fourteen days in four other counties fif-
teen men were murdered. Has anything lik«
this occurred in Georgia? Nothing like it.
How is it in that Slate? In Georgia,^ from
January 1 to November 15, 1868, according to
the statement of the Senator from Indiana,
there were three hundred and thirty-six '' mur-
