1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4137
dians, to be used by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior in aiding and supporting refugee Indians
in the State of Kansas; and that payment, 1
understand, was made. The Secretary of the
Treasury turned over, in pursuance of that law,
$250,000 to the Secretary of the Interior, and
the Secretary of the Interior applied it to the
support of refugee Indians in Kansas.
Mr. MORTON. Did that leave the §250,000
still provided for here?
Mr. HARLAN. No ; the $250,000 to be
paid in money under the law of 18G1 was so
paid to the Indians direct.
Mr, MORTON. So I thought.
Mr. HARLAN. Then the law of 18G5, if
I am right in the dates, provided that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury should, in lieu of the
$250,000 in bonds, provided for in the law of
1861,turn over to the Interior Department that
amount to aid in supporting refugee Indians.
Mr. MOIITON. Does this provide for issu-
ing bonds for the same sum over again?
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, no. Doubtless the
intention of Congress at that time was to wipe
out the obligation to pay the $2-50,000 in bonds.
The question with the Committee on Indian
Affairs was whether Congress bad the power
to do this without consulting the Indians;
whether the Government was not bound by the
previous contract, and whether the treaty of
3 86G did not revive and invigorate whatever
obligation the Government was under in 1801
to pay this amount in bonds. It is a question
of law merely.
Mr. MORTON. It occurs to me that when
these Indians went into the rebellion they for-
feited the treaty stipulations and Congress had
a right to withhold the payment of this $250,-
000 or direct it to be paid to the Secretary of
the Interior for the use of the loyal Indiana.
But now hero is a provision in the treaty of
1866 that bonds shall be issued to the Indians
for this $250,000. The amendmentoffered by
the Senator trom Kentucky, and I believe that
of the Senator from Connecticut is substan-
tially the same, is that these bonds shall bear
date from ]8(>1 instead of 1806, the effect of
which will be to give these Indians interest on
the $250,000 during the time they were in a
state of rebellion.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator is mis-
taken as to the effect of my proposition. My
proposition is, that the bonds shall bear inter-
est from the termination of the fiscal year,
180(5, when the treaty was made. The propo-
sition of the Senator from Connecticut to
amend my amendment is, to carry the interest
back to the time the bonds should have issued
in 1871.
Mr. MORTON. It is that amendment 1
desire to oppose.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Will the Senator per-
mit me to say a woid?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It makes 110 differ-
ence to the Government of the United States
except this: the bonds shall become due earlier
if they are dated in 1861 than if they are dated'
in 1868. There is uo other difference. _ They
are payable at the same time and with the
same rate of interest.
Mr. MORTON. I do not think there is any-
thing in this section of the treaty that requires
interest on this sum to be computed from 1861
to 1866, or that there is any moral or legal
obligation to pay these Indians interest on this
money during the time they were in rebellion
when it was morally and legally lorleited. 'Ine
provision is in these words :
" And further agrees to renew the payment of all
annuities and ottier moneys accruing under sr.sh
treaty ^Upulatior.a an*i acta of ies'wi.'T.tioti irom ana
after the clo«e of the fiscal year ending on the bOth
of J uuo m the year 1S03."
In other words, it is substantially creating a
new obligation of payment and fixing a new
time, and certainly it proceeds upon the hypoth-
esis that this money had been forfeited by the
rebellion of these Indians, and now, by a new
treaty, the Government renews the obligation
to pay it and fixes the time when that payment
shall begin ; and it seems to me that there
should be no interest paid in any form or com-
puted from 1861 to 186C, and that this treaty
does not require it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not know whether
I am in order in speaking again ; if not, I ask
for permission.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
entitled.to speak twice in the same debate.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It appears to me that
the obligation of the United States to renew
their pledges to the Choctaws is based upon this
treaty of 186G, which of itself reaffirms all obli-
gations arising out of previous treaties. It
goes upon the ground that whatever acts may
have been committed by the Choctaws they
are to be overlooked, and there is a very good
reason for it. The obligations of this Govern-
ment were to protect those Indians from such
intrusion and such influences by the public
enemies of the U nited States, so that they could
not force them into rebellion. Failing to do
this, it was right and proper that the Govern-
ment should recognize these obligations and
overlook whatever apparent crime the Indians
may have committed by making a part of their
people fly from the enemies of the Government
into the loyal sections of our country. This
treaty, it appears to me, is not a pledge that
we should begin in the year 1866 to pay what
we ought to have paid in 1861, but in 18GG that
we would go back and fulfill all the obligations
we were under in 1861; and in doing that, as
I said, it makes no difference when we begin,
except simply as to the time when the interest
on these bonds shall become due.
Jli'. DAVIS. I will make a single remark
in justification of these Indians. The southern
Indians had a treaty forced upon them that was
negotiated in New Echota, in Alabama, in the
year 1836 or 1838. That treaty wits made with
a small minority of the southern Indians, and
was made in deliance of the will and the determ-
ination of the governing power of those In-
dians. After it was made in this violent and
unlawful manlier, many of the Indians refused
to remove from their southern home to their
now home west of the Mississippi river, and
the armies of the United Slates were sent into
their country and were iequired to hunt them
up and to taiiC them by foice and to carry them
west of the Mississippi river. A remnant of
the Cherokee Indians betook themselves to the
mountains of North Carolina; and in defiance
of the provisions of this spurious and fraudu-
lent treaty, and all the efforts of the Govern-
ment of the United States by the military arm
to remove them by force, they havo remained
in those mountains to the present day. But
after the great mass of the southern tribes of
Indians had moved to their new homes west
of the Mississippi they made another treaty
with the United States, in which the United
States guarantied to them the peaccable pos-
session in fee-simple of all the lands ceded to
them west of the Mississippi river, and it sol-
emnly pledged its faith in that treaty, by the
most explicit trems, that it would forever pro-
tect them in the peaceable occupancy and pos-
session of their now homes.
When the rebellion broke out the United
States was in no condition to execute itsobiiga-
gationsurider this treaty to these Indians. The
Indians met in council at the beginning of the
rebellion and solemnly resolved that they would
preserve neutrality between the rebels and the
Government of the United States, and invoked
the Government of the United States to the per-
formance of its treaty obligations to them in
protecting them in the peaceable occupancy
and enjoyment of the homes which it had
loreed upon them. The United States Gov-
ernment was in no position, and made no
effort whatever to execute that obligation. It
had not a soldier within the Indian country or
convenient to it with which to attempt to exe-
cute its treaty obligatious. What was the conse-
quence? The rebels were hovering around
that country in three distinct armies, number-
ing in the aggregate some fifty or sixty thousand
soldiers. They sent their missionaries in to the
Indian country to consult the Indian, authori-
ties; andthey were told by those missionaries
or commissioners sent from the rebels that
they could not remain neutral; that they should
take part in that conflict, and unless they took
part on the side of the rebels the rebels were
there ready with their force of fifty or sixty
thousand troops to strike them mercilessly
because of their refusal to make war against
the Government that had solemnly guarantied
to them the peaceable and secure possession
of that country.
What did they do? They were forced by the
presence of that large army, which was upon
their borders and ready to "take possession of
their whole country and to claim it as conquest;
they were forced by the presence and threats
of that army to take part in the war. If the
Government of the United States had been in
a condition to execute its pledge faithfully, its
treaty obligation to them, to secure them in the
peaceable possession of their now homes, they
never would have gone into the war. They
becamc parties to it against their will, against
their judgment, against their interests. They
knew that all the horrors and devastations of
war would visit their country, let them take
either course. But when the United Slates
armies had been either surrendered or had
retreated from their country, and the portions
of the United States territory contiguous to it,
and our Government had not a soldier with
which to protect them, and the rebels had such
a large military force threatening to burst upon
them like adestroyingthunder-cloud, they were
constrained and intimidated to take part iii the
war.
Sir, it was this inability of our country to
perform its treaty stipulations with these Indians
that impelled it in its sense of justice in 1860
to renew all its obligations to these Indians iu
their fullest extent Among these obligations)
was one that ought to have been executed iu
1861, by issuing bonds to the amount of $250,-
000 to these Indians, if these bonds had been
issued then and delivered to the Indians, as
they should have been, on their face they would
have carried interestat five percent. perannum
from the day oftheir execution. But they were
not issued. Equity and justice and magnan-
imity to the Indians require that the obligations
of our Government to them, if they cannot be
literally executed, shall be executed to the full-
est practicable extent. As the bonds were not
issued, in view of the full, perfect, and uncon-
ditional recognition in the treaty of 1866 by the
United States of all it§ obligatious to these In-
dians existing before the rebellion, the terms
of the recognition require that these bonds
should take effect from the time when they
should have been issued.
1 maintain, and it is my construction of the
treaty of 18C6, that the date referred to there
has reference exclusively and singly to the time
of tho payment of money and not to the time
when au^r obligation of the Government to the
Indians should take effect; and why? Because
the language is broad, explicit, and as emphatic
and plain as language can be that all the obli-
gations existing on the part of tho United
States Government, to the Indians previous to
the rebellion, were then in their fullness of
force and of words as they existed before the
rebellion, recognized and reaffirmed, and cer-
tainly the right of the Indians to interest upon
the bonds from the time oftheir issue was one
plain and most direct obligation ot tho Govern-
ment.
My honorable friend from Connecticut [Mr.
Buukixgilui] thinks with me that in fairness,
in justice, in the execution of the literal obli-
gation of the treaty of I860, these bonds, so far
as their principal is concerned, snould bo
$250,000, and that they should have etieot on
the subject of interest from the tune tney ougat
to have been issued, by the express words or
