1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5081
ing the Government in the House of Commons,
and at the head of affairs, replied—I read from
Hansard's Parliamentary Debates:
" Mr. Secretary Fox was astonished at the opinion
expressed by the honorable gentleman on this sub-
ject. For his part, he should consider an act such as
he recommended a shameful confiscation. The bill
under tile consideration of the committee was not
for taxing foreigners, but British subjects. So unjust
did he think such a measure, it would involve in it
such a flagrant breach of faith, that if the revenue
'resulting from it were ever so great he should think
it his dutv to reject it."
The proposition was rejected ; and from that
time down to the present foreigners holding
property in the British funds have not been
taxed ; and I believe that is the rule which
prevails among all civilized countries. It is
the rule we have adopted thus far in our coun-
try, and now, by the general proposition before
the Senate, it is proposed to reverse that rule.
Why, sir, you cannot do it without a new
form of repudiation, which will be utterly de-
structive of your credit abroad. At once it
would send back in a stream of bonds all the
securities which are now in Europe, filling and
glutting our market and throwing upon us the
odium of repudiation.
I hope, sir, the proposition will not be enter-
tained for a moment.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, this meas-
ure, which proposes to tax the bonds, has for
its object, I suppose, the raising of revenue.
If so, I think it incomplete, and it seems to
me that it would be wise, instead of five per
cent., to make the rate fifty per cent, or sev-
enty-five per cent. It seems to be a measure
to filch from bondholders, foreign or native,
that which by contract belongs to them ; and
I see no reason under the sun, while we are
violating the public faith, why we might not
just as well violate it for some purpose. If the
income tax had not been stricken out of this
bill, if the Congress of the United States pro-
posed to continue the income tax, a tax upon
incomes of all kinds, I could see a propriety
in making a proposition of this sort apply to
the bonds held by the American citizen, be-
cause it would be equal over all citizens ; but
there is no special reason for exempting the
income from the bonds of the Government in
the possession of the American citizen that
does not apply equally as well to all other
kinds of income. But when these bonds are
held by foreigners, by men upon whom our tax
laws are not expected to operate, it seems to
me simply a proposition to take by force that
which we have the power to take without the
shadow of an excuse in right or in justice, or
in the terms of the contract.
Mr. President, I respectfully suggest, with
all respect to the Senator from Delaware, that
he would accomplish his purpose better by
making the tax one hundred per cent.; for if
we have the right to take five per cent, from
the bonds held by the European bondholder
we have the same right precisely to take one
hundred per cent.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have the
vote now.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, there is
nothing so indicative, in my judgment, that
this Government is every day approaching a
personal government as the sensitiveness ex-
pressed whenever the bonds of the ^national
Government are touched. Is our credit based
on such a shallow foundation that we cannot
express our opinions and vote in accordance
with the dictates of our judgment without con-
stantly being charged with repudiation, with
violating a sacred pledge ? Sir, it seems to me
that whenever a foreigner seems to be affected
by our legislation he receives far greater and
abler defense than one of our own people who
is affected or referred to.
Sir, is it not enough that we stand to-day a
mere tributary to the Powers on the other side
of the water? Is it not satisfactory to those
who are their ablest defenders to know that the
prices of everything we grow is determined by
the action of those who arc to day receiving
such protection and commendation? Sir, it
is in my remembrance that the Congress of
the United States authorized a tax at the rate
of five per cent, upon the interest due by pri-
vate corporations, to be taken from the amount
their stockholders were to receive. It is in my
remembrance that the railroad and other bonds
of this country were taxed by this Government,
and the railroad companies were authorized to
withhold five per cent, from the interest of the
holder and owner of the coupons. Is there
anything in the proposition before the Senate
which is different from that? Is it any worse
for one to influence a breach of contract on the
part of another, if such it be, than to do it
yourself? Sir, the act of Congress which took
from the interest on the bonds compelled a vio-
lation, if such it be, of the original issue of the
bonds, as much as there is any violation here.
I would not have voted for this proposition
had not the Senate in its judgment seen fit to
repeal the income tax, a tax which, in the
judgment of the Senate, in consequence of
the able representation of that view here and
elsewhere, has been deemed to be an unfair
and unequal one. Sir, the barrier to a tax
upon your bonds has been removed in conse-
quence of the repeal of that tax. Senators
who would otherwise by no manner of means
touch this contract are necessitated to do it,
so that the class who are the best able to pay
shall pay something toward the expenditures
of this Government.
_ ThePRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Edmtods
in the chair.) The Senator's time has expired.
Mr. WARNEIl. Mr. President, I cannot
vote for this proposition, because it is clearly
to my mind in direct violation of the plain con-
tract of the Government of the United States,
and is an act of repudiation. The case has
been made of taxing salaries under the income
tax. I submit to the Senate.whether when the
Government of the United States appoints a
man to office it makes any contract whatever
with him. There is no semblance of a con-
tract. The Government tenders a citizen a
commission for a certain office; it may turn
that citizen out the next hour or the next mo-
ment. It simply proffers him an office with a
certain salary thereto affixed, and it may remove
him the next moment. There is no contract;
whereas in the case of these bonds the Govern-
ment agreed distinctly and positively that it
would pay a certain amount of money at a cer-
tain time, with a certain rate of interest, and
from that there is no escape ; and the light to
tax these bonds and take from them one hun-
dred per cent, is just as clear as the right to
take one per cent.
I think there i3 great force in the suggestion
of the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,]
that just now, when we are proposing to give
the financial agent of the Government author-
ity to go into the markets of the world to bor-
row money at a lower rate of interest, relieving
the people of eighteen or twenty millions of
taxation, we should not adopt an amendment
like this, asserting the power of this Govern-
ment to break any contract it may make and to
withhold any part of the interest which we may
have agreed to pay. Suppose the Senate adopts
this amendment, and the Secretary of the
Treasury, under a funding bill which may pass,
offers our bonds in our own country or in the
markets of the world abroad ; he will be met
at once with the charge, "Why, here, Mr.
Secretary, your Government holds the right
after you have made this contract to give four
per cent., to take back one per cent, and give
us only three ; and if you can take back one
you can take back two." What probability is
there that the financial agent of this Govern-
ment could negotiate a loan at any rate of
interest whatever, and what faith would the
capitalists of the world hare in it?
i think this apparent inequality here comes
from the unwise repeal of the income tax. We
had provided in the income tax for taxing all
the incomes derived from Government bonds,
and met the very objection that is urged by our
Democratic friends on this floor now ,0x1 this
amendment; and now they come forward and
propose this amendment and propose to reach
only one class of securities, those of the Uni-
ted States, while they do not propose to touch
investments in railroad bonds, gas stocks, State
bonds, and the many other classes of secu ci-
ties much more profitable than the Govern-
ment bonds. They strike directly at the credit
of the Government.
It the Senator would so modify his proposi-
tion as to include the income derived from all
invested capital I would favor it; and I think
myself that would be a wise modification of the
income tax. The most forcible objection made
to that tax is that it is a tax upon the product
of the labor of the hands of the mechanic or
the artisan, or upon the brain work of the law-
yer or the physician or any other citizen who
derives income from the product of his labor.
If you will put it upon the income derived from
invested capital, and exempt that derived from
labor, I think the tax would be free from its
strongest objection. The lawyer who this year
by his brain work earns $10,000 perhaps ought
not to be taxed upon it, but next year, when
that $10,000 goes into an investment in land, in
the bonds of the United States, or in the bonds
of any railroad, it should be taxed. I now
offer the following amendment as a substitute
for this proposition  •
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend from
Alabama will let us have a square vote on this
proposition.
Several Senators. Yes, yes.
Mr. DRAKE. Let us have a square vote.
Mr. WARNER. On that suggestion, as I
want a square vote, I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have a vote
now. We have a great many measures to act
on. Let us have the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 83; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, MeCreery, Pratt, Spencer,
Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, and Vickers—12.
KAY S—Messrs. An thony, Boreman, Ch andler.Cor-
bett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds,Fen ton,ttilbert, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Howell, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Revels, Bice, Sawyer,
Schurz, Seott, Sherman, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton.
Trumbull, Warner, Wiiley, Williams, and Wil-
son—35. . _
AB-SBNT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames.Brownlow,Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Catteli, Cole, Conk-
ling, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Howard,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Norton, Patterson, Pool,
Robertson, Boss, feaulsbury, Stewart, and Yates—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. I submit this amend-
ment 
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator allow me
to present a motion in reference to the meet-
ings of the Senate, for the consideration of the
Senate ? I presume the Senate is now unusually
full, and it will take but a moment. It will
excite no debate, I think.
Mr. THURMAN. I will hear it, and see
what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri asks unanimous consent to pre-
sent an order. It will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That after this day the Senate shall,meet
at ten o'clock a. in., and that tho order heretofore
made for night sessions be rescinded.
Mr. POMEROY and others. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The propo-
sition cannot be entertained at this time. The
amendment of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thurman] will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That there shall he levied and collected, in tho
m'mncr heroiitaiier snpeified, a ta.v of five per cent,
upon tho income of every person ivaiding in J h'^ Uni-
ted Urates, and of every citizen ol the United States
residing abroad, derived from interest on the bonds
< fth< UnkodShHe-s s^ud Ux to bo collcoted by with-
holding tho same in tho payment of such mlercdt.
