1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
41st Cong....2d Sess.
State of Georgia—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
ders and assaults." He does not state how
many of the offenses were murders and how
many assaults. I do not think that is a very
bad showing for the great State of Georgia,
with more than a million people. I doubt if
fewer personal outrages occurred among the
same number of people during the same length
of time in any of the States.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
from Illinois permit me to say a word in rela-
tion to Kentucky ?
i Mr. TRDMBULL. Certainly.
' Mr. DAVIS. The report in relation to the
State ofKentueky was given through the Freed-
inen's Bureau, and it is at least nine tenths of
it false. A general in the Army connected with
the Freedmen's Bureau reported that in the
city of Lexington twelve negro soldiers on their
return from the Army had been seized by a mob
and all of them most inhumanly whipped and
some of them terribly lacerated. The Legis-
lature was then in session ; it raised a special
committee to investigate the matter, and this
general was summoned before the Legislature.
He happened to be in this city when 1 received
news of the proceeding in the Legislature, and
I had a conversation with him in the marble
room, in which I told him that his charge had
been investigated by the authorities of Lexing-
ton and a legislative committee was charged
specially with its investigation, and they had
come to the conclusion that it was wholly and
utterly false and there was not a single fact
upon which to base the charge. This whole
charge, so far as it relates to Kentucky, is pretty
much of the same character. I concede that
there are irregularities and murders in the State
of Kentucky, have been during the war and
since, but the vast majority of the murders that
have been perpetrated there have been by col-
ored people of colored people. In my own
county, which was the second largest slave
county in the State, I have heard of not one
solitary colored man that has been murdered
by a white man.
I have heard of two or three murders of
white men by colored men, and I have heard
of several rapes upon tender infants by colored
men. A colored man committed an act of
violence upon a child that was ten years old
during the war, used a knife; and the conse-
quence was that she was partially disembow-
eled. He was seized by a crowd and was
hung; and that was the only instance of the
taking of life of a colored man by white per-
sons that I have had any knowledge of in the
county of Bourbon. I heard of various cases
of that kind of violence upon infant children of
tender years by colored men, who were treated
and punished in the same way; and they are
about the amount of the murders of colored
men by white men, if they may be termed such,
except a few in the counties of Mercer, Marion,
and another county, where there are some few
Kuklux clubs. There I heard of a few colored
men being murdered by those clans. I have
desired that those clans should be put down
by any force, and I fully justify colored men
or any other men who are outraged by such
clans in shooting them down. But the out-
rages of these Kuklux Iilans have been mainly
on white persons, and have extended to ex-
rebel soldiers as well as to Union soldiers;
and that is about the complexion of all the
offenses of that kind in the State of Kentucky.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I doubt
not that there has been exaggeration in many
cases in regard to the outrages committed in
the South; and we know that many outrages
having no connection with political affairs, as
stated by General Terry, are attributed to
political causes.
But when interrupted I was calling attention
to the fact that the outrages in Georgia, accord-
ing to the Senator from Indiana himself, are
not a tithe of what they have been in Ti
and in Louisiana ; " three hundred and thirty-
six murders and assaults" altogether in Geor-
gia, while of murders alone there were twenty-
five hundred in Louisiana and three thou-
sand in Texas. Now, sir, it appears that Geor-
gia, according to his showing, is in a much
better condition than these other States. What
should we have heard upon this floor if there
had been nine murders in Georgia in fourteen
days in one county, as the Senator from Indi-
ana says there were in the State of Alabama?
It would have been rung through this Chamber
and through the country as a reason why Geor-
gia should not be allowed to hold an election
next fall, as her constitution requires, and as a
reason.for perpetuating its irregularly organ-
ized Legislature. How was it that Texas was
so much better fitted for representation, with
three thousand murders, than Georgia with
three hundred and thirty-six murders and out-
rages altogether; that the former should be
thrust in before the latter?
But, Mr. President, I cannot commend that
statesmanship which five years after a war
is closed, when the desire of all good men
should be to promote harmony aud good feeling
throughout the country and to restore friendly
relations among all the people, parades before
the Senate and the country these deeds of
blood so well calculated, if not designed, to
excite the passions and the enmities of the
people against each other, and especially when
resort has to be made to the musty reports of
1868 for materials for the bloody exhibition.
Mr. President, this statement of the Senator
from Indiana is a conclusive answer to the
proposition of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Drake.] The States where these outrages oc-
curred, every one of them, in 1868 were made
subject to military authority. By act of Con-
gress those States were divided into military
districts, and it was made the duty of the officer
assigned to the command of each " to protect
all persons in their rights of person and prop-
erty; to suppress insurrection, disorder, aud
violence ; aud punish, or cause to be punished,
all disturbers of the peace and criminals."
And by another provision of the reconstruction
acts it was declared .that the governments in
those States were subject in all respects to the
military commanders in the respective districts.
Mr. STEWART. Not in the presidential
election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Until after the 25th of
June, 1868, they were certainly under mili-
tary control; for that is the date of our act
recognizing them as entitled to representation.
Most of the outrages recited by the Senator
from Indiana are set forth in a report made in
1868, and during most of that year the mili-
tary authority was complete. If military power
could have stopped them the military had
ample authority to do it. But the difficulty is
to reach this particular class of offenders by
the regular soldiers of the Army. In order
to apprehend this murderous crew, organized
in secret bands, you must have men familiar
with the country and its inhabitants, who know
the haunts of the desperadoes and can hunt
them down. The Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Drake] told you how to correct the evil; he
told you how it was corrected in the State of
Missouri by the troops of Missouri herself. He
told you that they only had to send their forces
to one county in that State to stop it all. We
have been told by other Senators how it was
stopped in the State of Arkansas. The Gov-
ernor of that State called out the militia of
the State, the men who knew those who were
committing crimes, who knew in what coun-
ties they lived, where they went, and could
hunt them down and breakup their clans. But
the soldiers of the United States will be un-
familiar with the localities, and the - Senator
from Texas the other day told you that it
would not do to trust the forces of the United
States. He said the army of the United States
needed reconstruction.
The remedy for the difficulty i3 ' with the
States themselves and their law-abiding peo-
ple. Let them make the effort, and if they are
not powerful enough to crush out any opposition
to the law within their limits, let them then call
upon the United States, and they are entitled
under the Constitution to all the power of the
whole Government to assist them in putting
down lawlessness and violence. During this
debate there has beeu assumed for Congress
the most plenary power over almost every sub-
ject of legislation, and it is to these dangerous
assumptions of power on the part of the Fed-
eral Government, fatal, as I think, to the liber-
ties of the people if acquiesced in, and which
have been resorted to to justify the prolonging
of the term of the Legislature of Georgia, that
I desire now to call attention. Mark you, Mr.
President, the proposition under consideration
is to continue the Legislature of Georgia now
in power until 1872, and that, too, by virtue
of an act of Congress. It is proposed by the
Congress of the United States to extend the
term of the members of the Legislature of one
of the States for two years beyond the term
for which they were elected.
If it can be done in Georgia it can be done
in Illinois, Massachusetts, or any other State;
for when the State of Georgia is restored to
her former relations to the Union, as this bill
proposes to do at once, then she is a State
fully, completely, and with all the powers of
every other State in the Union. What would
be thought in the State of Illinois if it should
be said to the people of that State "the Con-
gress of the United States, the members elected
from Rhode Island and Massachusetts, from
Georgia, New York, and other States, assem-
bled at Washington, propose to prolong the
term of office of your Legislature in Illinois
that you elected for two years to four years."
What would the people of my State say to it?
I venture to say that no man of any party could
be elected constable in the whole State who
should advocate such a power on the part of
the Federal Government. Why, sir, the people
of that State would come up as unanimously
against this assumption of power, against this
attempt to deprive them of the right to choose
aud fix the terms of service of their own legis-
lators, as my colleagues in the House of Rep-
resentatives came up against it in the ease of
Georgia, and insupportof the Bingham amend-
ment, to prevent such an outrage in that State.
I am proud to say that fourteen members from
.Illinois, embracing every Representative of
both parties from that State, put their seal of
disapprobation upon this attempt to prolong a
Legislature in a State in defiance of its con-
stitution, and the people at home would be as
unanimous as their Representatives here. Tell
me that for Congress to prolong the Legisla-
ture of a State is republican doctrine! Why,
sir, it is the very opposite of republicanism.
How is it sought to be justified ? One Senator
justifies it in this language. Referring to those
who oppose the assumption of this power he
says :
" Slavery still asserts her ancient predominance,
finding strange voices. No longer is theclaim made
directly. Nothing is said of slavery, but the old
cause is defended under an alias."
It is defending the cause of slavery because
you refuse to put a Legislature upon an un-
willing people! When I refuse by act of Con-
gress to prolong the Legislature of a State two
years beyond the period for which itwas elected
I am told I am defending slavery under the
alias of State rights 1 What connection is there
between the two ? Not the remotest, and I am
not to be driven to the support of the usurp-
ation by Congress of the jast rights of the
States by the false cries of slavery and Cal-
hounism. Thank God, the people of the States
