1870,
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBI.
3193
Jersey atatea that by the tariff this article of
steel has been decreased in value, that they
are obliged to sell it at a less price.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Them is
There is no doubt
about it. „
Mr. KLDRIDG&
   Would it not be better
for liinT it' he were to take the tariff off and
place it where it was ? I assure him the con-
sumers of steel would be better off.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The gentleman from
Wisconsin, ia his little speech, like a great
many stump speeches, turns the facts inside
°UMr. ELDRIDGE. That is what I wish to do.
Mr. CLEVELAND. He reverses his own
statement by his own argument. If we went
back to the old duty on steel it would wipe out
all of the American steel-works. When you
take ofl' the weight from one balance the other
will go down, and by taking off the duty the price
of steel will go up. The gentleman, with all
liis experience and ability, cannot reverse that
order of things. Nature has provided it, and
he cannot reverse it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has the gentleman any
interest in iron-works?
Mr. CLEVELAN D. Fortunately I have no
interest in any iron or steel works anywhere,
as there are none of them making any money
at this time.
Now, to resume my remarks at the point
where I was interrupted, no man could make
steel in this country at a profit for want of
experience and skilled labor and the probable
liability of the trade sufficient to make it a
fair investment for capital. All who entered
the trade to make the finer grades of steel
failed, and the English makers had it all their
own way. The steel business demonstrated
itself first in this country in my district, at the
old Adirondack works in Jersey City, where it
was shown that we could make the best grades
of cast steel from American iron ; but the en-
tire control over the market held by the Eng-
lish makers, with a duty only nominal, made
it an unsafe investment for capital, and the
concern could not go into the manufacture
on a scale sufficiently large to insure success,
even if they had bad the skilled labor, and it
stopped. It was undertaken in Pittsburg, in
Philadelphia, in Massachusetts, in New York,
but all failed except those who made special-
ties in very low grades. The peculiar circum-
stances at the beginning of and daring the war
lifted the steel trade ia this country from a
state of uncertainty and doubt to a position of
positive success. That great calamity worked
is the interest of and built up this trade, as it
did some others of great importance and of
permanent benefit to the' country. It was one
of the very few redeeming features of that great
straggle, and I hope the country will never again
be indebted to any such state of things for
the cultivation of its manufacturing interests.
But the war carried the steel manafacturing
business forward, till the tariff took it np and
assisted it permanently. The eonsequence was
s fall in the price of steel in the market, as
shore stated, brought about by the competi-
tion between the English and American makers
striving for the market.
In 1867 there was imported, invoice value,
$2,780,000; the duty paid was $1,093,000, or
a little over 39 per cent, ad valorem.
In 1868 imported, invoice value, $1,962,000;
thedaty paid was $775,216, or 39J per cent,
sd valorem.
In 1869 imported, invoioe value, $2,596,000;
the daty paid was $1,080,000, or 41£ per cent.
ad talurem.
In 1867, by undervaluatioas, the average
Vftltte °f steel brought in was 6^ cents per
pound, and the average duty was 215o85 cents
per pound.
In 1868 the average was 6/jft cents per pound ;
average duty was l&a cents per pound,
1869 the average value was cents per
pounu 5 average duty 2^ cents per pound.
By the above it will be seen that on the
importations for three years the average duty
has been less than 2| cents per pouud by the
arrangement of the classes by values, opening
the door wide for undervaluations, aud the
English makers have made the best use of
their opportunity,
[Here the hammer fell.] *
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I renew it. Mr. Chair
mau, I do not know that I uaderstand any-
thing about this question of tariff. I often
think I do not; but I suppose I stand in a
position in common with the great mass of the
people. I am tired of the arguments of these
learned gentlemen who advocate high duties
and who so constantly assert that manufac-
turers cannot live without additional duties o>r
taxes being imposed upon the people; that
they cannot go on with their business unless
they have more protection, yet who ara all the
time telling us these high protective tariffs are
reducing the price of manufactures to the con-
sumers. Now, that is an enigma, a conun-
drum which none of these gentlemen have
endeavored to explain or answer. Why is it
that these manufacturers come here and tell
us constantly that they cannot manufacture
this article or that article unless they are more
highly protected, and at the same time that
the protective tariff already in existence has
decreased the price of the article to the con-
sumer? If that be so, how is it that we tind
the manufacturers here as the only advocates
of an increased rate of duty? Why is it that
the consumer does not come here and lobby
with this House, and labor with the learned
gentlemen of tha Committee of Ways and
Meana for the purpose of having the tariff
increased? If the representations of these
gentlemen are honestly made, and if it is realty
the fact that a high protective tariff decreases
the price to the consumer, it is strange that
we find no consumers here advocating the high
tariff which they propose to inflict on the people
of this conntry. •
Again, we are told here to-day that if we
will only increase this tariff the steel-makers
will in the course of ten or twelve years at most
be able to compete with all the countries that
manufacture steel, Mr. Chairman, we hare
always heard that plea on their behalf. We
have been told that our manufactures axe in
their infancy, that they need to be protected
during their tender years, and that when they
come to their majority they will be able to get
along without all the other avocations of life
paying tribute to them. I have heard that song
sung long enough. I am sickof it, and believe
it to be uutrne. As I once before remarked
to the committee, it is the heartiest, most ex-
pensive infant I ever knew; and we may well
ask ourselves, when will it be taken from the
breast? When will it have been nursed and
supported long enough? When will it grow
to its majority ? When will it cease to be an
infant? What will it cost to raise it, and will
it ever pay the expense of the raising? are
questions we should like to have answered
before we nurse it longer.
The last time the tariff was raised we were
told the same story, that but a few years more
of protection were necessary to give manufac-
tures all the strength they required. Yet now
they come again asking for a tariff over the
present rates of from 44 to 225 per cent, on this
article of steel. That is the tariff which they
ask that the people of this country shall pay—
my friend from New Jersey [Mr, Cleveland]
says—for twelve years. Do gentlemen believe
at the end of that time these manufacturers
will not be just as clamorous as they are to-day;
that they will not demand even a higher duty
than they do now? Have they ever been known
voluntarily to acceptor advise lower rates? .For
my part I have po idea that any one branch of
manufactures will ever outgrow its infancy.
No one has during my day, and X never expect
any one will. J do not suppose this steel busi-
ness will ever grow to manhood ; that it will
ever got beyond the necessity of protection;
that it will ever be self-sustaining.
The fact is that the manufacturers and the
protectionists desire to live upon the blood and
the sweat of labor. They desire to live, not by
their own labor, but upon the work and labor
of the people. When gentlemen demand this
protection they demand it in the interest of
capital and against the interest of labor. These
lobbies are full of manufacturers and their paid
agents urging higher aud higher tariffs, higher
aud higher protection ; not that revenue may
•flow into the Treasury, but that the people's,
the masses' mouey may go into the pockets
of these already overgrown capitalists. And
labor ia depressed day by day, and capital is
being centralized and combined iu the hands
of the few further to oppress it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, somethings
would be very amusing and refreshing if they
were not deplorable. Among these I would
Glass the tirade to which we have just listened
against the manufacturers, by one who is actu-
ally playing into their hands. The manufac-
turers have not asked this change of classifica-
tion. They have opposed it. We have forced
it upon them, or are trying to do so. And when
the gentleman set out by saying that lie prob-
ably did not know much about this matter he
could not have said anything that would he
more completely exemplified in all that talk
afterward about a baby that needed fostering,
and, unlike other babies, was going to live on
blood and thunder. I do not care for my part
whether it takes milk or blood. I repeat, how-
ever, what I said at the commencement of this
debate, that this is a question of revenue much
more than it is of protection.
It is a question in which the Government
and the consumers are interested very much
more than it is-a question for the manufac-
turers. I hold in my hand, for instance, a let-
ter addressed to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison,] a member of the Committeo of
Ways and Means, by these great steel manu-
facturers m Pittsburg in December last, in which
they ask'that the law Khali be let-alone as it is.
We were applied to continually by manufac-
turers not to interfere with this classification
which gentlemen now who are so opposed to
manufacturers are endeavoring to maintain.
By and by they found that the Committee of
Ways and Means were determined to cut up by
the roots all these frauds and protect the rev-
enues of the country, and then1 a letter was
received by the gentleman from 1 Tennessee
[Mr. Maynars] from the same parties, the
Black Diamond Steel Works of Pittsburg,
stating that they had come to the conclusion
that the oommittee was right in ignoring size
and grades, &c.; that the very best classifica-
tion would be on all steel, ingots, &c.,8|cents
per pound. That is to say, if the committee
is determined to bring it down to one class, if
the oommittee look to the advantage of the
Government and insist upon it that they will
not leave open this door to frauds any longer,
then give us 3J cents per pound and we can
get along.
Now, sir, what led to this? We found that
there were frauds being committed. I hold
the proofs in my hand. Here are the reports
of the revenue agents sent abroad upon this
subject, from one of which I will quote :
"Prior to July, 1846. steel in bara and sheets paid
a duty of 2i per eent. Bl the aot of July, 1840, the
duty wns changed to the ad valorem rate of 20 per
cent. Up' to the date of the passage of this act steel
had been shipped tothe United States by theSheflield
manufacturers at uniform rates in lilio Qualities,
which, as will apppar, woro greatly in oxcesa of pres-
ent invoice rates of like grades. I do'not claim for
this latter circumstance, however, any further con-
sideration than that to wliieh it may bo entitled in
so far as the change can be shown to bo in excess <>t
the actual decline which has taken placo dur'ms the
intervening period in the market valuo of steel in
Sheffield. I do claim, however, and i propoao to
