292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
Senate.
State of Georgia—Mr. Trumbull.
41st Cqng....2d Sess.
have not yet surrendered all their rights and
liberties to the keeping of Congress.
Again, it is said that the arguments in oppo-
sition to the organization of the present Legis-
lature of Georgia and its prolongation are
mere technicalities; that' 'they all resolve them-
selves into technicality." What, sir! To or-
ganize a Legislature contrary to law a technic-
ality? That is the way the Legislature of
Georgia was organized. Is it a technicality
when we expose it? Was it a technicality to
remove the disabilities from those members of
the Georgia Legislature who would support a
certain party, and refuse to remove them from
others? To hold out the promise, as was done
at Atlanta—and it is in proof here—to the mem-
bers of the Legislature supposed to be laboring
under disabilities if they would supporta certain
policy they should have their disabilities re-
moved, and if they would not do it they should
not. Was that a technicality? Wasita tech-
nicality to seat as members in the Legislature of
Georgia nineteen minority candidates who were
not elected by the people ? Is it a technicality
to extend the term of office of the Legislature
from 1870 to 1872, contrary to the constitution
of the State? Why, sir, if these aro technic-
alities what are realities? What is matter of
substancc if these things are not ?
Bat it was said by the same Senator in the
same speeoli, when speaking of the legislative
acts of Georgia and of tho ratification of the
constitutional amendments, "to my mind all
this is a matter of supreme indifference."
Sir, it is to me of the greatest importance
whether the Legislature of Georgia had com-
plied with tlje requirements of Congress.
Then we aro referred by the same Senator to
the powers under which it is claimed Congress
may do what it pleases in regard to Georgia,
in the first place we aro told that they are to
be found—
"Of oourso, in tlio constitutional amendments
already proclaimed, boing arnplo sources, if nono
others existed."
What have they to do with this question ?
What is the question, Mr. President? It is
whether the Legislature of Georgia shall be
continued two years beyond its constitutional
term. The question is, Where does Congress
get tke power to do that? What is the answer?
That thero are two sources: tho two consti-
tutional amendments. What wore they? One
abolishing slavery. Can human ingenuity show
any connection between tlio amendment to the
Constitution which abolished slavery and a
proposition to extend the legislative term of
the members of the Georgia Legislature fo%
two years. The fourteenth amendment secures
tho_rights of citizenship to the citizens of the
various States. What has that to do with ex-
tending tho term of a Legislature? Abso-
lutely nothing. Thero is no connection between
them.
Bat we are told:
" Tliere aro throo other sources of power, cach of
which is overflowing. The iirst is from tho necessity
of the ease.
Prom the necessity uf the case Congress has
authority to extend the term of the Legislature
of Georgia 1 I thought wo lived under a con-
stitutional Government. I thought that our
ancestors had been struggling for centuries to
regulate liberty by law, to put limitations upon
those having the exercise of power. But, sir,
what are the limitations worth when those who
happen for the time to be in authority can do
whatever necessity requires and they them-
selves are to judge of the necessity ? What is
despotism but the right of a ruler to do what
he pleases, himself judging of the necessity
as to what he shall do ? Sir, such' an idea is
utterly destructive of constitutional govern-
ment.
Another source of power to extend the
Georgia Legislature, we are told, is "the
guarantee clause." That is, that the .United
States shall guaranty to each State in the Union
a republican form of government. Astound-
ing as it may seem, that clause requiring the
United States to guaranty to each State a
republican form of government is so perverted
as to mate it the source of power to authorize
the United States to impose upon the State of
Georgia an anti-republican form of govern-
ment, which would be the case if Congress
should so change the constitution of Georgia
as to impose upon the State a Legislature
in spite of the people. Why, sir, this is liter-
ally taking the livery of Heaven to serve the
devil in.
I will not refer to another source of. power
which was given by the same Senator, [Mr.
Sumner.] I think the Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Carpenter] has sufficiently disposed
of the e pluribus unum source of power.
Mr. President, I have endeavored to answer
each of the arguments that have been advanced
in this discussion in favor of the exercise of
power to extend the term of the Legislature
of Georgia. I think I have shown conclusively
that the terms of the members of the present
Legislature of Georgia expire on the second
Wednesday of 1871; that'under the constitu-
tion of Georgia its Legislature has no authority
to perpetuate its power. I think I have shown
that the outrages in Georgia are less, accord-
ing to the statement even of those who parade
the outrages in the South before us, than in
most of the other southern States. I think I
have shown that the Legislature of Georgia
as at present organized is irregular, to say the
least. I think 1 have shown that there is no
constitutional power in Congress to extend
that Legislature. I think I have shown that
the proper way to suppress outrages in Georgia
is through the people of Georgia themselves,
and not by calling upon the Federal Govern-
ment.
Now, sir, I wish to say a few words in regard
to the amendment that has beeii Offered by the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake.] But
before proceeding to comment upon it I send
to the Secretary's desk and ask to have read
a speech which I made upon it when it was iirst
introduced.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. TittlMiitiLL. Mr. President, I liavo but a
word to my in regard to this amendment. So tar as
it ift necessary to bring into requisition the military
powor of the United States to suppress an insurrec-
tion in any of tho States of tho Union tooformulablo
to bo overcome by tho ordinary proccsa of judicial
proceedings, tho law is at present ample on tho
statute-book. What goes beyond that in the amend-
ment of tho Senator from Missouri is so monstrous
to be adopted in a tinio of peace that I shall content
myself with simply asking for the yeas and nays upon
the proposition."
Mr. TRUMBULL.' Those are the remarks
which I made when the Senator from Missouri
introduced his proposition. . They are just
twelve lines in the Globe. When I made them,
I said but little because I-did not intend to pro-
voke any reply. Those twelve lines have, how-
ever, furnished the occasion for three elaborate
speeches from the Senator from Missouri, in
which he has denounced them over and over,
again. That little speech on the amendment
which he introduced, and in which I simply
called for the yeas and nays, wishing to see who
could sustain such a proposition, applying, un-
fortunately it seems, the word "monstrous"
in regard to it, "so excited the Senator that we
have had three elaborate speeches upon it., Mr.
President, the proposition as he introduced it
and in the form in which I called the yeas and
nays upon it was palpably unconstitutional.
It read in this way:
"That whenever the Legislature or the Governor
of any State shall represent to the President of the
United States that there exist in such State organ-
izations or combinations of men engaged in the per-
petration of acts of violence against the persons or
property of others," &c.
Then the President shall be authorized to
march troops into, the locality, quarter them
upon the inhabitants, suspend the writ, pf ha-
beas corpus, &c. This proposition is dircctly
in the teeth of the Constitution, which says
that the United shall upon " application of the
Legislature, or of the Executive when the
Legislature cannot be convened," protect a
State ''against domestic violence.," But the
Senator from Missouri proposed to authorize
the President on the request of the Governor,
although the Legislature might be in session
at the time, and without inquiring whether it
could be convened, to march troops into a State
and quarter them upon its inhabitants. A prop-
osition to authorize the President to exercise
this despotic power at the request of a Gov-
ernor did strike me as monstrous. Such a
proposition was so opposed to the Constitution
and the liberties.of a free people that I did not
suppose it could receive a single vote in the
Senate; but I was mistaken. The Senator from
Nebraska [Mr. Thayer] sprang to his feet at
once, and here is what he said, encouraging
the Senator from Missouri not to be disheart-
ened :
" X am ready to vote for this proposition, although
it may seem 'monstrous* totheSonatorfrom Illinois.
1 am ready to vote for propositions still more mon-
strous in his view."
Oh, yes, the Senator from Nebraska was
willing to go for a proposition so palpably in
violation of the Constitution which he had
sworn to support. But the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] in his quiet way remarked:
"It is indefensible in itself."
He further said:
"The amendment proposed by the Senator from
Missouri contains provisions which, in my judgment,
not only would not tend to that result
That is, to restore peace—
"but arc in palpablo violation of the Constitution."
The Senator from Maine [Mr. IIamt.tx] said :
"Whiloldo not denominate it as 'monstrous,'I
say it is such a proposition as I think could com-
mand very few votes in this body."
The Senator from Missouri, greatly to the
chagrin and mortification no doubt of the Sen-
ator from Nebraska, who wanted to vote for
that unconstitutional proposition and some-
thing more monstrous still, asked permission
of the Senate to withdraw his amendment. lie
took it away. And yet I have been denounced
in three speeches for saying that it was mon-
strous.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois allow me to sava word at this point?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly. I do not
want a fourth speech on the subject; but then
1 will hear the Senator.
Mr.: DRAKE. There are two words now
that that remark makes necessary. First, I
have made no speeeh since the introduction
of that amendment until yesterday. Instead
of making three in defense of my amendment
I did not speak-on it until yesterday, as I think
the Senator will find. The second remark is
that when I withdrew the amendment I did it
for the purpose of taking it out of tbe way of
the general current of debate, which was
altogether upon the Bingham amendment,
notwithstanding mine was the pending prop-
osition.
And now, with the indulgence of the Senator
from Illinois, who I do not believe intends to
do me an injustice 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly not. I should
be very sorry to do that.
Mr. DRAKE. With the permission of tlie
Senator from Illinois, I will respond to his
criticism upon the amendment as it was first
drawn, by stating that I was quite as well aware
of the provision of the Constitution as the Sen-
ator, which says that upon the application of
the Legislature of a State, or when the Legis-
lature cannot be'eonvened upon the applica-
tion of the Governor,, the United States shall
