1306
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the evidence. After the investigation had been
going on for several days the foreman notified
the district attorney that he had destroyed a
portion of the evidence, and would destroy
the remainder. The district attorney remon-
strated with him, telling him that such a pro-
ceeding was contrary to law; that the law
required that the testimony should be pre-
served in the office of the clerk for future ref-
erence ; but he said he would submit the ques-
tion to the judge. Sir, I would be the last man
in the world to censure a judge unjustly; for,
in my judgment, the only hope of this country
rests upon an honest and faithful judiciary.
That judge, with his partisan feeling, told the
Democratic grand jury to meet the question
at once, and they returned and destroyed the
remainder of the testimony.
Yet, sir, an appeal has been made to some
extent in the minority report, and will be made
to this House, that this is a partisan proceed-
ing ; that we are seeking to turn out a man
who was duly and legally elected, and to put
in his place a man who was not elected by the
legal voters of the State. Sir, I affirm that
every link in this chain of testimony exhibits
fraud, corruption, and perjury committed in
the interest of the sitting member.
Now, Mr. Speaker, an effort is made to meet
these naturalizations by saying that it had been
the custom of the country. Take up the facts
and circumstances. Was it the custom to have
the clerk and the regular deputy and a half
dozen other deputies naturalizing all at once ?
Wa3 it the custom to have naturalization going
on at half a dozen places at the same time ?
But the minority report says that this is ex-
plained by the testimony of Mr. Cuddeback to
a considerable extent. Mr. Cuddeback does
not figure very well when you come to look at
his testimony and take it up to examine it.
Mr. Cuddeback, I have no doubt, was a very
warm partisan and friend of Mr. Greene, the
sitting member; and while I do not wish to
charge him with doing anything wrong, this
record shows that he issued papers without
witnesses in direct defiance of the law.
What is his own testimony? At the time be
was naturalizing naturalization was going on
at several other places, and this clerk was so
anxious, although ill at the time—so anxious
to see that the law was faithfully executed that
be stepped in at the several places to see that
the process of naturalization was going all
right. But, sir, when you come to look at the
schedules yoa will 6 nd that he signed only two
hundred out of some eight hundred naturaliza-
tion papers is the one county .of Orange.
The minority report says there were three
judges composing that court, and that when
Judge George walked off the bench, telling his
faithful clerk, " Go on with your machinery;
grind on; I will be in after awhile' there were
two judges left upon the bench. Now, Mr.
Speaker, iny information is that he was the
only judge upon the bench; that he was the
court, and without him there Could have been
no court in session.
But suppose that I am mistaken and that the
other judges were upon the bench; but I know
that I am not mistaken. Who was on the bench
in the petit jury room ? Who was on the bench
when they obtained naturalization down at the
machine-shop ? Who was upon the bench at
any point mentioned when eight hundred and
thirty and odd were naturalized except this one
judge, George, who told his faithful clerk when
he left the bench to go on with the machinery;
that be wonld be back in the evening?
Now, sir, the law requires that the applicant
shall be in the court himself, that the court
shall hear the witnesses for itself, and that the
court shall be satisfied by examination of the
witnesses of the truth of the facts stated. The
examination of witnesses without the hearing
of the court amounts to nothing according to
ihe law of the State of New York.
The examination must be conducted like any
other investigation in the presence of the court,
the court hearing the witnesses and being sat-
isfied of the facts stated. The court must be
satisfied of the facts in each case and the natu-
ralization only proceeds legally l'rom such in-
vestigation by the court. It will not do to leave
the naturalization solely to Mr. Cuddeback or
Mr. Millspaugb, or any other person outside
of the court, stationed in a machine-shop and
half a dozen places in the county of Orange.
| The law of New York in reference to natural-
! ization cannot be satisfied by any such exam-
ination a3 We have here.
The law is decided by the Supreme Court of
the State of New York, (see Barbour's Re-
ports, volume 18, page 444.) In that case the
court said the powers upon courts in admitting
; aliens to the rights of citizenship are judicial
and not ministerial or clerical, and conse-
quently cannot be delegated to the clerks, and
must be examined by the court itself. An
examination must be made in each case suffi-
cient to satisfy the court of the facts upon which
the application is based, and upon which it
must fail if not proven to the satisfaction of the
court. The court in the same case adds:
" The practice of clerks of courts in issuing certifi-
cates of citizenship without any application being
made to the court, and on proof of residence only,
is an abuse which needs be corrected."
Now, shall we refuse to correct the perjury
and fraud we find in reference to those natural-
ization papers 1 Shall we allow a man to retain
his seat here who is only elected through the
medium of these false naturalization papers ?
Shall we permit any practice or custom of this
sort to make h u ndreds of voters and thus deprive
the majority of the people of their rightful Rep-
resentative on this floor? Now is the time to
correct this abuse. When do you propose to
protect every good citizen of the country who
does not want the laws of the country violated
and the elections carried by fraud and bribery
and corruption ? My judgment is that as soon
as the facts can be arrived at showing that there
has been a violation of the law, that that is the
proper time to correct it. Now is the time
when you have got such overwhelming evidence j
before you; when you have such a fact that
you have the name of one man as witness in
forty-seven cases of naturalization, while the
evidence shows that he was not witness for
more than five; and when you fiad this clerk,
this Cuddeback, this simon-pure, issuing nat-
uralization papers with no witnesses to them
at all.
Now, sir, itis not necessary for me to restate i
what I have already stated as to the law. I
presume there is no lawyer here from the State
of New York who has investigated the New
York election laws but is satisfied that I pre-
sented a correct statement of the law as it
exists. Whenever a voter is challenged the
preliminary oath must be put. If he takes
that oath, and the general oath is demanded,
that must be put; and if he takes that he is
entitled to give his vote, notwithstanding that
the inspectors of the election of the other party
may believe that he is not entitled to his vote.
When you examine the report of the minority
of the committee you find them saying that
the preliminary oath was put in certain wards
and districts. Go to the evidence and show
when it was put in a single ward where the
Democracy had a majority of the inspectors
of election. You find that after the Demo-
cratic inspectors had permitted 161 individuals
to vote in one precinct alone, when the only
Republican inspector had asked on every occa-
sion to have the preliminary oath put, and the
Democratic inspectors refused, it was only
when the one hundred and sixty-second man
came up to vote that the scales fell from their
eyes. They were willing to carry out the laws
of the State, and put the preliminary oath to
the voters, and did so from that time forward.
Go with me to the proof, and show me a sin-
gle district in which the Republicans had a
majority where, when the demand was made,
the inspectors did not put the preliminary oath
according to the laws of the State of Now
York.
Let us look at those election districts, and
see what the facts are. Let us take the state-
ments of the committee and compare thetn
with the proof, and then let us examine the
minority report and compare it with the proof.
I want simply to enable the House to arrive
at the facts. If this is to be a partisan tight,
if this is to be a repetition of other election
cases settled upon partisan considerations, let
us have the facts understood, that they may go
to the country and the country may judge who
is right and who is wrong in the decision of
this question. Now, I stated that the minority
report says that there were other judges upon
the bench when the judge walked off, saying
they should go on with the naturalization, and
that ho would return in the evening. 1 invite
your attention to the proof. At page 101, Mr.
Cuddeback says—I read his own words: '-On
account of illness I went frequently to the
water-closetand on the next page he states
that the judge took n> part in the business. 1
ask, can a naturalization be recognized where a
judge takes no part in the business? Is such
a naturalization legal? And if Mr. Cudde-
back's statement can be relied upon for so
many particulars upon the other side, may we
not be permitted to prove by this man that the
judge took no part in the business ? if the
judge took no part in the business—and that
is the only basis for this whole naturalization,
for this is the only case where any judge is
claimed to have been present—if the judge, as
Cuddeback swears, took no part in the busi-
ness, I ask when and where aid a judge take
part in the naturalization of these eight hun-
dred aliens in the county of Orange within a
few weeks before the election ? What court
was in session, and what judge took part in
the naturalization, if this judge, as sworn by
Cuddeback, took no part in the business?
I invite your attention to the testimony of
Lewis E. Carr, upon page 94. Take it up, it
is before you, and examine it for yourself.
The witnesses tell the story better than I can,
they speak plainer thau I can; this testi-
mony is not contradicted. It is not pretended
that this naturalization was in accordance with
the law of New York, but it is claimed that it
was in accordance with a custom. 1 read from
the testimony of Carr:
"The confusion beeame so great that the clerk
gave notice that Mr. S. E. Dimmick would go in the
petit jury room and issue papers there. Mr. Dim-
mick then left the court-room and a great number
followed him. The crowd continued great and the
clerk said Mr. W. J. Dickson would go down in the
grand jury room and issue papers there; he left tha
court-room and a portion of the crowd followed him.
The clerk continued issuing papers at the desk for
some time, and a very little business was being done
by the court, and at about halt' past twelve the judge
teame down from his desk and whispered to the clerk
that if he didn't seehiui there thocourt was open all
the same. He then took his hat and left the court-
room, and did not return until some time past two
o'clock. Soon after that Mr. Dickson returned to
the court-room, took his seat inside the bar, and
commenced issuing papers there. They continued
issuing papers until after two o'clock, until about
all in the court-room had got their papers. That
was about all I saw at Newburg. Xhero were, I
thought, during the time 1 was there, about one
hundred naturalized.
" Question. Did the judge take any part in the
naturalization in any way?
"Answer. No."
There were hundreds naturalized at that
time in the court-room, in the petit jury room,
and in thegrand jury room. Did the judge take
any part in that naturalization? Does the
proof, from beginning to end, show that the
judge took any part in it? I hope gentle-
men of the minority will tell us, when they
come to answer, the names of the witnesses
who swear that the judge took any part in it,
and tell us the part that he did take in it. Sir,
I am not acquainted with New York judges;
they may have the power to be everywhere
at the same time; they may partake of the
attributes of Deity. I do not know but that
they may be able to be in three places at a
time. You are asked to say upon your oaths,
