3194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GKLOBE.
May 3,
demonstrate tbat from and after the adoption of the
ad valorem system of levying duties on steel by Con-
gress many of the Sheffield manufacturers mentioned
in my former report, who were at that time and have
since been engaged in shipping steel to the United
States, commenced and have since carried on through
a period of more than twenty years a deliberate and
studied system of undervaluation in their mode and
rates of invoicing their steel for the United States,
by which the (Government has been defrauded out
of a vast amount of its legitimate revenues and the
law successfully and shamelessly evaded for the pro-
tracted period that I have named."
I read now from another report:
"It is proper that I should say at the outset that
my attention was first directed to this particular
article of commerce by Hon. George J. Abbot, the
consul of the United Statesat Sheffield, who has long
feared that the Government was being defrauded of
a large percentage of its legitimate duties upon im-
ports of steel, but who from the very nature of his
official position, and the perfectly devised system
of concealment of prices adopted by manufacturers
and shippers in Sheffield, was wholly unable to obtain
the necessary information upon the subject, to enable
him to ascertain whether his conjectures werecorrect
or not. Every attempt that was made by Mr. Abbot
to obtain the real prices of rteel was met by studied
misrepresentation and deception, calculated to mis-
lead him and to lull all bis suspicions to rest."
Now, sir, what does this arise from? It
arises from our resorting to the ad valorem
system of duties in reference to an article
where valuation is no guide, because it can be
so deceptive. Finding this condition of things
the committee sought to remedy it by calling
before them importers of steel and manufac-
turers of steel, and persons trading in steel in
this country, and atone time tbey thought that
they had perhaps got at the matter by taking
the sizes of steel. Why, I recollect that among
other witnesses on this subject before the com-
mittee we had a gentleman who has been
alluded to by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] a member of this House, [Mr.
Ames.] He came to us and showed to the
satisfaction of the committee that the size of
bars and ignots is no criterion at all, that you
might have the largest combined with the finest,
and the smallest with the coarsest. We tried
other tests of quality which, might be described.
We found that ad valorem would not answer,
and we were driven to the conclusion that the
way to remedy the matter was to put all steel
down in one single class and charge whatever
might be right upon it. We refused to give 8J
cents, which was what the Pittsburg manufac-
turers thought they might get along with, or 3}
cents, or any other amount, but came down to
3} cents. I have explained why we adopted
cent 8.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison]
and otherB insist that we have driven from the
market all high-priced steel imported from
abroad. That is rather a deceptive view of
the subject. We get a good deal of valuable
steel from abroad yet, but it comes in at 3
cents & pound, when it ought to pay 3} cents
and 10 per cent, ad valorem. It comes in by
undervaluation, and while there is no good in
the shape of protection to the manufacturer
here, there is a vast amount of wrong done to
the Government in robbing it of its revenue.
I said when I was first up that upon the face
of the matter it would seem as if a large pro-
portion of the steel came in at these lower rates
of duty, and therefore must be of an inferior
class of steel. But I understand that although
it comes in at a lower rate of duty it is not to
the fullest extent nor in the largest proportion
the lowest-priced Bteel. Lookat the operations
of this system for the last two years. [Here
the hammer fell.] I was about to show that
from year to year this discrepancy appears to
be greater; the amount of the lowest-priced
steel is continually increasing, and it is because
Lhose interested in the importation become
bolder and bolder in their efforts to shove it
down into the lower rates of duty.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I renew it. I regret
that the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Schenok,] usually so amia-
ble and so conrteons, should at times display
so mnch irritation, and lampoon those who may
see proper to differ with him. I do not think
it is in keeping with his general character ; I
say this to his credit.
Mr. SCHENCK. Whom have I lampooned ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am not aware of any-
body in particular. But I do not think it is the
way to meet this question. Having said this
much by way of preliminary, I will now pro-
ceed to examine the position taken by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.] He
tells us that this is not a question of protection,
but one of revenue. Now, how much revenue
does he expect to collect, even if this bill should
become a law? Not exceeding $1,000,000 per
annum. Less than $1,000,000 has been col-
lected heretofore, and not more than $1,000,000
can be collected on this article under this bill
if it should become a law.
Now, what are the facts? The gentleman
proposes, as a question of revenue, that the
consumers of the British foreign production of
steel shall pay $1,000,000 into the Treasury
of the United States; and he also proposes
that the consumers of the domestic product
of steel in the United States 6hall take out of
their pockets $2,000,000 and give it to whom?
Not to the Government of the United States,
but to the domestic producers of steel in our
country. You propose to take $1,000,000
from the British producer and $2,000,000 from
the American consumer. That is the propo-
sition ; it has no wider and no less extent than
that. I now want to notice the proposition
assumed by another honorable gentleman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May^ard.] He
informs this committee that the manufacture
of steel had become an assured success in the
United States before the war and before the
tariff upon it exceeded 12 per cent. <td valorem.
Be it remembered that the manufacture of'steel
became an assured success under a tariff of only
12 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MAYNARD. A scientific success; not
a pecuniary success.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will accept it as the
gentleman now expresses it. It became a sci-
entific success. There had to be a practical
inducement before capitalists Would invest
money in it to make it a scientific snccesA.
That Was under a rate of duty of 12 per cent.,
while to-day there is a duty of 45 per cent.
ad valorem. But let us examine whether it
has not become a practical as well as a scien-
tific success. In 1864 there were but 7,500 tons
of steel manufactured in the United States.
In 1868 there were manufactured not less than
30,000 tons, or an increase of 400 per cent,
over the.production of 1864. That Shows that
it is not only a scientific success, but it is also
a practical success. And I state here, with-
out fear of contradiction by any intelligent
gentleman, that there is no business in the
United States where the same amonnt of capi-
tal is invested in the manufacture of any arti-
cle that has paid better during the past five
years than the manufacture of steel.
Mr. SCHENCK. How does the gentleman
explain the fact that the price of steel is less
now, with a duty of from 2} to 3 cents per
Eound in gold, than it was when the duty was
ut 12 per cent, ad valorem f Is it not because
of the competition in this country which the
protection upon it has developed?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will explain that.
The scientific appliances which American
genius has enabled our people to make use of
in the manufacture of steel have enabled us to
produce it at a less price than before.
Mr. SCHENCK. And to use more of it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. But while we import
only about 30,000,000 pounds we manufacture
in this country 60,000,000pounds, and that, too,
at a profit. It is admitted that the manufacturers
have not petitioned the Committee of Ways and
. Means to ad vanee this tariff for their protection.
The committee have taken it upon themselves
to advance it for the purpose of revenue. While
it is very well known that six eighths, or per-
haps seven eighths of all the steel consumed in
the United States is of the lower grades, yet
it is proposed, for the purpose of revenue, and
for the sake of the incidental protection which
it may afford to the small amount of capital
and the limited number of people engaged in
the manufacture of steel in the United States,
to take from the pockets of the consumers,
including every man who uses a steel plow
or an ax or a plane or a mining implement,
$2,000,000, to be put into the pockets of the
few men in the United States who manufacture
steel.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLEVELAND. The gentleman who
has just taken his seat has made a very singular
statement. It may be correct, but I do not
believe it is. I do not pretend to be one of
the very intelligent men of the House to whom
he alludes. But I do know the fact that, not-
withstanding the gentleman's statement, in no
business in this country, involving an equally
large amount of capital, skill, and experience,
have so many years been spent in struggling
to gain a foot-hold in order to establish an im-
portant national industry as in the steel busi-
ness. I undertake to say that during the last
three years no business of the same extent in
this country has produced less profit on the
investment, considering the industry and tal-
ent bestowed upon it, than the steel business.
It prospered during the war. By fortuitous
circumstances over which it had no control the
interests of tbat branch of industry were pro-
moted during the war. That was the result
of such circumstances as I trust may never
exist again in this country. I have not time
to reply to the various arguments presented on
this question; but I desire to submit a few
figures which I have prepared showing why
the classification adopted by the Committee of
Ways and Means should be sanctioned by this
committee and enacted Into law.
The proportions of importations of the differ-
ent classes show how the frauds were managed.
I speak against those who steal and profit by
their stealings, and on behalf of every man who
uses steel for manufacturing purposes, of every
farmer who uses an agricultural implement, of
every plow manufacturer who uses steel mold-
ing boards, of every blacksmith who makes a
steel toe-calk, of every man whocarries a jack-
knife, of every woman who buys a pair of scis-
sors, of every family wanting cutlery, of the
backwoods lumberman using steel saws; and
as iron and steel are the great evidences of
and promoters of civilization, I speak on behalf .
of civilization itself and against the English
monopoly when I speak for the American steel
interest. I advocate circumstances that have
brought and would maintain a low price for
steel. The gentleman speaks on behalf of the
old English monopoly and a high price for
steel. These gentlemen would break down
the American steel interest and cause the con-
sumers of steel in this country to pay $1,000,000
annually more than they now pay, in advanced
prices for the steel they use.
By the classification in the present tariff law
ordinary cast steel is invoiced down to bring
it into the class that was intended for cheap
blister steel, and the best cast steel is invoiced
down to bring it into a class intended for a
low grade of cast steel; so that in the class
really intended for the best cast steel there
was imported only 2£ per cent, last year of the
whole importation.
In the old tariff there are three grades at
three different rates of duty, and the importa-
tions in 1867 were: of the grade at 2J- cents
duty, 65 per cent, of the whole; of the grade
at 3 cents duty, 30 per cent, of the whole; of
the grade at 3J- cents and 10 per cent, duty, 5
per cent, of the whole.
For 1868 the proportions were ; of the grade
