5082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Mr. THURMAN. It has been objected that
the tax proposed by the Senator from Dela-
ware discriminated against a particular kind
of property, to wit, the bonds of the United
States owned abroad. It lias been already
shown by the Senator from California how
many other items there are connected with
lliis tax bill aa to which this argument of dis-
criminating might be made.
But there is a reason for taxing these bonds
specially. Every other kind of property in the
United States is subject to State and municipal
taxation; every kind but the bonds of the Uni-
ted States; and the effect of our not levying a
tax on tliis property is to allow this property,
prol.eeted by both Federal and State govern-
ments, to go without any tax at all, without
any contribution t,o the support of the Govern-
ment. That is why a discrimination should be
made, and an ample and sufficient provision
should be made.
And let me tell Senators who are so fright-
ened at repudiation that the very way to in-
crease the strength of the repudiators of this
country, if there be any such, is to refuse to
tax this property. Just so long as you allow
them to hold up $2,000,000,000 to the heav-
ily-taxed people of this country as so much
property specially exempted from all contribu-
tion to the burdens of the Government, just
so long will you strengthen the hands of the
repudiators, if there be any such here; and he
is the best friend of the national faith, he is
the best friend of an honest payment of the
debt of the United States, who goes for impos-
ing upon these bonds a reasonable tax for the
support of the Government.
But, sir, here is a talk about a violation of
a contract. I put it to my friend; who has said
it is a violation of a contract, if in the first
place every contract is not made subject to the
sovereign power of the Government to tax.
The Constitution of the United States is writ-
ten in every contract, that Constitution which
gives the Congress the right to tax. Let me
put a case. Exception was made to the illus-
tration of salary; let me put another case.
The Government makes a contract with a
man to build a custom-house. That stands on
the same level, fie is to receive for that a
certain compensation; it is paid to him, but
your income tax took away from him five per
cent, of that contract price for building the
custom-house, or post office, or anything else.
There is no case of salary ; there is a case in
which you stipulated to pay him $100,000, and
you take from him $5,000 of money. You take
five per cent, of all his net profits at any rate.
That is as plain a case as any that could be
supposed.
Now, sir, one word more about this matter.
The amendment that I have now offered, in
deference to the views expressed by the Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Fenton] is dis-
tinguished from that offered by the Senator
from Delaware in this: that it affects only per-
sons residing in tho United States and citizens
of the United States abroad, and does not tax
the income of bonds held by foreigners resident
here. In other words, it is not obnoxious to
the remarks made by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] In my own judgment
it is perfectly fair and right to levy the tax upon
all the interest, as proposed by the Senator from
Delaware. As we cannot get that now, I pro-
pose to take the very principle of your income
tax and levy this tax upon the property of per-
sons resident in the United States and citizens
of the United States who are abroad. That
was the principle of your income tax. Now let
us see whether the Senate will levy that little
tax upon this property, or whether it will not.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I doubt if
there was a member of this Senate who regret-
ted more than I did the other day the declara-
tion which was solemnly made by a majority
of tho Senate, that they would not agree to
levy the small sum of three per cent, on Iho
excess of incomes over $2,000. I regretted
it because I thought that was an equitable
measure and a mild one; that it was a tax
which could be paid more easily than any tax
that I knew of on the statute-book. So [
voted to continue a modified income tax; but
when I heard the Senate make that declara-
tion I confess I did not expect to hear any
considerable number of Senators say that they
would agree to impose a penalty upon the
holders of the public securities.
I cannot agree that the man who derives an
iticomc from the interest on the public debt,
is a guiltier man than the man who derives
an income from the interest on railroad bonds
or any private securities, or income from sala-
ries, or income from any business whatever. I
cannot recognize that he is a guilty man, and
that therefore he is to be visited by penalties ;
but especially could I not agree that a man was
guilty who held our bonds and who was not
subject to our laws; and that we should visit
him with penalties, and withhold from him the
payment of any part of the interest to the pay-
ment of which the faith of the nation was
solemnly pledged.
But 1 have heard this morning every single
Senator, I think, in the Opposition, who had
but a few days since declared they would not
impose a tax of three per cent, upon income
as such, declare that they will withhold the
payment of five per cent, of the income, de-
rived from the interest promised to our credit-
ors. 1 did not know but that the amendment
was carelessly drawn, and that by inadvertence
it was so drawn as to include foreign holders
of our bonds not liable to taxation as citizens.
But the amendment now offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, and the declaration which he
has made on the iloor, shows that it was the
distinct purpose of the supporters of that
amendment to withhold from the public cred-
itors—not because they were citizens, or liable
to contribute to the support of our Govern-
ment in any way whatever, but because they
hold our bonds—the payment of a part of the
interest promised to them. Very well; if they
are content with that position 1 am content
that they should occupy it.
Now, I have to say, with regard to this amend-
ment, that I will not vote for it, and I will not
vote for it for two simple reasons. The first
is because it touches the holder of that pecu-
liar kind of security, no matter whether he has
a net income of a dollar or not. It may be
the widow who has a single $500 bond. You
take five per cent, of the interest that you
promised to pay on that. It is irrespective
of the question whether the holders have any
other income or not; and, as I believe, the
majority of these bonds held in this country
are held by savings banks and in trust for the
very smallest properties in our country—wid-
ows and orphans, who have nothing else, and
in which property their funds are invested for
the mere purpose of security. I will not agree
to the imposition of this tax for that reason.
Besides, it excepts nothing—nothing whatever.
The income tax law exempted $2,000, and left
a man a very wholesome income unvisited by
the tax. This exempts nothing. It taxes the
last dollar of income derived from this source.
For these two reasons I will not vote for this
amendment.
Mr. WARNER. I offer the following as a
substitute for the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio ; it differs from his in this, that his
is a tax simply on income derived from United
States bonds, while this taxes the income
derived from all invested capital:
That there shall be levied and collected annually
a tax of three per cent, upon the gains, profits, and
income of every person residine in the United States,
and of every citizen of the United States residing
abroad,derived from invested capital,whether within
or without the United States.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, there are
two classes of property mentioned by this
amendment: one, property invested in bonds
of the United States ; the other, what may be
teimed investments of capital iti other secur-
ities. It is perfectly plain that the bonds of the
United States pay no contribution of any char-
acter to the expenses of government, whether
State or Federal. Now, under our system you
subject all property to local taxation, except-
ing this peculiarly favored class of property
that expressly you have declared shall not bo
subject to it.
My intention in offering the amendment
which has been voted down was simply to find
out, by a simple, just, fair, and equitable
method, a means by which this large amount
of accumulated wealth should pay for the pro-
tection enjoyed under the laws of this country.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] spoke of it as a blow against
public credit to ask property to make its fair
contribution ! Why, sir, what was done during
the last war, or during any war this country
has ever been in ? All property in the country
was called upon to bear its share of the ex-
pense of carrying on that war, and the prop*
erty which every man had owed its value to
the expenditure that was gone to in order to
preserve it. That is what I ask for now, nothing
more. There has been so much of this self-
constituted guardianship of the public credit,
this self-constituted guardianship of the public
honor, that I for one feel not now and I never
have felt any respect for those who, without
any justification, will seek to impugn the mo-
tives of men who prescribe different measures
for this country's government, under the idea
that they alone or their party shall be the
keepers of the nation's purse and of the nation's
honor.
I shall enter into no competition of phrases;
I shall make no avowals of one species of love
of country or another. I had rather that my
acts for my whole life should prove the integ-
rity of my motives in that respect. Nor shall
I be driven in any respect by these empty
challenges or assertions of want of patriotic
feeling, because P choose as a legislator in a
sense of justice to subject every part of the
property of this country to its fair share of
public burdens.
I trust, as the proposition I moved has been
voted down, that the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, if it removes the scruples of
any gentleman in the body, may be accepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Warner]
to the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Tiiurman.]
Mr. THURMAN. We were told the other
day by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance that he should not further press hia
proposition for the income tax, as he was satis-
fied that there was a majority of the Senate
against it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question? What is the uso
of his pressing his proposition now, after we
have had one fair, square vote, when he knows
it is consuming the vital time of the Senate?
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator will take
up more lime in speaking to me than my argu-
ment will take up. Now, sir, we have a prop-
osition substantially to revive the income tax.
That is the proposition of the Senator from
Alabama. It is to levy a tax of five per cent,
on all income derived from invested capital.
What is invested capital? All the money in-
vested in lauds throughout the whole United
States is so much invested capital. His prop-
osition, therefore, amounts to an income tax
on every single industry in the country which
is carried on by an investment of capital,
whether agricultural, mechanical, manufac-
turing, or what not. It will be found to be
substantially, and with very little exception
indeed, precisely the old income tax. I hope
those who are opposed to an income tax are
ready to vote down that proposition, and that
they -will take at least the proposition which I
have offered, and which is precisely what tho
law was when the income tax existed, scrforas
