1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4139
Therefore, I would rather do an injury to the
great Government I represent than that the
least intimation should be suggested that we
were doing wrong to a party who was notable
to do himself justice under any circumstances.
1 favor the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have come into the
Chamber while this matter has been pending,
and 1 do not know how far the debate has gone
in regard to it; but I examined the question
with the Comptroller of the Treasury, and I
mil satisfied that no part of this money should
be paid; that the money has once been paid ;
and i will btate the precise condition of the
case.
This $250,000 was undoubtedly due to the
Choctaw nation under the old treaties j but by
a statute which I find in the thirteenth volume
of the Statutes, page 5Go, this $250,000 was
paid to the loyal Indians of the Choctaw tribe,
and they were recognized as the persons enti-
tled to tliis money, and it was actually paid to
them. 1 will read the provision on the page i
have referred to, as contained in the act of
March 3, 1865:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury bo, and ho is
hereby, authorized and directed, in hcuot the bonds
ibr the sum of $2oO,U!JO, appropriated for the use of
the Choctaw Iudiaus by an act entitled 'An act
making appropriations fortho cunout and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and t'orful-
lilliug treaty stipulations with the various Indian
tubes for thejcar ending Juno 30, lSG-V approved
Mnreh 2,186), ro j ny to the Secretary of the interior
§250,000, for the relief and support of individual mem-
ber ot the Cherokee, Cieek, Choctaw, Chickasaw,
Bcniinoic, Wichita, and other alhliated tribes of In-
dians, who have been driven from their homes and
reduced to want on account ot their inendship to
the Government, as contemplated by tho provisions,
of an act entitled 4 An act making appropriations
for the eurient and contingent expenses of tho In-
dian department and lor fuliilling tieaty btuml.t-
tions with tin; various Indian tribes for the yeai end-
ing June 30, ISO J,' approved July 5,1SG2."
By this act the whole $250,000 was paid to
the very Indians designated in the treaty, to
the loyal Indians who were driven out ot' the
Chociaw country, and the money was paid to
them on the ground that they were tke_ only
persons with whom there were any subsisting
treaty stipulations and who could claim anything
from the Government. Two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars were paid for their support,
they havmg been driven out of the Indian
couutry by the majority of the tribe. The
Choctaw tribe proper were then in armed hos-
tility to the United States, and 1 think a regi-
ment of Choctaw warriors were then in actual
anned array against the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. Some of them were in the
rebel service during the war.
Mr. SHERMAN. This very money, this
$250,000, by an amendment offered to the In-
dian appropriation bill which I have just read
from, the act of March 3, 18G5, was paid to tho
loyal Indians, and was declared to be in satis-
faction of the money stipulated to be paid by
the act of 1801.
Afterward this treaty of 186(3 was made,
and, as I think, in fraud of previous payments.
31, did not recite this previous payment, but
undei took, under very ambiguous phrases, to
; (--affirm the old treaties; and it required> the
United States, without regard to the fact of the
tnl?e having engaged in the rebellion, to pay
the moneys that were due to the Choctaws
under the old treaties, and it does not refer to
the particular sum said to be due. The ques-
tion came uo before the Comptroller ot the
Treasury wlie'ther, under the treaty of 18(30,
this money which was p-aid to tho loyal Choc*
taws in 1805 was stili due to the Choctaw nation
under the act of 1861; and the Comptroller of
lhc Treasury, Mr. Taylor, whose letter I hold
in my hand, decided that the money was paid
to them, and that they had no claim to it by a
fair construction of the treaty ; that the money
ous;ht not to be pa'd again. ....
Tnat is the whole case. If this ;?2v0,000 is
now p.lid to these Indians, asamaiterot course
it willbi-adouhie payment, it having been once
■paid to the loyal Choctaws. Tho treaty made
after the war of 1866, under very ambiguous
phrases, endeavored to revive this claim with
other obligations. It is claimed now that this
treaty of 1866 revived the old obligation to pay
the Choctaw tribe §250,000, when in 1865, be-
fore this treaty was made, the money was paid to
the loyal Choctaws, and there was then no sub-
sisting obligation to pay the Choctaw tribe. Tho
portion of the treaty under which this claim
was made is article ten, which provides:
"The United States reaffirms all obligations aris-
ing out of treaty stipulations or acts of legislation
with regard to tho Choctaw and Chickasaw nations,
entered into prior to tho lato rebellion and in force
at that time, not inconsistent herewith; and further
agrees to renew tho payment of all annuities and
other moneys accruing under such treaty stipula-
tions and acts of legislation, from and after tho
close of the iiseal year ending the 30th of June in
the year 180C."
It is claimed that this treaty revives the old
obligation, and compels the United States to
repay money that it has paid since 1861. If
that is so we shall have, on the same ground,
to pay again all the annuities wc have paid since
1801. It is simply an absurd construction of
the treaty under this vague and general lan-
guage, which does not specifically refer to the
if250,000 claim, but to all existing obligations,
reviving them in general words. The claim
is, that under this vague language allthe moneys
which have been paid for the support of the
loyal Choctaws must now be paid over again
to the tribe. That is the whole of it.
Mr. WAItNER. 1 should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio a question, with his permis-
sion. When this $250,000 was paid to the
loyal Choctaws in 18C5, was it then understood
by them and by the Government that it was
in discharge of tho treaty obligation recognized
by the act of 1801 ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. That is ex-
pressly provided for in the appropriation. 1 have
read the provision stating that, this particular
$250,000 was to be paid to them. The United
States was not bound to pay the principal sum ;
the United States was bound only to hold bonds
in trust for them ; but the loyal Choctaws were
in distress, the only Choctaws with whom we
then had any intercourse ; and they asked us,
as a favor to them, that we should give them
the whole of the principal sum ; and Congress
did, upon a representation of their distresses^
give them the whole of the principal^ sum of
§250,000 in cash, and they accepted it on the
terms of the law which I have read, which
declared in so many words that this_ payment
should be a full discharge of the obligation to
hold §250,000 in trust for the tribe. It is
clear that that is a payment to the loyal Choc-
taws so far as the United States are concerned,
unless the treaty of 18GC in some way or other
compels us to pay the money over again.
Mr. HAUL AN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio a question. Does he think
the Government of the United States, being
one of the contracting parties in this case, had
authority in iavv to cancel the contract without
the consent of the other party?
Mr. SHERMAN. When all of the other
party cxcept tho people with whom we did
contract were at war with us, I say unques-
tionably, yes.
Mr. HARLAN. Would that take effect
without some formal declaration of confisca-
tion?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes; actual hostility
was made by the tribe as a tribe. They joined
themselves to the confederate States, entered
the confederate service as a tribe, and drove out
by force those people among the Choctaws who
adhered to the United States. We paid the
^250,000 to tlie adhering Indians who were
driven out in distress from their lands and their
homes into Kansas, where we fed tuem_ and
gave them the money belonging to tho Choc-
taw nation. Now, for those Choctaws who
! were at war willx us to ask that tni3 money shall
j be paid again, it seems to me is going far be-
i yond any thing I ever heard ot in the history ol^
! war. It is true it is claimed that the treaty of
April, 1866, does revive the old treaties, and
compel us to pay that money; but that"point
has been decided by the Comptrollee of the
Treasury, as I said, and very properly decided.
I will read the informal note which Mr. Taylor
has sent to me, as it expresses tho whole case
in a few words:
May 28,1870.
Deae Sir : In Senate report No. 178, tho Commit-
tee on Indian Afl'airs recommend the adoption of an
amendment to tho Indian appropriation bilKH. H.
No. 1160) giving tho Clioctaiv Indians$250,000 United
States bonds, under the act of March 2,18G1.
The committee seem to think tho Indians entitled
to this under the treaty of April 28,1866; but a* I
construe the provisions of that treaty it left tho
Choctaws to their former rights as they existed under
treaty stipulations and legislation by Uongrcas.
If 1 am correct in this construction the Indians are
not entitled to the bonds, because by tho sixth soe-
tion of the act of March 3,1865,(13 Statutes, BtiS,)
that sum of $250,000 was paid to tho Interior Depart-
ment for the support of loyal Indians, and was
directed to bo charged to tho Choctaws.
The validity of this legislation is, I think, rooog-
ni'/cd in tho treaty of April 28, I860, but the subject
is not referred to in the report of tho committee.
Very respectfully, E. W. TAYi EB.
Hon. John Sueujian.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to ask
the Senator one question, with his permission.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
the Senator to contend that the payment under
the act of 1865 was a payment to the Choc-
taws, and therefore a discharge of the debt.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was under the act of
1861 due to the Choctaws.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And tho Sen-
ator says that the payment which was made
under the act of 1865 was virtually a payment
of the claim ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
,Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, 1 want to
ask the Senator whether he understands from
the act of 1865 that tho money was paid to
the Choctaws. The debt was duo 'to the
Choctaws ; but were the $250,000 paid to the
Choctaws ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should not
infer that from the language of the act.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Tayler soys expressly
that it was paid to the refugee Choctaws who
were driven out of tho Chociaw country.
Mr. MORlilLL, of Maine. Refugee Indians,
I understand. I got the impression from read-
ing the statute that there might be a doubt about
the point. The act of 1865 directs$250,000 to
be paid to the Secretary of the Interior ; and
to sustain the position of the Seuator from
Ohio it should read "for the relief of the
Choctaws but it reads "for the relief and
support of individual members of the Chero-
kee, Creek, Choctaw, Chickasaw, Seminole,
Wichita, and other affiliated tribes of Indians
who have been driven from their homes,'' &e.
Mr. DAVIS. The position assumed by the
honorable Senator from Ohio is a very extraor-
dinary one to my mind, and I do not think
that the opinion of the Comptroller of t.he
Treasury gave it the least strength. I think they
are both equally in error. Here were treaty
obligations subsisting between the Choctaw
nation and the United States prior to the rebel-
lion. Tho mass of the Choctaw people, includ-
ing those in whom tho Government was vested,
went into that rebellion on the side of the
rebels. Individuals of the Choctaw nation re-
fused to go into the rebellion, and came up
into Kansas and other portions of the United
States. Now, I ask the honorable Senator
from Ohio if the individual stragglers from the
Choctaw nation who refused to abide by the
decisions and purposes of the mass ot their
nation and of the government of their nation
constituted a party to change the treaty rela-
tions between the United States and tlieOuoe-
taw nation, and whether an execution, or a
pretended execution, or a commutation of the
execution of an article m the treaty between
the United States Government and the Mioc-
taw nation to those straggling memoersol that
tribe who came into the United States would
