1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
130;
in the votes you are to give upon this question,
that at the time of this naturalization, in the
court-room, in the petit jury room, and in the
grand jury room, the judge was present in all
of them, interrogated the witnesses, and was
satisfied himself that the parties were entitled
to their papers. If you do not, perhaps you
will be partisans, perhaps you will do injustice,
perhaps you will perpetrate a wrong, because
you will not saactiou a violation of the laws
of the country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me pursue this matter
a little further. I invite the attention of the
House to the proof that I have alluded to,
the proof of what took place when an effort
was made to investigate this matter by the
grand jury of the county. 1 hope they will
take up the proof and run through it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the sitting member as-
serts that there weire parties illegally natural-
ized in the interest of the con testan t. 1 grant that
there were ; but I have endeavored to ascertain
and throw out the vote of every man who was
illegally naturalized in the interest of the con-
testant. There were persons naturalized ille-
gally, in ray judgment, that voted for the con-
testant. Some voted for him who were not
entitled to vote. But if you will take up the
brief of the sitting member and compare it with
the report of the Committee of Elections you
will see that the committee have endeavored
to give him credit for every vote of that char-
acter.
But, sir, I must hasten on. The sitting mem-
ber has a majority of 823 returned. Now, let
us go to the districts were these frauds and
these illegal naturalizations and everything of
that sort took place. Let us examine the proof
and examine it carefully, and see whether the
committee have arrived at a fair and just con-
clusion as to the number of such illegal votes
and for whom they were cast. Let us go to the
first ward in the city of Newburg. Jesse Mer-
ritt, a witness whose testimony is to be found
on pages 48, 49, and 50, states that 110 persons
voted illegally, and they, iu his opinion, were
only a part of those who voted illegally. Now,
let us see whether his testimony is reliable, and
whether or not it is of sufficient warrant to
baseouractionon. Letussee whether there is
any record that sustains him.
On pages 48 and 40 is a list of 142 persons
who voted illegally. And upon, an examination
of schedule U, on pages 135 to 141, it will be
found that the names of 75 of those illegal
voters are among that list of illegal naturaliza-
tions, which list is admitted by both sides to be
a correct list. That establishes beyond auy
question that those 75 persons at least voted
illegally. The witness states that about 75 per-
sons of that list voted illegally. And when you
examine schedule C of illegal naturalizations
you find there 75 of these names, showing that
the witness was intelligent, and knew whereof
he spoke when he stated that 75 of that num-
ber could be found on the list.
On page 51, the same witness presents a list
of 31 who voted at said precinct illegally; 8 of
that number are to be found on schedule C,
which added to the 75 makes 83 who voted
illegally the Democratic ticket; and the same .
witness testifies that he was well acquainted •
with the voters of the district, and that his lists
contain 171 who voted and if legally.
Now, let us go a little further in the exam- j
ination of this testimony. John H. Drake, a
witness for contestant, begins his evidence on !
page 30 and concludes on page 44, and cor- j
roboraies and strengthens the evidence of Mer- !
rittin the number of illegal votes cast in said
district, and places the number of persons who
voted on taking the general oath at 150; but
his testimony on that particular point is not so
satisfactory as Merritt's, for Merritt swears he
was well acquainted with the voters of the dis- ;
tnct, and that the list he presented contains |
the names of those who voted illegally. And j
the coutestee presents no evidence to disprove j
the fact,. The committee, therefore, finds that!
! at said district 140 voted for the contestee who
1 were not entitled to vote.
Now, how are you to arrive at the number
who voted upon illegal naturalization papers
or who were otherwise illegal voters at this
election? How can you arrive at the facts
more satisfactorily than by a witness who swears
from a schedule that he has before him, espe-
cially when, upon comparing a schedule recog-
nized by both contestee and contestant as cor-
rect, it is shown that he testifies truthfully?
Is not that the best evidence you can have
upon that point?
Let us examine the testimony still further.
James H. Jackson, page 61, testifies that the
inspectors refused to comply with the law in
putting the preliminary oath to those chal-
lenged. And from the evidence of Henry
Leonard, page G3, they persisted in violating
the election law until 162 had voted, out of a
poll of 271. Let us see what Mr. Jackson and
Mr. Merritt say upon this subject. The testi-
mony of Mr. Jackson is as follows:
"Quetlion. State what was done in the matter of
putting the preliminary oath?
"Answer. When the first naturalized citiien was
challenged the chairman of the board, who was a
Democrat, put tho general oath first. I asked why
ne did not put the preliminary oath. Ho said that
it was not uocessary, because the challengers were
not thcro to withdraw the challenge. I asked them
to put tho preliminary oath, and the board refused.
The attention of tho board was called to the lawthat
the preliminary oath must bo put, and they refused
in the iorenoon to put tho preliminary oath. In
the afternoon tho preliminary oath was put, and I
, questioned the challenged voters under the prelimi-
nary oath, and somotimos they answered, and some-
times evaded tho question. They did not refuse to
: answer, but tho board overruled my questions and
would not allow the witnesses to answer. Tho board
overruled tho questions ' Howlong have you been in
this country?' 'Uet'ore what court they got their
papers?' and the inspectors overruled the last ques-
tion because they said it could not be expected that
they could remember bet'oro what court or officers
they goo their papers. Tliey continued to put the
preliminary oath, but ruled out the questions."
A foreigner naturalized in a court, and not
remember the court vvhere he got his papers!
A man marry, and not remember the county
in which he obtained his iicense !
On page 03 of the testimony in this case the
testimony of Henry Seacord is as follows:
"Question. Where do you reside?
"Answer. Town of ilamptonburg.
"Question. How long have you lived there?
"Annoer. Was born there 19th September, 1829,
■ and lived there since.
i "Question. Are you acquainted with the voters
i there?
i "Answer. Yes, generally; it is a small, compact,
| agricultural town; there were 271 men voted there
! last fall.
j "Question. Were you present at the last general
j election?
"Answer. Yes; I was a Republican challenger to
' somo extent.
"Question. Tell us what number of voteshadbeen
cast when they commenced to put the preliminary
oath?
"Answer. At the one hundred and sixty-second
vote, according to record of poll-list."
As I have heretofore remarked, the judges
of election refused to put the preliminary oath !
until 102 persons had voted. After 162 per-
i sons had voted they put the preliminary oath,
or, in other words, they disregarded the law,
they violated their own oaths as inspectors of
that election until 1G2 votes had been received.
Now, my opinion is that they were so well
acquainted with the voters in the district that
they saw that the votes of all had been received
whom the preliminary oath would perhaps
keep from voting.
And what excuse is given for putting the
preliminary oath after 162 votes had been
received? What argument was made before
the board of inspectors of election? None,
in my humble judgment, but a determination
to defeat the Republican candidate and to
defraud the honest electors of the district.
The testimony is very satisfactory as to the
unlawful misconduct of the inspectors, but not
so satisfactory as to the number of illegal votes
polled ; but the best proof places the number
at 28, (see page 63.) The testimony bearing
on this district is to be found from page 60
to 65. _ The conduct of the inspectors at the
first district of Goshen was very unbecoming
men discharging a public duty, and they were
aided and encouraged by those who knew bet-
ter, and should have endeavored to uphold and
sustain the law, rather than encourage and
advise the violation ofthe same. David ltedfield,
a witness, who was an inspector of the election
in said district, but who was in a minority and
was compelled to submit to a majority, presents
a lamentable state of facts.
I invite the attention of the House to the
testimony of Mr. Redfield, on page 87.
"Question. Where do you reside ?
"Answer. In Goshen.
"Question, How long have you lived there ?
"Answer. Over forty years.
"Question. Did you attend the election last fall,
and in what capacity?
"Answer. Yes; as a Republican inspector of elec-
tion, and was one of the board of registration.
"Question. Doyouknow the voters in your election
district, No. 1?
"Answer. Yes, sir; very generally.
"Question. Were men who had naturalization
papers issued last fall put upon the registry ?
"Answer. Yes.
"Question. About how many ?
"Answer. To the best ofmy knowledge, about forty.
"Question. Did they show their papers?
"Answer. Yes.
"Question. Where did their papers purport to be
issued ?
"Answer. A portion from New York, signed by
Charles E.Loew; half,say; and balance from Orango
county.
"Question. Did these men vote at your poll at the
last general election ?
"Aimoer. Yes, with but few exceptions.
"Question. What ticket did they vote?
"Answer. I supposo tho Democratic ticket. I judge
from tho men who brought them up, tho label on tho
ticket, and kind of paper.
"Question. Please tell us what took place, and in its
order, as to challenges and alleged illegal voting ?
"Answer. In the first place there was a man (Mr.
Drake) came up and offered his vote; the vote was
objected to on the ground that he was not registered.
Mr. Drake's name was upon tho poll-list of tho year
before. Wc left it off the new one because during
tho year ho had left Goshen and gone to reside in
New Jersey. Tho whole board concurrcd in that
view. He claimed that he had not given up liis resi-
, dence in Goshen. Tho board determined the act of
' leaving him off was wrong, and the board cuncluded
to receive the voto after iny protest. The vote was
received, but his name was not put on tho registry
list. His name was not on tlieregistry list. 1 have
the registry list with me. This is not the original
■ list kept at the polls, but a copy compared iu the
board, which I know to be correct. The list copied
from was used in tho board. A man came, that I
, cannot remember his name, with a paper, upon its
i, face regular. I think it was one of the New York
| papers. He was challenged by Hon. A. S. Murray
i upon the ground that he had not been in tho coun-
1 try five years. Upon administering the preliminary
h oath he acknowledged he had been in the country
j less than five years, liis vote was rejected. Hugh
i| McGuire offered to vote; was challenged. The pre-
! liminary oath was administered to him; he swore
he had never been betore any court to receive his
papers, and that they had been sent to him. His vote
was rejected. Some one else came up and offered a
paper. Mr. Greene came up and stated to tho board
that they had no right to institute this investigation
as to tho papers; that the person offering tho vote
should demand and take the general oath, and there-
upon the board must receive the vote. Mr. Mills-
paugh also made a statement to the same effect to
the board. There was a discussion in the board as
to the propriety of dispensing with the preliminary
: oath. lobjected to dispensing with it upon grounds
we had a right in all cases to put it. Tne majority
of the board overruled mo, and decided that in all
cases where one camo up who was registered, and
with papers regular on their face, if ho demanded
the general oath we must administer it and receive
the vote. I protested on grounds that a preliminary
oath was required or might bo put, and asked that
they record my protest. Subsequent to that in every
case where persons offering to vote all votes were
' received without allowing the preliminary oath to
bo put. In the caso of all these nowly naturalized
voters they were challenged, but tho preliminary
oath was not allowed to be, nor was it put. I pro-
tested generally against this course, but to no cftect.
After I made tho protest tho votes were received
without tho preliminary oath having been put or
taken, I told the board several times that 1 pro-
tested to that manner of business."
Now, sir, in this we have evidence of the
wisdom ofthe law-making power in providing
for this preliminary oath. W e here see the
working of the machinery; and when it was
working to the purification of the ballot, when
it was rejecting voters who were illegal, when
it was keeping from the polls Mr. Greene's
friends who were not lawful voters, he and the
j man who represented him interposed and made
