1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3195
at 2i cents duty, 65 per cent, of the whole; of
the grade at 3 cents duty, 32 per cent, of the
whole; of the grade at 8£ cents and 10 per
cent, duty, 3 per cent, of the whole.
For 18oD the proportions were: of the grade
it 2} cents duty, Go per cent, of the whole; of
the grade at3 cents duty, 821 percent, of the
whole; of the grade at SJ cents and 10 per
cent, ad valorem, -i per cent, of the whole.
The tact that only 2* percent, of the whole
importation consisted of the better class of
steel shows how well this system of bringing
ir. steel at an undervaluation is understood.
Now, to show the absurdity of this arrange-
ment and the perfection to which the English
makers have brought the system of valuing to
meet the classes in the tariff, let me state that
a single edge-tool establishment in this coun-
try—1 hope my friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
eidridgej will"listen to this—uses more steel
of (be best grade than the whole amount of the
importations of last year of that kind, and yet
there was plenty of such English steel in the
market atall times. Where did itcome from ?
It was imported at a lower value than that
intended by the last tariff act. The imports
in ISC" were42,054,449 pounds; in 1868, were
SO.077,02-3 pounds; in 1869,39,399,858 pounds;
and the average ad valorem rates were, as be-
fore shown, for 1867, 39£ per cent.; for 1868,
3J} per cent.: for 1869, 41} per cent.
I assume that imported steel, if honestly
iuvoiced, would come in in the following pro-
portions, which, 1 am confident, are approxi-
mately correct, namely: one fourth, or 25 per
cent., each of the lowest and the highest; and
shout one half, or 50 per cent., of the middle or
3 cent class.
Taking the imports of 1869 as a basis, let
us see what the result would be at the present
rates of duty, and what it would be as proposed
by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Tne average valne of the three classes of
steel will be found to be as nearly as possible
41 ceuts per pound, 9 cents per pound, and
li'V cents per pound, as the true invoice cost.
r> j. (h>t, Invoic* D*ty, Amount of
lo an</ . value duty.
'',849,S39 .it 4V $413.242 76 at 2i $221,621 38
i—I'.'.SW.bTS at 'J 1.772,t'71 11 at 3 5i*),991 07
t- V.M'.'.Slt) at 12} 1,2)1,23U (Wat 4txS,867 40
33.3M.35S
83.W7.443 87
$1,281,479 85
Sow, at 37J per cent, ad valorem on the
whole valne, the amount of dgty would be
$1,283,972 86, or almost exactly the same
amount. At the rate of 3} cents per pound
doty, as proposed by this bill on all grades, it
would amount to $1,280,479 08, or about 37£
per cent, ad valorem. The estimate of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] of a fair
tariff is 40 per cent, average duty. The above
shows that on steel the duty would be only 37 J
per cent.
The trade has struggled nobly through the
last five years, until the manufacture of steel
in Pittsburg alone, in 1869, equaled the whole
importation of that year and exceeded the im-
portations of 1808, leaving out of the account
the enormous amount produced in my district
and other parts of New Jersey, in Philadel-
phia, in Illinois, in New York, Connecticut,
and Massachusetts. There are many millions
of capital invested in this business in thiscoun-
try, and many thousands of native and foreign
skilled laborers employed. The struggle is now
going on, and the next ten years will show
whether American steel or Sheffield steel shall
be supplied to those countries where they can-
not produce it for themselves, and whether we
shall bay our steel of England at a high price,
or make it for ourselves at a low price. I
know that the proposition I make sounds
strange; but who does not know that when
this contest is over, if the American trade shall
become crippled, and the English makers again
get possession of the market, the price will go
*And 10 per cent, ad valorfm.
up to remunerate them for the losses during
this struggle?
Mr. SCHENCK. I must now resume the
floor, in order to stop this debate.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to ask the ,
gentleman from New Jersey whether the in- j
ternal revenue taxes have not been repealed ?
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will allow this new convert to protection on the
Democratic side to finish his remarks. It is
somewhat remarkable for a man on this side
of the House to speak of special interests.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that debate on
this paragraph now cease.
The motion was agreed to.
The question first recurred on the amend-
ment to the amendment of Mr. Allison.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 60, noes 62.
Mr. ALLISON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Allison and
Mr. Cleveland were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 67.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. Aspkr's amendment, as amended, was
agreed to.
The question next recurred on the motion
of Mr. Hawley, to strike out the whole para-
graph.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 60, noes 70.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Blair and
Mr. Cox were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 64, noes 75.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On steel of circular shapes or forms, and on steel
! of all shapes or forms east, cut, rolled or hammered
: to pattern, not otherwise provided for, 4 cents per
. pound.
1 message from tub senate.
The committee informally rose; and Mr.
Scofield having taken the chair as Speaker i
pro tempore, a message was received from
the Senate, by Mr. Haulik, one of its clerks, i
: requesting the House of Representatives to
. return to the Senate a bill (S. No. 789) to au- 1
thorize the proper accounting officer of the
Treasury to settle and close the accounts of
Hinton Rowan Helper.
It was further announced that the Senate
j; had passed without amendment bills and joint
I' resolutions of the House of the following titles:
| An act (H. R. No. 486) to extend the time
I j for the completion of the military road from
!; Fort Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, in the State
'! of Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green Bay, in
II the State of Wisconsin;
i; An act (H. R. No. 858) for the relief of
Charles C. McCreary;
An act (H. R. No. 983) to amend an act
entitled an act to enforce mechanics' liens on
buildings in the District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 1025}) to amend an act
entitled an act to establish in the District
of Columbia a house of correction for boys,
approved July 28, 1866;
An act (H. R. No. 1594) to amend an act
entitled an act to incorporate the Freedmen'g
Savings and Trust Company, approved July
30, 1865;
An act (H. R. No. 1766) in relation to the
Iowa river, in the State of Iowa ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 131) grant-
ing an American register to the British-built
schooner W. D. B.; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 208) for the
relief of Boswell M. Shurtleff.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and joint resolutions
of the following titles; in which the concur-
rence of the House* was requested:
An act (S. No, 99) to pay loyal citizens in the !
States lately in rebellion for services in taking
the United States census of 1860 ;
An act (S. No. 453) granting a pension to J.
R. Callahan of Chariton, Iowa;
An act (S. No. 471) in relation to certain
unsold lands in the counties of Porter and
Lake, in the State of Indiana ;
An act (S. No. 554) to regulate credits to
prisoners for good behavior;
An act (S. No. 781) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act fixing the compensation for the
bailiffs and criers of the courts of the District
of Columbia, approved February 22, 1867 ;
An act (S. No. 782) to annul a portion of
a certain statute of the Territory of New
Mexico;
An act (S. No. 785) to incorporate an asso-
ciation for the prevention of cruelty to animals
in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 788) for the relief of tliu
widows and orphans of the officers, seamen,
and marines of the United States vessel of
war Oneida, and for other purposes ;
An act (S. No. 798) granting a pension to
Joseph Shelton;
An act (S. No. 799) for the relief of Anna
M. Howard;
An act (S. No. 808) granting a pension to
Amanda M. Ritchey;
An act (S. No. 809) granting a pension to
Mary M. tiller;
An act (S. No. 828) for the relief of Henry
Newell;
An act (S. No. 831) for the relief of Baron
Creutz, of the Netherlands ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 16) for the
relief of Benjamin Cooley and James H. Bos-
well; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 177) for the
sale of certain Indian lands in Kansas.
tariff bill again.
The committee resumed its session, Mr.
Wheeler in the chair.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to strike out
"4," in the four hundred and thirty-third line,
and to insert "2;" so that the paragraph will
read:
On steel of circular shapes or forms, and on steel
of all shapes or forms, east, cut, rolled or hammered
to pattern, not otherwise provided for, 2 cents per
pound.
I do not desire to raise a special discussion
on this paragraph. I simply desire to call the
attention of the committee to the great im-
portance of this article of steel—raw steel. In
whatever shape or state it is found it is one
of the most important articles in this country.
And when we reduce its price we are acting
in the interest of all the mechanics of the
country, blacksmiths and others, from North
to South and from East to West. We are act-
ing in the interest of all the carpenters, of all
the machinists, of all.the farmers of the coun-
try. It is one of the most important articles
in use by any civilized nation. In fact, with-
out it we should almost cease to be a civilized
nation. When we oppose any increase of duty
on this article we speak not only in the inter-
est of the farmers and other industrial classes
of the country, but we speak in the interest of
the manufacturers themselves; for the making
of steel into the various tools of the mechanic,
the farmer, and the machinist, gives employ-
ment to manufacturers who outnumber the
domestic manufacturers of steel hundreds to
one. I send to the desk to be read the state-
ment of an intelligent gentleman of my district,
which directs attention to the variety of uses
to which this article is put, and which I think
is well worthy of the consideration of the gen-
tlemen of the committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Steel, in whatever form it comes from the maker,
is raw material in its most essential sense. It ante-
dates and precedes all other raw material. There is
no other that is worked into so many useful and in-
dispensable articles; nor is there one that receives
such an increase of value—often a thousandfold—
from labor. There is not one in the whole range of
manufacturing that employs so many hands, or to
