1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5083
these bonds are concerned; and I repeat that
the reason for taxing the bonds is that all
other property in the country pays tax, butthis
property pays no tax at all.
Now, one word as to what is said about this
tax affecting the credit of the Government,.
You did tax these bonds as long as the income
tax lasted. Did that depreciate them ? Did
they not appreciate year after year while that
tax lasted, everyyear rising higher and higher?
Who is there, therefore, that says the tax depre-
ciated them?
But there is another argument I have heard
here, at which I have been amazed, coming from
the mouths of lawyers, that if you can tax five
Ser cent, you can tax one hundred per cent.
loes any mansee that that is an argument
against any taxing power at all in the Govern-
ment ? You might just as well say that if land
is taxed it may be taxed as high as its full
value, and therefore so as to confiscate its
value. That is an argument against any power
in the Government to tax land at all. The
argument is justas strong one way as the other.
It is no argument at all. It is not to be assumed
that Congress is going to act in bad faith, and
that because it may levy a tax on land it will
levy it to the full value of the land, and there-
fore confiscate the property; nor is it to be
assumed that because it has a right to tax the
income derived from these bonds, therefore
it is going to repudiate by levying a tax equal
to the bonds, and hence confiscate them to the
Government. That is an argument which is
not admissible at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose it is in order
now to amend the original proposition of the
Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. According to
the usage of the Senate, the Chair understands
that the original paragraph can be amended.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move the amendments
which I send to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In order to
perfect the original amendment, the Senator
from Oregon proposes, after the words " Uni-
ted States," to insert " or from any other source
exceeding in amount $2,000 and after the
word "tax" to insert "on;" so as to read:
That there shall bo levied and collected, in the
manner hereinafter specified, a tax of five per cent,
upon the income of every person residing in,the
United States, and of every citizen of the United
States residing abroad, derived from interest on the
bonds of the United States, or from any other source,
exceeding in amount 82,000, said tax on bonds to bo
collected by withholding the same in the payment
of such interest.
Mr. THURMAN. We can vote square on
that. It is a revival of the income tax.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Ohio a question; and that is, how the
Treasurer at whose office the coupons are pre-
sented will be able to distinguish between cou-
pons that belong to American citizens residing
abroad and those that belong to any other
foreign residents?
Mr. THURMAN. There was just the same
difficulty before while the income tax was in
force, and the Treasury found no trouble in it.
Mr. SAWYEK. I beg the Senator's pardon;
the individual had to make his return before;
hnt these coupons, whether held abroad by
American citizens or by foreigners, will all go
through the various banking houses, utterly
undistinguishable.
Mr. THURMAN. TheTreasuryDepartment
can easilv make regulations to cover that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Oregon, to perfect the original
proposition.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With permission, I will
modify that amendment, by striking out " five'-
and inserting "three," so as to make the rate
three per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be so modified.
Mr. MORTON, r should like to have the
amendment reported as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senate that in the opinion of
the Chair this amendment of the Senator from
Oregon is out of order. The pending amend-
ment, differing from the case of a bill, is the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, and to
that an amendment is offered changing its
character. Now, on the practice that applies
to bills, of perfecting a paragraph before it is
stricken out, the Senator from Oregon offers
this proposition. The Chair understands, how-
ever, that the Senate has received amendments
of this character; and although, in the opinion
of the Chair it produces confusion instead of
advancing business, the Chair will not under-
take to overrule the usage of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Chair decide
that the amendment of the Senator from Ore-
gon is out of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not so decide. The Chair conforms to
what it understands to be the practice of the
Senate to proceed in this manner, although in
the opinion of the Chair it is not in order. The
Chair receives it, according to the practice of
the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. If that is the opinion of
the Chair, I make the point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from Ohio makes the point of order, the
Chair will rule upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator does not
wish to reverse the custom of the Senate ever
since wc have had a Senate.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Oregon.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed,
the amendment will read:
That there shall be levied and collected in the
manner hereinafter specified, a tax of three per cent,
upon the income ot every person residing in,the
United States, and of every citizen of the United
States residing abroad, derived from interest on the
bonds of the United States, or from any other source
exceeding in amount ^2,000; said tax on bonds to bo
collected by withholding the same in the payment of
such interest.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that
amendment; but I propose another 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
believes that even the usage of the Senate does
not permit us to go any further in proposing
amendments now. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon to
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Alabama [Mr. Warner] to the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Tiiurman. ]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN'. On that 1 call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the amend-
ment read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That there shall bo levied and collected in the
manner hereinafter specified, a tax of five per cent,
upon the income of every person residing in tho
United States, and of every citizen of the United
States residing abroad, derived from interest on tho
bonds of the United States; said tax to bo collected
by withholding the same in the payment of such in-
Mr. CASSjERLY. I desire to say but one
word in reference to the charge of repudiation
made with so much vehemence a while ago by
certain Senators of the Administration party
in this Chamber.
It is a melancholy illustration of the force
of habit that when gentlemen, and very good
men, too, men who mean to be fair, and who
would scorn intentionally to be otherwise, get
into the use of a certain phrase ; by mere dint
of habit they repeat it in cases where they must
know it has no sort of application.
Now, sir, what is repudiation? Repudia-
tian is either to deny the whole of the debt or
a part of it, to declare that it is no longer bind-
ing. That is a clear repudiation. But who
ever before when discussions have arisen in
this country in reference to the debt heard of
the least exercise of the taxing power of the
Government over the interest payable on its
debt being charged as repudiation? If that
were true the taxing power could never be
exercised wherever the question of contract
could be raised between the Government and
an individual, or anything in the nature of a
contract. The very same gentlemen who are
so loud in their denunciations of repudiation
now against us were themselves the first repu-
diators when they passed the income tax law.
That tax was levied upon and specifically affected
and diminished the income received from Uni-
ted States bonds. Was that repudiation ? The
very Senators who passed that law will not say
so now, and no sensible man can say so. And
yet when the same principle is confined to that
particular class of property—I mean the right
of taxing such property—there is a clamor of
repudiation.
The truth is that the charge is idle; but it is
one that has been repeated so often in refer-
ence to other matters that from mere dint of
habit gentlemen continue to repeat it when it
is not worthy of the breath I have expended on
it. They are the men who damage the public
credit by this outcry, unfounded, mischievous,
and unjust toward a large portion of their fel-
low-citizens. It seems to me that things have
come to this pass, that whenever any proposi-
tion is made in reference to the public debt
which does not please certain interests in this
country and certain Senators in this body, it is
repudiation; whatever they do not like is repu-
diation.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say just one
word. I believe my friend from California
voted to repeal the income tax entirely; and
that was the only tax which fell in any form
upon the proceeds of these bonds. If I re-
member correctly, my friend voted against the
funding bill. There is a way legitimately to
reduce the interest on our bonds, by funding
the debt, a process well understood. We have
tried to devise a scheme of that kind, and we
hope to make it successful; but, so far as I
know, our Democratic friends have voted
against it in both Houses. They oppose the
income tax in a general form. They oppose
the funding bill. Now, we desire to reduce
the interest on our bonds. It can be done.
It can be done legitimately, without an impu-
tation of a breach of faith. We propose to
accomplish it in that way, and we meet the
opposition of the Democrats at every step.
When these bonds are taxed indirectly in the
way of a general income tax we find that party
voting to repeal that tax.
Mr. President, they seem to be in favor of
reaching these bonds in a way that they cannot
properly be reached, but seem to be opposed
to reaching them in any way in which they can
be properly reached.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Tiiubjiait.]
Mr. nAMLIN. I desire to say that the
Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling] who
sits by me is absent to-day by reason of severe
indisposition. I understand that a physician
was in attendance upon him during the night.
There are many important questions on which
he would like to vote; and hence I state the
reason of his absence.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 85 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cassorly, Davis. Fen ton,
Hamilton of Maryland, McCreery, Pratt, Sprague,
Stockton, Thurman, and Viekers—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Chandler,
t'orijeit, (IJrake, Hdmimds, Kowter, Gilbert,
ilamhn, llairis, Howe, Lewis, McDonald, jNlorrill
