294
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
Senate.
State of Georgia—Mr. Fowler.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
ago ittookpossession of this Government, then
without credit, without an army; with its Navy
scattered purposely to the four quarters of the
globe, not a ship afloat that could enter a south-
ern harbor; unable to borrow money except at
the most extravagant rates, and scarcely at all.
Then,-air, the abolition of slavery was not
contemplated; but look at what has occurred.
At the July session in 1861 I had the honor
of introducing into this body a bill declaring
that any slave who by the consent of his mas-
ter was permitted to work upon rebel forti-
fications, or in aid of the rebel service, should
be free; and with the assistance of my Re-
publican associates in this House and the
other we made that bill a law. It seems now
a small matter, but it was the commencement
of the freedom of the colored race. At that
time there were generals in your Army who
when they captured slaves in arms against the
country restored them to their masters; and
it was not until by act of Congress, brought
about by my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] whointroduced the bill, making it an
article of war that any officer who should thus
return a slave to his master should be dismissed
the service, that the abominable practice was
prevented. Then came the abolition of slavery
in this District, by the payment to the owner of
tlif Vdlueoftheslave. Then cainethegreatcon-
fiscation act of July, 18G2, which declared that
the slave of every rebel who camo within our
lines, or who was. found in a district of country
occupied by our troops, should be free. Then
followed the emancipation proclamation, de-
claring the slaves in certain States and parts
of States beyond our lines free. Then came
the great constitutional amendment, declaring
that henceforth and forever every person within
the jurisdiction of tho-Republic should be free.
Then followed the civil lights act, protecting
every citizen in the land in his equal righls of
person and of property. Then came the four-
teenth amendment, securing the rights of free-
dom and citizenship to every inhabitant of the
land; and last came the fifteenth amendment,
securing the right of suffrage, without regard
to race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude.
And, sir, all these acts were accomplished,
I am sorry to have to say, without the aid of
our Democratic friends. When the history
of this country shall bo written it will appear
that a race was emancipated and freedom
established in Bpite of the votes of the Demo-
cratic party. All theso great acts were accom-
plished through the instrumentality of the .Re-
publican party alone. And what moreV Why,
sir, under the auspices of that party the great
rebellion was suppressed, and the nation, which
went into the war feoble, without credit, and
sneered at by foreign Powers, came out of it
with its credit restored, its power more firmly
established than ever before, and universally
recognized throughout the world as among the
most formidable Powers of earth.
Why, sir, whose heart did not swell within
him with patriotic pride when a year ago the
words uttered in this Chamber by an American
Senator on the subject of the outrages upon
our commerce during the war produced a sen-
sation throughout the whole continent of Eu-
rope, and shook with alarm that powerful nation
by whose permission, if not connivance, they
had heeu carried on ?
And, sir, the Republican party and the nation
achieved all its tsiurophs under the bannersof
justice, of law, and of liberty. Let us not
tarnish those banners now by such an act of
usurpation and injustice as forcing a Legisla-
ture upon the people of Georgia. Strong as
the Republican party is, while based on the
principles of humanity and justice, on obedi-
ence to the Constitution and to law, which were
the banners under which all our triumphs were
achieved, I beg of you not to weaken it nor
tarnish its glorious record by an unwarranted
assumption of power in this case. It cannot
be justified upon the principles of constitu-
tional law. Some of the pending amendments,
if adopted, are destructive of that liberty for
which freemen have contended for centuries,
liberty regulated by law.
Let us then, Mr. President, pass this Geor-
gia bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives, and put an end to the questions grow-
ing outofthe war. Georgia restored, and recon-
struction is ended. We have already passed
the thirteenth, the fourteenth, and the fifteenth
amendments, securing to every inhabitant of
the land equality of rights, civil and political,
without regard to race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude. The only disabilities now
resting upon any are those growing out of the
rebellion. Let them speedily be removed, so
that there shall be no man in all this land who
can look upon another and say, "My rights
are greater than thine."
And, sir, as the word "slave" can never
again be used to designate a human being
within the limits of this broad Republic, so let
the time speedily come when there shall be none
to whom the word "rebel" can apply. Then
all, standing equal before the law, will learn to
respect each other as brethren of one common
country, interested alike in securing to all the
blessings of peace and good government.
State of Georgia.
SPEECH OF IIONT J. S. FOWLER,
of tennessee,
In tub Senate or tiie United States,
April 10, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration tho bill (EC.
It. No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States-
Mr. FOWLER said:
Mr. President: The Senate is again engaged
upon the consideration of the independence and
integrity of one of the States of the Union.
Ten years of agitation, secession, war, and
strife have made some impression upon the
people arid the Government. It is not within
the rangeof our experience to determine what
that change maybe. No human foresight can
now predict the influence of the past ten years
upon the character of the people. No nation
has ever been ablo to withstand the agencies
of change that long and violent wars evoke ;
and the more especially is this the ease in sec-
tional contests. The sooner this subject is
removed from the public mind the sooner will
the safety of our institutions be assured.
Of all Governments known ours is least
calculated to withstand the changes wrought
upon public opinion. Our institutions are the
creatures of public sentiment and cannot sur-
vive great revolutions in it. They are plastic
and conform to the hands that mold them.
They have no self-resistant power which can
subject and bend the thought of the people to
conformity. Despotic Governments are more
fixed in their character, have more power of
resistance, are far les3 sensitive to the touch
of thought than republics. Some of the former
are so inflexible as almost to defy the power
of time and the march of mind. They are
endowed not only with great power of resist-
ance, but have a capacity to direct even the
thoughts of the citizen into the desired channel.
Such is the Chinese system, the most efficient
and unchanging that history records. Genera-
tions reaching far beyond the domain of his-
tory enjoyed the same fojm and practice that
the present furnishes for our observation and
instruction.
It is not the same with republics. They
cannot long withstand the influences of time.
A dense population, the accumulation of
wealth, great activity, all mold the public mind.
To these causes we-add agitation, war, and
civil strife, and the effect is redoubled. The
character of the people is the expression of
their sentiments, and these depend wholly on
the subjects considered. The subject of war
and all the exciting-questions that are calcu-
lated to arouse resentment and sectional ani-
mosity, ortoperpetuatehatreds already formed,
tend only to crystallize them into more per-
manent and pernicious forms ; but government
cannot survive the existence of fraternal feel-
ings. It cannot remain a republic with one
half governed by the other. The people must
voluntarily unite in the supportof the Govern-
ment or it cannot long survive the influence. It
will require but a few years of arbitrary rule,
either by the military or political machinery,
to accustom the people to obedience or to cun-
ning and address.
It is ever agreeable to conform our action
to the current of public opinion, or at all events
to that of the party or persons with whom we
are accustomed to act. It would, indeed, be so
in this instance if duty did not demand a higher
and different course. The present is by far
the most important question that has appeared
in this Chamber. It involves the houor and
dignity of an old and honored Commonwealth;
one of the thirteen Colonies that began a new
era of civil liberty in America. It dues more:
it involves the very framework of our civil
institutions, the integrity and glory of the Re-
public. Still more: in this question, in its
permanent decisiou, is involved the hopes of
mankind in free government every where. The
purchase of a present party advantage, or that
of the satisfaction of a part of the people for a
short time, at such a cost, would be but a sad
work. Our conduct should be governed by the
considerations of the safety and permanency of
the Republic, the future happiness and frater-
nity of the citizens of every State. No class of
our people can purchase exemptions from the
arduous struggles of life, or the burdens imposed
by our struggle and its wonderful results. Free-
dom and its advantages must be purchased
always at their own severe price.
In this, as in all other great questions, the
demands of duty must be satisfied. The inter-
est and future good of the people, the solemn
obligations that our oaths, recorded in our
hearts and constantly demanding obedience
to the Constitution of our Republic impose,
are paramount to all other considerations.
Congress by the Constitution is made the law-
making power in certain specified and dele-
gated provinces. Over such subjects and within
certain prescribed limitations the power of
Congress extends. This Government is one
of limitations. Written and specific grants
have been made to it by the people. These
grants are to be construed strictly and against
the exercise of authority not in its favor. It
sustains two marked relations to the people;
the first to the whole people of the United
States, the second to the people of the several
States as local and independent organizations.
The members of this body are in a high and
peculiar sense the representatives of the local
organizations. They are not less so perhaps
of the whole people; but they are at the same
time the potential presence and action of the
States. Both of these relations have been con-
stituted in the interest of the people individ-
ually, and collectively of the nation and the
State.
The duty of a representative arises out of
and partakes of the high character of his mis-
sion and function: He is here as the expres-
sion of the will of his district or his State, which
are both subordinate to the rights and inter-
ests of the whole people of the nation and the
several States. The entire machinery of the
Government as a whole has been formed in the
interests of the inalienable and indefeasible
