1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4141
leased lands, about ten million acres, and to
pay them $300,000 if they would make the
colored men allottees like themselves and
equal to themselves. They declined to do that,
and we decliued to pay the §300,000 ; and now
we are only to live up to the obligation of the(
treaty ; that is, to pay from 1866.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I think I
ought to say a word or two in relation to this
general question. When the treaty of 18C6
was made the relations of the United States
with the Indian tribes were not. very pleasant.
The honorable Senator from Ohio said that, he
thought some provisions in the treaty of 1866
ought, never to have been agreed to. Probably
they would not under different circumstances;
bat he will remember that we were then at
war with all the Indians on the frontier, circling j
around from the Indian territory up to the }
northern border of Minnesota. There was a !
continuous line of hostile Indians all the way |
around, and of these powerful tribes of Indians i
in the Indian territory a majority, 1 think, had j
been allied with the rebels. They were in con- i
stant intercommunication with the plains In- i
dians. If there had been no adjustment made
at the close of the war between the United
States and these Indians the character of the
Indian war would have been a very different
one from what it proved to be afterward. ^
We have but to think of the number of the
Indians named in this amendment, the Choc-
xaws and the Chickasaws; they number about
eighteen thousand. The Creeks number about
thirteen thousand; the Cherokees about four-
teen thousand; the Seminoles nearly three
thousand-—making a very large body of Indians
with none of whom we had regular treaty obli-
gations at the close of the war. All ot them
had formerly made treaties with the rebels.
It was therefore very desirable to have some
peaceful arrangement made with them, and
the payment of these little obligations would
not amount, to a drop in the bucket as com-
pared with the expense of a war with the plains
Indians allied with these Indians, as every
Senator will perceive; and doubtless that had
its influence on the Senate when the Senate
approved this treaty, or when it authorized the
President to proclaim it as the law of the land.
I ought to say another word, I think, in rela-
tion to the payment of this $250,000. The
honorable Senator from Ohio is doubtless right
as to his interpretation of international law.
If these Indians were at war with the United
States pro forma we would have a right, I
suppose, to confiscate all obligations; but the
payment was never made to these Indians.
There were, I think, not to exceed one hun-
dred of this tribe in Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. Only a few.
Mr. HARLAN. Very few ; but a handful
of them. The great body of them never re-
ceived one dollai's worth of provisions out
of this S250.000 turned over by the Treasury
Department to the Interior Department. It
was therefore in no sense of the word, eirher
in law or in equity, a payment to these Indians.
If it is true that it was not a payment in law
or in equity the question would arise whether
they had done anything which specially re-
quires us to punish them in this way.
On that point I ought to call the attention
of the Senate to another fact. The superin-
tendent of Indian affairs appointed by Abra-
ham Lincoln, and confirmed by the Senate after
his inauguration, Albert Pike, and the Indian
agents appointed and confirmed at the same
time, advised these Indians to do precisely what
they did—advised them to go off and ally them-
selves with the South. Tiie agents who were
sent to them commissioned by Abraham Lin-
coln advised them to do this.
Mr, PO ME HO Y. They took the money from
our Government with them.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose they did. Albert
Pike proved to be a rebel, a very efficient offi-
cer, 1 believe, in the rebel service ; but I call
attention to this fact in making up a judgment
of the character of these Indians and the amount
of punishment they merit, that the agents we
sent to them with the commission of Abraham
Lincoln advised them to ally themselves with
the South.
Mr. NYE. Who were they?
Mr. HARLAN. Albert Pike was the super-
intendent. I do not remember the names of
the agents.
Mr. SHERMAN. Are we therefore bound?
Mr. HARLAN. No ; I suppose not. I do
not suppose that creates a legal obligation upon
us; but I mention this fact in connection with
the subject of the punishment that ought to
be awarded to these people for doing what
they did.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the honorable
chairman one question, and that is as to the
number of the Choctaw tribe of Indians and
the probable number of straggling Choctaws
that received the benefit of that appropriation
of $250,000 by Congress in 1805.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think that over
one hundred or one hundred and fifty of them
ever participated in any of the advantages of it.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the strength of the
Choctaw tribe ?
Mr. PO.MEROY. Thirteen thousand.
Mr. HARLAN. My memory is that there
were about eighteen thousand of the two tribes,
of whom about four thousand were Chickasaws.
'That would make about fourteen thousand
Choctaws. The number may vary a very little
from that.
Mr. DAVIS. And about one hundred out
of the fourteen thousand received some ben-
efit fiom this appropriation?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 think not more than one
hundred or one hundredand fifty. If they were
not specially criminal, and if it became neces-
sary to come to terms with them in order
to prevent them from uniting with the plains
Indians, and making it cost us far more than a
fulfillment of the obligations we were under by
the provisions of previous treaties, the question
would arise whether the United States, the
President and the Senate, did not intend by the
treaty of 1866 to do what the Indians claimed
they did ; whether we did not intend by that
treaty to agree to fulfill all contracts that we
had entered into previous to the beginning of
the war. It seems to me that the facts justify
the conclusion that it was the purpose of the
Government to make that arrangement with
them, to fulfill all contracts that were in force
befoie the war began. If so, then this is one
of them, if this was in force before the war
began.
1 might, also suggest that they were deprived
by the treaty of 1866 of all the annuities due
them. The interest on their bonds and other
annuities due them from year to year were
applied to the support of refugee Indians, in
the benefits of which but a handful of their
tribe ever participated.
These are the facts in the case, and I sup-
pose they ought to be understood.
Mr. POMEROY. Did they not give uptheir
land ?
Mr. HARLAN. They gave up the leased
lands, about ten million acres.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg the Sen-
ate to come to a vote on this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ia
on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Buckingham] to the amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
Tiie Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 32 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Cnsserly,
Chandler, JJavia, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of
Maryland, Ilarlan, MeCreory. SlcDotiald, Ilice,
Saul&bury, Spraguo, Thurmau, Vickers, and War-
ner—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Cole, Corbett,
Brake, Gilbert, Eamilton of' Texas, liamlin, Harris,
Howaid, Howe, Ilowcll, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey,
Ross, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Xiumbull, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Yates—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Browo-
low, Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling, Cragin, Edmunds,
Fenton, Ferry, Johnston. Kellogg, Lewis, Norton,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Revels, Robertson, Sawyer,
Spencer, and Wilson—23.
po the amendment to the amendment was
rejected. - . .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thequestiou re-
curs on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President' 
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us go into executive'
session.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the question will now
be taken on mv amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated that the question now recurs uft the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire the attention of the
Senate for a moment. The Senate adopted a
resolution by which it agreed in its evening
sessions to proceed with the Calendar. By the
ruling of the Chair it was determined that the
unfinished business precluded theoperation of
that resolution, and that if we met in the even-
ing, as we shall meet to-night, the unfinished
business had precedence of that order. Now,
sir, I think I say what every.Senator knows,
and certainly what the Senator from Kansas,
who offered the resolution, intended, for he
conferred with me about it, that the intention
was that we should have an evening session
for the consideration of the Calendar.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope this debate will not
progress further until the question is taken on
the pending amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say to my colleague
that I do not desire to be brought into any col-
lision with him on this appropriation bill; but
I desire to appeal to him and to ask him to
harmonize with us, and to let us proceed with
the Calendar this evening, with the understand-
ing that his bill, left unfinished in the day ses-
sion, shall remain as the unfinished business
to come up to-morrow morning.
Mr. SUMNER and others. That is right.
Mr. HAMLIN. If my colleague will not
respond to this appeal it will impose upon me
the necessity of making a motion to that effect
when we come together in the evening, and
have a contest about it 
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the regular order
of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky insists on the regular order,
which is the consideration of the amendment
offered by him.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask my colleague to
answer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Maine, before the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
answers, thatthe Chair stated his interpretation
of the resolution to which reference has been
made when it was agreed to by the Senate._
Mr. HAMLIN. I am not finding fault with
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ So that the Sen-
ate understood how the Chair would construe
the resolution before it was adopted, and the
Senator from Kansas said ho would accept that
interpretation, and would move to lay aside the
appropriation bill whenever it was desired to
go on with the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. The only fault v/as that
I did not move to lay aside the appropriation
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In reply to my
colleague I will only say that I am exceedingly"
anxious to finish this bill, with a view to take
up bills of a similar character which are press-
ing ; but if it is the pleasure of the Senate to
devote to-night to other business, considering
that the expectation of a portion of the Senate
at least was disappointed in the ruling given
by the Chair, and with the understanding that
I shall be allowed to go on and finish this bill
to-morrow, I will not interpose any objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Maine consents that the appropriation bill may
