1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2253
its hydra head. They will conquer and crush
it at any cost, and then in this free Republic
all sections. States, and citizens will have fair
play and an equal chance, and all will bear
their due proportion of the public burdens.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I yield the remainder
of my time to my colleague from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward.]
Mr. WOODWARD. How much time?"re-
mains?
The CHAIRMAN. Fifteen minutes.
Mr. WOODWARD. I cannot consent to
be limited to fifteen minutes.
Mr. GILFILLAN. That is all the time I
"have got.
Mr. WOODWARD. I will occupy the fif-
teen minutes if gentlemen will then allow me
to go on and conclude my remarks?
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman indi-
cate how much time he will probably require ?
Mr. WOODWARD. An hour. I have not
said a word upon this subject yet. I will not
abuse the patience of the House unreason-
ably.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think there can be no
objection to the gentleman taking the floor in
his own right for one hour.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I will yield the floor
entirely.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] that if he speaks beyond the fifteen
minutes allotted to him by his colleague [Mr.
Gilfillan] it must be by the consent of the
committee.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish it to be dis-
tinctly understood that I do not take the fifteen
minutes. I want an hour—not to exceed an
hour.
The CHAIRMAN. It ia not within the
province of the Chair to allot an hour to the
gentleman.
Mr. WOODWARD. Well, sir, I will pro-
ceed upon the assumption that the committee
will indulge me with what additional time I
need.
Mr. ALLISON. I think there will be no
objection to allowing the gentleman his hour.
Mr. WOODWARD proceeded to address the
committee; but before he had concluded his
remarks the hour arrived (half past four p.
in.) fixed by order of the House for taking a
recess.
The Committee of the Whole accordingly
took a recess until half past seven o'clock p. in.
EVENING SESSIOX
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed its session, (Mr. Stevenson in the
chair,) and proceeded with the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing
laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. WOODWARD then resumed and con-
cluded as follows:
Mr. Chairman, if it were possible to discuss
and decide the tariff policy of the Government
upon principle, irrespective of special and sec-
tional interests, I would beat no loss to-day what
to say. I would recall the thought that ours is a
popular Government, by which I mean a Gov-
ernment of and for the people ; that they im-
parted to it the faculty of levying imposts upon
foreign products imported into the country, as
they have the power to lay and collect internal
taxes; that this grant of power was made solely
as a means of supporting the Government; in
other words, to furnish it with necessary reve-
nues ; that in adjusting these duties and taxes a
wise statesmanship should overlook sections
and regard the industries and productions of the
whole'country, and select such objects of tax-
ation as would yield the requisite revenue with
the least prejudice to our domestic interests,
in the language of the day, a revenue tariff
with incidental protection of American labor
and production is my beau ideal of a tariff
policy.
Had some Smithson, or Peabody, or other
rich benefactor endowed us with a fund whose
annual income should equal the demands of
economical administration, I would have no
tariffs or taxes whatever. I would let the
rewards of labor repose in the pocket of the
laborer until he chose to exchange them for
that which he and his family wanted more than
money. I would let the farmer sell in the
dearest markets and buy in the cheapest he
could find in the world.
But we have not been so endowed; we have
no annuity for the support of Government ex-
cept such as the people earn by labor bestowed
upon the physical resources of our country.
Hence comes the necessity for taxation; but
all reason and justice demand that taxation
should burden labor as lightly as possible, and
be imposed with such discrimination as to help
the American laborer in his competition with
the ill-fed, ill-clothed, and ill-housed laborer of
foreign lands. Protective tariffs inure more to
the benefit of capital than of labor. A tariff
for revenue with incidental protection of home
industry, not a tariff for protection with inci-
dental revenue—this is the concrete form of
my faith on this many-sided subject.
I have no respect for the maxim sometimes
openly avowed, but oftener acted upon, ''Let
Government protect the rich and the rich will
take care of the poor.'' Between capital and
labor there is no necessary hostility, and when
they are brought into angry antagonism it is
the result of bad legislation. The more they
can be left free to adjust relations for them-
selves the better will it be for both.
But, sir, the time is gone for treating tariffs
upon a broad and comprehensive principle.
Since the tariff of 1846, which was one of the
best we have ever had, the revenue basis has
been gradually departed from, and we have
returned to the protective policy and carried
it up to a point which its early advocates never
anticipated. The gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] who is on the. Committee of
Ways and Means, and who opened this debate,
stated that the average duties upon all import-
ations for the fiscal year ending July 1, 1868,
was 41.2, and upon dutiable articles 47.86,
against 26 per cent, under the tariff of 1846
and which ran down to 19 and 20 per cent.
Whether this bill will increase the disparity
between existing and former averages depends
upon a comparison of specifics and ad valo-
rerns which I have had no time to make. But
certain it is that the protective policy has
made great advances in the last thirty yeara.
It has been advocated and opposed by all sec-
tions and all parties ; but sectional interests
have prevailed, by combination, in maintaining
and advancing it.
The gentleman from New York [Mr.Brooks]
more than intimates that the present bill is the
result of sectional struggles. I have been
happy to hear gentlemen, setting forth the
claims of labor in their respective districts, and
I want to do the same thing for my district.
This is the way to lead to sound legislation, or
if it be indeed the game of grab at which we
are playing, my district is entitled to a hand
in. In no district is labor more productive or
more directly contributory to the activities and
interests of the country at large. I proceed,
therefore, to speak of the wages of labor, and
that I may not get beyond my depth I shall
confine myself principally to the labor of that
district. _
The twelfth congressional district of Penn-
sylvania consists of the counties of Luzerne
and Susquehanna. The latter county is alnwst
exclusively a grazing county. It has no min-
erals and a very inconsiderable amount ot man-
ufacturing. Its principal productions are beef
and mutton, butter and cheese, hay, oats, po-
tatoes, and wool. Enjoying direct railroad
communications with the city of New York and
the mineral region of the adjoining county of
Luzerne, it is provided with excellent markets
for its productions, and the farmers of Susque-
hanna county are generally prosperous ; but I
am sorry to add that a majority of them are
incorrigible Republicans.
Luzerne county is in point of population the
third county in the State, being excelled iu
this regard only by those two counties that
contain the great cities of Philadelphia and
Pittsburg. Much of its territory is devoted to
agriculture ; not only such productions as char-
acterize Susquehanna county, but wheat, rye,
and barley are largely raised. In 1825, when
I first knew the county, and for many years
thereafter, the export of grains was its princi-
pal business, but since the growth of the coal
trade it has become one of the best markets
of the country, not only for its own agricultu-
ral aud horticultural productions, but also for
neighboring counties and for western New
York, and indeed for the great West, for our
merchants aud millers import grain largely
from Chicago. The manufacturing interests of
this county are very considerable. At Scranton
there is one of the largest blast furnaces and
rolling mills for the smelting of iron and roll-
ing of bars and rails that are to be found in
the State, while the machine-shops at that
point, at Carbondale, at Pittston, Wilkesbarre,
and Hazelton are numerous and extensive.
But thegreat industrial interest of that county
is the mining and transportation of anthracite
coal. That I may give the committee a compre-
hensive view of this great interest, let me state
that the anthracite coal-field of Pennsylvania
is divided into three sections, which though
adjacent are separated from each other by
ranges of mountains that conform in general
outline to the Alleghanies, that run from the
southwest to ths northeast. The first or south-
ern of these coal-fields is principally in Schuyl-
kill county, and, including the lands of the
Lehigh Coal and Navigation Company east of
Tamaqua, contains 146 square miles, or 93,440
square acres. The second or middle coal-field,
including the Shamokin district, the Mahanoy,
the Beaver Meadow, Hazelton, Eclcley, Big
and Little Black Creek districts, contains 126
square miles, or 80,640 square acres. The
third or northern coal-field, sometimes called
the Wyoming and Lackawanna region, con-
tains 198 square miles, or 126,720 square acres.
Total area of the three fields, 470square miles,
or 300,800 square acres.
P. W. Sheaffer, a very competent^ mining
engineer of Pottsville, made the following esti-
mate, a few years ago, in regard to these fields:
Cubic yards or tons.
Quantity of coal in 3 fields  26,343,660,000
From which deduct half for waste in
mining and breaking  13,171,830,000
Residue  13,171,830,000
Deduct amount mined in 46 years  149,876,119
Residue on hand 13,021,953,881
equal to 43,291 tons per acre.
These figures, says Mr. Sheaffer, give an
amount of coal "in the hold" equal to a de-
mand of 20,000,000 tons per annum for 651J
years. Mr. Gladstone startled the House of
Commons, a few years ago by announcing that
the coal-fields of England would not bear to be
mined at their then rates for more than 100
years more, and that long before the day of final
exhaustion arrived the skilled artisans of Eng-
land would draw off to more enduring coal-
fields. The foregoing figures show where these
skilled artisans will find their coal-field for 500
years after England has exhausted her last
mine. They will come to Pennsylvania, or to
such points in neighboring States as will give
them easy access to these immense deposits
of the black diamond. .
The following data show how anthracite coal
struggled into recognition from 1768 to 1820,
and how the production has increased smce
the latter date:
