1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5085
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend the sec-
tion before the vote is taken on striking it out
so as to make it read:
There shall be levied and collected annually for
the years 1871 and 1872, and no longer, a tax of two
and a half per cent, upon the gains, profits, and in-
come, &c.
My proposition is simply to extend the in-
come tax for the next two years and then have
it expire by its own limitation, fixing its amount
at two and a half per cent. I will state in a
word my reason for making this proposition.
I voted for the repeal of the income tax in
the hope that we could do it and at the same
time reduce the rates on tea, coffee, and sugar,
and repeal the tax on gross receipts ; but 1 find,
on careful examination, that this cannot be
done with safety to the Treasury. Therefore,
I am willing to vote to retain the income tax
at two and a half per cent, for the years 1871
and 1872, and "no longer." I propose to
leave the same exemption that there is in the
bill, $2,000. I am against the income tax;
but I am also in favor of reducing the tax on
tea, coffee, and sugar, articles that enter into
the general consumption.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts to the clause proposed to
be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. To avoid misunderstand-
ing, I wish to state that the Committee on
Finance reported various amendments to these
sections, to none of which I suppose there will
be objection, as most of them are formal. I
hope they will be adopted as part of thesections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the present question to be on
concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, to strike out all these
sections.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it is in order to
amend the part proposed to be stricken out,
and as all these amendments have been read I
hope they will be concurred in, and then we
can take the vote on the question of striking
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In Commit-
tee of the Whole these sections were stricken
out. When a section is stricken out of course
the amendments made to the body of that sec-
tion fall.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I will wait
then until the vote is taken on striking out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to the sections which
the amendment of the Committee of the Whole
struck out.
Mr. SAWYER. Some weeks since I had
the honor of making a few remarks on this
question of the income tax in opposition to it.
1 spoke of it then as a tax whichit seemed to
me involved a great many inequalities, and one
which it was very desirable to get rid of. Hut
there are many taxes which it is quite as desir-
able to get rid of as this one, and I am going
to vote for this proposition as a choice of evils.
Mr. COLE. This tax will afford, with the
reduction that is proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] not a very large
amount; and one strong reason why 1 shall
vote against it is that if the tax is stricken off
entirely it will enable the Government to dis-
pense with a very large proportion of the in-
ternal revenue force of the country—perhaps
just about one half of that force throughout
the country—and this will reduce very much
the expenses of the Government, besides at
the same time relieving the country from a
v ry great annoyance, which has been fully
discussed. We have all heard of the annoy-
ance that this is to tax payers generally, it
being in the character of an inquisition upon
everybody, whether he pays the tax, or is liable
to pay it, or not.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, ifthe motion
shall prevail, and the income tax in this new
form shall continue, the machinery of our in-
ternal revenue must be continued also; and
therefore you have the practical question put
to you now, shall that machinery be reduced
or shall it go on? Now, I am for its reduc-
tion.
'I hen again, if this new form of income tax
is adopted you have the same system of inqui-
sition, the same offensive proceeding, the same
espionage—those same odious things which
have justly made the existing income tax so
offensive. There is not an argument which can
be brought against the existing tax which may
not be brought against this milder substitute.
Milder in some respects it is, but then essen-
tially the same in principle, and obnoxious to
every one of the arguments brought against the
other.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am very glad that this
amendment is brought forward, and I am very
anxious to vote for it. When the vote was
taken the other day it happened that from in-
disposition I was absent. I am fully convinced
that the greatest mistake this Senate has made
this session—or it will be so if this vote is to
stand—was the vote striking out the provisions
in favor of the income tax. I believe myself
that it is one of the most just taxes imposed
by the Government. I know very well that
the argument is that this tax is unequal, inquisi-
torial, &c.; but when all the froth of words,
all the wealth of rhetoric is swept away on this
subject, the real objection to this tax is the
payment of the money, and nothing more.
Ever since this law has had an existence it
has been my fortune to pay a small income
tax. I never have known anything about the
inquisitorial character of the law; and I ap-
peal to every Senator in this body to answer
for himself whether he has been affected in
any way in that regard. In my judgment it is
of the highest importance that this tax should
be retained in some shape.
Mr. CORBETT. I still think that the action
of the Senate, striking off this income tax, or
refusing to continue it, as it has expired by
limitation, is one of its wisest acts. The tax
law stated that it should continue to and in-
cluding the year 1870, " and no longer." The
striking off of this tax I believe has given gen-
eral satisfaction throughout the country. We
free the people from this inquisitorial tax. We
free every farmer and every mechanic, every
man in the United States, from keeping an
account of everything that he buys and sells ;
of every pound of butter that he sells, every
chicken that he sells, every pig, every cow,
every horse, every bushel of grain. Now he
must keep ail account of everything of this
kind. It is a great deal of trouble. • It reaches
every man in the country who carries on busi-
ness. Otherwise the assessor has a right to
assess him whatever he chooses.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me
to correct him. There are several sections in
the bill that avoid all those charges. In the
case put by him, all that the farmer or any one
else would have to do would be simply to make
his return under oath that he has not an income
under the law of more than $2,000, the amount
allowed to be exempted. There is no espion-
age in it.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that every man
is to give in his income return and swear to it.
He may not like to swear that he has not
received a dollar more or less. He may be
mistaken; he is conscientious, and therefore
it is to him objectionable. He has never had
to do it before. I say it reaches every portion
of the community, and it has created more dis-
satisfaction than any other tax levied by this
Government. Therefore I hope we shall stand
to our decision. Many of the taxes or duties
that were proposed under the list or schedule
here have been retained in the import duties,
v/hich really increase the duties which were
included in the statement made, and we have
retained them. Therefore, the revenue will be
increased, and with the natural increase of the
revenue, both on imports and on the internal
revenue of the United States, I believe we can
do without this tax. We have voted to retain
the tax on gross receipts, which will make up
for it, and 1 believe myself that we could even
do away with the sugar tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order that the Senate
may have the facts fully before them, I wish
to state that the Senate proposition repeals as
many taxes as the House proposition; but we
have repealed the whole of the remaining spe-
cial taxes which the House proposed to retain.
We thought their collection would involve a
large expenditure without any necessity. That
seemed to have met general approval in the
Senate. For the purpose of counterbalancing
this repeal we have retained some (axes which
the House proposed to repeal, so that the one
is as broad as the other is long.
Mr. CORBETT. If you are to keep up all
this machinery for the collection of the income
tax, you might as well keep up these other taxes.
Mr. SHERMAN. The answer to that is
that the whole income tax is. levied in the first
fifteen days in the month of May.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time
of the Senator from Oregon has expired.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, trading in
money is about the only profitable occupation
in this country. The taxes that other people
pay can only be assessed upon that class through
the income tax. They are relieved from all
the taxes that the industries of the country
pay except this income tax. I trust that the
tax will be retained.
Mr. STEWART. I hope this income tax
will not be retained in any form. I think it is
the most injurious and offensive tax we have.
I do not suppose that I can add anything to
what has been said on the subject; but for one
I regard it as a tax upon enterprise. Those
who were intended to be reached by it have
evaded it to a great extent. The enterprising
are compelled to give in their incomes in full,
or otherwise their credit would be impaired.
Money-lenders and misers will shirk it, because
credit is not essential to them. I had hoped
that we had got rid of this tax. I have heard
more complaint about this income tax than all
the other taxes together, among the high and
low, on the stump and everywhere else. I
believe it is a most offensive tax to the Amer-
ican people. I hope it will not be retained ia
any shape.
Mr. DRAKE. We are very likely to hear
complaints from the class of people with whom
our daily life brings us in association. We in
the Senate are much more likely, therefore, to
hear the complaints of the men who have to
pay the income tax, than we are to hear the
views of those who do not have to pay it. All
this reminds me of a condition of things that
many Senators in this Chamber will remember
during the days of the old Whig party. You
would always get the first returns of the elec-
tions from the cities and towns, almost all of
which were in favor of the Whig party; but
as soon as you began to hear from the brush,
from up the creeks, from out on the farms,
then came in the voice of the Democracy.
You are hearing now on this income tax in
this Senate Chamber from the cities and towns
where the income tax is paid, and where men
do not want to pay it. After awhile, if you
abolish it, you will hear from up the creeks ;
you will hear from the woods; you will hear
from the farms, when those people find that
because you have abolished the income tax
you have been compelled to keep on taxes that
reach every man's pocket there.
Sir, we had better listen to the voice to come
than listen to that which we hear now from the
cities and towns; and especially had we better
remember that voting away the income tax is
voting a tax off the shoulders of every one of
us and putting it in other matters upon the
shoulders of ihe great mass of the people. Sir,
the only tax I pay to the Government this day,
except upon my watch and some silver ware
for ray table, is this income tax. My only
regret in connection with the action of either
