&96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
Senate.
State of Georgia—Mr. Fowler.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
made up of individuals, and manifest only
such characteristics as are found in their units.
In none is there unmixed evil or good. There
is, however, more of good than evil in the
worst individuals, communities, and parties;
and there is no honest man that will pronounce
himself free from faults. It is the very essence
of hypocrisy to assert ourselves ': conscious of
no sins." Theheartso conscious is divorced
from sincerity, humility, and fact." There
may be some men who have " closed all their
external senses and said om to themselves,"
these Brahmins have become Brahm, but they
are dead, dry dust. Of such I do not speak,
but of men in their ordinary development, as
David, Alfred, Washington, and Thomas, who
having many and great virtues, have them
neverthelessincarnated. In estimating them as
we should ourselves we would find great errors
and strong springs to still greater, under the
proper pressure. I am certain that no good
man would bo estimated from the unhappy
moment when the evil genius of his nature was
triumphant; nor would he be estimated from
tho accidents and occasional irregularities,
errors, and wrongs that he may have done.
Although frail he is charitable and sincere,
and trusts in the forgiveness and charities of
his fellow-mcn. Ho demands this for himself
and ho concedes it to others. As 110 man's
character should be determined from a single
action or a single attribute, so no community
should be judged from single member of it,
or from one or many outrages and violations
of law. Our Creator, who has so wonderfully
formed us, has placed us under laws far more
authoritative and commanding that) ever were
enacted by Legislatures. It is a law of the
human mind to struggle forever against crime.
This is true of man individually and collect-
ively. No religion, 110 custom, no resolve or
put pose can arrest the assertion of this prin-
ciple. The paganism of the ancicnt world
deified vices, but punished them in men. In
the language of Rousseau:
" Tho holy voice of nature, stronger than that of
the gods, madoitsolf hoard and respootod and obeyed
on oiirth, and soomed to banish, as it woro, to tho
confinement of hcuven guilt and tho guilty."
Cicero says:
"Thcro is ono true and original law conformablo
to reason and to nature diffused over all,invariable,
eternal, which calls to thol'ullillmont of duty and to
abstmoiico from injustice, and which cults with that
irresistible voico which is felt in all its authority
wherever it. is hoard. This law cannot be abolishod
or curtailed, nor affected in its sanctions by any law
ot man. A wliolo sonate. a whole people, cannot
dispense from its paramount obligation. It requires
110 commentator to render it distinctly intelligible;
nor is it diltoront at Homo, at Athens, now and in
tho ages before and alter, but in nil ages and in all
nations it is and has been and will bo ono and ovor-
lasltng; ono an that God, its groat author and pro-
mulgator, who is tho common sovorcign of all man-
kind, is himself ono. Man is truly man as he yields
<0 tlio divine influence, lie cannot resist it but by
living as it wore lrom Ins own bosom and laying
aside the general Jochng.s of humanity, by which
very act ho must have inflicted on himself tho se-
verest of punishments, oven though ho were to avoid
whatever is usually accounted punishment."
Such is the opiuion of the great Roman, who
tool; a calmer, deeper, broader view of human
motive and human character than those who
breathe only denunciation and force against
those who do not look through the same
glasses that they do.
It has passed from their memories that the
people of Georgia speak the English language,
are governed by the common law, read Shaks-
peare and Milton, and were of the number who
made, adopted, and have continued to read the
Declaration of Independence and the Federal
Constitution ; that their brightest, jewels are
those who fell 011 the battle-fields ofthe Revolu-
tjon. li is forgotten that among the most con-
servalive, peaceable, law-abiding,Union-loving
of the Republic were the people of this noble
Commonwealth. Is it forgotten thather Repre-
sentatives were among the most gifted, upright,
patriotic, aud public-spirited in the councils of
the nation ; that in all the nation's trials she
was prompt to meet all the requirements, and
to support the burdens that were assigned to
her. It is true that she went reluctantly into
the rebellion, and furnished much of the ma-
terial of the war. It is the wounds of that
period that we are now seeking to heal; it is
the disaffection that we desire to cure; it is the
alienation and dissatisfaction that we are seek-
ing to remove. Is the remedy for these mala-
dies to be found in calumny and detraction as
basis for injustice and tyranny ? Is it reason-
able and honorable to seize upon the accidental
violations of law, and charge them upon the
whole people because they differ in their polit-
ical opinions from us? Are the industrious
and upright people responsible for the outlaws
whom they cannot restrain, and who are as
dangerous to the orderly of one party as another?
If the State government was in their hands this
could be affirmed with more show of truth and
honor. Unjust as has become the wholesale
denunciation of tho people of the South, and
especially of Georgia, it might pass as the note
of the angrjr and disappointed; but when the
proposition is made to legislate upon such a
pretext against them, reason, humanity, and
patriotism revolt at the cruelty. This kind of
legislation and cowardice has been so well
described by Mr. Burke, in his speech at Bris-
tol, that 1 shall quote his great words:
_ "This way of proscribing tho citizen by denom-
inations atld general descriptions dignified by the
imuio of reasons of State and security lor constitu-
tions and Common wealths, is nothing better at bot-
tomthan tho miscrablo invention of an ungenerous
anrmtion, which would fain hold tho sacred trust of
power, without any of the energies that give a title
to it; a receipt of policy inado upof a detestable com-
pound ot malico. cowardice, and sloth. They would
govorn men ngairist their will, but in that govern-
ment tlioy would bo discharged from the exercise of
vigilance, providence, and fortitude; and, therefore,
that they may sloop on their watch, they consont to
tako some ono division of tho society into partner-
ship ot the tyranny over tho rest. But let govern-
ment.in what form itmay ho, comprehend tho whole
m its justice, and restrain tho suspicious by its vigil-
ance ; let it keep watch and ward; let it discover by
its sagacity and punish by its firmness all delinquency
against its power, whenever delinquency exists in tho
ovort acts; and then it will be as safe as ever God and
nature intended it should bo. Grimes are tho aets of
individuals, and not of denominations; and there-
loro arbitrarily to class moil under general descrip-
tions 111 order to proscribo and punish them in the
lump tor a presumed delinquency, of which perhaps
but a part, perhaps none at all are guilty, is indeed a
compondious method and saves a world of troublo
about proof; but such a method, inateadof being law
is an act ot unnatural rebellion against tho legal
dominion of reason and justice; and this vice in any
eonstituUon that entertains it at one time or other
will eortamly bring on its ruin."
It is true that the proposed movement in
Georgia is not religious, as it was in the case
discussed by Mr. Burke ; but it has less merit
m its demands, and is founded 011 political affili-
ations. I he distinctions in the present case
grow out of a difference in opinions on social
and political questions, and it is the glory of
our institutions that those who entertain them
are protected in the enjoyment ol'them, in the
propagation and triumph of them, if such suc-
cess can be attained by reason and the influence
of the press and speech. I have not attempted
to dispute the existence of outrage and crime
in Georgia; but I protest against attributing
its existence to the whole people and the
punishing them for it. If it has not been pun-
ished who is responsible for it? Those who
have had the government in their hands, most
assuredly. The State had been under military
rule until th'e accession of the present Gov-
ernor, when it Was recalled for a short period,
but soon returned. Responsibility rests upon
those who hold the power, and-their failure is
the condemnation of the people and of Him
who governs the universe. At present I shall
not pursue this theme, but reserve my remarks
on it for another part of my speech. If, then,
the consequence of outrages and infractions
of law rests upon those who govern, is it rea-
sonable, is it honest, is it just to punish the
whole people for the incapacity or want of
vigilance of those whose duty it is to execute
the law, upon the guilty?
Again, what evidence have we that Georgia
is in the lawless condition affirmed ? Nothing
positively,_ nothing that would condemn any
human being before a court of justice. I ask
in all candor if for the last year the condition
of that State has been shown to be dangerous
to any portion of its inhabitants? Can you
rely on the base statement of strangers and per-
sons acting under the stimulus of fear, ambi-
tion,and self-interest to support such a charge ?
Let it not be forgotten that the accused have
no voice on this floor to defend their honors
or their rights. Does not justice and common
honor dictate moderation and prudence if not
charity and magnanimity? If, indeed, there
were more truth than there really is to base
the charge upon :tTie remedy must be found
elsewhere than in arbitrary and unwarranted
legislation. The remedy is a well-regttlated
public sentiment, enforced by local State gov-
ernments chosen by the free and equal ballot
of the people. Such a public sentiment is the
work of time properly employed in the culture
of the moral and intellectual faculties of the
people. The imposition of a government upon
the people against their consent and contrary
to tho express authority of their constitution
approved by Congress, and thus disfranchising
them for two years, can find no possible justifi-
cation in the wholesale and unwarrantable
charge of ""Kuklux," "danger to Unionists,
white and colored," "sacrifice of reconstruc-
tion," that has furnished the stimulus for this
new revolution.
I come liow to examine some of the argu-
ments in favOr of the pbwer of Congress thus to
interfere with a local State government. The .
first and by far the most formidable argument
of all is contained in that short but terribly ex-
pressive phrase, "Exnecessitate rei." Itwould
be a vain and foolish presumption in any man
to speak lightly or disrespectfully of such an
argument. I trust that I have too much rev-
erence to pass by this venerable and potential
authority^ sanctified and hoary with centuries
of rule. The blood of generations, the ruins
°f .empires, the ashes of cities, the lives and
sufferings of martyrs and saints, hecatombs
of women and children trampled under the
feet of a " whirlwind of cavalry," the roar of
cannon louder than the thunders of the Eter-
nal, the overthrow of one set of rulers and the
triumph of others—all the teachings of history
admonish me of its power aud warn me of its
use. They at the same time inform me that
it has been the ally of tyrants and the foe of
liberty, the friend of violence and the enemy
of reason, the sword of ambition and the exe-
cutioner of innocence, the shield of persecu-
tion and the scourge of humanity. It has in
all ages been the guardian of thrones, domin-
ion, ambition, lust, cupidity, cowardice, and
opportunity. _ Before its arbitrament States
and nationalities have gone down. Even now
the shrieks of unhappy Poland resound in our
ears, as her name passes from the roll of
nations forever, at the mention of this unpre-
tending "ex necessitaterei." The beginning
of the present century saw the map of Europe
changed under its magnetic power. It kindled
the flames that wafted the immaculate soul of
the maid of Orleans to the regions of the
blessed. It tempered the steel that closed the
mortal career of Madame Roland, and it
propelled the balls that murdered the Duke
d'Enghien.
If this argument is lo be enforced in all its
power we bow in humble submission at its
majestic presence, although oilr fathers gave
us a written Constitution for the very purpose
of excluding this venerable and hitherto om-
nipotent power from its domain. When the
inhabitants of Georgia find a State government
