1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1311
burg; but without relying on mere allega-
tions without any proof to back them up, let
us look at the record so far as the facts are
presented on the other side to that taken by
the gentleman from Tennessee. Against the ;
legality of the election in this ward it is urged
that the inspectors failed and refused to admin-
ister the "preliminary oathbut that they
administered the " general oath" in all cases
ofchallenge. To prove this reference is made
to the testimony of John H. Drake, Jesse
Merritf, and J. C. Barr. The cross-examina-
tion of each of these reduces his testimony to
the grade of mere hearsay, and against all their
statements affecting this poll. I have four
witnesses whose testimony I shall present, and
even if you challenge three of them the tes-
timony of the fourth is such that every one
will ereditit and it cannot be successfully con-
tradicted. The first is the testimony of Patrick
Brennan, which will be found on page 200:
"Patrick Brennan sworn for Mr. Greene:
" Question. You reside in the first ward of the city
of Xercburg?
".1 r.xirrr. I do.
"Question. How long have you resided there?
"Anneer. Twenty years.
' Question. You aro supervisor there now?
"Ansxcer. I am.
"Question. Have you generally attended the elec-
tions in that ward for a number of years?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Are you generally acquainted with the
voters in that ward ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. How was the election conducted there;
was it orderly or disorderly?
"Aimver. Yes, it was orderly.
"Question. Was it an orderly election there last
fall ?
"Anmer. It was.
"Question. Aro thero large manufactories, coal,
lumber, and ship-building there?
"Answer. Yes.sir; ship-buildingnotcontinuously.
"Question. Are there woolen manufactories in that
ward ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Does the population of that ward change
materially from year to year?
"Ansicr. Yes.
"Question. Persons are employed in these manu-
factuies for one year and then are changed and
others take their place ?
"Answer. Yes.sir."
Now we come to the point as to the illegal
votes alleged to have been cast here. I quote
from Brennan's evidence, page 206:
Question. It has been stated by some witness,
that in his opinion there were one hundred or more
illegal votes east in that ward at that election. Was
there any such number from your knowledge of the
vo_tes in that ward cast?
"Answer. I did not know of any; my opinion is
there were not; I do not know of one."
This man had lived there for twenty years,
lie had a general knowledge of the voting
population of the ward, and he says, that so
far from there having been 100 illegal votes
cast, there was not one, to the best of his
opinion and so far as his information went:
there was not one single man on whom he could
place his finger and say he voted illegally in
the first ward of Newburg. But that is not
all. James R. Dickson, being questioned as
to the voting at some polling places in the
same first ward of Newburg, gives evidence
as follows, at page 207 :
"Question. What proportion of the time were you
at the polls? :
"Answer. I got there about fifteen minutes after
the polls opened, and remained there all day, with j
tkcrsccption of twenty minutes atdinner. ,
'Question. Were you watching the voters as they
came up to vote? !
"Anncrr. I was, sir. !
"Question. Was there, from your knowledge of !
the voters of this ward, any number of illegal Dem- :
ucr.iMc votes cast ?
'Answer. Thero was not one, of my own knowl- 1
cage.
Question. Was thero an unusual number of
strangers voting there at last election ? ,
Answer. Thero always aro changes thero every
year; there were strangers; persons I did not know. ■
investigated their right to vote; that is, persons I >
am not know, and became satisfied they had aright
to vote."
And further on, in the evidence of the same
witness, on the next page, we fiiid the follow-
ing:
'Question. Was there, in your judgment and from
wur knowledge of the ward und its voters, any
number of illegal Democratic votes cast at that elec-
tion ?
"Answer. Not one of my knowledge, or in mv
opinion."
But perhaps gentlemen will Bay that that is
all Democratic proof of what took place in a
Democratic ward, in order, as is alleged, to
sanctify that which had its inception in sin and
iniquity. I will refer you, then, to another wit-
ness, a Republican judgeof the election in that
precinct, who signed the returns and certified
their correctness. Daniel H. Merritt is placed
on the stand, and questioned, and gives evi-
dence as follows, at page 214 :
"Question. You resido in first election district,
town of Newburg?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. You were one of the board of registry
and inspectors in that district last fall?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. IIow was the election conducted there
last fall?"
Here is the answer to the charges, from the
mouth of the Republican inspector of the elec-
tion for that district:
"Answer. Everything was dono fair and square;
everything I saw was all right."
And yet, in spite of this testimony by the
Republican inspector, you propose to throw
out this poll and to disfranchise upward of
800 voters who cast their ballots, and whose
ballots were placed in the box by this very
gentleman who gives this evidence. But the
examination of Mr. Merritt proceeds :
" Question. You are a Republican in politics?
" Anmoer. Yes, sir.
1 "Question. Whenever men were challenged, unless
the challenge was withdrawn, the oath was put to
them?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Was anyone allowed to vote there last
fall,after beingchallonged,until after he had taken
! the oath required by law?
"Anmoer. No. sir.
" Question. Were tho newly naturalized voters gen-
erally challenged ?
"Answer. Yes.sir; all we thought at all doubtful."
Yet the naturalized voters admitted to vote
are the men that are arraigned here ; and their
name would be legion if you would receive
your impressions from the eloquent address of
. the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bctler.]
I All these men voted in presence of and before
i this Republican judge ; and when he was asked
if they were challenged he answers, "Yes, sir;
all we thought at all doubtful." In answer to
other questions this testimony is added by the
same witness:
| "Question. Was there any illegal voting there to
your knowledge, then?
i "Answer. No, sir,
1 " Question. Do you know the voters pretty well in
| that election district ?
! " Anmcer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Did you ever hear or see anything of
thelistsworn to by Mr. Weed before it was published
in the newspaper?
"Answer. I have not seen it in the newspaper. I
, made up the list, and Mr. Fowler, of those we pro-
posed to challenge on election day. A part of the
list, not all; it agrees with tho list as far as it goes."
Now, sir, that list which the witness says
he made up, of those whom it was proposed
to challenge, is the list presented to-day of
those whom it is proposed to disfranchise
en masse. And what does Merritt say of it ?
That every man on the list who was at all
doubtful having been challenged, the whole
party was, by a Republican board, decided
legal and permitted to vote, permitted to vote
after the challenge. It was found that they
conformed to the requirements of the law ;
that all was fair; that all was done right and
upon the square. This witness certifies to the
legality, the correctness, the justice, and the
equity of the whole poll, which the gentleman
from Tennessee, in such broad language chal-
lenges, proposing to throw outthe list entirely.
With his means of knowledge, with his powers
of observation, with his presumed leaning, if
any, in favor of the Republican party, I place
the evidence of this man, acting under oath,
observing closely, watching narrowly, and de-
ciding strictly; I place the testimony of this
man against all the invective that can be
poured out by any gentleman against tho
| validity of the polls of the first ward of New-
; burg.
Now, sir, I come fo the poll of the town of
, Hamptonburg, which is also proposed to be
, thrown out by the majority of the committee.
1 But, before I go further, 1 refer to a suggestion
which came from my friend from Tennessee
when he said he supposed it would be charged
upon this side of the House that this was a
party proceeding. Sir, I make no charge of
that sort, I only ask the attention of gentlemen
to the record. I do not want this case to be
decided by charges and counter-charges. I
assume that gentlemen will look at the record
before they cast their votes. And if there was
any covert intention in that suggestion of con-
verting this proceeding into one of a party
character, or using it for a party purpose, I for
one shall not be responsible for it, for I dis-
claim acting in this case in any such spirit, or
from any such motive.
The suggestion is made in addition that in
all these cases there has been a party, Demo- _
cratic minority report. Sir, time and again'
reports have been made to this House by the
Committee of Elections, sanctioned and in-
dorsed by the Democratic members of that
committee, which would prevent Democratic
claimants for seats upon this floor, elected by
large and unchallenged majorities of the legal
voters of their districts, from being admitted
here, because under the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution they are personally ineligi-
ble from inability to take the test-oath, and the
reports have recommended that their cases be
no further considered until further direction of
the House. Time and time again we have joined
in those reports, and yet the charge is made
upon thisfloor thatwe invariably array a Dem-
ocratic minority against all reports coming from
the Committee of Elections. As the charge is
gratuitous, I pay no further heed to it.
Sir, it is proposed to throw out the vote of
the town of Hamptonburg upon the testimony
of one man. Whose is it? It is the testimony
: of James H. Jackson. Now, I do not want
to criticise, but I do think and I must say that,
in my judgment, there has not been that close
attention given by the majority, or, perhaps, I
ought to make it more narrow, and say by
the gentleman who drafted the report of t-he
majority of the committee, because gentlemen
know, of course, that every member joining in
the report is not expected to give to it that
careful attention in matters of detail which is
expected from the gentleman who prepares it.
, I must say in all candor that I think the gen-
tleman who prepared the majority report omit-
ted to give that careful attention to some of
the statements of the witnesses upon whose
testimony he bases his conclusions that a court
or jury ought to give to the testimony of a
witness in open court; and when the fact is
made apparent, as I will make it apparent
presently, that some points are said to be un-
challenged when there is a mass of testimony
from various witnesses controverting them en-
tirely, I must assume in charity that there has
been so much pressure of other business, which
I can readily understand and pardon, that he
has not given to this case that close attention
which would have been given had not other
duties been pressing with so much force.
But what was the cross-examination of this
Mr. Jackson, upon whose testimony the vote
of Hamptonburg is to be rejected on the theory
of fraudulent and illegal naturalizations? Let
us see how he bore himself under cross-exam-
ination. That is said to be the test of truth.
That is the power by which the truth may be
eliminated from error, by which facts concealed
may be dragged to the surface, and those which
have been tortured and misrepresented may
be placed in a fair position and made to appear
in their true light. I read from his cross-
examination :
" Question. Did you keep a list of the naturalized
voters ? T
"Anmcer. J«o.
