1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2255
Tons.
Amount shipped in ten years, from 1850 to
1850  17,190,809
Amount shipped in ten years, from 1860 to
1870 .  42.243,951
Amount shipped in last twenty years  59,434,760
Increase in tho la^t ten years over tho pre-
vious ten years 25,053,142
Tn the annexed statement the coal transported
over all the railroads is given in full, but a la^'ge
portion is transported over two or more roads. The
amount in the total column is correct.
In connection with this statement I read the
following extracts from a letter written to me
by Mr. Parrish, under date of February 10,
1870:
WilkeSbarre, February ID, 1870.
Dear Sir: * ' " Wyoming and
Lackawanna valleys have an area of 190 square
miles or about 120,000 acres of coal, upon which are
erected and in work 120 col iieries,giving employment
to about 30,00n men and boy*, producing 6,000,000 tons
of coal, I judge at an average cost, at the mines, of
^2 per ton. I estimate the value of thelands,120,000
acres, at 8300 per acre, to bo 636,000,000; or if wo
estimate the value per ton, in the ground, say 30,000
tons per acre, 3,600,000,000 tons, at 50 cents per ton,
will give us ^l,800,000,009, nearly enough to pay the
national debt. The amount of capital invested in
the development of mines will probably reach
£6,000,0U0 to $8,000,000. This docs not includeinvcst-
ments in railroads, canals, <fcc., for transportation,
which would probably roach $30,000,000 more. If
we add the whole sum it will give: Land, $36,000,000;
collieries, say $7,000,000; transportation, S30,000,000.
Total investment in Wyoming and Lackawanna val-
leys—lands, collieries, railroads, Acc.—^73,000,000.
1 estimate that each man and boy at work in and
about the mines produces 200 tons coal per annum,
which would give them, at SI 50 per ton, 8300 per year.
I deduce 50 cents per ton Irom the $2 for cost of ma-
chinery, &c. Three hundred dollars per year for
labor made up indiscriminately of men and boys
would seem extravagant. But I have always held
that this class of labor has neverbeeu overpaid. The
rii-k they incur, los^of life and limb, premature old
age, &c.,should oil beconsidercdinfixingtheir daily
pay. Tue loss o£ life is 1 to each 50,000 tons produc-
tion. Broken limbs, &o., 5; whichliirurcs 120 killed
and 600 mj uied per annum. The killed last year were
more : 10$ perished at Avondale at one time.
If some geneiallaw could be passed directing mines
tn be opened and worked with due regard to the
^jfety of the men and boys employed in working
them, and at the same time protecting owners and
operators of mines from excesses committed by law-
less men during timeof strikes and turnouts, it won Id
benefit the men, enhance the value of collieries, and
benefit the country at large. Anthracite coal has
become so necessary to our country's prosperity that
! he stoppage of its production for only a short time
causes great trouble to all of our manufacturing and
commercial interests.
Yours, truly,
CHARLES PARRISH.
Hon. George "W. Woodward.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. WOODWARD. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman refers to
land worth £300 an acre. lie does not explain
whether it is valuable for any other than min-
eral purposes.
Mr. WOODWARD. Most of our mineral
lands are valuable for farming purposes. Prob-
ably some of the best farming lands in that part
of the State are to be found in that valley full of
coal. It is no uncommon thing to see wheat and
other valuable crops raised upon the surface
of onr coal lauds. In that respect our mineral
regions are peculiar ; for iu many countries the
mining regions are valueless, or nearly, so far as
the surface is concerned.
Thirty thousand men and boys mining
$6,000,000 tons per annum, worth at the mines
$2 the ton, equal to a net addition to our avail-
able wealth of $12,000,000 annually. Now, on
the one hand there is the farm labor that sup-
ports this army of miners, and on the other the
iron works, that consume a very large part of
the. 6,000,000 tons. Blast-furnaces, rolling-
mills, machine-shops, car-shops,andfo'underies
are scattered all along the valleys of the Sus-
quehanna, the Lehigh, and the Delaware, to
be fed with coal principally from this region.
Through Delaware and Maryland to the city
of Baltimore, and through New Jersey to the
city of New York and even to New England,
are the workers in iron engaged in burning up
this coal. It is their motive power. Without
it their furnaces and forges would stop, and
without the furnaces and forges mining, if not
stopped, would be greatly crippled. To the
30,000 miners are to be added all the laborers
engaged in raising bread for them and all the
laborers engaged in transporting and consum-
ing this vast amount of coal; and in behalf of
this great body of meritorious citizens I ask
for such continued protection of iron as will
secure them continued employment and remu-
nerative wages.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. WOODWARD. For a question? Yes.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to know if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] intends to take the position that the
American people have no capacity for mining
or manufacturing without the incentive of a
protective tariff? Does he mean to say that
our people would permit all this vast wealth
of coal and iron among lis to lie disused and
unutilized unless we give them the benefit of a
protective tariff? Is that the position the gen-
tleman takes?
Mr. WOODWARD. My friend must not
undertake to state my position. My position
is, that on the faith of this protective-tariff
legislation these vast interests have actually
sprung up, and are now dependent on it. And
however unwise it may have been originally to
embark in this policy of protective legislation,
I am hereto-night to protest in behalf of these
laborers against a departure from it now.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. WOODWARD. Very well.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if he thinks it is necessary, in order to
protect this industry of which he speaks, to
lay a duty equivalent to over 60 per cent, ad
valorem ?
Mr. WOODWARD. Before I get through
that question will be answered. I will say for
the present that the decline of gold makes the
maintenance of a high tariff on iron more neces-
sary than ever. in my estimation the duty
imposed by the present tariff is not more than
is required. The bill now before us reduces
the rate of duty to $7 per ton; and that, I
think, is the lowest rate which ought to be
contended for, in consideration of the present
condition of things in this country.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not refer to pig iron
particularly, but to all kinds of iron.
Mr. WOODWARD. Some reduction per-
haps might be made on some kinds of iron.
But my impression is that the bill reported to
us from the Committee of Ways and Means
imposes a duty noneToo high upon the various
kinds of iron.
Mr. MARSHALL. If it is not too much
interruption I would like to ask my friend
another question.
Mr. WOODWARD. Certainly.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman speaks
about the great quantity of iron and coal in this
country. Now, neither of those articles would
be exhausted or lose in value by remaining iu
the bowels of the earth, if this generation
could get iron cheaper, without working these
mines at all, would it not be wisdom to leave
this great wealth to posterity rather than to pay
CO or 100 per cent, tax to develop it?
Mr. WOODWARD. My constituents are
not to be thrown out of the productive employ-
ments into which you have tempted them to
embark.
Mr. MARSHALL. And are my constitu-
ents to be taxed to death for that purpose?
There is plenty of good land on which the con-
stituents of the gentleman could make a living
as mine do.
Mr. WOODWARD. These laborers have
been drawn into these fields of industry by
your tariff legislation. Many of them are
skilled workmen from the old countries; for
mining is an art, and can be safely prosecuted
only by men who have been trained to it by
long experience. They have transferred them-
selves here and become citizens with us on the
faith of legislation that looked to the develop-
ment of our mineral resources, and it seems
to me it would be bad faith and ill-usage now to
strike down the industries upon which they
depend for the subsistence of their families.
I cannot consent to inflict such widespread
suffering upon my constituents for the saiie of
a favorite theory of political economy, and still
less for the sake of preserving these minerals
for posterity. The protective policy may have
been inexpedient, but this is no time to abandon
it to the prejudice of laborers. It is not always
expedient to undo that which it was inexpedi-
ent to do. At a time when our national debt
and heavy internal taxation are depressing all
the industries of the country and destroying
our commerce, it is well to cheapen the neces-
saries of life to the laboring classes by taking off
duties from those imports that do notoome into
competition with our own productions; but it is
not the time to reduce wages or to narrow the
fields of industry.
The wages of labor may be helped by reducing
the cost of living, as well as by direct increase of
the rewards of labor. In so far as this bill aids
this resulcj in either of these forms, I will sup-
port it. I support it not because I believe in
the abstract wisdom of protective tariffs, but
because this is not the time to change a, policy
we have pursued so long. I support it as a
temporary relief of a present emergency. _ In
the abnormal condition to which a great civil
war has brought the country labor needs a
steady adherence to the legislation which in
better days set it to work and promised it steady
employment. We cannot afford to prostrate
the iron trade. Iron is not more necessary to
the healthful circulation of the blood in the hu-
man system, than it is to vitalize our industries
and promote the health of the body-politic.
We have the ores, the coals, and the limestone
in abundance, and we must maintain such rates
of duties on foreign iron as will place our labor
on an equal footing with the labor of Europe
without reducing wages to the pauper stand-
ard. Not to work up 'the ores with which our
country abounds would be not only a national
degradation, but a sin against God, the Giver
of every good and perfect gift. A good deal
has been said by Mr. Wells and in this discus-
sion about the comparative cost of making pig
iron in this country and in England and Bel-
gium. Without generalizing over the whole
country. I am assured that in Pennsylvania
such is the cost of pig iron that we cannot re-
duce the tariff, with gold on its present deeline,
without stopping the furnaces. I have a letter
on this subject which I wish to lay before the
committee. It is from an intelligent iron-mas-
ter at Columbia, Lancaster county :
Columbia, Pennsylvania, March 2,1870.
Sir: I beg leavo to submit the inclosed statements,
showing tho prices of labor in France, England, Bel-
gium, and the United States.
In Schuylkill country collieries the following are
the rates paid for January and February, 1S70: la-
borers outside, $11 to §1150 per week; laborers inside,
$12 per week; miners $14 per week; miners at con-
tract work make trom §28 to $So per week. It ia
probable that these wages, based on S3 per ton lor
I coal, wilL very soon be reduced to a basis of §2 oO.
Ic appears that wages in the United States have been
about 75 per cent, higher than in England, In the
manufacture of iron, which is the large interest of
the iState, it is I think correct to consider as labor
all of the items of cost, except interest on capital
SI and royalties on coal, ore, and limestone. France
i; finds it necessary to put a duty of 812, gold, per ton
on English and Belgian iron. English merchant bar
iron can be delivered in New York at §40 per ton,
gold, while its costs $60, gold, to put American bar
iron there. The difference consists in the difference
of wages and interest on capital. In making up tn«
cost of English iron delivered inJsewXork freight
is estimated at $5 per ton, while in reality more tnan
one half of the pig, scrap, and rails is brought m as
ballast on emigrant transports at a cost oi trom s>i
t0fhereris°n« disguising the fact that the proposed
reduction on pig iron, old rails, and sciaj?V
direct blow of the free-traders and miH-?wners at
the iron interests of this country, which include-to
a very large extent the coal interests, railioad freight
iug hiterSt^Ld the labor employed therein, and
wM. if successful, prevent any further development
of ore and coal mines for many years.
