1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3199
Mr. Chairman, I stand upon the philosophy
of Andrew Jackson, the "noblest Roman"
of all the Democrats, who said that in pro-
portion as you multiply the industries of the
people you promote the prosperity of all. I
do not propose to do this by establishing any
great monopolies. I hare said enough to show
that if you impose this rate of duty upon this
interest you induce capitalists to enter upon
it: and the time is not far distant when, as the
result of competition, the American product
of steel rail will be brought as low as any
reasonable man in America ought to demand,
and at the same time the railroads of the
country will be enabled to lay down this strong
rail, so necessary for the security of life ana
limb all over this continent, in lieu of that
rotten material which so often makes vacant
places about the hearthstones of the people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, I feel it my duty, in deference to an old
colleague in this House, to ask the reading of
the letter which-1 send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
House of Representatives,
Washington, April 19,1870.
Dear Sib: It has been intimated to me that it is
the intention of some members of Congress opposed
to the proposed tariff on steel to assail the parties
representing the pneumatic or Bessemer process in
this country- as monopolists, and to claim that the
protection asked for is to enable them to make large
profits, not only as owner* of the patents, but also as
manufacturers thereunder.
As a matter of justice, will you do mo the favor to
?sv that out of at least fo-jr hundred stockholders in
this country interested in manufacturing under these
patents only three individuals are interested in the
patents, and these three only to a very small and
immaterial extent ?
These patents are in no sense a monopoly, any
one who may wish being able to use them on pay-
ment of the royalties charged.
The royalties are the same to all parties using the
Estents, and have always been less than those paid
y foreign manufacturers.
Very truly, yours. JOHN A. GRISWOLD.
Eon. James Brooks.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, I see nothing in that letter inconsistent
with what was said by the gentleman from
Missouri. [Mr. Benjamin,] but it is rather in
confirmation of it. Let uie now read another
paper which comes from what I deem good
authority, and statea the following facts :
"Mr. Johs A. Griswold, of Troy, and his asso-
ciates purchased of Mr. Bessemer his patent for this
country, and as it was aft erward fou nd to con flict with
a patentownedby E.B. Ward, of Detroit,Mr. Repre-
sentative Morrrll, of Pennsylvania, and others,
these two interests were merged, and they together
now liuid the control for the next eight years of the
process known as the Bessemer,and nnderwhich steel
rails are made. The royalty charged is §5 to $10
pertoo, consequently iftheduty on steel rails is raised
®s proposed to 90 per cent, it will, we think, act pro-
hibitively, and Mr. Ward, Mr. Oris ivold, Mr. Mor-
sfll, and their associates will either have a. monopoly
otthe business or will levy a tax on every ton made
by others who may wUh to enter the business."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman per-
mit metointerrupthim a moment? The letter
which the gentleman has just read speaks of
this patent continuing for eight years. The
fact is that the patent will continue in force for
twelve years; it will not. expire nntil the year
1882. This i learn at the Patent Office.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw my amend-
ment that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] may renew it.
.Mr. BECK. I renew the amendment. I
nae merely to add a word to what was said in
the first instance by the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] in regard to an effort
on the part of persons purporting to be rail-
road men to obtain an increase of doty on
 teel rails. The paper which I hold in my
hand, and which has been referred to, is in the
bands of perhaps every member of the House,
it is signed by such men as J. Edgar Thomson,
president of the Pennsylvania Central railroad,
apd a large number of others. It has been
circulated all over the West. The president
o> one of the most important roads in my State
sent me a letter on this subject the other day
inclosing the circular, which I think tells the
whole truth. I will read it. He says:
"The inclosed effort to induce the railroad com-
panies to ask of Congress that we ba permitted
pay $40 per ton more for our steel rails for the ben-
efit of a few Pennsylvania gentlemen, who though
great celebrities in railroad circles are probably
moro greatly interested in the manufacture of rails,
is about the coolest piece of impudence of these
extraordinary times, when it seems one need not be
surprised at anything.
"The very aotivo and widespread effort and high-
sounding railroad names attached will doubtless gull
somebody. I send it you as a curious specimen of
political impertinence."
That is just what it is—a specimen of im-
pertinence. There is not a man in this House
who does not know that we are paying from
$1,500 to $2,000 a mile on every railroad of
the country for the purpose of protecting a
few of these iron manufacturers, and we have
now forty-five thousand miles of railroad in
the country. In view of the magnitude of
the interests involved, and the importance of
getting the very best class of rails at the very
lowest possible price in order to cheapen the
transportation of the productions of the coun-
try, it would be better that there should be no
protection at all on this class of articles so
that they may be obtained at the cheapest pos-
sible rate.
We have only to look at the condition of the
, country as it has grown up and is growing
\ under our railroad system to realize the import-
1 ance of cheap railroad transportation. Wheat
cannot be transported two hundred miles by
any other mode of conveyance on land without
absorbing the value of it in the cost of trans-
| portation. Of course the wheat of the West
! could not be taken to the sea-board bnt for the
railroads. I call attention to the following fig-
ures. From the first settlement of this country
till 1830, when the first railroad was opened, the
national wealth which had accumulated was
estimated at $2,653,000,000. Mr. Wells gives
the following as the increase of the number of
miles since constructed, increase of wealth,
and increase of wealth per mile of road :
Jnereate.
Time. Milet. of
"Wealth.
Prom 1830 to 1840  2.818 $1,111,000,000 $390,000
From 1840 to 18-3U.  6,203 3,371,781),000 540,000
From 1850 to 18S0._... 21,615 9,023,220,000 410,000
In hi3 last report he says:
"The number of miles of new railway constructed
in the United States during the past year will, it is
believed, approximate to five thousand; making a
total construction since and including the year 1865,
the year of the termination of the war, of about thir-
teen thousand. If it is assumed that a line of rail-
way gi ves access to fifteen square miles of country on
each side of it. or thirty square miles altogether, then
the thirteen thousand miles of railway, which it is
estimated have been constructed during the five years
from 1865 to 1870, will have opened up three hundred
and ninety thousand square milesof what, for the pur-
poses of general production, may be considered new
territory: a tract of country larger than the whole
area of Franco and nearly three and a half times
larger than the whole area of Great Britain."
In another table he shows our present and
prospective accumulation of wealth and the
proportion it now bears and will hereafter bear
to our national debt. I give it:
Percentage
Year. National wealth, of debt to
properly.
I860  $16,159,000,000
18,0  32,318,000.000 7.84
1880  64.636,000,000 3.92
1890  129,272,000,000 1.9(5
1900  258,514,000,000 .98
Hon. Joseph H. Wilson, Commissioner of
the General Land Office, perhaps the best in-
formed officer connected with the Government,
in his report just published, says, in speaking
of the population of the country:
"The total population of the United States in 1860
was, in round numbers, 31,500,000. In 1865 it is esti-
mated that the population was 35,500,000, including
the inhabitants of the Terri'ories, estimated at
360,000 persons on January 1,1865. At the present 1
time, October 15.18G9, according to the most satis-
factory estimate, it is about 40,000,000. In 1870, ac-
cording to existing ratios, the population of this
country will bo over 42,250,000. At the end of the
present century, 107,000,000."
The transportation necessary for our im-
Inerente
per mile.
mense products and our numerous population
depends solely upon our railroad system ; and
our roads ought to be constructed of the very
best quality, yet at the least possible cost. It
is now proposed to increase the tariff so as to
make us pay $44 80 per ton for rails for which
we are now paying $27. This increase will be
simply an additional tax upon the whole
labor of the country, present and prospec-
tive. It ought to be diminished rather than
increased.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I have
been very sorry to see the direction attempted
to be given to this debate from the very start.
I suppose that there is scarcely any article in
the country manufactured by anybody in the
production of which some individual or some
company is not interested. As a gentleman
suggests, none of these articles produce them-
selves. This fact has afforded occasiou for
striking at everybody by talking of " monopo-
lists," as if there were no monopolies except
among the manufacturers. It does seem as
if some gentlemen could not see the matter
in any other light. Here, for instance, is an
editor in Chicago, the columns of whose paper
teem day after day with attacks upon the
"grasping monopolists," meaning the manu-
facturers of the country; yet when there is a
little apprehension that something may be done
to affect the interests of the banks of the coun-
try that editor, deeply interested in the mat-
ter, hurries on to the Committee of Ways and
Means in order to implore that nothing shall
be done in any way affecting the banking in-
terest.
I take it that all the people of this country
are endeavoring, in one way or another, to
make something beyond subsistence. Some
are building, some are engaged in manufac-
tures, some in banking, some in farming oper-
ations ; and in each of these diversified pursuits
every one is trying to do the best he can for
himself. I think that when we are discussing
a subject of this kind it would be well to see
whether we cannot rise above attacks upon
individuals by calling them " monopolies," or
by striking at them in any other way, and see
whether the interests of the country at large
are or not involved in the question we are con-
sidering. Now, what is the fact in regard to
these Bessemer rails? Being unknown in com-
merce at the time of the passage of the present
tariff law, they are not specifically provided for
in any existing provision, but come in among
unenumerated articles at a duty of 45 per cent.
They were never manufactured in this country
until 1867, having been introduced into Eng-
land only a short time before. When our first
purchases were made we paid from $250 to
$300 a ton to the English manufacturers for
those rails. Gentlemen, public spirited, but of
course not without the desire to make money
for themselves by building up this interest and
this manufacture here, entered into the pro-
duction of Bessemer steel rails on this side of
the water. What has been the consequence?
The production here has brought down,
brought down, brought down, the price of
these rails until gentlemen talk about their
being purchased at $40 or $45 in gold imported
from England. Perhaps a lair estimate would
be about $75. I hold the present low rate is
part of the game played by the English manu-
facturer to break down the possibility of this
struggling manufacture in this country being
well established ; and if they succeed we will
go back to something like the old figures again,
to something like the former high prices, as has
always been the case when a game of this kind
has been successfully played by them. Now,
sir, one gentleman on this floor, a colleague
of mine, [Mr. Winans,] in debating this ques-
tion of the tariff deprecates the idea of any-
body having the benefit of any tariff law for
the purpose of revenue. He says a tariff for
revenue may give benefit to Bome one, and if
so it is a thing pitiful, a thing to be deplored,
