1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5087
I know of, and I am sure what the response
would be when you say to them "We propose
to relieve you from taxation, but we propose
to collect from five hundred men that we can
find-in this State or this county the whole
tax. and make them bear the burdens of the
Government." They may be men in moderate
circumstances, but they will rise up against it.
Men are too independent in thiscountry to seek
to shirk the just burden that belongs to them
in undertaking to support, by contributing a
fair proportion of their means to maintain the
Government.
Now, sir, this motion never would have been
made but for the suggestion that we are in dan-
ger of a deficit. That is the whole foundation
of it. Sir, we are acting under a mistake. The
revenue of last year—I have not the precise
figures before me, as I had no idea that this
matter was coming up at this moment—ex-
ceeds by a score of millions the estimates.
The receipts of last year amount in round num-
bers, as the Senatorfrom Ohio has stated them,
to $408,000,000. Part of that was estimated,
and I have no doubt it will overrun that amount
when we come to get the precise figures which
we' ought to have to-day. He estimates the
expenses of the Government for the next fiscal
year at $298,000,000, and then adds to that
sum $24,000,000, that goes to the sinking-fund,
making $322,000,000. He deducts from the
$408,000,000 we are to receive $10,000,000
that we received on account of the premium
upon gold. He thinks we shall receive that
much less. But we shall receive more from
other sources. The country is growing, and
we are receiving more year by year.
For the fiscal year 1868-69 we received
$870,000,000 in round numbers. For the fiscal
year 1869-70 we received $408,000,000. In
like proportion for the fiscal year 1870-71 we
shall receive nearly $450,000,000. But assum-
ing that we receive just the same as we received
this year, then we shall have a surplus, accord-
ing to the Senator's estimate, of $76,000,000.
I have not the least idea that there will be any
deficit.
I am sorry that the Senator from Ohio is
not, in his seat, because I wanted to ask him
whether, in his calculation, he has not put in
the interest on the bonds we have purchased.
1 understand that we have got $100,000,000
of bonds that have been purchased with gold
lying up here in the Treasury, on which we are
paying interest every day; that the coupons
upon those bonds are paid the same as the
others. There would be $0,000,000,, if that be
so ; and 1 am sorry that the Senator is not here
to inform me if that is not the case. I do not
know why these bonds are not. canceled and
destroyed. We are told that the public debt
is reduced; and if the public debt is reduced,
then these bonds should be canceled and
destroyed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, Itbecomes
the duty of the Chair to announce to the Sen-
ator that he has spoken five minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have we a five-minutes
rule in the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. We have.
Mr. HAMLIN. Adopted by unanimous
consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Applica-
ble only to this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There never would have
been any unanimous consent had I been in the
Senate. But I will not transgress any arrange
rnent that has been made in my absence.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask that the Senator
ni.iv be allowed to proceed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen
ntor from South Carolina asks that, by unani
mous consent, the Senator from Illinois may
be allowed to proceed. Is there objection?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not proceed against
the arrangement of the Senate.
'Plie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered^by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. ROBERTSON, I hope the Senator
from Illinois will be allowed to proceed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois declines to proceed. The
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
amend the first two lines of section thirty-five
of the House bill, so that it will read:
And be it further enacted. That during tbo years
1871 and 1S72, and no longer, there shall bo levied and
collected annually, a tax of two and a half per cent,
upon the gains, profits, and income of every person
residing in the United States, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the vote was taken
before, it was misunderstood by several Sen-
ators. I hope on so important a matter as this
that every Senator will understand the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment has just been reported, and will be
reported again if it is desired.
Mr. HAMLIN. Nobody wantsitread again.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish it distinctly under-
stood that this is a question as to whether or
not an income tax of two aud a half per cent,
shall be continued.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
amendment, to impose an income tax of two
and a half per cent, for two years.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely desire to state
that my opposition to the income tax is not to
one amount or another so much as against it
as a matter of principle, for reasons hereto-
fore given.
Mr. SAWYER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Conklixg.] If he were here, he would vote
" nay," and I should vote " yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Cragin, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Howe, Hoivell, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey,
Rico, Ross, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Tip-
ton, Warner, Willey, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron, Cas-
serly, Cole, Corbett, Davis, Edmunds, Fonton, Fow-
ler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Kellogg,
Lewis, McCreery, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Revels,
Robertson, Scott, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man. Trumbull, and Vickers—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow,Buckingham,
Carpenter,Cattoll, Chandler,Conkling, Brake, Ferry,
Flanagan. Hamilton of Texas, Howard, Johnston,
Norton, Pomeroy, Pool, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Thayer,
Williams, and Yates—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENTpj-o tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as iu Committee of the Whole, striking
out these sections.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that question I wish
to have the yeas and nays.
Mr. DRAKE. Before that question is taken
I move to amend the section in line two, by
striking out " three " andinserting " five so
as to make the tax five per cent. ; and on that
question I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 35 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Pioreman, Chandler, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, llowe, Howell, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey,
Ross, Spencer, Warner, and Willey—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Cam-
eron. Casserly, Cole,Corbett, Fenton, Fowler, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harris, Kellogg,
Lewis, McCreeiy, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Revels. Rice, Robertson, Scott,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, burnner,
Thurman.Tip'-on,Trumbull,Vickers, and Wilson—3a.
ABSENT—Messrs. Amos, Brownlow,Buckingham,
Carpenter, Cattcll, Conkling, Davis, Ferry, Flana-
gan Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Howard, Johnston,
Morrill of Maine, Norton, Pomeroy, pool S.uilsbury,
Sawyer, Schurz, Thayer, Williams, und Yates Jo.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs ou the amendment made aa in
Committee or the \\iioic, to striice out all the
sections relating to income tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that question I call
for the yeas aud nays.
The yeas aud nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. Is the question to strikeout
the whole of the sections, or one section only ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. All the sec-
tions relating to the income tax.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Excepting the one con-
tinuing the tax on salaries, which is a separate
amendment, and that does not come in there.
The PRESIDENTproiem^ore. The Senator
is right.
Mr. DRAKE. If the present question is to
strike out all the sections relating to income
I desire to move an amendment to one of
those sections before the question is taken on
striking out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
follow the example of the committee in that
particular. We have got several amendments
to offer if the sections are not stricken out. I
hope the vote will now be taken on striking
out; aud then, if the sections are not stricken
out, they will be open to amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. But I want to have them
amended before the question is put on striking
out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only suggest that course
to save time.
Mr. DRAKE. On page 78, line three, of
section thirty-seven of the House bill, I move to
strike out the word "two" and insert "one;"
and also the same amendment in the first line
ou page 79, and the same amendment in line
twenty-three, page 79.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Try it on one, and if that
is adopted then you can offer the others.
Mr. DRAKE. No; if it is inserted in one
place it must be in the others.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will go in then as a
matter of course, and we shall save time in
that way.
Mr. DRAKE. It is all one amendment.
The object of this amendment is to retain the
present exemption of $1,000, and not to in-
crease the exemption to $2,000. I have no
idea of exempting the income of men to the
extent of $2,000 and at the same time reduce
the tax down to the rate specified in this bill,
if I can prevent, it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, which is to reduce the
exemption to $1,000.
Mr. DRAKE. Upon that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senate will not give the
yeas and nays, eh?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. But six
Senators have risen, not enough to order a call
of the yeas and nays.
Mr. DRAKE. Well, I call for a division
now, and then I shall call for the yeas and nays
afterward.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 11, noes 29.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeaa
and nays are again requested.
Eight Senators rose to second the call.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
not a sufficient number up.
Mr. DRAKE. This is the first time in tho
Senate of the United States that I have ever
known a refusal of the yeas and nays on a great
question of public policy.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let us try it again. I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Cragin, Drake, Ed-
munds, Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, llauioey,
Sherman, Spencer, and Tipton—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, "Bayard, Cas-
serly, Cole, Oorbett, Fenton. Fowler, C.dbert, Haui-
ilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harris, Kellogg, Mc-
Creery, McDonald, Morton, Nye, Oshorn, Revels,
Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sehur/,, Scott, Si ewart, Stock-
Ion, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickors, Warner,
Willey, and Wilson—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Aines, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Catteli, Chandler, Conkling,
Davis, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Har-
lan, Howard, Howell, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill oi
