298
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
Senate.
State of Georgici^-Mr. Foioler.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
These, are magnified through the cowardice,
cupidity, and revenge of spies and' informers.
Thus the healthy tone of public sentiment has
been destroyed, justice and moderation have
been set aside,, and bitter denunciation and
the, applause of a morbid approbation obtain.
The unreasonable and inflammatory appeals
secure love of that hollow-hearted and seduc-
tive siren that has carried swarms of worshipers
after making day and night hideous with their
wild orgies.. These worse than bacchanalian
revels keep alive the flames of discord and put
far off the return of a cordial and fraternal
peace.
; Nor would I disguise the discontent and un-
friendly sentiments of the ruling element South
toward the Government as it is now adminis-
tered) both.State and national. To expect any
other state of feelings would argue inattention
to and ignorance of human nature. The clangor
of arms still rings in their ears that carried
from the family altar the first born of every
household. The footprints of their loved and
lost have scarcely been erased from around
the home they once cheered and ornamented.
Their institutions have been overthrown, their
habits and views of life all rudely and unex-
pectedly changed. Their houses have been
consumed, their fields devastated, their revenues
swept from their hands ; their wives and daugh-
ters, .whom they loved so tenderly that they
" permitted not the winds of heaven visit too
roughly," are now exposed to the storms of
winter and, scorching suns of summer, once
the recipients of luxurious bounty, now forced
to endure toil and privation for subsistence.
I will pass over the sting and shame, the agony
of the defeat of a proud, spirited, and confi-
dent people, who had persuaded themselves
that Heaven was the guardian of their cause.
Nor will 1 dwell upon tho changed condition
of their relations. By a revolution in tho wheel
of fortune they have lost the governments of
ovon their own local affairs, and their former
slaves have been made their rulers, as if in
mockery of their calamities. Be this the just
judgment of Providence and tho price of that
wisdom which is learned only in the school of
experience and adversity, it is, nevertheless,
a chastisement too severe to be received with-
out a groan, a lesson that cost too much to be
learned withput sighs and tears. Men under
such a dispensation do not always coolly seek
out the hidden causes of their visitations and
calmly resign themselves to the inevitable.
They are apt to resent unexpected and repuls-
ive measures, however well intended, as pre-
paredf'ortheirpunishmentanddisgraee. Man-
ners and habits, social and political,distinctions
of race and education, submissive reverence
to the principle of government, tho prizes of
honor and virtue, the rewards of distinctions
in life, have been suddenly changed by the
action of the nation upon the eve of their sub-
jugation. Such an exercise of power was not
calculated to produce love and obedience, and
"Governments, to bo loved, must not only be
but appear lovely."
Under all the circumstances, viewed in the
broad and generous light of a cultivated and
comprehensive statesmanship, the mass of the
southern people, Georgia among the number,
can challenge the approval of history for their
good conduct, patient resignation, and obedi-
ence to law and order, prompt and energetic
effort to restore their ruined fortunes and devas-
tated hom^s.
Before proceeding to another branch of the
subject I desire to consider briefly one instance
of crime that hag clouded the fair name of all
the southern people. While I will unite with
him who may condemn in the strongest yet
proper terms_ the inhuman and ferocious bru-
tality of a crime that darkens the moral hori-
zon, I must still insist that it was an individual
not a sectional crime. It is true, and sadly
true, that it came from a man born in-the lap
of wealth and luxurious refinement, heir; to
the highest social position and honors his State
could boast, accustomed from infancy to com-
mand and. obedience ; the slave, at the same
time, of vanity, pride, $nd passion unchecked
by benevolent sentiments, or convictions of
conscience ; given over to the dominion of a
false and vulgar sense of honor and the wild
impulses of uncultured brutality, stranger to
the refinements and virtues that suffering, sor-
row, toil, and struggle for real worth engen-
ders; never having had the parental admoni-
tion that the stings of poverty give to human
nobility, he rejoiced in possession of the ex-
ternal form of an almost matchless beauty and
symmetry as free from all traces of soul as the
tiger of India. On such a nature I will not
say that any circumstances connected with the
unhappy times that oppressed and saddened his
neighbors had any effect to mitigate his ferocious
crime. Upon the provocation of an upright and
faithful officer's discharge of an unpleasant but
unquestioned duty, he deliberately and dishon-
orably arms himself with the murderous weapon
of the Thug, and seeks his unoffending victim
in the street, and in the most cowardly and
unprovoked manner seeks a quarrel to shield
him if possible from the vengeance of the law.
Failing in this, he springs upon his victim with
all the ferocious energy of his brutal and bar-
barous nature and butchers him in the pres-
ence of a whole city. If this crime has con-
nected with it one mitigating circumstance to
relieve its cowardly, treacherous brutality so
far as its perpetrator is concerned, I do not
know it. It stands out in bold relief a reproach
to human nature, without one redeeming qual-
ity, had it not been for the conduct of the more
than angelic wife of the slaughtered man. It
was in the hour of her grief, wrung from her by
beholding the mutilated form of him she had
left in the joy of health but a moment before,
the adored and honored companion of her life,
and the father of her bereaved and orphaned
children, now a mutilated corpse from-which
no farewell greeting could ever come that she
uttered that sublime prayer of forgiveness and
plead for the restoration of the murderer to his
wife and children. Since the Saviour of man-
kind uttered his matchless prayer, "Father,
forgive them," over his ignorant persecutors,
nothing has surpassed the conduct and sublime
charity that characterized this most remarkable
woman. One such prayer should be enough
to redeem even Mississippi. If tho love of
divine worth prevailed there that marked the
age of Greece they would erect a temple to her
honor and consecrate it to the aervice of the
immortal charity of this woman, wife, mother.
Tho wretch is still unpunished, though not
"walking at large," and so far as I know has
uttered no regret for the crime he has commit-
ted. ^ His soul, if such he may be said to have,
is^ without the consciousness of guilt, destitute
of sympathy, for it has no sentiments of moral
right. It is no insanity, but a human brutish-
ness, without heart or head. If here was not a
criminal in the full tide of military law and mili-
tary justice spared from the penalties of the law,
I do not know where one could be found. If
military rule has not connived at this crime, it
is sadly deficient in its power to protect society
from licentious passion. Sad and shocking as
this crime was, it would be a gross perversion
of justiceto charge it upon the people of the
South or in any manner to hold them respons-
ible for its enormity. Censure should rest
with those who had the administration of the
law in their hands and failed to execute it.
While this case is under consideration I pro-
pose to review another in a different section
of the country. Though it will not cover over
this cruel and unworthy butchery, it will relieve
the triumphant comparison of the Senator from
Wisconsin of the cause whereof he had to boast.
While we hear the changes of the bloody
Jackson drama rung in our ears, a fellow-being
is now undergoing the agonizing tortures of a
j^ial for life in the city of New York for aveng-
ing himself upon the assassin, not of his phys-
ical, but immortal life. In the extent of crime,
in the cold, calculating, and persistent determ-
ination to corrupt a wife, and thereby to tor-
ture and disgrace a husband and children, in
all that could render the fiend worse than the
brute, the latter completely extinguishes the
former. If single instances of crime are to be
imputed to a whole people, then m these two
cases let the. sections behold themselves and
read their own condemnation. In one instance
there was but a single criminal,'with whom no
one felt sympathy; in the other, but a single
unfortunate, outraged soul offending in obe-
dience to the voice of nature, and bearing alone
the sympathy of a loved child in his agony.
The hero of this grand tragedy, unlike that of
the Mississippi, was reared under the rays of
a brighter light of civilization, where he could
not if.lie would have escaped the humanizing
influence of the church, the university, the
press. The great charities, the sacred obliga-
tions of life, the sanctity of home and family
and reputation, were thundered from every
avenue of life in his ears. He knew the soft-
ening and humanizing influences of poverty
and labor; by their friendly lights he had strug-
gled trom an humble to a commanding influence.
He had a family, and he knew, if capable, its
worth and sanctity to its possessor. I shall
pass the sickening details by which he stealth-
ily entered the sanctuary of a friend, not an
enemy, aud lays waste his hopes and the
fountains of his joys. Tender would have
been the band of the barbarian butcher, a min-
ister of mercy to him who kindles in the soul
a fire that no ages can extinguish. When the
ruined man crushed the head of the despoiler
of his peace and honor, a powerful press, a
cultivated and enlightened pulpit, a learned,
polite, and influential circle, those who had
enjoyed the highest places in a nation of "vir-
tuous men and women," showered their ex-
pression of sympathy upon the greatest crim-
inal of the times expiring in exultation over
tho ruin he had wrought, as if to extinguish in
the blaze of their own conscious influence the
condemnation of a righteous public. Eventhe
blessing of the God of purity, the Father of
the family, is invoked upon the guilt aswellas
the guilty. The parties in this were not nes-
tled in the lap of felony, although the most
envenomed reptile that ever crawled from the
womb of sin. They come from the class least
exposed to crime and most protected from its
perpetration. I charge no responsibility upon
the people of our great metropolis, neither for
the shocking tragedy nor the still more shock-
ing sympathies. Let it pass to the account of
that long list allotted to humanity by a stern
and irrevocable fate which no foresight of man
could avert. If improper and even indecent
sympathies have been shown in either case let
it too be charged to that kindly interest human-
ity takes in the unfortunate, whether guilty or
innocent.
Would it be quite becoming in me, sir, to
institute a comparison from the Police Gazettes
of New Orleans and New York, or Memphis
and Philadelphia? If it would, the results
would be found almost in direct ratio to the
number of the inhabitants. If we should com-
pare the riots and mobs their natures and
results would be found so nearly to resemble
each other that we would be at a loss to choose
between them. As for myself, I would just as
soon be cat up by the knives of the Thugs or
pistoled by the revolvers of the bullies of New
Orleans and Memphis as be pounded into
jellies by the stones and cudgels of those of
New York and Philadelphia. If forced to a
decision I would prefer the southern street-
