5088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Maine, Norton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Sprague, Thayer, Williams, and
Yates—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole
striking out the entire sections relating to the
income tax, except that relating to salaries for
the present year; and on this question the yep.s
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 22; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard. Casserly, Cole,
Corbett, Davis. Edmunds, Fenton, Fowler, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Kellogg, McCreery,
McDonald, Osborn, Revels, llobertson, Scott, Stew-
art, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull.V ickers,
and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Cragm, Drake,
Hamlin, Harlan. Ilowc, Howell, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Pratt, Ram-
sey, lloss, Schurz, Sherman. Spencer, Sprague, Tip-
ton, Warner, and Willey—22.
ABSKNT—-Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Chandler, Conklmg,
Ferry, Flanagan, Uamilton of Texas, Howaid, John-
ston, Lewis, Norton, Nye, Poineroy, Pool, Kice,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Thayer,Williams, and Yatos—2i.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr, SHERMAN. I now move on page 39,
in regard t,o the tax on gross receipts 
Mr. EDMUNDS. We had better finish the
question as to the income tax first.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is finished.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; the amendment
in regard to the tax on salaries for this year is
not yet voted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN". I have no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was reserved next,
and comes in more properly in this connec-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
acting upon that now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The re-
served amendments will betakenin theirorder,
if there be no objection. The next reserved
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. On page 99 the follow-
ing clause was inserted in Committee of the
Whole:
On nickel, twenty-five cents per pound.
On nickol oxide and alloy of nickel with copper,
fifteen cents per pound.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Theamendmcnt inregard
to the income tax on salaries comes next.
Mr. SHE ('.MAN. There is a section relating
to iucome still remaining, and I think we had
better commence at the beginning.
The Chief Clerk. On page 88 the follow-
ing section was inserted in Committee of the
Whole:
And be it further enacted, That -Sections one hun-
dred and twenty, one hundred and twenty-one, one
hundred and twenty-two, and one hundred and
twenty-three of the net of JuneoO, 1861, entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," as amended by tlie net of July 13,
lb6t>, and the act of March 2,1867, shall be construed
to impose the taxes therein mentioned for and during
the year 1870, and that all such taxes shall be col-
lected in the manner now or hereafter provided by
law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to under-
stand that. Do I understand that that provision
continues the income tax upon salaries and
dividends, and salaries and dividends aloue,
for the year 1870? Is that the effect of it?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator was not here
when it was explained. That simply continues
the present law as it is, although upon that
there has been a difference of construction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That does not meet my
question. There is to be no income tax, ac-
cording to the votes of the Senate, for the year
1870 generally.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the income tax on sal-
aries and corporations is collected for this
year in full it will put it on the same foot-
ing precisely as the tax on personal incomes,
because the Senate will remember that the tax
on personal incomes was levied for one year
before the tax on corporations. For this year
tb.e tax on salaries and dividends will continue,
but not the tax on personal incomes. That
grows out of the mode and manner of levying
the income tax. My own impression is that
sections one hundred and twenty, one hundred
and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-two,
and one hundred aud twenty-three are contin-
uous taxes until they are repealed. The lim-
itation contained in section one hundred and
nineteen does not apply to the tax on dividends
or the tax on salaries, but applies only to the
tax on personal incomes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, if I understand
it, if this amendment is agreed to, the result
will be that the President of the United States,
to take him as an illustration, will pay an
income tax on his salary of five per cent., but
A. T. Stewart, who has an income of $1,000,-
000, perhaps, will not pay a cent of income
tax for this year. Am I right?
Mr. SHERMAN. That may be so for this
year; but it will be remembered that in 18G3
A. T. Stewart paid au iucome tax and Mr. Lin-
coln did not.
Mr. CORBETT. For two years.
Mr. SHERMAN. For two years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did not the original
income tax law apply to salaries?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; but it com-
menced one year later, because the tax on
personal incomes went back to the preceding
year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But did not the personal
income include the salary for the preceding
year ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the tax is
taken out when the salary is paid now; but
originally, when we had no special tax upon
salaries, did not the man pay his tax on that
income which he derived from a salary, just
the same as that which he derived from the
sale of goods?
Mr, SHERMAN. No, sir; the same words
were in the law, substantially, as now. The
income tax has been but very little changed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Only a difference in the
mode of collecting.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this section is not
adopted you leave the Department iuvolved
in litigation ; but if the section is adopted, you
remove all ground for litigation. That is all
there is about it. Under the present law,
unless the law is repealed, we shall go on col-
lecting the tax on salaries and dividends for
and during the year 1870, because there is no
limitation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it seems to me, one
of the most unjust features of the income tax
law, because of the inequality of its operation,
was the tax upon salaries, because the salaried
men of the country—and this applies to all
salaried men, I understand, ministers, clerks,
and everybody else 
Mr. SHERMAN. No; it does not apply to
anybody but ourselves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It applies to all who
receive salaries from the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. The others have already
paid it. The taxes on their salaries are paid
as part of their personal income.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It only applies, then,
to official salaries?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is all; but it puts
them on the same footing as to their salaries.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is still more
obnoxious, if we select out a particular class
of persons, the clerks of the Departments and
ourselves, who are to pay the income tax, and
have it deducted out of our pay. Why, sir,
there could not be a more unjust feature of the
bill than this. If there is a difficulty ; if the
Department is involved in litigation on this
subject, let us settle that litigation by abolish-
ing this tax upon salaries at once. We can
do that very readily.
I trust that this amendment will not be
agreed to ; and while I am up, as I haye now
got the figures, 1 want to show how it is said
there will be a deficit if we leave out this
tax. I have sent out since this debate com-
menced and ascertained a fact which I will now
state to the Senate. I have before me two
public debt statements, one for the month
of April, 1870, and one up to June 1, 1870.
The public debt bearing interest in coin on the
1st of April, 1870, by this official document,
was $2,107,942,100. The amount of debt on
the 1st of June, 1870, bearing interest in coin
was $2,107,943,200, almost precisely the same
amount that we were paying interest upon in
April, although in the mean time the public
debt had been diminished by from one hun-
dred and three to one hundred and fifteen mil-
lions. By turning to the estimate of expenditures
for the next year—and I wish to ask the Senator
from Ohio now if that is not in his estimate for
next year—it will be seen the estimate for
interest on the public debt that is to be paid
next year is $12?,000,000; whereas this offi-
cial statement to the 1st of June shows that
we have paid of the public debt $115,000,000;
and we are now paying interest on the public
debt that we have paid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the true prin-
ciple of a sinking fund.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand since'T.he
1st of June we have paid off $20,000,000.
Now we have $135,000,000 of these bonds
lying in our Treasury, and we are paying the
interest upon them, amounting to some nine
or ten millions in coin every year. Why do
you not burn them up ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to remind the Senator
that his five minutes have expired.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the Senator
from Illinois now.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to offer an
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to answer the
Senator from Illinois first. The Senator from
Illinois, with that asperity which he always
brings into this kind of debate, seems to think
that I have been deceiving the Senate in regard
to this matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no; I beg the Sen-
ator's pardon. I only say that this statement
misleads the public, as it seems to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, the
statement is in exact accordance with the law.
The Secretary of the Treasury is required to
use the interest of the sinking fund which the
Senator is talking about for the purpose of pay-
ing the principal of the public debt, and conse-
quently every year the amount applicable to
the payment of the principal ol'the public debt
is increased by the interest of what is paid the
year before. It is only upon that basis that
the sinking fund operates to pay the national
debt. It is true the amount applied annually
to the payment of the public debt is $120,000,-
000. The amount next year will be $126,000,-
0O0 ; but the amount that will be applicable
to the public debt will be increased by the
interest of that which is paid the year before.
Twenty-four millions must be reserved. The
Senator talked of $2,100,000,000 as being the
interest-bearing debt, as if that had anything
to do with the question of the sinking fund.
The sinking fund is provided for by the act of
February 25, 1862.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to state to the
Senator that this item of $82,122,000 27 is no
part of the sinking fund. It is bonds which we
have purchased.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is only that part which
is called the sinking fund that is counted in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg the Senator's
pardon. The 8127,000,000 is the interest upon
the entire indebtedness of $2,107,000,000, upon
which we pay interest at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why, Mr. President, the
whole of that which the Senator refers to is the
sinking fund.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are the bonds that are
purchased from week to week a part of the
sinking fund?
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope I may be allowed
