1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
" Qurtiio*. Were any person* registered in your
town without showing their papers ?
"Answer. Yes; one mail.
" Question. When was that?
"Ansxser. The second day of the meeting of the
registry. This man said he had left his papers home:
he was n<jt sworn when he was registered; I had
known him for a year or two; ho had not voted
before in my town."
How did that man happen to be registered
without showing his papers ? Because he had
been a voter for twenty years at that place.
Some one had stated to the board of registry
that he had moved to New Jersey, and they
had dropped his name from the list. It is made
their duty by lawto transcribe the names of all
voters at the preceding election on the new list,
unless they have personal knowledge that a
party has removed. 0 n the suggestion that this
man had moved away his naifte was dropped,
and when he came to the polls to vote he found
that his name had been left off the registry by
mistake. The mistake was admitted by the
judges, who placed his name back where they
ought to have placed it originally and received
nis vote. What further?
" Question. Did yon look at an? of th« naturalisa-
tion papers presented?
" -4n uier.Yes; all of them.
" Question, Were they all regular on their face?
"Answer. Don't know much about them; they
appeared to look very well.
" Question. Did they ail purport to be regular on
the face?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Was any man placed upon the registry
list that did not show proper papers but this one
man?
" Answer. No, rir.
" Question. How do yon know there were from thirty
to fifty new names put on restUtry ?
"Annoer. I kept no list, but on looking over the
number of new names putdown Isaw it."
And again:
" Queition. Who were the papers signed by pur-
ported to be issued at Goshen ?
"Ansteer. Some by Cuddebaek and some hy Elliott, i
Cuddebaek was clerk, and Elliott was deputy clerk
last year."
Now, let me look at the point for a moment
upon which gentlemen base their complaints
about naturalization. They say that Mills-
paugh and some other men whose names I have
forgotten who were appointed special deputy
clerks issued naturalization papers in violation
of law; that that duty should have been con-
fined to the regular clerk, Cuddebaek, and his
regularly appointed deputy, Elliott. Now, the
fact is disclosed in this cross-examination that
all the naturalization papers on which parties
were placed on the registry were signed by
Guddebaekor Elliott, and that none were placed
there w&ich had been issued by any other parties.
And I assert here, in View of all that is dis-
closed in this record of near three hundred
pages, that men holding certificates signed by
the special deputy clerks about whom so much
has been said were almost uniformly refused a !
vote. It cannot be shown that through the j
whole district ten naturalized voters cast bal- i
lots on certificates granted by these special
deputies; and their work it is about which
my friend from Tennessee makes such eloquent
complaints when he speaks of giving papers in
jury-rooms and other places not in presence
of the judge of a court; but the papers signed
by Cuddebaek and Elliott were all regular,
cm-reef, and legal. So the election officers
decided, they being Republicans, and so I trust
this House will decide.
By their own showing, and by the-rules which
they have themselves adopted, these parties
were entitled to stand there as legal voters and
to vote accordingly. The witness is asked if
he ad ministered the oath to any man challenged
on election day and he says he did not, though
in another place he says that ona man was
challenged and the oath was administered to
him. He is asked to same one man challenged
who did not take the preliminary oath and he
says he cannot do it. -
Now, there is a court that meets regularly
at Newburg, It has all the necessity requisites
in its organization to issue certificates of nat-
uralization. That is not questioned or denied. :
It has a clerk; it keeps a seal; it is a court
of record; it has common-law jurisdiction; it
transacts business, and from time immemorial
since it was a court it has issued naturaliza-
tion papers. That is not questioned or denied.
And yet it is proposed here to exclude all
the papers issued by that court during a cer-
tain period of time on the general allegation
that there wa3 a conspiracy to get some parties
naturalized and in possession of naturalization
papers who were not legally entitled to receive
them from any court.
It is proposed to reject the vote of Ilamp-
tonburg. If that vote is to be rejected it will
be rejected with the fact established before the
House that the individual on whose testimony
the vote is challenged certified that all the
papers on which parties were registered there,
instead of being one hundred and forty, or one
hundred, or even fifty, are very few in number,
and that each of those papers ha3 the charac-
teristic which renders them legal even in the
judgment of the committee itself—that they
were signed by Cuddebaek or his regularly-
appointed deputy, Elliott.
I come now to the proceedings in the second
ward of Newburg. I wish special attention
to it, because I propose to comment upon the
second, third, and fourth wards of Newburg,
upon Cochecton and other points, in such a
manner as to make this thing clear before this
House.
I wish to show, if I can, the lack of policy,
if not of justice, in charging every irregularity
that may exist anywhere to partisan motives.
My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Butler] said
those polls should be thrown out because Dem-
ocratic judgesthere committed some irregular-
ities. Now, when you come to other places
you find the same charges made and the same
facts existing. They are Republican polling
places, they are in charge of Republican elec-
tion officers, and the laws are construed and
administered by those Republican officers. The
same charges are made against them; showing
that if there be, in the language of the gentle-
man from Tenn6ssee, £Mr. Butler,] fraud and
irregularity it is not" by any means to be re-
garded as a party matter in its inception, origin,
or development.
What is said about the second ward of New-
burg? On page 47 of the testimony a witness
testifies in relation to this matter, and he makes
a curious statement on his cross-examination.
The gentleman from Tennessee commented
upon his testimony, but he did not have time
to read his cross-examination. His name is
Thomas S. McAlles, and he says he has lived
in that ward for fifteen years. In his cross-
examination he testifies:
"Question. About how many were registered on
papers granted last fall, on tbe first day?.
' Answer. I should think about fifty. There were
more registered the first day than in all the other
days put together.
"Question. You did not. after the first day, regis-
ter any one who presented paperswithout examina-
tion, and not then unless his examination showed
him to be entitled to registry ? *
"Antteer. No; not unlesB the papers signed by
Dickson were illegal.
"Question. Did you, even though the paper was
signed by Dickson, if his examination showed him
not legally entitled to his papers? .
"Answer. No.
"Question. Were all the men who were registered
on papers last fall ohallenged?
"Answtr. I think they were. i
'Question. The preliminary and general oath both |
administered when there waa any question about !
legality? i
'Answer. I think it was,
"Question. Did you permit anybody to vote whose ;
examination showed either that he was not entitled
to his papers or that he was not entitled to vote?
"Answer. I did."
And how many does he say ?
"There waa one man, Com tfliua Keel er; that is all
I remember in my ward."
And be states how Cornelius Keeler hap-
pened to get his vote in: that the polls were
crowded; that one of the Republican judges j
tossed his ticket into tlrt ballot-box without I
asking any questions of the others. Thus, by
mere inattention on the part of some of the
judges, he got liis vote in without being chal-
lenged. All the others were challenged, and
all of them took the preliminary and the gen-
eral oath. They were passed upon by a Repub-
lican board of judges, and were rejected or
admitted according to their judgment. Yet
their action is now challenged here and branded
i as a part of a conspiracy of the Democratic
| party, and upon such facts is attempted to be
j based the action of this House, which is uro-cd
i to disfranchise the voters at that voting-place.
or rather make them utter a voice which they
i have never intended and which they would
i repudiate to-day.
Now, what is the explanation of the course
of the gentleman from Tennessee, and of the
majority report, in alleging that at certain
places referred to in the testimony certain per-
sons swear that there were so many illegal votes,
when the testimony of the witnesses shows no
such thing? What is the burden of the testi-
mony thus referred to ? It simply tends to show
that certain persons voted upon naturalization
papers issued by some court last fall, instead
of twenty years ago. On such testimony the
majority of the committee base the inference
that the votes were illegal, and they carry for-
ward such votes as votes to be deducted from
those of the sitting member. As to a number
of voters which the majority propose to reject,
the only evidence to discredit them is that they
were naturalized last fall. This is the only
ground of challenge.
I come now to examine the charge made in
regard to the third ward of Newburg. I wish
to remark as to these successive voting places
which I am now reviewing that they were all
in charge of Republican officers. If there have
been violations of the law at those places in
the interest of Judge Greene the violation has
not been a party measure. I am taking the
witnesses relied upon by the gentleman from
Tennessee, and I am referring to their state-
ments to answer the charges which they are
made to prefer.
I cite now from page 44 the testimony of
John Corwin, an inspector, residing at New-
burg for the last thirty years. He is brought
forward as a Republican to state such facts as
may justify the House in disregarding the poll
in the third ward of Newburg:
"Question. Where do you reside?
"Answer. City of Newburg, third ward.
"Question. How long?
"Answer. Nearly two years, and in the city over
thirty years.
"Question. Do you know the voters in that ward?
"Annoer. I know a great many of them; suppose
I ean call two thirds ot three quarters of them by
name as they come up to the polls.
"Question. Did you attend the last presidential
election ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. In what capacity ?
"Answer. As an inspector of election or & member
of the board of registration.
"Question. Did any person in your ward vote last
fall who got naturalization papers last fell?
"Anstoer. Yes, sir.
"Question. How many ?
"Answer. I think about nine or ten."
Let ns compare with this evidence the citation
made on page 9 of the report of the majority:
" Also atthe third ward of Newburg, (pages 44 and
45) John Corwin, an inspector of registry and election
in said ward, bad lived in the ward nearly two years,
and in the city thirty years ; knew most of the voters,
and that nine or ten voted for the Democracy on
illegal papers."
The charge made in this report is that nine or
ten persons voted the Democratic ticket on
illegal papers, and this is stated as being the
testimony of John Corwin. Yet he simply
testifies that these nine or ten persons got natu-
ralization papers last fall. A witness comes
before the committee and says that certain
persons who voted had naturalization papers
issued last fall. The majority of the committee,
by distorting the evidence of the witness, make
him say to the House that nine or ten persons
voted illegally. The majority do not state this
as a legal conclusion based upon the facts stated
but they have attributed to the witness language
entirely different from his own in order to
discredit the poll.
