1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
41st Cong....2d Sess.
State of Georgia—Mr. Fowler.
Senate.
fight to the northern prize-fight. If the former
is more fatal to the combatants, the latter is
more bratal and pernicious to good morals
and refined sentiment. «
Bat it is asked triumphantly by- a Senator
distinguished for his culture, his ability, and
gentleness, who commit crimes at the North?
" Why, men for whom all your prisonsyawn, for
whom all your scaffolds ache." This is true in
most cases, not in all. The same is true of
the South. Felons alone commit felonies every-
where. Crime is not the work of party asso-
ciations, as alleged, in the South any more than
in the North. Good men and good citizens
nowhere shield crime or perpetrate by denom-
inations. The sympathies that all men feel in
the condition of the unfortunate is too often
used to shield the guilty from the penalties of
the law. It is impossible to repel a present
human sufferer by the consideration of a past
and remote one. This may operate more pow-
erfully in the South than in the North. The
sentiment of retributive justice may too often
be silenced by the present and pressing de-
mands of mercy. It is also true that the spirit
of vindictiveness is too swift for the control of
reason. It must be observed at the same tune
whatever is added, to the velocity of the storm
is lost in its duration. The greater the vio-
lence the sooner is the return of the calm.
While I do not propose to apologize for either
crime or the criminal, whether they come from
those who have been reared under happier or
more unfortunate auspices, neither do I propose
to shrink from the responsibility that one class
of citizens have in the delinquencies of another.
I do protest against holding up the Police Ga-
zette of one section as the character of the
whole population. If, however, this standard
is to he adopted I propose to apply the rule to
both sections and let the refined classes every-
where behold themselves in the mirror of their
own destructive elements.
The friends of equal rights, of the utility,
dignity, and interests of labor, may be com-
pelled to undergo many trials before they have
attained their purpose. They may be required
to hazard much and suffer. These they can
endure. They are, however, in no condition
to provoke a conflict of cunning or force. They
are there to win friends, not to embitter ene-
mies. Their mission is peace through reason,
not a feigned submission to power. They are
in the minority, without the social position,
the culture, the wealth, and influence of their
antagonists. In a bitter contest they must go
down. In one of patience, wisdom, and jus-
tice they may hope to win. No greater enemy
of the poor can arise than that man who
encourages malignity and party rancor in the
present distracted condition of the South.
The present public opinion of the South is not
to be erased by a bold assault of angry words,
nor yet with cannon balls and bayonets, and
much less by vaunting threats uttered at that
respectful distance that the discretion of Cap-
tain Falstaff would pronounce the better part
of valor. Away with vaunting. I have main-
tained my position on these questions on the
field of contest, and will go as far as he who
dares go furthest; yet I pronounce this faith in
arms and statutes as the weakest defense that
was ever thrown around the citizen. There
are no means of escaping the responsibilities
assumed. Upright purpose and manly cour-
age are the instrumentalities for the regenera-
tion of public sentiment.
What are laws but the sentiments of the peo-
ple in the communities that make and execute
them? Those who make them execute them in
the spirit and according to the sentiment of jus-
tice by which they ordained them. If you would
change the laws and their mode of execution
you must reach the ideas in the hearts of the
people. It is not the passions and antagon-
isms you desire to attack; it is their intelligence
and convictions you must address and reform.
If the Republicans would gain adherents they
must not erect barriers against the approach
of friends. It would be a weak and miserable
policy to drive the ranks of the Opposition
more firmly together. There is now only a
mechanical mixture of persons forced unwill-
ingly into rebellion and others who early, will-
ingly, and perversely rushed into it. These
elements must soon separate ; there never can
be anx real affinity between them. Make room
for one part to come over ; let the others do
the pressing.
With the question of pure party politics in
this matter I have no direct interest, as it is
not a proper occasion to seek political capital.
The peace and happiness of one of the ancient
Commonwealths of the Republic are at stake;
not only so, but the honor and reputation of
the entire body of the southern people, asd
especially of my own State. For some reason
it has become a habit to make my own State
the scape-goat for all the social and political
ills that afflict the entire South. If this were
a mere rhetorical ornament or an idle diversion
of a politician it might pass unnoticed ; but
when misrepresentations are showered,
"Thick as autumnal loaves that strow the brooks
In Vatlambrosa,"
on the just and the uujust alike, arousing and
perpetuating strife among the people, injuring
the credit of the State, and driving emigration
from its borders, it becomes my duty and pleas-
ure t-o place the State in its proper attitude.
It was only a day or so ago that the eloquent
Senator from Indiana portrayed the scenes of
butchery and universal slaughter till the Poto-
mac turned rod, and from every mountain
and valley of the South fountains of human
blood burst forth, till the stream poured then-
purple floods into the Gulf. So terrible a de-
scription. if true, proves the utter incapacity
of these people for local self-government, and
enjoins upon the central power the necessity of
immediate interposition. But that the descrip-
tion was entirely poetical so far as Tennessee
is concerned I have no doubt, and shall proceed
to give the reason upon which I placc my own
faith. The sources of information on which
the Senator relied were four: the report of a
member or officer of the Ifreedmen's Bureau ;
the report of an investigation before a com-
mittee of the Legislature of Tennessee; the
singular, unreliable, and vindictive course of
the Governor of the State; and the statement
of a newspapercorrespondent, purporting to be
the testimony of General Forrest, of Fort Pillow
massacre memory, when interviewed in 1868,
referred to as evidence by the Governor.
Before examining carefully these sources of
evidence, upon which the great body of the
people of the State are to be convicted of a
barbarism as cruel as that exercised in the late
Indian massacre, I desire to review briefly the
history of the State for the past five years, to
show that the party in power was in a great
degree responsible for the peace and happiness
of the State; that the responsibility istheir own.
At the close of the rebellion a State govern-
ment was inaugurated by a small minority of
the people. The spirit aroused by the rebel-
lion was bitter and malignant in the extreme,
from the fact that the actors on both sides were
present during the war and one party had
gained the control in the State over the other.
The returned rebels soon put in motion their
presses, and poured" forth daily inflammatory,
insurrectionary, and vindictive articles against
all who had opposed them. The results of the
war had ruined their fortune's and revolution-
ized the system of labor and the status of the
races. They returned to a new and unknown
land, and were dissatisfied.
This resulted in the partial disfranchisement
of those who had participated in the rebellion,
andafterward ofthe enfranchisement of the col-
ored people, and a more sweeping disfranchise-
ment of the whites. The State government
was administered in an extravagant, incompe-
tent, and repulsive manner, and thus increased
the source of irritation instead of tending to
allay party acerbity. The taxes were greatly
multiplied, the public burdens increased, the
revenues unwisely and wastefally administered.
The State debt was augmented to a reckless
and alarming extent; and the bonds squan-
dered without any perceptible good to the peo-
ple; the school fund improperly and waste-
fully misapplied ; the public service filled with
incompetent and improper political adherents
and partisan instrumentalities, who were either
incapable or too negligent to execute the laws.
Political organizations, supposed to be hos-
tile and military in their character, induced
the formation of the counteracting Kuklux
organization, fraught with outrage and crime.
The latter had an existence only in certain
sections of the State, and never had a general
prevalence throughout the State. To add to
all this, the militia was called out at a vast
expense to an impoverished and overtaxed
people. Martial law was declared, under a
militia burdensome only on the industry and
dangerous only to the friends of order, useful
only to the rings who controlled the adminis-
tration of power.
This produced not only a united and almost
determined opposition to the administration
of the lings in the Republican party, but was
always met by the disfranchised party with
bitter malignity. To add to the general hos-
tility of both the honest and faithful Union
men and Republicans, and the determined bit-
terness of the disfranchised elements against
the misrule of the rings, wherever the muni-
cipal organizations were taken possession, by
them extravagance and corruption was the
order of the day. So bold aud determined
had these plunderers become that a whole
city government was sot aside by a chancellor,
and a receiver appointed in their place to save
the city from financial ruin and robbery. The
decision of Chancellor East, the able, honest,
and constant patriot, in the case of the people
against the Nashville officers, which I have in
my possession, will prove the truth of what I
state to the full extent.
Before I proceed I will set forth the political
condition of the State in another point of view.
The Republicans in their effort to secure power
by a more rigorous franchise law had given
themselves, as well as the Opposition, bound
hand and foot into the hands of the Governor.
He had the power to appoint registers of voters
and exercised the right to remove them. He
could annul the registration of any county at
pleasure, and authorize a new registration who
would vote as the register wished. He could,
after the election, cast out the vote of any and
every county or parts of counties he chose and
thus elect whom he desired. The registers
appointed the judges of elections, who made
their returns to the registers, and they to the
secretary of State as interest or caprice dictated.
Thus the Governor could command every vote
in the State. There was not a free man, from
the mountains that separate us from North
Carolina to the Mississippi river. The en-
franchised had but a hollow mockery of right,
and occupied a position more degrading than
the disfranchised. The Governor had usurped
the power of appointing all officers, from
supreme court judges to justices of the peace,
without elections.
It was this condition of tyranny, usurpation,
an d extravagance, corrupti on and finan cial ruin,
that united the liberal and upright of the Re-
publicans generally to an effort against the
tyranny and the rapacitj' of the rings, if possi-
ble, to work a change. The struggle resulted
in the disgraceful convention of May, 1869, and,
if possible, the more pernicious canvass that
