1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1313
But, sir, when he is examined further he
says, on page 55:
" Question. Did you permit any one to voto there
on election day who had received papers last fall
without being challenged ? .
"A/isieer. Yes, sir; they were generally examined
and challenged, and sworn on preliminary oath, ex-
cept where general oath was asked to be adminis-
tered."
I want to comment on that for a moment,
simply to state this fact: It is true a chal-
lenger may ask the " preliminary oath " to be
put, as it is called. It is equally true that the
voter may demaud the "general oath." Hav-
ing taken that "general oath" he must be per-
mitted to vote, as stated by the geutleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Butler.] His vote is then
received and recorded. This man says that 110
one who voted oil these naturalization papers
was permitted to vote without challenge, but
that they all took the "preliminary oath"
except where they demanded that the "general
oath" should be administered.
But let us proceed with this man Corwin's
testimony.
" Question. Did you permit any one to vote whoso
examination did not show him entitled to vote ?
' Answer. No, sir."
This is the testimony of a witness who was
called for Mr. Van VVyck; and what further
does he say?
" Question. Do you know of any illegal votes being
cast in your ward?
"Answer. No,sir; excepttheonecasel havespoken
of, and I presume it would have been legal if it had
been registered."
This Republican inspector, who was put upon
the stand by the contestant in this case, posi-
tively declares on oath that he did not permit
any one to vote who did not show himself enti-
tled to vote. Then, again, when he was asked
whether he knew of any illegal votes being
cast in his ward, he said no, except the one he
had spoken of, and he presumed that would
have been legal, if it had been registered.
Notwithstanding this testimony of a Repub-
lican inspector, acting in the interest of the
Republican party, what is the proposition of
the majority of the Committee of Elections?
It is that this whole vote shall be thrown out,
although we have the best testimony that there
were no illegal votes cast there to the knowl-
edge of this Republican inspector.
The majority say, as to the fourth ward
of Newburg, that Thomas H. Booth swears
that "fifty-one or fifty-two voted illegally the
Democratic ticket," and adds, "there is no
evidence to rebut the same." Booth's testi-
mony is to be found on page 37, and the full
testimony of this witness needs no rebuttal.
Here is his testimony, relied on by my friend
from Tennessee:
" Thomas Booth sworn for Mr. Van Wyck :
"Question. Where do you reside?
'^Ansicer. Newburg, fourth ward.
||Question. How long?
Answer. Over thirty years.
| Question. Do you know the voters in your ward?
Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Did you attend the registration and
election in your ward, and in what capacity ?
'Answer. Yes, as register; and election as one of
the inspectors.
"Question. Before the last two registration days,
ana on those days, did you ascertain how many men
m your ward had been naturalized at Newburg last
tall
|| Answer. I did.
" Question. Did you get a list of them ?
u Answer. I did.
l( Question. How many?
ti Answer. Over fifty.
uQuestion. Where did they get their papers?
Answer. At the county court at Newburg, in
"ePtember and October.
(i Question. Were they all challenged ?
, Answer. Principally.
Quest ion. By whom?
Schroeder^' ^ **ugtl ^oppinG and Christopher
„Question. Were they Republicans?
tl Answer. Yes.
„ Question, llow many voted?
^Answer. I think fifty-one or fifty-two.
„ Question. What ticket did they vote ?
uAnswer. Democratic.
„Question. Did you take the tickets?
Answer. I did, as inspector.
t,„ Question. Could you easily distinguish Democratic
Tom Republican tickets ?
Answer. Y es, sir,
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 83.
" Question. Describe why.
"Answer. One of the Democratic tickets had on the
outside 'Washington headquarters' and one 'Hoff-
man's face,' which was not on the Republican tickcts.
" Question. Weresome of the fifty-one naturalized
on the ground that they came to this country under
eighteen years of age?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Did you examine all of those under
oath on election day ?
"Answer. I did.
|| Question. IIow many ?
"Anstoer. Over twenty.
" Question. Did the testimony of cnch show that
every one came to this country over eighteen years
ago ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I think it did.
" Question. What was thccase of Robert JIcFarlan ?
"Answer. His papers were given before the expir-
ation of two years irom getting the first papers.
He swore more than two years had elapsed.
" Question. "What was the case of Simon Murphy ?
"Answer, lie came there with his naturalization
papers signed by S. E. Dimmick for registration on
Saturday previous to the election, about three o'clock
p. m. I looked at his paper and objected to it, be-
cause I did not consider it a legal certificate. He
went away, and after an absence of one hour came
back with another person, who urged strongly that
he should be registered; we declined again. Ho
came back about six p. in., just after gas was lighted,
with his same paper signed underneath Dimmick's
name by Judge George. Mr. Miller, one of the in-
spectors, urged that it was all right then; and I
registered his name."
The SPEAKER. The geutleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I move by
unanimous consent that the gentleman be
allowed to conclude his argument, and that
his time be extended for that purpose.
There was no objection; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Booth says that only 51
or 52 voted on papers procured last fall at
Newburg; and, in speaking of their being chal-
lenged, he answers questions on cross-exam-
ination to be found on page 38:
" Question. Have you any paper on which you took
down the sworn statement of any or either of these
men ?
"Answer. Yos.
"Question. Can you produce it?
"Answer. Yes ; I have a memorandum of the affi-
davits taken at the time by the clerk, Mr. Hall, in
the presenceof the board and the person swearing."
Now, here is what these challenged parties
swore, and it is for you to determine on the
facts whether they were legal voters or whether
they ought to have been rejected:
"Timothy Ryan swore he wa3 fifty-three years
old; been in the country ten or twelve years; de-
clared intention to become a citizen four years ago.
and got his papers two years ago. James Welsh got
papers two years last January."
' William Degan, forty-six years old ; six years in
this country; got first papers in October, 1866. Wil-
liam Karboy, six years in this country ; got all pa-
pers last court; don't know if ho wa3 under eighteen
years of age when he came."
There may be a question of doubt as to this
man, and you may drop him if you please.
But go through the list on page 38—I will not
take time to read and analyze the whole of it—
and I say you will find none of those chal-
lenged votes which can be at all doubtful ex-
cept the one which I have specified. So when
the witness tells you they were illegal, and
gives insufficient reason for his conclusion,
you must conclude that in fixing the requisites
of a legal voter he merely committed an error
in judgment.
But I proceed now to review the votes in
New Windsor, and the reason I take them in
this order is because it is the order in which
they are brought before the House by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Butler.] On
page 10 of the report of the committee it is
stated that 4 illegal votes were cast in New
Windsor for the Democratic party, and evi-
dence on pages 57 and 58 is referred to in sup-
port of this allegation. Now, what are the
facts? That the 4 voters objected to were
men who received their papers that fall and
voted the Democratic ticket; and so the com-
mittee arrive at the general "inference" that
these were illegal voters, and that their votes
should be deducted irom Mr. Greene.
Then the majority of the committee assert
that, as regards the second district of Goshen
or Mape's Corner, John Kavanaugh swears that
10 voted the Democratic ticket on illegal papers.
On turning to the evidence of Kavanaugh, on
page 86, we find it is mere hearsay evidence,
that he was not at the voting place at all. Now,
I submit that, when it is said that John Smith
gave an illegal vote, the best evidence would
be that of the man who saw him vote, and knew
it was illegal. But here these allegations rest
on the testimony of Kavanaugh, who says.he
was not at the polling place, but that the par-
! ties he refers to told him before they voted what
: they were going to vote, and that they told him
afterward what they did vote. Here is no evi-
dence that these parties, if they voted, voted
illegally. But it is assumed that these parties
voted for Mr. Greene, and then, of course, that
their votes should be stricken from the poll I
If it be true that these parties voted, can it
not be shown affirmatively, either by the poll-
list or by the testimony of some one who saw
the votes cast? Yet there is no testimony,
save that of Kavanaugh, as to the parties im-
peached by him, and his testimony does not
establish that they voted at all. It is evidence
based on mere rumor, which has no legal value
' attached to it.
Then the testimony of Mr. Samuel R. Weeks
' is relied upon to throw out 13 votes at High-
land Mills, town of Monroe. The testimony
of Mr. Weeks, at pages 126 and 127, shows how
, reliable his information is.
; | We come now to the testimony of Ashman,
whicli is relied on as impeaching a number of
j votes in the first district of the town of Mon-
; roe. I ask the attention of the House to the
| evidence at page 126, of Ashman, who was a
witness called for Mr. Van Wyck:
! " Question. Where do you reside?
, | " Answer. Town of Monroe, district one.
': " Question. How long have you lived there ?
11 "Answer. Over forty years.
" Question. Do you know the voters generally in
that,district?
" Answer. I know pretty much all the Americans
and some of the Irish voters, and three or four Dutch
voters.
"Question. Did you attend the last general elec-
tion in your district?
"Answer. I did, as an inspector.
" Question. Did some men vote at your poll last
fall who were naturalized last fall?
"(Answer objected to.)
"Answer. There was.
" Question. About how many ?
" Answer. I should think between 12 and 20."
He states as a fact that these men voted;
but is that fact conclusive as to their being
illegal voters. But let us go on a little further:
" Question. Did you see the papers?
" Answer. I believe I saw one.
" Question. Do you know of your own personal
knowledge where these papers were issued from ?
" Answer. I don't."
He did not know whether they were natural-
ized in Goshen, or Newburg, or Rochester, or
St. Louis, or New York; yet the fact that they
were "naturalized last fall" is sufficient, in the
judgment of the gentleman from Tennessee, to
disfranchise them and throw out their votes
entirely.
" Question. 1s all you know of where these papers
were issued from, what you heard from others?
"Answer. Yes; from the menwhoheld the papers.
" Question. Were they challenged?
"Answer. Some were and some were not; some of
them were registered
" Question. Did such as were challenged take the
required oath and prove themselves entitled to
suffrage ?
"Answer. They proved themselves entitled to
suffrage by the affidavit of a householder.
" Question. Did they swear that tlrey were citizens
of tnc United States; for the last year residents of
the State of New York; for t ho last four months ot
the county of Orange; the last thirty days a resident
of the town or district in which they offered their
votes?
" Answer. I believe they did."
Those conditions to which they swore em-
braced all the conditions attached to voting in
the State of New York by the statute which
regulates that subject. Another fact as to
most of these parties is, that they proved their
right to vote as required by the laws of New
York, not only by their own oath or affidavit,
but by the oath also of a recognized voter, who
is also a householder, certifying to the fact
which the party himself swore to. By the law
