1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5089
to finish. It is the bonds that the Senator
refers to in the Treasury Department that are
the sinking fund. They form the sinking fund,
and that sinking fund has been added to every
year by one per cent, in addition to the inter-
est. I have the provision before me. It requires
one per cent, ofthe entire debt, including green-
backs and all) to be set aside annually to be
added to the sinking fund, over aud above the
interest of that which has been paid before ;
and, as a matter of course, that goes on and
by this rapid accretion pays the national debt.
Now, Mr. President, we cannot jeopardize
either the interest ofthe public debt, including
the interest of the sinking fund, accumulating
year in and year out, nor the one per cent, we
have agreed to add to the sinking fund every
year to extinguish the public debt. Why, sir,
one per cent, everyyear would not pay off the
debt till a hundred years. It is the operation
of the sinking fund that pays it off in thirty
years. I hope, therefore, that the Senator will
not suppose I am misleading the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to amend the
pending amendment by inserting the word
"not" after the word "shall," and instead of
"all" inserting the word "no;" so as to pro-
vide that, no such tax shall be collected, so as
to make it definite and clear, and thus relieve
all salaries lor the year 1870.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been paid up to
this time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
from Nevada to insert the word " fartherso
as to read, "shall not be further collected."
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is collected as the sal-
aries are paid ; taken out every month.
Mr. STEWART. Well, I am willing to say
"up to date," or "shall not be further col-
lected." I will insert the word " further," so
a'i not to have any litigation or question here-
after.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment so that it will read :
That sections one hundred and twenty, one hun-
dred and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-two,
and one hundred and twenty-threo of the act of
June 30,1864, entitlod "An act to provido internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes," as
amended by theact of July 13, 1866, and the act of
March 2,1867, shall not be construed to impose the
tax therein mentioned for and during the year 1870;
and no further tax shall bo collected in the manner
now or hereafter provided by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will recognize the Senator from Illinois by
general consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; this is another
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator is correct.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume it is in order
to speak upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose so. If it is
not, I shall move another amendment.
Now, I shall not allow the Senator from Ohio
to mislead me; at least I do not want to be
misled; and I hope he will correct me if I am
wrong. I understand there is a sinking fund
in the Treasury, and it is so reported in this
official statement—a sinking fund in United
States coin interest bonds, and accrued inter-
est thereon, $35,462,008 50. That is the sink-
ing fund upon which I understand interest has
been paid, as the Senator suggests, and which
is to accumulate. But there is another fund ;
"other United States coin interest bonds pur-
chased, and accrued interest thereon." Now,
we have no statute, so l'ar as I am advised,
making these other bonds that are purchased
a sinking fund. They are bonds that have
been purchased from time to time by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and on those bonds I see
no propriety in our continuing to pay interest.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me I will explain that. When Mr. Boutwell
came in he undertook, for the first time, to
41st Cong. 2d Sess.-—No. 319.
organize oft the books of the Treasury what is
called the sinking fund, provided for by the
act of 1862. The $35,000,000 that have accu-
mulated in the sinking fund have accumulated
since the 1st of March of last year, when a
regular account was opened for the sinking
fund; but the other sum that is mentioned as
accumulated sinkingfund, that is added to make
up during the time since the close of the war,
when there was no regular sinking-fund account
kept. That was all communicated to us by an
official statement in the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury. All this is con-
sidered as sinking fund, and is subject to the
disposition of Congress, and is provided for by
what is called the funding bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Am I not correct in
saying that the amount there now, including
the amount purchased, very muqji exceeds
what the amount would have been if the former
Secretary had set apart, in precise accordance
with the law, a sinking fund?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; it does not come up
to* that. The Senator will see that the sink-
ing fund commenced at the close of the war.
It did not operate during the war; but at the
close of the war, say from March or April,
1865, there would be a sinking fund of $24,-
000,000 with its accumulated interest that ought
to have been kept up year in and year out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would not amount
to this sum.
Mr. SHERMAN. It would amount to a
much larger sum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It compounds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the whole amount
now is some one hundred asd thirty-five or
one hundred and forty million dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. Five years alone would
make $125,000,000 without interest. It ought
to have commenced at the close of the war.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It began on the 25th of
February, 1862.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The debt was not much
then.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the sink-
ing fund ran during the war.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But, if my friend will
permit me, the act expressly provides that a
sinking fund shall be organized, and one per
cent, of the entire public debt constantly paid
into it annually.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the debt was very
small in 1862.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it; but it was
enormous in 1864.
Mr. CORBBTT. The amendment offered
by the Senator from Nevada would be in effect
to relieve these persons for six months from
the income tax that was paid by other people
engaged in civil employment, who paid their
income tax for one year previous to the com-
mencement of the tax upon official salaries.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no.
Mr. CORBETT. That ia the way I under-
stand it from the Senator from Ohio. I know
that the business community paid two taxes
one year. The Government levied one tax,
and then another was levied right on in the
same year. Instead of a tax of five per cent.,
the business community paid ten per cent, in-
come tax, as the tax for the year before was
added in one year. I understand that every
person engaged in civil employment who gave
in his return of income gave a return for two
years in one. If that is the case, as T under-
stand it is, of course the tax on official salaries
should be continued through to the end of the
year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The law, if I can under-
stand it, and it appears perfectly plain, in the
act of 1861, establishing the income tax, in the
first iustance covers taxes on salaries as well
as taxes on business. The language is this:
" Paid upon the income of every person residing
in the United States, whether suoh income is derived
from any kind of property or from any profession,
trade, employment, or vocation carried on m the
United States or elsewhere, or from any other source
whatever."
If it exceeds $800 the tax shall be paid.
Mr. STEWART. I have modified my amend-
ment, and I ask to have it read at the desk as
(■modified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As soon as I am through;
you are talking in my time. Every honest
man therefore paid the tax on his official salary
from the beginning, just as he did upon any-
thing else. Therefore, to continue the tax upon
salaries—I say nothing now of dividends, which
is a different question, I admit—to continue the
tax upon the salary of every Government clerk,
every Government employe, is to tax him for
one year more than you tax anybody else, pro-
vided he was honest when he gave his return
in 1861, as we must presume he was.
Mr. CORBETT. _ I should like to ask the
Senator whether it is not the fact that the tax
did not go into effect on salaries until a year
afterward, and therefore they did not collect
the tax from these incomes while it was col-
lected from other business during one year for
two years ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me tell my friend
from Oregon that section forty-nine of the act
of 1861 went into effect all at once, and applied
to everything that was income of every kind.
There was a time, it is true, when there was a
duplication of the tax on incomes because the
Government was hard up; but we cannot help
that now.
Mr. CORBETT. I understood the Senator
from Ohio to say that the income tax was paid
on the salaries of civil employ6s oneyear before
the tax was paid on official salaries; and if
that is the case, the tax should be continued
as to those. That is all I have to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one objection
of practical importance to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Nevada. The
object of this section is not only to declare the
law, but to relieve the Department from any
question as to the judicial construction of the
existiug law. The question as to when the
repeal of the dividend and salary tax was to
take effect is a question rather of practical good
sense. To fix it on the 1st of July would be
wrong, because the great body of corporations
have already paid to the Government this tax,
have reserved it from bondholders and others.
It ought to commence at some future time after
the passage of this law, and at a sufficient time
in the future so that everybody may have
knowledge of it. I do not care what time is
fixed, but it should be some time in the future.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Say the 1st of Sep-,
tember.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would prefer the 1st
of October, because in a country so extensive
as ours a sufficient time should be allowed. It
is true that we shall have to pay our tax at this
time. I am not particular as to the time; but
I wish the law to be so worded as to cover any
illegality that might possibly be supposed to
exist in the collections already made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thirty days' notice is
enough. I suggest that it be put at the 1st of
August.
Mr. STEWART. That will do. Let it be
made the 1st of August.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the 1st of August; but as it affects salaries I
would a great deal rather pay it for this year.
Mr. STEWART. I do not believe that
because we have salaries we should be so
delicate about it.
Mr. MORTON. Why not let it go with the
rest of the incomes?
Mr. STEWART. It does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This provision takes in
the clerks and all the employes. It ought to
b© reDsaled.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be the 1st of Au-
gust. I will modify my amendment in that
way, and I ask to-have it reported as modified.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the words "for and during the year 1870,
and that all such taxes shall be collected in the
manner now or hereafter provided by law,"
