1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3201
it becomes exceedingly independent, as Eng-
land does toward us, and talks about free trade
and nobody else being protected. The truth
is that protection is for those who are begin-
ning ; pretection is for those who have not the :
control of these large amounts of capital; pro-
tection is for the country that needs it, for the
people that need it.
Sir, se far as this matter of Bessemer steel i
rails is concerned, and its effect upon the inde-
pendence of our country in relation to this J
interest, it falls directly within the argument ;
of General Jackson's famous letter to Coleman,
which has never been answered, and cannot be :
answered, that our doctrine of incidental pro-
tection in levying our tariff is a doctrine of
national independence ; and there never was
any one particular in which it has been more
strikingly exemplified within a history running
only a very few years than this thing of build-
ing up an interest in this particular production
for the benefit of our transportation here at
home.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman asks for
names. I know only a few. I give him the
names of J. Edgar Thomson and Thomas A. |
Scott, and I find the names of many others who \
are entirely under their control. They have I
forgotten that they are Pennsylvania railroad
directors and that there is an immense company
of stockholders.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. There are thirteen
of these gentlemen interested in the manufac-
tnre of steel rails, and not three, as the gen-
tleman stated.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, suppose there are
thirteen out of ninety-five; that does not alter
the fact at all. These gentlemen are just as
desirous to advance their interests as the man-
ufacturers are, and it is fair to presume that
they want cheap rails,- that they look ahead to
continuing means of transportation by cheap
means of construction.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew it. If we
were to decide this question upon the repre-
sentations of railroad men—which we are not,
thank God—it might be proper to discuss the
representations of their'' representative men,"
as they are called. As it is, the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck:] has not presented the pro-
ceedings of any board of directors authorized
to pass resolutions in favor of this tariff. He
has not presented the resolntions of any set of
directors of any railroad company in favor of
this tariff. But he presents here—and to my
mind it is a very atrong argument against the
scheme—along array of names; nowapresident
of a railroad, then a treasnrer, and then a secre-
tary of a railroad, and then some other official
of a railroad, showing that the men are picked
and selected in order that their names upon
tbis memorial may have their effect upon Con-
gress. There are the names of treasurers of
railroad companies, who often own bat little or
nostoek of the road, which are presented here
as the names of representatives of railroad
companies in the United States, and to act as
makeweights in favor of this tariff.
I supposed that the theory of this bill was
that it should lighten the burdens of taxation;
that we could afford now to relieve the country
from a portion of the taxation imposed in this
indirect maaner by a tariff. I never before
quite understood the theory upon which the
mmittee Ways and Means seem to have
acted in reference to this question of the duty
upon iron and steel. I now find that they pro-
pose to reduce the revenue of the Government
irom duties on imports, not by reducing the
if8-# *?ut ky raising them. By making
a tanff prohibitory yon unquestionably reduce
e gentles of the Treasury ; but you do not
Hereby lighten theburdensoftaxationimposed
upon the people.
* nave been told—and if I have not been
correctly informed I hope I may be informed
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 201.
to the contrary; I am told by those who pro-
fess to know, that under the present tariff the
manufacturers of these steel rails got along
very well with the present rates of duty. At
all events, they have experimented under this
tariff; it has afforded stimulus enough to lead
them to experiment and continue this manu-
facture of steel by what is called the Bessemer
process, which I am informed is a very cheap
method of manufacture. They are thereby
enabled to make a rail of steel almost as
cheaply as a rail of cast iron can be made.
I understand that the present tariff upon this
article is about $20 per ton. The Committee
of Ways and Means propose to raise it to
$44 80 per ton, thus prohibiting altogether
the importation of this article. In this way
the revenues of the Government are to be
reduced ; but the burdens of taxation upon
the people will not be reduced.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] talks about our railroads, and speaks
about cars going to the sea-board loaded with
wheat and returning empty. He then pro-
poses to levy this additional tax upon railroads
which indirectly, ay, almost directly, reaches
over to the people who patronize the railroads.
Well may our cars return empty from the sea-
board if the railroads, or rather the people,
are to pay this enormous tax. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] says that people
generally have some selfish interest in view;
that almost every manufacturer or business
man, no matter in what he may be engaged, is
actuated by selfish motives. That, undoubtedly,
is true. No doubt Congressmen are sometimes
influenced by some such motives. But we
ought to keep as free as possible from all these
interests ana all these combinations. When
A, B, and C, when different combinations of
men representing different interests, iron, lum-
ber, salt, and various other things, combine,
upon the principle of "tickle me, Billy, and
I will tickle you," to make up a tariff bill for
the people of the United States, I am very
apt to mistrust the wisdom of following their
advice and connsel.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. If one should listen atten-
tively to this debate, he might be led to infer
that some members supposed that when any
man manufactures or produces any article of
generalconsumption, the principle of the great-
est good for the greatest number requires that
he should produce it for nothing and give it
away. Somegentlemen seem to be made per-
fectly furious by the idea that some American
citizens, some one of their own countrymen,
may, by his industry an4 ingenuity, be able to
make a competency as he passes along through
life. If a man lives in Sheffield, or Manchester,
or Glasgow, he may make as much as he
chooses; he may riotand revel in the abundance
of his earnings: but if he be one of our citizens
pursuing his industry in our own coantry,he is
denounced in terms .which it is not necessary
for me to repeat, ?o often have they been reit-
erated upon this floor.
Now, who are the men that have made great
fortunes in this country? They are those who
have been employed as merchants importing
the manufactures and products of other lands
and selling them to our people at a profit. It
is men of this class who are to-day making
enormous incomes. It is men of this class who
leave to their children great estates. Their
wealth is not accumulated by manufacturing
pursuits. These are the men who should be
stigmatized, if anybody is stigmatized—I stig-
matize no one—as men of large estates, of
"overgrown wealth." Such terms are not
appropriately applied to the men who forge
your iron bars, the men who dig your coal from
the mountains, the men -who extract the salt
from the saline materials below the surface of
the earth.
With reference to the subject now under
consideration it would seem that if anything
has been demonstrated more clearly than an-
other, it is that this superior quality of rail—
the steel rail, so essential to the safety of the
railway traveler, so essential to the econom-
ical management of our railroads—is one of the
greatest advantages that has been conferred
upon the country by its manufacturing genius
and industry during the last decade. It is
; shown that si nee 1864, duringwhich year barely
; 1,000 tons of this article were imported, the
price of the article has, by means of our Amer-
i ican manufacture, been reduced almost two
thirds. No man will venture to deny that this
, is the result of the enterprise of a few ener-
getic, far-seeing men who, by devoting their
1 capital and their talents to this manufacture,
i have established it in this country. The result
is precisely the same that has followed the
establishment of every manufacturer in this
i country. The foreign manufacturer, determ-
ined to crush out his American rival, throws
in his fabric at prices which neither we nor he
can honestly stand. Foreign manufacturers
expect thus to do with regard to all our estab-
lishments what they have already done with
regard to a portion—compel them to close up.
Then they will raise their prices to recover
what for the time being they were compelled
to lose.
Now, while we are compelled, for the sup-
port of the Government, to raise money by
levying import duties, the question is whether
, these duties shall be so levied as to interpose
the protection of the law for the benefit of our
enterprising citizens who have thus endeavored
j to establish manufactures in this countrv, or
I shall we stand here to denounce and decry
and stigmatize them, as has been done in this
House?
Mr. POTTER. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. Can he tell me what
has been the gross production of rails by Bes-
semer steel-works in this country during the
last twelve months?
Mr. MAYNARD. I have the figures some-
where amid this vast accumulation of papers
upon my table, but I am not able to turn to
them at this moment, and therefore I am not
prepared to answer the question.
Mr. POTTER. Can the gentleman say
about how much?
Mr. MAYNARD. Anything I might state
without reference to the figures would be but
a vague recollection, and I would prefer not
to answer, because the question is one which,
if answered at all, ought to be answered accu-
rately.
Mr. POTTER. Can the gentleman state
what has been the production of Bessemer
steel by the establishments in Great Britain
during the laBt twelve months?
Mr. MAYNARD. The capacity of those
establishments, as one of my colleagues re-
minds me, is 50,000 tons a year ; and that can
readily be doubled.
Mr. POTTER. Can the gSntleman tell what
was the aggregate production of Bessemer
Bteel-works in England during the last twelve
months?
Mr. MAYNARD. On that point also my
statistics are inaccessible at this moment. I
did not rise for the purpose of presenting any
views upon that subject.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, I shall thank
any gentleman who will furnish us those sta-
tistics, for we want the figures before we can
be made to believe that it is the works of this
country that by their production have caused
the reduction of price which has been exhibited
within the last few months.
Mr. MAYNARD. In the remarks which I
had the honor of submitting to the House the
other day I presented figures which would
answer the gentleman's inquiry. If he will
take the trouble to run his eye over them he
will find the information he desires.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not withdraw my
amendment.
