THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
[FORTY-FIRST CONGRESS.
SECOND SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 6, 18G9.
The first Monday of December being the day
prescribed by the Constitution for the annual
meeting of the Congress of tho United States,
the second session of the Forty-First Congress
commenced this day. The Senators assembled
in the Senate Chamber at the Capitol in the
city of Washington.
senators present.
The following Senators were present: From
the State of
Maine—Hon. Hannibal Hamlin.
New Hampshire—Hon. Aaron II. Cragin
and lion. James W. Patterson.
Vermont—Hon. George F. Edmunds and
Hon. Justin S. Morrill.
Massachusetts—Hon. Charles Sumner and
Hon. Henry Wilson.
Rhode Island—Hon. Henry B. Anthony.
Connecticut—Hon. William A. Buckingham
and Hon. Orris S. Ferry.
New York—Hon. Roscoe Conkling.
New Jersey—Hon. Alexander G. Cattelland
Hon. John P. Stockton.
Pennsylvania—Hon. Simon Cameron and
.Hon. John Scott.
Delaware—Hon. Willard Saulsbury.
Maryland—Hon. George Vickers.
North Carolina—Hon. Joseph C. Abbott.
South Carolina—Hon. Thomas J. Bobert-
son and Hon. Frederick A. Sawyer.
Florida—Hon. Abijah Gilbert and Hon.
Thomas W. Osborn.
Alabama—Hon. George E. Spencer and
Hon. Willard Warner.
Louisiana—Hon. John S. Harris and Hon.
William Pitt Kellogg.
Arkansas—Hon. Benjamin F. Rice.
Missouri—Hon. Charles D. Drake and Hon.
Carl Schurz.
Tennessee—Hon. William G. Brownlow and
Hon. Joseph S. Fowler.
Kentucky—Hon. Garrett Davis and Hon.
Thomas C. McCreery.
West Virginia—Hon. Arthur I. Boreman
and Hon, Waitman T. Willey.
Ohio—Hon. John Sherman and Hon. Allen
G. Thurman.
Indiana—Hon. Daniel D. Pratt and Hon.
Oliver P. Morton.
Illinois—Hon. Lyman Trumbull and Hon.
Richard Yates.
Michigan—Ron. Zachariah Chandler and
Hon. Jacob M. Howard.
Wisconsin—Hon. MatthewH. Carpenterand
Hon. Timothy O. Howe.
Iowa—Hon. James Harlan.
Minnesota—Hon. Daniel S. Norton and Hon.
Alexander Ramsey.
41st Coxg. 2p Sew.—No. 1.
Kansas—Hon. Samuel C. Pomeroy and
Hon. Edmund G. Ross.
California—Hon. Eugene Casserly and Hon.
Cornelius Cole.
Nebraska—Hon. John M. Thayer and Hon.
Thomas W. Tipton.
Oregon—Hon. Henry W. Corbett and Hon.
George H. Williams.
Nevada—Hon. James W. Nye and Hon.
William M. Stewart.
The VICE PRESIDENT (Hon. Schuyler
Colfax, of Indiana) called the Senate to order
at twelve o'clock m., there being a quorum of
Senators present.
prayer.
Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D., Chaplain to the
Senate for the Forty-First Congress, offered
tho following prayer:
Great and immortal God, the upholder of
all things, the author of law, the judge of
quick and dead, may our morning prayers
be acccptable in thy sight through Jesus Christ
our Lord.' Conscious of our dependence upon
Thy bounty, mindful of the blessings we enjoy,
impressed with our obligations to Thee, and
our responsibilities one to another, wherewith
shall we come before Thee, and how shall we
frame our speech, whether to express the grati-
tude of our hearts or our admiration for Thy
great and holy name? May our sins be par-
doned and our hearts cleansed from all unright-
eousness ; may we be imbued with the gracious
influences of Thy holy spirit; may the noblest
sentiments be awakened in our minds; may
our purposes be pure, our decisions firm, our
sense of duty clear and reliable; and grant
that at all times we may act in Thy fear and
with due reference to our future.
May it please Almighty God, the God of our
fathers, to accept our thanks for His goodness
to us as a great people, for the prevalence of
health, for the diffusion of knowledge, for the
respect for authority, for the obedience to law,
for the wealth of the many, for the competency
of all, for the reign of virtue, and for the power
which Christianity exerts upon our minds and
upon our lives.
May it please Almighty God to bless in per-
son and in life, in reputation and in character,
in private and in public, him whom the people
have chosen to be their Chief Magistrate. We
thank Thee for the calm, and self-reliant, and
economical Administration which honors the
nation at this time.
May Thy blessing of wisdom and of grace,
of clearness of intellect and of purity of heart
abide upon Thy servant who presides here,
and upon the Chief Justice and his associates
who sit in Thy place to dispense justice to the
people. Grant unto them the simplicity of
greatness, that wisdom which will enable them
to distinguish between truth and error, and
that probity of motive and of life which belongs
to those that sit upon the seat of judgment;
and do Thou command Thy blessing upon Thy
servants here assembled. Thou hast been a
father and a friend unto them in all their
wanderings over the continent, across the seas,
in foreign lands, in the quiet of their peaceful
homes. Hither Thcu hast brought them to the
post of duty. Oh, grant unto them those broad
views of legislation and that profound research
essential to the discharge of their duties; and
rising above the intrigue of the partisan, may
they be statesmen with views that shall be
equal to the emergencies of the hour and with
a forethought which shall anticipate the future.
May it please God Almighty to preserve the
lives and the health and the reputation and the
characters of these Senators, that they may bo
worthy of the great nation tliey represent and
worthy of the God of our fathers.
But Almighty Father, in whose hands are
the keys of death and hell, we deplore the
absence of one unto whom Thou hadst granted
much wisdom and upon whom the people had
conferred much honor. Thou hast changed
his countenance and sent liiin away. The lips
wise in council and eloquent in utterances
Thou hast sealed in death, and the place which
knew him here will know him no more forever.
May his brother Senators grow wise by this
dispensation of Thy providence, and may his
absence, unbroken by his return, be a per-
petual reminder of their mortality; and, con-
scious of this, may they act for the future.
And now command thy benediction upon
every department of the Government, upon
both branches of Congress, upon our Army,
and upon our Navy, and upon all our people ;
and in the future may we enjoy Thy guidance ;
in the future may we possess humility and
meekness and gentleness and whatever shall
ennoble our national character, whatever shall
make us a power in the earth to elevate the
race and to bring in that golden hour when a
knowledge of Thy truth shall overspread the
earth. And then unto the Father and to the
Son and to the Holy Spirit we will render
ascriptions of everlasting praise. Amen.
credentials.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the credentials of
Hon. Lot M. Morrill, appointed by the Gov-
ernor of the State of Maine a Senator from
that State to fill until the next session of the
Legislature the vacancy occasioned by the
death of Hon. William Pitt Fessenden.
The credentials were read; and the oaths
prescribed by law having been administered
to Mr. Morrill, he took his seat in tiie
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lays
before the Senate a communication from the
Secretary of State, transmitting a communica-
tion from the Governor of the State of Vir-
ginia, inclosing credentials of two Senators
elected by the General Assembly of that State.
The papers will be read.
