1870.
THE C0NGBESSI0NAL GLOBE.
414#
contracts the contract to be made in accordance with
the provisions of this act shall provide that the
steamships accepted for this service shall be con-
structed of the best material and after approved
models, with all the modern improvements adapted
to sea-going steamships of the first class, and shall
be subject to inspection and survey by a naval con-
structor, to bo detailed for that purpose by the Sec-
retary ot tho Navy, whose report shall be made to
the Postmaster General. That the Government of
the United States shall be entitled to havo trans-
ported free of expense, on each and every steamer,
a mail agent to take charge of and arrange tho mail
matter, to whom suitable accommodation for that
purpose shall bo assigned. , '
Mr. RAMSEY. I believe myself that is about
the best scheme for an economical transporta-
tion of the mails across the Atlantic that lias
ever been offered ; but I liave reason to believe
that the parties who originally suggested it and
offered to take a contract under it would not
do it, for I have heard nothing from them for
months.
Mr. POMEROY. A substitute has been
reported by the committee. What has been
read is not what the committee reported.
Mr. RAMSEY. I know this is the original
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads report a sub-
stitute for the bill, but the Senator from Arkan-
sas desires his substitute to be reported in lieu
of the substitute originally reported by tho
committee.
Mr. THURMAN. Before that is done I
think we might as well have the sense of the
Senate as to whether we shall take this bill up
or not. It will give rise to a very extended
discussion, I fancy. Although this proposition
apparently is for paying simply in postages,
yet it will be the entering-wedge for all the sub-
sidy schemes for mail steamers that are before
the Senate; and unless we have more money
than we know what to do with, it would be as
well for us to pause before wo enter upon such
an expenditure. I feel compelled to say, for
one, that I shall be constrained to oppose this
bill and all similar bills ; and I hope the Sen-
ate will consent to listen to a thorough discus-
sion of all such schemes. Unless the Senate
wish to take up this matter now 1 suggest that
the bill had better go over, in order that wo
may proceed to the consideration of other
bills on the Calendar that are not likely to be
opposed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Ohio does not characterize this as an objec-
tionable subsidy scheme. The scheme pre-
sented by the original bill is a very moderate
one. It is a very small one. it simply gives
the postages.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand that it sim-
' ply gives the postages ; but 1 do not understand
that that is any the less giving money out of
the Treasury of the United States. I do not
think it makes a panicle of difference whether
you putthe money in the Treasury of the United
States and then vote it out, or whether you give
it in the first instance to a steamship company.
Mr. RAMSEY. But tho Senator perceives
that it insures us four separate American lines,
carrying the American flag, with well-con-
structed, first-class American steamers. That
certainly is worth the small consideration ol
the postages. But I do not protend to urge
the original bill, as the parties who made the
proposition in the first instance have not been
heard from for some time.
Mr. THURMAN. Unless the Senate is dis-
posed to discuss the subject now, I uojiot de-
sire to go into it. It is a very large subject. In
my judgment it opens up the whole question
of granting subsidies to mail steamers ; for the
subsidy in every case isgranted upon the theory
of their carrying the mails, which is a fiction,
or will be, nine times out of ten. _ If you have
so much money that you can give one, two,
three, four, five, or it may be ten millions a
year to these steamships : in other words, if you
are prepared to stimulate the embarkation of
capital in business that will not pay and make
up the losses of an unprofitable business out
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 260.
of the Treasury of the United States—if yon are
prepared to go into that question, well and
good; let us go into it. But I assure the Sen-
ator that although this appears to be a very
modest entering wedge, }t 'till have to be dis-
missed, within reasonable limits at least; and
therefore if Senators are not disposed to take'
Up a bill which will lead to extended discus-
sion, I suggest that this bill be passed over in
order that we may go on with something else
that we can dispose of this evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio move that the bill be passed
over?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, air.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
not debatable.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator withhold the
motion for one moment?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. 1 suggest that this is a ques-
tion as to whether we shall pay the postages to
foreign shiji-owners or to our own ship-owners.
Though it is, in one sense, money out of the
Treasury of the United States, yet it is money
that has to be pai>d to somebody for carrying
the mails across the Atlantic; and I think upon
reflection my friend from Ohio will agree that
it is better that these payments should be made
to our own ship-owners than to foreign ship-
owners. I will not enter into any discussion
at this time of tho question of subsidies. That
is not now before the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I havo only to say in
reply to the Senator's suggestions, that I am as
much a friend of our own ship-owners and our
own sliip-builders and those who run our ships
as any man can be ; but I am not willing t,o
pay the losses of an unprofitable business out
of the Treasury of the United States ; and if
1 cannot show, whenever tho Senate takes up
this bill, that this bill is of that character, that
it is in effect a subsidy bill, then 1 shall with-
draw my opposition to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does not the Senator from
Ohio know that at this time we pay to foreign
ships just as much as this bill proposes to give
to our own ships ?
Mr. McDONALD. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will withdraw his objection so as to allow
me to present my substitute for this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not hear the Senator.
Mr. McDONALD. I say I hope the Sen-
ator will withdraw his objection so as to allow
me to present nay substitute for tho pending bill.
Mr. TIIUIIMAN. If the Senator wishes to
address the Senate, of course I will withdraw
my motion, because the motion is not debata-
ble ; but if the Senator does not desire to ad-
dress the Senate, then I insist on my motion.
Mr. McDONALD. I desire to offer an
amendment 
Mr. KELLOGG. I hardly think tho Sen-
ator from Ohio understands the desire of the
Senator from Arkansas. 1 understand that the
Senator from Arkansas only desires to substi-
tute his bill, to have it entered on the Calendar
under the number of the present bill.
Mr. THURMAN. To that I have no objec-
tion, certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas now moves a substitute for the pend-
ing bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. That, then, brings up the
question, if he proposes to substitute for this
bill the amendment which I suppose he intends
to offer 
Mr. FERRY. I ask the Senator to allow
the amendment to be reported. I should like
to hear it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the Senator from Arkansas pre-
sents this amendment in lieu of the substitute
originally reported from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Puoads, with the consent of
the committee. It will therefore be regarded
as from the committee.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make one in-
quiry. Is fhe substitute offered by the Senator
from Atjcaasas what is printed with'this bill as
from the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads 1
JJr. McDONALD. It is the substitute Re-
ported for Senate bill No. 338. '
Mr. THURMAN. Senate bill No. 171,
marked " reported by Mr. Ramsey, with amend-
ments, namely, strike out the parts in brackets
and insert the parts printed in italics," is the
bill now before the Senate, and there is a sub-
stitute for it reported by the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. McDONALD. I move lo strike out all
after the enacting clause of the original bill
and to insert what I send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas stated, but the Senator from Ohio
did not hear him probably, that the committee
had allowed him to present his substitute in
lieu of the one they reported a year ago.
Mr. THURMAN. -Then the substitute of
the committee printed with this bill is not
before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not before
the Senate. The Senator from Arkansas states,
as the Chair understands him, that the substi-
tute he now proposes has received the assent
of the committee in lieu of the one they origin-
ally reported.
Mr. THURMAN. I havo no objection to
the substitute being reported; but I do object
to a discussion of it unless the Senate is fully
prepared lo go into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine [Mr. _ Hamlin] was recognized by the
Chair, but yielded to allow the substitute to be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the original bill and to insert the following
in lieu thereof:
That for tho purpose of aiding a regular lino of
steamships under the national Hag, on routes herein-
after named, tho Postmaster General be, and he is
li ereby, authorized and directed to cnl er in to contracts
with I he Mediterranean and Oriental Steam Naviga-
tion Company of Now York, a corporation existing
under tho laws of said State,with tho following-named
persons as a board of commissioners: Joseph Mcdill,
Georgo 13. Loring, Horace Greeley, Erastus Brooks,
at large; Addisou 1'. Jones, of New York: Benjamin
Mills, of New Jersey: A. (i. Moulton, of Mississippi;
,1. 0. Noycs, of Louisiana ; William C. AViekham, of
Virginia; M. Buriuss, of North Carolina; Benja-
min l'\ Loan, of Missomi; W. L.'L'renholm, of South
Carolina,; M. L. llice, of Arkansas; Allen A. But on, of
Kentucky; J. J. 1 linds, of Alabama; Prank S. Davi",
of Tennessee; William II. Gleason, of Florida; 0.
A. Loehrano, of Georgia; John S. Oarlile, of West ™
Virginia; Nathan Patten, oi Texas, and their success-
ors. for the conveyance of mailsof thoUnitedStates
irom New York, Norfolk. Port Itoyal, or Brunswick,
to ports[of Europe,including Cadiz,Marseilles,Genoa,
and Trieste, and Port Said m Egypt, for a term ol
years, and on conditions hereinafter provided ; and
whenever said company shall navigate its steamships
through the Suez canal, the Post master General shall
contract with said company tor conveyance of mails
of the United States to such ports of the East as may bo
agreed upon, the termination of such mail service to
be in China.
. Sec. 2. And be if further enacted, That the steam-
ships lo bo employed by said company, in the convcy-
auco of mails as aforesaid, shall be of not less than
three thousand tons measurement each, and shall bo
constructed on plans approved by tho Navy Depart-
ment, and to tho acceptance of said Department when
completed, with aviewto adapt all said steamships to
nnvluture requirement of thatDepartment. and shall
be so constructed in, and navigated under the lla£ of
the United States, and officered by citizens thereof,
and shall be firbt-class in all respects, and lilted and
equipped in the most approved manner; and shall
booiganizcdinto and constitutea United Statcsmail
steamship line, lor the sale, speedy, and proper
conveyance of mails, merchandise, and passengers,
and the time of the departures and tho loreign
ports where said mail.', fehall be delivered, and ail
other details, shall be arranged and agreed upon
between said company and the Postmaster General,
with power to change and modify such agreements
as to ports and otherwise, from time to time, as^nay
best promote tho objects in view: Provided, That
the speed of such steamships shall equal tile aver-
age speed of steamships ol the same class and ton-
nage. now, or herealter, employed between tile Uni-
ted States and Europe. And the Government oi
the United States shall bo entitled to hare trans
porfed, free of expense, on each and every steamer,
a, mail agent to take charge of and arrange the mail
matter, to whom suitable accommodations lor tii.it
purpososhall be assigned. And m the time ol wi'i-iu-
public danger the Secretary ot the Navy is iiorcoy
