1BI4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15s
of New York upon these duplex affidavits, so
to speak, the party is placed ou the register
and his vote is received.
This provision of law relates to parties com-
ing forward to vote whose names are not on the
registry. They are not only required to make
tliu usual affidavits themselves bat procure each
a credible witness, himself a voter and house-
holder, swearing substantially to the same facts
affirmed under oath by the party seeking to cast
a vote. By that means these parties proved
and vindicated their right to vote and did vote,
and voted at a Republican polling place, and
now their right to vote is challenged and the
votes cast by them are challenged before this
House upon the suggestion of the gentleman
from Tennessee. I submit whether their right
is not as clear and as honest as that of any other
men of the same number that have voted at any
place for any party in any congressional con-
test that ever was reviewed before this House.
I come now to the place where the greatest
number of votes is involved, according to the
report of the majority of the committee—Mid-
dletowo, in the town of Wallkill, and the testi-
mony of Crawford and Young. Onewordabout
-them. . It is said that Crawford was placed ou
the stand by Greene, and: is therefore his wit-
ness. . True, he was placed on the stand by the
sitting member to. prove facts which no other
person could testily, to^and in part he testifies
tt> them and in part evades them. His own
testimony, sustained by the testimony of oth-
era, discloses ther fact that he and this same
Colonel Young were members of the Repub-
lican committee on naturalization in the town
of Middletowa during this campaign, and that
they were engaged in securing fraudulent Be-
publicati naturalization papers, -some from the
city of New York and some from Poughkeepsie;
that those papers came to their town, and that
at least one of these parties stood as challenger
at the polls and challenged every doubtful Dem-
ocratic voter, while parties holding fraudulent
naturalization papers, but- who were Repub-
licans in politics, voted before his face without
being challenged. But what does he disclose
as to Democratic frauds? Crawford says that
there were sixty or seventy naturalization
papers voted on that had been issued in New
York city. Very well. Others say that there
were some forty papers voted on which had
been issued in the county of Orange. Very
well. Does the fact that some papers were
issued in New York city and some in Orange
county affect the legality of the vote, unless
some affirmative fact be presented in proof
that shall invalidate the particular paper iu
question?
Sir, this challenging a fact because it hap-
pens in a certain place reminds me of some-
thing which I will relate, provided my col-
league from the Chicago district [Mr. Judd]
is not present. In one of our courts iu Illi-
nois, not long ago, a deposition was presented
as bearing on a case, and the party against
whom the deposition had been taken examined
it for a moment and then entered a motion
upon the record to quash the whole proceed-
ing and to strike the deposition from the files.
When called upon by the court for his grounds
for such a motion, he stated that he had but
one reason in the world, and he did not think
any other would be necessary, but that when-
ever the court inspected the papers and found
that the deposition was taken, executed, sub-
scribed, and certified in the city of Chicago, he
thought the court would throw it ont as being
bad in itself from the influences which must
have surrounded it and from the very locality
from which it emanated.
Now, if the House intends to say that every
naturalization paper issued in Orange county
must be illegal because it comes from there,
and that every paper issued in New York city
must be contaminated with fraud because there
have been fraudulent naturalizations there in
years gone by, they ought to say so plainly,
. and provide by act of Congress, if they think
they have the power so to do, for depriving the
Courts of those two places of the tight to act on
the subject of naturalization at all. But these
very parties in their cross-examination, which
will be found in the one case on page 168 and
in the other oil page 187, when questioned as
to the number of illegal votes they knew to have
been cast, narrow it down to 3 votes instead
of hundreds, as stated by the gentlemen who
made the majority report in this case, and
Young specifically admits some illegal Repub-
lican voting at this same place.
I come now to Cochecton. I have witnessed
a great deal of ingenuity in preparing cases for
trial in court; but we have an example of cler-
ical ingenuity here that surpasses anything I
ever heard of before in my life. A set of men
get together after the votiug is done, examine
a certain poll-list, and get a clerk, a Mr. Ward
by name, to make a copy of certain names
which they think are there of men who are not
legal voters. Mr. Ward makes that copy of
twenty six names. He makes it so that no
man on earth would recognize any one name.
He makes it so that no party whose name was
on the poll-list and was copied on to that list
could recognize his name. He then takes that
list to parties living in various parts of the
township and asks, " Do you know a man of
the name of So-and so?" "No, I do not."
"Do you?" "No." "Do you?" "No."
Why, sir, nobody knows him, and therefore
he must be an illegal voter. Yet when you
come to the truth of the matter his name is
copied badly, that is all. When you consult
the poll-list and the numbers on the poll-list
a disclosure is made which would be really
amusing if it were not so serious and important
in its bearing upon this case.
Let us look at the explanation of this matter.
Men have had their names copied—the record
shows the fact, and the poll-list vindicates what
I say—they have had their names copied by an
ignorant clerk who did not understand enough
of the English language to spell correctly. The
names have been transformed into something
which the parties themselves would hardly
recognize. Here is some of the testimony of
S. T. Pendell, bearing upon the subject:
" Question. Were you present at the examination
of witnesses held at the house of Ellery F. Calkins
on the behalf of Mr. Van Wyck, and heard the wit-
nesses, or some of them upon that occasion, exam-
ined with reference to a list of voters on schedule
marked Q, which was there put in evidence on the
part of the contestant, Mr. Van Wyck?
"Answer. I was there the last forenoon the evi-
dence was taken.
" Question. That list purported to contain the
names of twenty-six persons, whom it was alleged or
testified to by the witnesses for contestant, who voted
in that election district or town at the last general
election, and that they were unknown to the wit-
nesses so testifying, did it not ?
"Aimoer. l was not present when the list was pro-
duced. I saw the list, and it contained the names as
stated in the question.
" Question. It' was also testified that these persons
voted the Democratic ticket, was it not?
' 'Answer. I did not hear any one testify to any such
thing. I heard that it had been, and I was famished
with the list of these twenty-six names.
" Question. Didyou compare that list with the poll-
list of that election district?
"Answer. I did.
" Question. Did you find upon the poll-list names
corresponding in sound, and generally. With these
twenty-six names?
" Answer. Yes, sir; I did. .
" Question. There was a name on that list, pro-
duced on schedule G, Charles It. Farker, was there
not?
" Answer. There was.
" Question. Did you find on the poll-list the name
of Charles H. Parker?
"Answer. I did not upon the poll-list filed in the
town clerk's office. I had a copy of the poll-list kept
by G. 8. Peters, on the day of the election; a mem-
ber of the board, certified by him to bo a correct
copy of the voters voting at. that election district,
By comparing tho name with the name upon tho
poll-list filed, and referring to the one kept by Pe-
ters, numbers of the names, Parker and Farker being
the same."
This witness compared the list of 20 voters
prepared by this Thomas S. Ward, a clerk of
the election, as those who had voted illegally,
and he found that corresponding names were
on the poll-listand while the name Farker is
not found on the poll-list, the name Parker
is found there, and he is shown to have voted
for Charles H. Van Wyck ; and the facts relat-
ing to the whole list of twenty-six names are
similar throughout. The witness is asked this
question, and gives this answer :
" Question. On schedule G there was tho name of
Augustus Heistcr, was there not V
"Answer. There was.
" Question. What was the corresponding name on
tho poll-list?
" Ansioer. Augustus Uinker."
Yet this man's vote is to be excluded because
a fool could not copy his name correctly from
a plainly written poll-list. Brown is trans-
formed into Bowen, and yet twenty-six names
arc proposed to be thrown out because Bowen
figures where Brown ought to be. Did anybody
ever before hear of so unreasonable a proposi-
tion as to throw out twenty-six legal voters
because some one in copying their names
spelled some of them incorrectly ? Not a man
upon the list is not recognized by some one as
a legal voter whose name is misspelled. The
corresponding numbers ou the poll-list, when
examined, show to whom each one of these
misspelled names really belong.
Mr. STILES. It is now after four o'clock.
If the gentleman will yield to me 1 will move
that the House now adjourn.
Mr. BURR. It is true I have been speaking
for an hour and twenty minutes, but the last
twenty minutes have been by courtesy of the
House. It is for the House to determine if I
shall proceed.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope we will proceed
and get along with the case as far as possible
to-day.
Mr. BURR. Very well; I will proceed to
the examination of another point which has
been brought forward in this case. The charge,
as I have seen it presented in the papers in this
case, is that one of the inspectors of election
at the voting place of Cochecton changed some
of the tickets presented. Now, what are the
facts in that case ?
One of the inspectors of that voting place,
when placed on the witness-stand swore that
there was not a particle of truth in that state-
ment. He says that he playfully told some one
to give him a bunch of tickets and he would
pnt them in, but in fact he merely put in the
tickets he himself was entitled to vote j that
those were the only tickets he pat in except
those he as inspector received from other peo-
ple as voters.
I feel I am trespassing upon the indulgence
of the House, but I have come to the last
point I propose to name. I want for a mo-
ment to review the summing up of the case as
presented by the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Bdtleii] on behalf of the majority of the
committee. He says the eontestee received
490 illegal votes. Let us Bee how strong is the
proof of that illegal voting.
The first suggestion is that out of more than
eight hundred naturalized persons, naturalized
within two months of a very exciting election
for President, members of Congress, and Gov-
ernor, to say nothing of the other offices that
were to be tilled, " it is safe to infer that those
eight hundred persons voted, and voted for the
contestee."
Sir, it is an inference; and when he comes
to summing up from one poll to another, that
summing up can have no greater degree of cer-
tainty than that which attaches to the whole
subject, and that degree of certainty is ouly
an "inference."
One hundred and forty illegal. vote3 are
alleged to have been cast in the first ward ot
Newburg; yet tho testimony says it is a fair
election, and t'.ie Republican inspector himseH
says that it was fairly conducted; that it was
done "upon the square;" that there was no
wrong so far a« he observed. The majority in
their reportSum up 496 votes which they charge
to be illegal, and these are allot' the character
I have designated. Among these is one list ot
fifty, and the man who presents it states tlm
he became satisfied by investigation that all but
