4146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#
June 6,
authorized and empowered to take, possessipn of
any and all steamships employed under the provis-
ions of this act, and use them in the service of the
U nited States, and the said company shall be allowed
and paid a fair compensation for any steamship so
taken, or the Secretary of the Navy shall have the
option to purchase said steamships at an appraised
cash value.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts
for the conveyance of the mails authorized to be
made under the provisions of this act, shall be for a
period of not less than twenty years, and the com-
mencement of said mail services shall be entered
iipon by said company within one year and six
months from tho date of said contracts, and shall be
at first, by a weekly departure of said mails, one
doparture every third week from Norfolk, and the
other weekly departures from Port Royal or Bruns-
wick, and from New York, with provisions in said
contracts forthe subsequent conveyance of the mails
semi-weekly from Norfolk, semi-weekly from Port
Royal or Brunswick, and tri-weekly from Now York.
in whole or in part, from one or all of said ports; and
the consideration and full payment to said company
for con veyanceof mails as aforesaid.shall be the postal
money on all mail matter conveyed by the steamships
of said compaAy during the period aforesaid, in con-
formity to the act of Congress ot June 15, I860, which
shall belong to, and be payable quarterly to said
company; and the steamships of said company shall,
during the existence of said contracts, be exempt
from duties and port charges; and Congress may
reduce at any time the rates of postage, without cre-
ating a right upon the part of said company to de-
mand further compensation than the postal money
on the mails conveyed by its steamships.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General shall receive, in the name and on
behalf of said company, from any of the following
States, West Virginia, Virginia, South Carolina,
North Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Texas, the authorized bonds and se-
curities of any of said States, bearing inteiest pay-
able semi-annually, and the principal thereof pay-
• able in not less than ten years, deposited with the
Post Office Department by any of said States, issued
pursuantto any act or Acts of the Legislatures thereof,
made in that behalf, id form a fund for the sole use
and benefit of said company, to aid in promoting
emigration from Europe; and any corporation, cre-
ated by the Legislature of any ot the said States in-
terested in introducing emigrants from Europe, may
in like manner aid in forming a fund as aforesaid, by
depositing m the name and on behalf of said com-
pany, with the Post Ottiee Department, bonds and
securities of each or any of the afoiesaid States, the
interest and principal of which shall be payable as
before named; and all such deposits shall be made
in amounts of not less than $100,000 lor each deposit,
and when any such State bonds and securities are
presented for deposit as aforesaid, the Postmaster
General shall receive and hold the same, for and
iu behalf of said company, and shall receive tho
interest and principal of all of such State bonds and
securities deposited as aforesaid, and shall apply
the same to the payment of the interest and prm-
cipal of tho corporate certificates of indebtedness
of said company, authorized to be issued in pursu-
ance of its oharter, as the same shall be due aud
payable; and for the protection of tho holders
thereof, such certificates shall be registered at the
Post Office Department from time to time on pre-
sentation thereof by said company, in amouuts
oqualto thatof thoState bonds andseeuritiesrefpect-
, ively deposited as aforesaid; and such registiation
?FhaU be certified by indorsement thereon, which in-
dorsement shall stipulate to pay tho interest and
principal of such registered certificates of indebted-
ness to the holders thereof as tho same shall be due
and payable: Provided, That tho rate of interest
upon tho certificates of indebtcdnefs presented for
registration and indorsement by said company shall
not exceed the rate of interest upon tho State bonds
and securities deposited in its behalf, and tho prin-
cipal thereof shall not bo due and payable until
after the principal of said State bonds and securities
is due and payable: And provided further, That all
such deposits of State bonds and securities shall bo
made within five years from the passage of this act;
aud no part of this act shall be construed to author-
ise any liability on the part ot tho United States or
Post Office Department, except as a trustee of the
State bonds deposited as aforesaid ; and should the
said deposits on the liquidation and conversion of
the same not equal the total of tho interest and prin-
cipal of said registered certificates of indebtedness,
on the final payment of the same by the Post Office
Department, such deficiency shall be due from and
payable by said company, on demand thereof by the
Postmaster General j and the said company, in order
f/> secure the United States from loss by any such
defieit, shall execute a first mortgage hen, in the
usual form, upon each and every of its ?teamships, as
the same are completed and registered, to the Post-
master General, which lien shall bedischargedupon
the payment in full by said company of any such
deficit to the Post Oifice Department; and should
the intcrcston any portion of the State bonds and
securities deposited not be paid when due and pay-
able according to the terras thorcef4the Postmaster
General shall, fiom time to time, retain go much of
the postal money duo said company under the pro-
visions of'thi< act ds will meet such deficit. ij
,S£C. Ami be it Jn/ther rnactpd, That «<aid eou}- li
pas y ,^ha.Ji provide comfortable, wull-Ughred, and ll
well-ventikikd apartments in all jrc> steamships for I!
all passenger:5, and proper accommodations !<><• both .j
sexc&', and aiu} tuat said company ihall employ, at ^
its own cost, at least one skillful physician and sur-
geon, and one assistantphysicianon each steamship.
And the said company and its officers and employes
shall be subject to all the provisions of the acts of
Congress in sueh case made and provided, for the
transportation of immigrant and other passengers.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted. That the said com-
pany shall erect and provide near their docks, in the
ports of Norfolk, Port Royal, or Brunswick, suitable
immigrant depots and houses, with inclosing walls,
for the reception and protection of immigrants from
Europe on landing; and for the purpose of dis-
tinguishing at all times the officers, apprentices,
and employes of said company, they shall wear
conspicuously the badge or uniform which may be
adopted by said company, and no persons other than
the officers of theUnited States or officers of the State
wherein the steamship of the company may be shall
visit, or go alongside, or on board of any of said
steamships on arrival in port, during the time any
immigrants or their effects shall remain on board
thereof, nor shall enter the inclosed depots, houses,
or buildings of said company : And provided further,
That said company and its officers and employes
shall in all respects be subject to the provisions of
the lawsof the State wherein such depots are situated.
Sue. 7. And be it further enacted, That for the pur-
pose ot training and educating seamen and engi-
neers, capable of being employed in the service of
the United States, said company shall maintain upon
each of its mail steamships at least one male minor
as apprentice for every two hundred registered tons
of said ships, who shall be instructed in seamanship,
steam-engineering,andnavigation, by said company,
and the name of every such apprentice shall be duly
entered in the shipping articles of the steamship on
which ho may serve as an apprentice, and when dis-
charged from the service of said company shall re-
ceive a diploma, signed by the president and secre-
tary thereof, setting forth the age, time of service,
rating in the ships of the company, and qualifications
as a seaman, steam-engineer, and navigator: Pro-
vided, That such apprentices, shall not be indentured
under tho ago of sixteen years, and shall be sons of
citizens of the United States; and the company and
such apprentices shall, respectively, be subject to all
the provisions of the acts of Congress enacted for the
government and treatment ot seamen.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That upon pro-
posals in writing being made at any time by said
company to the Secretary of tho Navy, for tho pur-
chase, for a specified sum, of any steamship, hull, or
vessel belonging to the United States, and which
may be considered unsuitable for naval purposes by
the Navy Department, the Secretary of the Navy is
hereby authorized and directed to cause such steam-
ship, hull, or vessel to bo appraised, and the com-
mercial value thereof determined by a competent
board of officers appointed for that purpose: and in
the event of such appraised value not exceeding the
amount of tho written proposal made by said com-
pany, the Secretary of the Navy shall, upon pay-
ment in lawful money of the United States ot the
amount so proposed, sell, convey, and transfer such
steamship, hull, or vessel to said company; but in
the event of such appraised value exceeding the
amount stated iu the proposal of Said company, the
Secretary of the Navy shall cause said steamship,
hull, or vessel, after thirty days' advertisement, to
be sold for the highest bid at public auction : Pro-
vided, That the amountof such highest bid shailnot
be less than the amount stated in the written pro-
posal previously made by said company.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the rights
and privileges herein granted shall be and remain
to said company, and any assignment or transfer of
the same shall be null and void, it being the intent
and meaning of this act to securo an American line
of steamships for the transportation of mails and
merchandise, and for the proper conveyance of immi-
grant passengers to the United States, upon the
routes herein indicated; and Congress at any time
hereafter, having a due regard to the accrued rights
of said company, may alter, am end, or aunul any or
all contracts made under this act.
Before the reading was concluded,
Mr. THUIiMAN. I appeal to the Senator
from Arkansas to let the vote be taken on the
motion to pass- over this bill, so that if the
Senate should be of that opinion we may save
the time necessary to read this long bill.
Mr. McDONALD. I hope it will be read
through.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator has attained
his object. I understood his object was to have
his amendment placed on the Calendar. It is
not necessary to read it.
Mr. McDONALD. I hope it will be read.
It, is important that it should be considered.
Air. TIIUBMAN. ■ If, after it is read, the
Senate should then postpone it, we should just
lose the half hour occupied iu reading this Ion*
bill. a
Mr. McDQNALD. It must necessarily be
read, ot course. j
_ )ir. COLE. It will have to be read at, so mo j
t,iu;o, and ■; ' well be read now as at any
otuer pei ,od. Kvury bill has to be read thioush
under I he' rule"!
!, '.n \y ii ,  
to
*ar. 1 Out wo should like
have it read when we wish to discuss it; but
now,- when we come to discuss it, it will have
to be read again.
Mr. COLE. If it is read now we shall
remember it.
Mr. THURMAN. That is not very likely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the amendment.
The Chief Clerk resumed, aud continued
the reading of the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Arkansas.
Mr. McDONALD. In order to allow the
Senator from Ohio time to examine this bill,
I move that it be passed over informally.
The motion was agreed to. ,
punishment of crimes.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 26) to further define and amend an
act for the punishment of crimes against the
United States.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that that bill
be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
claims of massachusetts and 51aine.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 232) to refund to the States of Massa-
chusetts and Maine interest paid by them on
advances to the United States, and to provide
for the defense of the northeastern frontier.
Mr. POMEROY. That is a subject that we
cannot take up to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly we can. Why
should we not consider it?
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the bill be
passed over. We cannot consider it to-night.
Mt\ SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts knows what debate we have had on
this measure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is ob-
jected to.
Mr. SUMNER. Does not the Senator
know that since that debate a report has been
made 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the Sen-
ator from Kansas withdraws the motion to pass
over, the Senator from Yermont objects to
debate.
Mr. POMEROY. A will withdraw the motion
long enough for an explanation.
Mr. SUMNER. Since the debate to which
the Senator refers, where, if he remembers,
the argument was on one side and the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] on the
other——
Mr. EDMUNDS. The vote on the other.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. No; not by any means the
vote on the other side. Since then the whole
subject has been under consideration in the
committee, and you have the result in a report
which is on your table, dated April 1, 1800.
Mr. CHANDLER. Who made the report?
Mr. SUMNER. It is entitled as follows:
' Mr. sumner made the following report, to
accompany Senate bill No. 232." The Sen- '
-tor from Michigan smiles; but I will say to
the Senator there is not an argument that he
used, there is not an argument that can be
used against this bill, which is not answered
in this report, completely, in advance. My
friend from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] is a Mas-
sachusetts man by birth. I have always hailed
him from Massachusetts. He proposes to pass
over this mil: and yet he knows nothing of this
report. The whole subject is fully considered
in it, and every objection answered. I am
ready, the Senator from Maine [Mr. IIamlin]
is ready, other Senators are ready to meet the
case now. Why, therefore, should it be passed
over.' Why is it on the Calendar? Why are
we here to-night if we should not act upon it?
. Mr. CHANDLER, lhave known tins claim
iur thirteen years. It, has a very familiar asptot
to me. I have the books here, and am per-
