THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
The Secretary read the communication of the
Secretary of State, as follows:
Department of State,
washington, November 3,1869.
Sir : The inclosed letter of bis Excellency Gilbert
C. Walker, Governor of the State of Virginia, dated
October 26, 1869, addressed to the honorable the
President of the Senate of the United States, and
inclosing certificates of the election of two Senators
of the United States from that State, has been,
through mistake it is presumed, delivered to and
opened by the President of the United States, who
n as referred the same to this Department. Jn accord-
ance with its address, I have the honor to transmit
u erewith the letter and its inelosares to you.
HAMILTON ETSH.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Vice President, &c.
The credentials of the election of John F.
Lewis for the long term and John W. John-
ston for the short term, to fill vacancies in the
representation of Virginia in the Senate of the
United States, were read.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the creden-
tials be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that as yet there are no committees.
None have been appointed at this session.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend from
Michigan that for the present the credentials lie
on the table until the committees are formed;
Mr._ HOWARD. Very well. I move that
they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
resignation op mb. grimes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
i?rllt^ to ®en^e t'ie resignation of James
W. Gbimes, Senator from the State, of Iowa,
to take effect this day, which will be read by
the Secretary,
The Secretary read as follows:
Paris, A ugv.it 11, 1869.
bin: I beg leave to herewith, notify you of my
resignation as a Senator of the United States from
tlio fetate of Iowa, to take effect on Monday, the 6th
day of December nest.
„ JAMES W. GRIMES,
lo the President of the Senate of the Unitecl.States.
The resignation was ordered to lie on the
table.
notification to tub house.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary inform tho House of
Kcpresentativea that a quorum of tho Senate has
to^buskic^s a that the feenate is ready to proceed
notification to tub i'jiesidknt.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
® co.mrait'ee. consisting of two
members, be, appointed, to join such committee as
inay bo appointedby tho House of Representatives,
to wait upon tho President of tho United States and
inform him that a Quorum of each House has assem-
bled and that Congress is ready to receive any com-
munication he may be pleased to make.
By unanimous consent the Vice President
was authorized to appoint the committee, and
Messrs. Wilson andTnuiuuN were appointed.
hour of meeting.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
^iat the hour of tho daily meeting of the
Senate bo twelve o clock m. until otherwise ordered.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CAMERpN. I have been requested to
present a petition from citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, who pray the Congress of the United
states to accord to the infant republic of Cuba
the lights of a belligerent Power, and to recog-
nize her independence. This paper is signed
by a very large number of persons, a few of
whose names I will mention, as they are among
the most respectable people of Philadelphia
and Pennsylvania: John Price Wetherill, John
Hickman, James H. Campbell, Charles S.
Ogden, Edward Penington, jr., Robert R.
Corson Thomas T. Tasker, Henry G. Morris,
Joseph W. Bullock, George Morrison Coates,
and Andrew M. Eastwick. There are alto-
gether thirty thousand signatures to this peti-
tion. 1 will only say now that I heartily agree
witj the wishes of these distinguished and
respectable citizens. I hope to see Cuba very
soon enjoy the rights which belong to an inde-
pendent Power. This petition is signed so
largely, there being thirty thonsand names ap-
pended to it, that I can do no more than send
it to the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
committees as yet, the petition will lie on the
table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Ann Holmes Allen, widow of Samuel Allen, a
soldier of-the revolutionary war, .praying for
arrears of pension,-; which -was ordered; to lie
on the-table. • ,
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying for an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States recognizing Al-
mighty God as the source of all authority and
power in civil government and the Lord Jesus
Christ as the ruler among the nations; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Clark Hall,
of Ohio, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
for a pension ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr.- President, I hold" in
my hand a memorial of- Mrs. Mary Perkins
Linton, of-theStatfi of Louisiana. She.alleges
that she is and always has been,loyal to the
Government; that in.the years 1862.and'1863
a large amount of her property was taken, by
the Government, of the United States through
its Army and appropriated to the use of. the
Govern men t, for which she asks compensation.
There is also accompanying the memorial cer-
tain evidence, together wjth aschedule of the
property, taken. I ask that the memorial may
lie on the, table until the appropriate commit-
tee shall be appointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on
the table for the present.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
Catharina Weber, widow of Sylvester Dreyer,
praying that a pension granted to her under
special act of Congress while-a widow may be
transferred to her minor children-; which was
ordered to lie.on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG-presented the petition of T.
A. Washington, of San-Antonio, Texas, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities :
which was ordered to lie on. the table.
. ■Tke_yiCE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of chiefs and headmen of the Sacs and
I'oxes and Iowa-tribes of Indians.at the Ne-
maha agenoy( Nebraska, praying that the
treaty of February, 1869, by. which their lands
were ceded to certain railroad companies, may
not be ratified; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented the petition of Marcus
Bernhard, praying that the. Prussian Govern-
ment be requested to return a fine of fifty
thalers-imposed upon him ; which was ordered
to lie on tho table.
organization of the house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Edward McPhebson,
its Clerk, as follows:
Mr. President, I have been directed to in-
<?.rlS Senate that a quorum of the House
of Representatives has assembled, and that
™ °rjSe 1S n,0W readyt0 proceed to business,
ine House has passed a resolution directing
the appointment of a committee on the part of
the House, to join such committee as may be
appointed on the part of the Senate, to wait
on the President ot the United States and in-
form him that a quorum of the two Houses has
assembled, and that Congress is ready to re-
ceive any communication he may be pleased to
make, and has appointed Mr. R. C. Schenck
i ™ Daw_es of Massachusetts,
and Mr. George W. Woodward of Pennsyl-
vania, the committee on the part of the House.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
* ?sk leave lo introduce a
Din without having given notice.
to?it6r^|being leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 274) furthe? to de- I
fine and regulate the jurisdiction and powers
of the courts of the United States.
Mr. DRAKE. As the bill is short I ask that
it may be read through.
The Secretary read as follows :
A bill further to define and regulate the jurisdiction
and powers of the courts of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Conore** as-
sembled, That no court created by an act of Congress,
or judge thereof, shall have power in any case lo ad-
judge or hold any act or joint resolution of Oongi ess
invalid, irr whole or in part, for any supposed rcpu g-
nancy between such act or joint resolution and the
Constitution of the United States, or for any supposed
" want of "authority in saidConstitution for the same,*
nor shall the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court of the United States be construed to authorize
that court in any case now pending or hereafter
brought before it to affirm any order, judgment, or
decree of any inferior United States court, or of any
State court, which shall appear to have been based
upon any such adjudging or holding; but every such
order, judgment, or decree shall for that cause be-
reversed, vacated, and annulled; nor shall any jus-
tice of said Supreme Court, in furtherance of the
exercisc of such appellate jurisdiction, make any
order or authorize or issue any writ or process or take
any proceeding based upon any such adjudging 01
holding bv him or by the said Supreme Court.
Mr. DRAKE. The bill having now had its
first reading, I ask that it be read a second
time.
The 'VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will bie read a second time.
The bill was read the second time by its title.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, this bill is the
result- of protracted investigation on my part "
of a grave constitutional question ; and I de-
sire, before the bill goes to any committee, to
have the opportunity of addressing the Senate
in support of the bill, and laying before the
Senate the results of my investigations on this
subject. I therefore, if there be no objection
on the part of the Senate, would ask that this
bill be laid on the table and printed, and be
made the SDecial order for Monday next at one
o'clock. j
. Mr. TRUMBULL. I- have no sort of ob-
jection to its being laid on the table and
printed, but certainly I shall object to iis
being made a special order for the action of
the Senate until it has received the consider-
ation of some one of its committees. If the
Senator from Missouri wishes to address the
Senate upon it certainly there will be no
objection to that; but I do not think it should
be made a special order at this stage of the
session.
Mr. DRAKE. I supposed that this was the
very stage of the session at which making
the bill a special order-would interfere with
nothing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the Senator's
object in having it made a special order? Does
he expect to get action on the bill at that
time?
Mr. DRAKE. Not at all, sir. I merely
desire the opportunity of addressing the Senate
m support of the bill before its reference to a
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To that I apprehend
there will be no member of the Senate who
will object whenever it will suit the Senator
from Missouri^ to address the Senate; but I
hope his bill will not be made a special order
Mr. DRAKE. Then I ask that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed to Mon-
day next at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
ordered to be printed, and if there be no objec-
tion it will be so postponed. The Chair hears
no objection to that course.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution : which were
severally read twice by their titles, and ordered
to lie on the table* and be printed ;
A bill (S. No. 275) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Columbia river to Great Salt Lake ;
A bill (S. No. 276) to vacate and sell the
Umatilla reservation in the State of Oregon ;
A bill (S. No. 277) to establish a collection
district m the State of Oregon ;
