8202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his amendment and I wul renew it.
Mr. CESSNA. After this discussion I shall
object to any further withdrawal of that amend-
ment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I renew it. Mr. Chair-
man. it is well to inquire, in order that the com-
mittee may have some information in regard to
this question, what amount of supply of Besse-
mer steel there is in the markets of the world,
and what is the demand as well. Now, I under-
take to say that the demand for iron rails, or
rails of iron or steel, in the United States is
not less than 900,000 tons per annum. I under-
take to say, further, that the Bessemer steeL
works in the United States have not to day the
capacity to supply over 100,000 tons per an-
num. Hence, if worely alone on American pro-
duction, as regards Bessemer steel we have the
capacity in the United States to produce only
one ninth of the amount we require for the
construction of new roads and the repair of
old ones.
Whatistheamount of production in Europe ?
The amount of production in all Europe will
not exceed 600.000 tons of Bessemer steel,
probably not more than 400,000 tofts. I state
the facts as I have them, that the aggregate
production will not exceed 500,000 tons in
Europe. Hence, if Bessemer steel be sub-
stituted for iron rails in the construction of
railroads we cannot look to the foreign mar-
ket entirely and alone for an adequate supply,
And the point I make on this state of faets is
this: as the Representatives of the American
people, not of commerce alone, not of the
interest of manufactures alone, not of agri-
culturists aloue, but as the representatives of
all the interests of the American people, we
must legislate so as not to destroy this great
interest of the United States and leave us at
the mercy of the European manufacturers.
Why? Because if we do so legislate we will
leave to Europe the monopoly of the produc-
tion ; then the price would advance. Because
our production is not equal to the demand for
Bessemer steel, which is rapidly superseding
the use of iroa in the construction of rail-
roads.
Let ns understand the history of this manu-
facture. Jn 1864, when the first works were
established in the United States, Bessemer
steel in the city of New York was worth $160
.gold a ton. The tariff of 45 per cent, ad
valorem levied by Congress resulted in the
protection to the American manufacturer of
$88 a ton in currency.
Mr. KELLEY. The duty wa3 paid in gold.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I know that; but it
amounted to $88 a ton in currency. Now,
when Bessemer steel rails are reduced in value
to about $50 a tg  in Europe, 45 per cent, ad
valorem makes about $22 a ton instead of $88
a ton, which was the rate when the American
interest was first established. In our action
in reference to the American interest we must
regard the market in Europe.
Mr.FARNSWORTH. 1 hope my colleague
will now tell ns what he is for.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will tell you what I
am for. As the interest in the United States
advanced in its producing power we find the
price of Bessemer steel was reduced; when the
price was redu«ed from $150 to $130, yet there
was a protection of $67 to the American man-
ufacturer. This reduction has been steadily
going on in the price of Bessemer steel until
now it is down in Europe to $50 per ton, or
$80 or $85 in New York, which yields a pro-
tection of about $22 a ton. Can we compete
with the European manufacture at that price?
The Committee of Ways and Means say we
cannot. Hence they propose to put the duty
at $44 80. I think it is too high. I think the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] to make it $3G, is also too high.
I think $80 a ton will protect the American
industry so that the American production will
within a few years equal the demand.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to modify my
amendment so as to substitute $30 per ton for
1 cent per pound.
The CHAIRMAN. It may be done by unan-
imous consent. Is there objection?
Mr. DICKEY. I object
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I am sure that every gentleman here must be
impressed with the difficulty of adjusting the
relative rates on different articles in a bill as
comprehensive as this is. We are now called
upon to fix the rate of duty on steel rails. I
desire to call attention, first, to the relation of
steel rails to iron rails, and secondly, to the
relation of ordinary steel to Bessemer steel.
And first, a word or two as to the relation of
this paragraph to iron rails.
Iron rails now cost in the wholesale market
of New York from $60 to $70 in gold per ton,
and Bessemer steel rails about $80 per ton;
their relative cost being in the proportion of
about seven to eight. Now, on iron rails for
railroads, the duty is at present 70 cents per
100 pounds, or $15 68 per ton. The Commit-
tee of the Whole have reduced it to 60 cents,
which would bring it to $13 44 per ton. Well,
if a rail is worth $60 to $70 per ton and we tax
it $13 to $15 per ton, what ought we to tax a rail
that costs about $80 a ton? The tax as it now
stands on Bessemer steel rails is equal to about
$22 per ton. It is proposed in the amendment
of my colleague [Mr. Bingham] to put it at $36
per ton, while, the proposition of the committee
to place it at 2 cents per pound would make it
$44 80 per ton. This seems to me a very high
rate of duty. The invoice price of the rails in
the open market is far less than the $80 per ton
which I have spoken of. I have taken the $80
merely to get a scale of comparison between
the prices of steel rails and iron rails. I believe
at present rates the invoice price of these rails,
as they come into market, is not more than
$49 per ton, and if we leave iron rails at $15 68
per ton it is asking us to make a great disparity
between the value of the two articles to put the
duty on the Bessemer rails up to $44 80 per
ton.
I now call the attention of the committee
for a moment to the material of Bessemer
steel. I object to the clause we are now de-
bating in this respect, that it puts this article
in the category of steel. The last time the
subject was before the House of Representa-
tives for a full and thorough debate a sub-
committee of the Committee of Ways and
Means was sent away to examine the Bessemer
process and ascertain all the facts concerning
it. I was a member of the sub-committee
that made that examination. It was settled
by this House that while we pnt steel in our
bill at 4} and 5 cents per pound, we put Bes-
semer steel rails at 2| cents. In other words,
the Bessemer steel rails were put at about one
half of the duty on steel of the ordinary kinds,
or I might say that we fonnd a midway point
between iron and steel, and put Bessemer steel
there.
Now, by the pending bill Bessemer steel is
classed with steel far above the highest and
best kind of iron, and put up among shear
steel, cast steel, blister steel, and all the other
forms of steel comprehended in this bill. It
seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that when a great
discoverer has brought out a most valuable
article that will probably revolutionize the
whole railroad interest of the world, and which
is valuable not only in its reference to rail-
roads, but for the mass of machinery in the
various forms in which it can be used, we
ought not to elevate it as if it were the highest
kind of the old article of steel. I appreciate the
facts that have been given ns here to show how
this interest is now languishing. I am willing as
acompromisetogivethemsomehelp. Ibelieve
it will be best to fix the duty at least below
what my colleague from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
has proposed, at $36 a ton; but I should not be
content to go higher than that on this article.
iHere the hammer fell.]
Ir. SCHENCK. I move that all debate on
this paragraph be stopped.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope not.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
eighty-five, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
the committee rise. This is too important a
matter to be disposed of in this way.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let us vote on this amend-
ment first and then rise.
The question was put on Mr. Brooks's
motion; and there were—ayes 60, noes 80.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Brooks, of
New York, and Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts,
were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes 78.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question was on Mr. Bingham's amend-
ment to the amendment offered by Mr. Ben-
jamin, to strike out " $36'' and insert "$30."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
move an additional amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. There are two amend-
ments now pending.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 71, noes 60.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Bingham and
Mr. Brooks of New York, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 78, noes 63.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order, and I
make it with all respect to a member of this
House. My point of order is that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mobrell] has
voted on this question^ and it has been shown
by the debate that he is directly interested.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that as a point of order.
Mr. COX. 1 move that the committee rise
and report that fact to the House, with a view
of having a decision of the House on the sub-
ject.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair will announce
the vote. The tellers reported—ayes 78, noes
63. So the amendment to the amendment is
agreed to, and the question recurs on agreeing
to the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benjamin,] as amended.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I demand the
reading of the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. What rule?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The rule in
reference to members voting on questions in
which they are interested.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
" N(member shall voteon any question in the event
of which he is immediately interested."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
there is no evidence whatever of the interest
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mor-
rell] in this question.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The question was put; and there Were—
ayes 60, noes 77.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kelsey ahd
Mr. Eldridge were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported that they were unable to agree in the
count.
The CHAIRMAN thereupon appointed Mr.
Maynard and Mr. Randall as tellers.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 73, noes 71.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; ana the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Committee of the
!!-,
