nrn
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
Senate.
State of Georgia—Mr. Fowler.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
tended only to degrade and corrupt the taste
and morals of the youth. The Governor held
the key that unlocked the door to the guber-
natorial office in his own hands, and he used
it^ without regard to law, justice-, 6r scruples of
conscience. He trod the footsteps of his illus-
trious predecessor and under his guardian care,
sweeping away registers by wholesale, often
for good cause. A few of the upright Union
men supported .him as the only remedy to
rescue, the State from ruin and the tyranny of
the insatiable rings that had seized it. The
disfranchised saw only the recovery of a right
sacred to an American and the preservation of
the proceeds of their labors from a rapacious
and 'predatory crew of tax-gatherers. They
voted not so much against the Republicans as
for liberty, for there is no liberty to a Tennes-
Bean apart from the ballot.
■The election resulted in favor of Governor
Senter, but the great body of the Republicans
supported General Stokes, while a small num-
ber of them, the rings and disorganizes who
had violently defeated the convention in the
choice of a candidate, the Conservatives and
others not voting before under the law of 1807,
voted for Governor Senter. They, the body of
'.he people, looked alone to the emancipation of
the State from an administration effective only
for evil, devoid of moral power and respect.
They gave Governor Senter the office of Gov-
ernor for freedom and escape from financial
ruin; this they considered humiliation enough,
and everywhere rejected his Legislature. The
predatory rings alone supported the movement,
and that with the impulse of famishing wolves.
The Senator from Indiana makes the follow-
ing statement of figures, which, without any
explanation, is calculated to mislead :
"To show tho extent of tho revolution that has
boon effeotod in Tonuossoe sineo last year I refer to
tho election returns. General Grant in 1S6S received
BO,757 votes, and Seymour roeoivod 20,311 Votes.
Grant's mnjoril v was ovor 00,01)0. That was in No-
verabor, lStiS. in August, lHiil), some nine months
uiterwurd, Senter receivod 119,835 votes; Stokes,
0j,l!)fl votes; being within a very fow votes of the
number that Grant reeoivedin 1868. Horo was an
increase of 91,708 votes in nino months, showing a
complete revolution, that theliws of Tennessee had
been broken down, and that tho men disfranchised
by tho laws of Tennessee all voted."
■ Ifthehonorable Sen'atorhad desired he might
have given the vote of 1807, which was for
Brownlow, 74,184; forlitheridge, 22,540. Gen-
eral Grant received 17,800 less than Brownlow,
This docs not even give any idea of the legal
vote of the State; for since the presidential
election of 1868, and just before tho guberna-
torial election of 1809, the supreme court had
decided that all persons that had received cer-
tificates under tho law of 1805 could not be
deprived of tho right of franchise under the
law of 1867; and youths that had arrived of
age since the passage of the law, as well as
immigrant citizens of the United States, were
entitled to vote.
Under Governor Sentcv's predecessor there had boon
registered under the law of 1SG7, as returned from
seventy counties  117.000
The remaining fourtocn counties would havo
returned  23 000
Those entitled to registration under decision
ol supremo court  25,000
youths and immigrants  15,000
Number of persons entitled to registration, 180,000
Tho entire vote of the iState I estimate at
210,000.' Thns there were about 80,000 voters
disfranchised. That many entitled to vote did
not, as the vote cast was only 175,369, I am
satisfied, and that several thousand persons
voted who were disfranchised I am satisfied;
but that 91,000 disfranchised persons voted no
i man will assert who has any knowledge of the
facts. Ibe next position of the Senator is
equally withou* any reliability except just
truth enough to mislead, no doubt from imper-
fect information:
"Four months after that, in December, 1869, an
eleotion was held for nrcinbci'3 of a constitutional
convention. There were seventy-five, members to
be elected. There were 63,630 votes cast. The Union
men did not vot? eicept in small numbers; they
could not. The votes were oast chiefly by rebels;
and of the seventy-five men elected to that conven-
tion sixty-eight had been rebels."
"The Union men conld not vote," says the
Senator. Many of them did not, he might
have said, because they had been advised to
act so by nearly the entire delegation in Con-
gress, while many did vote. Why did he not
say that the only question before the people
was that of "negro suffrage," and that in
nearly every case the "white man's candidate
was defeated?" The convention met; they
made a constitution giving equal rights to all
citizens. The white and the colored voted for
and against the constitution without distinc-
tion. Both elections were conducted in peace
and harmony. At the last, so far as heard
from, there were over 130,000 votes cast. But
rising to a sublime strain of fancy which has
had no realization amid the realities of life, the
Senator says:
"The condition of things in Tennessee could
scarcely be worse than it is. There is a roign of ter-
ror prevailing in almost every county in that State.
A free eloction could not now bo held in that State,
unless perhaps in some portions of Kast Tennessee.
I will not refer particularly to tho Memphis mas-
sacre in 1866, wheresomo tidy men wore killed, some
stoventy or oiehty wounded, some ninety-one dwell-
ings destroyed, and twelve school-houses, and a
great deal of other property."
"A free election could not now be held any-
where in the State except East Tennessee,"
says the Senator, when the only free elections
that have been held in tho State lor ten years
had just been held by all classes, white and
colored, and without a single instance of insult
or a violation of the peace in the entire State.
"A reign of terror in almost every county in
the State." Could audacity defy the truth
more effectually ? Are there no limits to licen-
tious speech? Do neither the sanctity of tho
Senate, the love of country, the dread of pub-
lio disapprobation, the respect of good men,
the desire of true glory, the monitions of con-
science, and the dictates of religion place no
limits upon the glorious liberty of detraction ?
The gravo Senator " will not refer particularly
to the Memphis massacre in I860," yet gives
the most extravagant estimate of the tragedy,
and seems to rejoice in every instance of crime
as if it wore the pabulum of his soul. Not
content with Memphis of 1800, ho limits up
the report of the Freedmen's Bureau and that
of the committee of the Tennessee Legislature
in 1868, the former made from, rumor, except
in a few cases, the latter from ex parte testi-
mony taken for effect just before an election.
This, too, in the period of disfranchisement
and relentless extravagance enforced by mili-
tary power. Of that period nothing can be said
favorable to law and order on the part of the
destructive elements, a small proportion of the
people, of the disfranchised classes. Nor can
anything good be affirmed of the manner in
which the governing minority exercised their
power. No period of history could be selected
that would prove tho folly and wickedness of
an exclusive policy so effectually. While I
would not palliate in any degree the crimes com-
mitted by this miserable organization 1 have as
little respect for that mendacious report of an
irresponsible committee which places an hon-
orable Senator in bo unenviable a position as
compels him to say:
"The Senate will take notice that in the report
of the committed which has just, been read, whilo
they admit the imperfection of their information, yet
they put down the murders in that State as at least
ono a day. Tho evil has been spreading since that
time. Ihe message of Governor Senter, his recent
application to the President for military assistance,
his presence now, I believe, in this city tor that pur-
pose, and attendance upon the Reconstruction Com-
mittee, prove that this stato of things is getting
worse from day to day instead of better. So bold has
this organization become in tho State of Tennessee
that not very long ago they held a public parade in
the city of Nashville. There they went under tho
name of 'The Pale Faces.' .They did not call them-
selves Kuklux, but Pale Faces."
w Murders at one a day and not all found!
Noarrests! No indictments 1 No convictions!
All the officers in the State Republican ! What
a deluge of crime! What ample means to
detect and punish I Blood of men crying from
every hamlet for vengeance! The Governor
sworn to execute laws against crime 1 The
Kuklux stalk forth like the pestilence and the
peonle perish at their nocturnal stroke ! These
shrouded ministers of death parade in the city
of Nashville! A frightful law condemns them
to punishment, and no warrants issued ! Sher-
iffs, with posse at hand! Federal troops ready,
and no arrests attempted! Militia of the
State ready at the Governor's call! Let us
read the law against masked marauders:
An act to preserve tho public peaee.
Section 1. Be itenacied by the General Assembly of
the Slate of Tennessee, That if any person or persons,
masked or in disguise, shall prowl, or travel, or ride,
or walk through the country or towns of this State,
to tho disturbance of the peace or to the alarming
of the citizens of any portion of this Stato, on con-
viction thereof shall be fined not less than $100 nor
more than $500, and imprisoned in tho county jail
of the county wherein convicted atthe discretionof
the jury trying tho case.
Sec. 2. Be it further enactcd, That if any person or
persons disguised or in mask, by day or by night,
shallentcr upon tho promises of another, or demand
entrance or admission into tho house or inclosuro
of any citizen of this State, it shall be considered
prima facie that his or their intention is to commit
a felony, and such demand shall be deemed an assault
with an intent to commit a felony; and tho person
or persons so offending shall, upon conviction, bo
punished by imprisonment in the penitentiary not
less than ten years nor more than twenty years.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That if any person or
persons, so prowling, traveling, riding, or walking
through the towns or country of this State, masked
or in disguise, shall or may as.saulfc another with a
deadly weapon, he or they shall be deemed guilty of
an assault with intent to commit murder in the first
degree, and on conviction thereof shall suffer death
by hanging: Provided, The jury trying thecause may
substitute imprisonment in the penitentiary for a
poriodofnotless than ten years nor more than twenty-
one years.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted. That it shall be the
duty of the several judges of the circuit and criminal
courts of tho State to give this act in charge to the
grand juries at each term of said court-.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, Thatthe grand juries
of this Stato s^all have full power to compel tho at-
tendanoo of witnesses Whenever thoy, or any ono of
their body, may suspect a violation of tho provisions
of this act.
Sec. 6. Beit further enacted. That tho Governor of
tho Stato is hereby authorized to offer a reward of
$250 for tho apprehension anddelivery to the sheriff
or jailor of any county in this Stato any person who
may be guilty of tho violation of tho second or third
sections of this act.
Sec.7. Beit further enacted, Thatthisaot shall take
effect from and after its passage.
Passed January 30,1S70.
W. O'N. PEKKINS,
Speaker of tile House of Representatives,
D.B.THOMAS, .
Speaker of the Senate,
A truo copy of the original now on file in my office.
A. J. FLETCHER,
Secretary of Stale.
This is the law enacted by tlie present Legis-
lature ; that of the former body was not more
stringent. Let ua turn to the statutes of the
State and road the means placed in the hands
of the supreme executive officer without any
military force of any kind. This will show
why writs have not been issued, why arrests
have not been made, why convictions have
not been had, why military aid alone was
demanded always just before elections. Not
because the laws did not condemn the guilty
to punishment; not because crime has not
heavy and severe penalties pronounced against
it; not because the officers for the preservation
of the peace have not the most ample powers
to make arrests ; not because convictions could
not be had in the courts, most assuredly. Will
any man be so rash after he reads the laws
as to assert that arrests could not be made or
convictions obtained when it is known that
every judge was a member of the party in
power, that every juror must be a voter, that
every officer was in harmony with the Gov-
