1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fectly ready to go on with its consideration. I
do not wish to object or move to pass it over.
I are ready for the argument.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the permission of
my friend, I wish to submit a motion, in order
to test the sense of the Senate, to see whether
we are to go on with this bill or not, for if we
are we ought to finish it one way or the other.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Therefore, in order to
test the sense of the Senate whether we are to
squib about this claim to-night, I move that it
be passed over.
Mr. HAMLIN. Allow me to say a word.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Just a word.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my friend
from Maine that this subject will be discussed
most elaborately.
Mr. HAMLIN. I know all about it. I think
I know as much about it as the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us test the sense of
the Senate.
Mr. SPENCER. I presume the Senate recol-
lects the debate on this subject, and 1 t.hink
the Senator had better move to postpone it
indefinitely.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will thank the Senator to
let me have two minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine
was on the floor when the Senator from Ver-
mont rose.
Mr. HAMLIN. But the Senate have adopted
a rule by which they can crowd a man off the
floor in order to pass over a subject; a wrong
construction of the rule, as I think, butl make
no complaint of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A wrong rule, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Chair has
nothing to do with the making of rules, but
with the administration of them ; and when the
Senate pass a rule stating that a motion to pass
over shall be made with the same rights and
privileges as a question of order, then a Sen-
ator can rise in the midst of another Senator's
remarks and make that motion just the same
as he could make a point of order against the
remarks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw the motion
for two minutes in order to accommodate my
friend from Maine.
M r. HAMLIN. Then I desire to say to the
Senate that in all the matters which will come
before this body perhaps there is not one in
which the State I have the honor to represent
is so deeply interested as this, and there is not
one by which money is appropriated by this
Government to pay its just debts in which
there ought to be a wider and more deeply felt
public interest. I know what was the discus-
sion upon it when I was not a member of this
bodj7. I know what is its condition to-day.
I therefore ask the Senate to take this question
up and fairly consider it, and do it now. If
there be no majority in favor of its passage,
then we must bow to that result; if there shall
be found a majority in favor of such a bill as
. we shall finally present to the Senate, then I
shall be glad of it indeed, and I shall believe
that then the Senate will have done ouly even-
handed justice, that justice which I shall at-
tempt to show you it has meted out to every
other State. I have here a bill which, V^J-'
baps against my own judgment, I shall offer
as an amendment. It is a bill reported in the
House of Representatives, by which the sum
to be allowed is computed upon the Virginia
rule. If I have understood Senators hereto-
foae aright, those who have opposed what is
called the Maryland rule have said they were
willing to settle this claim upon the Virginia
rule. I will say no more. I ask the Senate
to consider the bill now.
Mr EDMUNDS. Now I renew my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves that the bill be passed over.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 10.
naval judge advocate general.
The next hill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 216) to establish the office of solicitor
and naval judge advocate general.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on the 1st of April, 1869, by the late
Senator from Iowa, [Mr._ Grimes,] from the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DRAKE. I move the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
military supplies in rebel states.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 249) for the settlement of claims for
quartermaster and commissary stores furnished
to or taken by the United States within the
States in rebellion during the late war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] from the Committee on Claims, and
has previously been debated at some length.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. RICE. I hope that will not be done.
We propose to pass the bill to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be passed over.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the bill be
passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion has
priority.
Mr. HOWE. I simply ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. Let the bill be reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The entire bill,
or its title ?
Mr. DRAKE. The entire bill.
Mr. TRUMBULJy. Let it be read through,
so that we may know what it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, let us have it all.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an
amendment pending offered by the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that amendment be
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
motion is to recommit the bill with instructions;
but an amendment is pending.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the bill be
passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
pending, and the yeas and nays have been or-
dered upon it; butbefore that question is taken
the Secretary will report the pending amend-
ment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Williams, which was to insert at the end of
section four the following proviso :
Provide'!, That this act shall be construed to pro-
vide only for the examination of said claims, andnot
to create any obligation on the part of the Govern-
ment for their payment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion to pass over this bill, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 1-1, nays 32 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Edmunds, Ferry,
Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Howard, Howell, Nve,
Patterson, Sherman, Sinnner, Trumbull, and Wil-
liams—1 1.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Carpenter,
Casserly, T)avis, Drake, Fowler. Gilbert, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamlin, Harris. Howe, Kellogg, Mc-
Orecry, McDonald, Osborn, Poineroy, Pratt, Jt.im-
sey, liiee, Robertson, Koss, Snulsbury, Sehui •/,, Scott,
Spencer, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Viclcers, War-
ner, and "Willey—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Iirown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Cattell. Conkling. Cor-
bett, Cragin, Fenton, Flanagan, J ohnston, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Noi-
ton. Pool, jtevels,Sawyer, bprague, Stcw.srt, Thayer,
Wilson, and Yates—.?<>.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the pending motion to recommit the
bill with instructions, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is moved by Mr.
Stewart to recommit the bill with instructions
to amend it so as to provide that all claims
over $500 favorably reported on by the Quar-
termaster General's department' shall" be then
submitted to the Court of Claims, which shall
have no power to increase the amount,:-but
may reduce it or reject the claims.
The question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr. HOWE. If there is a division to be
had let me say that there cannot be any object
in recommitting tbisbill with any such instruc-
tions. The bill as it is drawn only provides
for an investigation to be had by the Quarter-
master General and the Commissary General.
The amount that they find due is to be reported
to Congress, and not a dollar is to be paid
until it is voted by Congress upon the report
of those two officers. And let me say that
when Tennessee was admitted into the Union,
by law you provided just these two tribunals to
pass upon every claim arising in that State,
and you authorized the amount to be paid, and
they have been paid right along. But I did
not propose to go as far as that with the rest
of the States, but simply to have an investiga-
tion, and to have the amount reported to Con-
gress.
Mr. HOWARD. I will say but one word on
this subject. I hope the bill will be recommit-
ted to the committee in accordance with the
motion that has been made. If these claims,
general in their character, not confined to spe-
cific cases, are to be investigated and reported
upon, as the Senator fiom Wisconsin informs
us they are, for what purpose is this to be done
unless it be with a view to pay the claims m
the end ? If they are not to be paid, then as a
matter of course the ceremony of making i nvest-
igation into them, taking proofs, and report-
ing them to the proper officer of the Govern-
ment is a mere idle ceremony, attended with
considerable expense and inconvenience to the
Government, but resulting in nothing except
that expense and inconvenience.
Now, sir, I beg to say, what I have often
said before, that I am opposed to any general
act, such as this, providing for the payment of
all these claims for such supplies as are men-
tioned in the bill. War is a scourge to all the
parties concerned in it. It punishes the inno-
cent as well as the guilty ; it punishes the friend
as well as the enemy. It is a calamity to both
parties; it is like a tornado that sweeps over
the country destroying indisciiniinately lift;
and property of all classes of persons, not to
be controlled by any human will, direction, or
purpose. It is a misfortune, a calamity, which
all persons concerned in it must submit to;
and there is no such principle of public law, I
lay it down here, as requires the Government
of one of the parties to a war to indemnify all
its own citizens who happen to be in the
enemy's country all losses which they may
incur or which they may sustain. On the part
of Congress, I hold that there is no obligation
known to public law, or even to morals, requir-
ing this act at the hands of the Government
of the United States.
As I have said before, I repeat now, that
there may be, and doubtless are, numerous
exceptional eases where it would be proper
for the Government to interfere to grant relief
to a Union man who had suffered in his per-
son or property while in the enemy's country. I
do not deny that there are numerous such cases;
but I should wish to take up all such cases
seriatim, each by itself, and consider it upon
i the facts upon which it depended ; but as for
granting or assuming to assure all persons in
the rebellious States that they shall be made
good for the losses which they have sustained,
is what I never can consent to. It is making
the Government of the United States pay the
expenses of both sides of the war, and it will
be an act inevitably, for you cannot draw it
otherwise, which will be abused, and undei
which persons not entitled at all to this com
pensat.ion will come forward and claim it, and
in the end, by means well known to lawyers
