1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3203
Whole on the state of the Union, according to
the order of the House, had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
freehold and immigration company.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to more that the
House now adjourn, and will first give way
to myself, [laughter,] and ask uuanimona con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill and have
it referred to the Committee on Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. ALLISON. I will not object if the
gentleman will then yield to his colleague, [Mr.
Garfield,] who desires to present a report
from the committee of conference on the census
bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will not myself object
to that. I will withdraw the motion to adjourn,
*ud ask consent to introduce a bill to incor-
porate the United States Freehold Land and
Immigration Company, and to confirm certain
legislation of Colorado Territory.
So objection was made; and accordingly the
bill (H. R. No. 1958) was received, read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDR1D6E moved to reconsider the
rote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
disaster at richmond, virginia.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to a priv-
ileged question, and submit the following res-
olution for consideration at this time:
Boohed, In view of the appalling calamity that
has fallen upon the city of Richmond by which
so man? human beings were hurried from time to
eternity, and many others dangerously injured, and
in consideration that to-morrow, the 4th instant, has
oeenset apart by the authorities and people of that
city as a day of fasting and prayer, that this House,
in respeet for the dead, sympathy for the living, and
a proper appreciation of such a signal manifestation
of ProTidence, when it adjourns to-day adjourn to
meet at eleven o'clock on Thursday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled
to rule that the resolution submitted by the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Jokes] does
not involve a privileged question. A motion
or a resolution to adjourn over for a day, assign-
ing a reason in the resolution for so doing, has
always been held not to be a privileged ques-
tion, for it involves other matters than the
mere question of adjournment. This resolu-
tion will, therefore, require unanimous consent
for its consideration at this time.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to make
a privileged report from a committee of con-
ference.
The SPEAKER. The report will be read.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to a par-
liamentary inquiry.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will it be in
order for me to offer my resolution without the
preliminary part of it ?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order for
the gentleman to make the simple motion that
when the House adjourns to-day it be to meet at
eleveno'clock a. m. on Thursday next, if he had
the floor for that purpose; but the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is upon the floor to i
®ake a privileged report.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Who objected
<o my resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It was objected to by
several members.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Have I not a
right to know who objected?
Mr. AMES. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. You ought to
ue marked for objecting to such a resolution.
Mr. AMES. Well, mark me, then.
ninth census.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I present the
report of the committee of conference upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
census bill. I do not ask action upon it now,
but will ask that it be printed in the Globe.
The report was received, and ordered to be
printed in the Globe, as follows:
The committee of conference appointed by the
Senate and House of Representatives upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 1595) to amend an act entitled "An aot provid-
ing for the taking of the seventh and subsequent
censuses of the United States, and to fix thenumber
of the members of the House of Representatives, and
to provide for their future apportionmentamong the
several States." approved May 23,1850, having met,
altera full and freeconferenoehave agreed to recom-
mend ,and d« recommend, to their respective Houses,
as follows:
That the Senate recede from its'amendment to the
bill of the House, and agree to the said House bill,
with the following amendment, namely:
Strike out all alter the enacting clause and insert
as follows:
That the time allowed for transmitting the said
copy of the returns of the assistant marshals to the
Census Office is hereby further limited, so that the
returns of population upon schedule No. 1, in tlie
act of May 23, 1850, shall be sent to that office on or
before the 10th day of September next, and the com-
plete returns upon all the schedules annexed to and
made part of that act, excepting upon the schedule
therein designated as No. 2, which schedule is hereby
revoked, oanoeled, and declared to be bo longer a
part of said act, shall be forwarded to the Census
Office before the 1st day of October following: Pro-
vided, That the Secretary of the Interior shall be
authorized to extend the time allowed fur returns on
the schedules other than those of population, in any
case where it shall appear to him to be necessary:
Provided further. That whenever, from the loss or
destruction of returns, or from causes beyond the
control of the officers charged with the enumeration,
it shall be shown to be impracticable to comply with
the requirements of this section, the Secretary of the
Interior is authorised to extend the time allowed for
rendering returns of population, not beyond the 1st
day of October next.
See. 2. And be it further enacted. That the penalty
provided in the fifteenth section of said act of May
25,1850, shall apply to any refusal whatever to answer
either of the inquiries authorized by said act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That each assist-
ant marshal or agent shall be paid for making out
and returning complete copies of the original census
returns, as required in the eleventh section of the
act to which this is a supplement, eight cents for
each page of the two copies'of the original census
returns required by the said eleventh section.
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted. That the oath to
be taken by assistant marshals employed to take the
census shall be the oath required by the act of 1850,
of which this is an amendment.
And that the House of Representatives concur in
the same. ROSCOE CONKLING,
MATT. H. CARPENTER,
T. F. BAYARD.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. A. GARFIELD,
WILLIAM B. ALLISON,
s. s. COX,
Managers on the part of the Haute.
leave o? absence.
Mr. HOLMAN obtained ten days' leave of
absence from to-morrow.
Mr. STRADER obtained leave of absence
for Thursday next, and for twenty days from
Monday next.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, <fcc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COOK: A memorial of the reorgan-
ized church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day
Saints, in reference to_polygamy.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: The petition
of Thomas Owens, of Mount Olivet, Kentucky,
for the relief of his political disabilities.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of John
Woolsey, late a private in the twenty-second
regiment of Indiana volunteers, praying for a
pension.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A communication of
citizens of Philadelphia, numerously signed,
asking for the enactment of the civil service
bill.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of J. G.
Hurkamp and 201 others, citizens of Virginia,
praying an appropriation by Congress of
$100,000 for the removal of obstructions from
the Rappahannock river in Virginia.
By Mr. SARGENT: A memorial of the
commissioners of the Yosemite Valley and
Big Trees, California, and of citizens of said
State, praying for a grant of land for con-
structing a turnpike road to said localities.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Mat/ 4, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendment of the Senate to the bill fH. R.
No. 1595) to amend an act entitled " An act
providing for the taking of the seventh and
subsequent censuses of the United States, and
to fix the number of the members of the House
of Representatives, and to provide for their
future apportionment among the several
States," approved May 23, 1850.
correction of an enrolled bill.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives requested the concurrence
of the Senate in the following resolution, passed
by the House:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the word
"first." in line one of section nine of the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 1427) to provide for the creation of
, corporations in the District of Columbia by general
I law, be erased, and the word " Seven" inserted, so
i > that the section of said bill be referred to by the
!; proper number.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This refers to
the general corporation act for the District, the
enrolled bill in regard to which was yesterday
returned by the Senate to the House of Rep-
resentatives, which now 8sks the concurrence
of the Senate in striking out the word "first"
andinserting" seventh" in the section referred
to in the House resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will state that in the sec-
tion of that bill mentioned in the resolution
reference is made to the first section, when it
should have been a reference to the seventh
section. The word "first" should read "sev-
enth," and I ask unanimous consent that that
change be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that change will be ordered to be
made. It is so ordered by unanimous consent,
and the resolution of the House is concurred in.
final adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents to the Senate the concurrent resolution
of the House of Representatives providing for
the final adjournment of this session of Con-
gress. It will be reported by the Secretary.
The Secretary read the House concurrent
resolution, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives declare their respective Houses
1 adjourned sine die on Monday, the 4th of July next,
at meridian.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend that reso-
lution by striking out "Monday, the 4th of
July," and inserting "Saturday, the 2d of
i July."
| Mr. SUMNER. I move that the resolution
lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine moves to amend the resolution by strik-
ing out'' Monday, the 4th of July,'' and insert-
ing "Saturday, the 2d of July." The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the concurrent
resolution lie on tho table.
Mr. SUMNER. We had tetter not pass it.
