1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
-would strike oofc the suggestion as to Repre-
sentatives yet to be admitted, and would print
enough copies to supply them when they are
admitted.
Mr. LAFLIM. I do not object.
The amendment of Mr. Dawes was agreed
to, and the resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
withdrawal op papers.
On motion of Mr. HALE, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for withdrawal from
the files of the House of papers in the case of
Pitcher and Hayford.
lieutenant commander f. pbarson.
Mr. GETZ, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 162)
authorizing Lieutenant Commander Frederick
Pearaon, of the Navy of the United States, to
accept the nomination of Companion of the
Military Division of the Order of the Bath
from the queen of Great Britain; which was
read a first and second time, and, .with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
pegs op attorneys, etc.
Me. CHURCHILL, by unanimons consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1247) to regulate
the fees of attorneys, solicitors, and proctors,
and of clerks in the circuit and district courts
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee pn the Judiciary.
steam vessel w. t. robb.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1248) authorizing the
issue of registry enrollment and license to the
steam-tug or vessel W. T. Rohb; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
judicial districts in michigan.
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1249) to divide
the State of Michigan into three judicial dis-
tricts, and to establish the northern district of
Michigan j which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee On the Judi-
ciarji and ordered to be printed.
invalid pensions.
Mr. ORIS WOLD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No.' 1250) to amend
an act supplementary to an act granting pen-
sions, approved July 4,1864; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
port brown military reservation.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, submitted the fol-
lowingresolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
lietoived. That the Secretary of War be  and he is,
hereby instructed to furnish this House with aeopy
of all correspondence between his Department and'
the Attorney General of the United States relative-
to the title to the United States-military reservation.
Fort Brown, Texas; also, of all instructions given to
Captain W. A, Wainwright, quartermaster United
States Army, to negotiate with and purchase from
the heirs of M. J. Curaxo, deceased, toe title to the.
said property. ,
. . agricultural reports, , .
. JCiv REEVES. I ask unanimous- consent
to submit a resolution, which I submitted on.
Saturday, and which was then objected to by
my colleague {Mr. VVooa]' under a misappre-
hension. He has. since told nie that he has no
objection to the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows: >
. Retolvtd, Thatthe Committee .on Agriculture be
directed to inquire into the exped^epcy of reporting
a hill providing that in lieu "of the present method
Mdistnlratiiig the annual reports of the Department
ofAgneulture one oopyof sachreports shall, a* bo on
alter their publication as practicable, be placed in
each common school and other public-library in every
State and Territory m fte United-Stated and that
at one or more central localities in eaeli State and
Territory, and at the Agricultural Department build-
ing in the District of Columbia, depositaries be ap-
pointed by the Commissioner of Agriculture, under
whose direction copies of the said annual reports
shall be furnished by such depositaries to all persons
applying therefor, at a price to be established by the
Commissioner, not exceeding the actual cost of pub-
lication and of transmission by mail or express to
such applicants.
The resolution was agreed to.
bounties.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, byunani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1251) authorizing the payment of bounties to
persons who were rejected as volunteers and
who were immediately afterward drafted and
held to service; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
calls for executive information.
Mr. WARD. I ask unanimons consent to
offer the following resolution:
Retained, That the Committee on the Rules be in-
structed to consider the propriety of so amending
the rules of tho House that all resolutions of the
House calling for information from the President or
any Department shall be required to be referred to
some appropriate committee of the House, unless
first offered by authority of some committee.
Mr. CALKINS. I object.
Mr. BECK. And so do I.
reconsideration.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider all
votes taken during the day by which bills, &c.,
had been referred ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
correction op the journal.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to say that I voted
yesterday to lay upon the table the resolution
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. LougBbidge]
in reference to the currency. I am by mistake
recorded on the Journal and in the Globe in
the negative.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be
made.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at
four o'clock and forty minutes p. ra.,) the House
adjourned.
-petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMES: A petition of China and
other insurance companies of Boston, and
William F. Weld & Co., Curtis & Peabody,
with other ship-owners, ship masters, and
pilots, that Scituate light be again lighted.
By Mr. BLAIR: The petition of A. G.
Hunter, Y. M. Bostwick, and many others,
citizens of Jackson, Michigan, against any
change in our tariff laws suggested by a free
trade league, representing alien interests, and
sustained in greatest part by British gold; and
in favor of such a reduction tin tea, coffee,
drugs, spices, and other articles of comfort,
the product of tropical countries, as the neces-
sities of the revenue will admit.
By Mr. BRADFORD: The pietitioo of
Henry M. Fosdick, esq., postmaster at Boone-
ville, Colorado, and 20 other persons, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of A. H. Tef rill, post-
| master at Fountain, Colorado, and 41 others,
for the same purpose. -
Also, the petition of Seth Ward, postmaster,
and 42 others, for the same purpose. .
Also, the petition of 45 citizens of Lake
county, Colorado, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of 80 others, citizens of
Rock Butte, Douglas eounty, Colorado, for the
same purpose.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of S. E.
Watford and 27 others, citizens of Big Creek,
Dale county, Alabama, asking for the aboli-
ttow of the franking privilege.
Also) a petition of 20 citizens of Beaver
Creek, Dale county, Alabama, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BURCHARD: A petition of citizens
of Morrison and McConnell's Grove, Illinois
for the abolition of the franking privilege. '
By Mr. CAKE: A petition of cigar manu-
facturers, journeymen cigar-makers, dealers in
cigars, growers of and dealers in seed-leaf
tobacco, of Annville, Lebanon county, Penn-
sylvania, asking Congress to restore the tariff
rates on imported cigars to three dollars per
pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem.
By Mr. CLEVELAND: A petition of the
Grant Locomotive Works of Paterson, New
Jersey, for a reduction of the duty on steel.
Also, a petition of citizens of Newark, New
Jersey, being cigar-makers and dealers in to-
bacco, for a modification of the tariff on cigars
and tobacco.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens
of Fleming, Cayuga county, New York, to
abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. COX: A monster petition, signed
by several thousand cigar manufacturers,
journeymen cigar-makers, dealers in cigars,
growers of and dealers in seed-leaf tobacco,
for the restoration of the tariff rates on im-
ported cigars to three dollars per pound and
fifty per cent, ad valorem.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of W. W.
Hall and 41 others, citizens of Halltown, Saline
county, Illinois, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of B. A. Calvert and 25
others, citizens of Texas City, Saline county,
Illinois, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of Thomas G. Patterson
and 40 others, citizens of Glendale, Pope
county, Illinois, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Daniel Richey and 28
others, citizen of Cypress Hill, Illinois, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of James A. Simpson and
46others,citizensof New Liberty, Pope county,
Illinois, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. DAVIS: A petition of members of
Cigar Union No. 5, of the city of Rochester,
praying for a change in the tariff on tobacco
and cigars.
Also, the petition of Waterman Clark and a
large number of others, citizens of Orleans
county, praying for an appropriation to con-
struct a pier in Lake Ontario, at Yates, in
said county.
By Mr. DUVAL: A petition of the citizens
of Lewis county, West Virginia, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from citizens of Tyler county,
West Virginia, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Ritchie
county, West Virginia, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Hancock
county, West Virginia, praying few the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege. -
By Mr. FARNS WORTH: The memorial
of Benjamin Page, of Sycamore, Illinois, ask-
ing indemnity for French spoliations, &c.
By Mr. GETZ: The petition of Breneiser,
Mayer & Co.* Hantsch & Lyons, C. C. Maltz-
bergenl, and others, cigar manufacturers and
dealers in cigars and tobacco, of the city of
Reading, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
restore the tariff rates on imported cigars to
three dollars per pound and fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Baums-
town and Oley, Berks connty, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking pr..i-
lege.
By Mr. HAIGHT: The petition of John A.
Heyer and 85 others, citizens of Holmdel town-
ship,i Monmouth county, New Jersey, praying
far the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of AHen, Bey-
