4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
accordance' with the proper mode of- doing
business, to wait until we receive the-annual
message of the President before making.these
calls upon him for information which very
likely lje will communicate-to us as soon as lie,
has an-opportunity of communicating with us*.
I suggest that this resolution lie upon the table
until we hear from the President. - •
The VICE PRESIDENT., If its present
consideration is objected to' by the Senator
from Illinois the resolution will go over until
to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I prefer that the mover
of it should not press it.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Vermont
has given notice that on Wednesday he will
ask the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of the Georgia bill. The information supposed
to be contained in these reports will be very
important to the Senate in the consideration of
the Georgiabill. J t isofacharacter that is not
likely to come to us in the message of the Pres-
ident or tlie documents which he may submit
accompanying-the message. It is the details
contained in these reports that I think it is im-
portant for the Senate to have ; and I cap see
no disrespect, nor can I see any hurry, in calling
for the information now. We cannotexpect the
message to contain the details embraced in
these reports. I think, in view of the speedy
consideration of the Georgia question, we ought
to have all the information we can get in re-
gard to the actual condition of the State of
Georgia. If the message does contain the in-
formation it will be so stated in the answer to
the resolution,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose we shall prob-
ably have the message to-day, and this resolu-
tion can be laid aside until we get the message.
If the Senator presses his resolution, and thinks
there is importance in it, I wiil not interpose a
single objection. I have stated what seemed to
me to be t he more appropriate course of action.
Mr. MORTON. 1 am willing that the matter
shall pass over until the President's message
comes iu.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution will bo passed over
informally.
he ports, etc.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the chief clerk of the Court
of Claims, communicating a statement of the
judgments rendered in the Court of Claims for
the year ending December C, 1869; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
lie also laid before the Senate the annual
report of the Congressional Printer, allowing
the condition of the public printing, binding,
&c.; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
tlie Comptroller of the Currency, communi-
cating his seventh annual report; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Attorney General, communicating a list
of persons employed by him to assist district
attorneys in the discharge of their duties, and
the amount of compensation paid to each;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a letter of the Governor
of Vermont, transmitting to the Senate of the
United States an act of the General Assembly
of that State entitled "An act providing for
the ceding of the Antietam and Gettysburg
cemeteries to the United States;" which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a letter of the Governor
of Ohio, transmitting to the Senate an act of
the General Assembly of Ohio entitled "An
act providing for the ceding of the Antietam
and Gettysburg cemeteries;" which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is the consideration of the business
pending at the adjournment of the first ses-
sion of the Senate,for the Forty-First Con-
gress, on the 10th day of April last. That
business is a resolution offered by. the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] in regard to the
compensation of certain Senators, which was
pending at the adjournment, sine die of the
legislative session of the Senate' at the first
session of the F.orty-First-,C6ngress.
Mr: TRUMBULL. Before acting on that,
as the Senate is hardly in a frame of mind to
proeeed.wifch afay business at this moment, I
move that the Senate take a recess for half an
hour to awaic the return of the committee
which has gone to-wait on the President.
The motion was agreed to.
president's message.
The recess having expired, the Senate re-
sumed.its session at one o'clock and thirty-
five minutes p. m.
Mr. .WILSON. Mr. President, the com-
mittee appointed to wait upon the President of
the United States and inform him that the two
Houses had assembled and were ready to re-
ceive any communication he might he pleased to
make', have attended, to that duty, and the Pres-
ident informed the committee that, he would
forthwith send in a communication in writing.
At one o'clock and forty-two minutes p. m.
the President's Secretary, Mr. Horace Por-
ter, appeared below the ba,r, and said: .'
Mr. President, I am directed by the Presi-
dent of the United States to deliver to the
Senate a message in writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lays
before the Senate the annual message of the
President of the United States.
The Secretary of the Senate, Hon. George
C. .Goriiam, read the message, as follows :
To the Senate and
Uouse of Representatives:
In coming before you for the first time as
Chief Magistrate of this great nation, it is with
gratitude to the Giver of all good for the many
benefits we enjoy. We are blessed with peace
at home, and are without entangling alliances
abroad to forebode trouble; with a territory
unsurpassed in fertility, of an area equal to
the abundant support of five hundred million
people, and abounding in every variety of
useful mineral in quantity sufficient to supply
the world for generations; with exuberant
crops; with a variety of climate adapted to
the production of every species of earth's
riches, and suited .to the habits, tastes, and
requirements of every living thing; with a
population of forty million free people, all
speaking one language; with facilities for
every mortal to acquire an education; with
institutions closing to none the avenues to
fame or any blessing of fortune that may be
coveted; with freedom of the pulpit, the press,
and the school; with a revenue flowing into
the national Treasury beyond the require-
ments of the Government. Happily harmony
is being rapidly restored within our own bor-
ders. Manufactures hitherto unknown in our
country are springing up in all sections, pro-
ducing a degree of national independence un-
equaled by that of any other Power.
These blessings and countless others are
intrusted to your care and mine-for safe-
keeping for the brief period of our tenure of
office. In a short time we must each of us
return to the ranks of the people, who have
conferred upon us our honors, and account to
them for our stewardship. I earnestly desire
that neither you nor I may be condemned by
a free and enlightened constituency nor by
our own consciences.
Emerging from a rebellion of gigantic mag-
nitude, aided as it, was by the sympathies and
assistance of nations with which we were at
peace, eleven States of the Union were four
years ago left without legal State governments.
A national debt had been contracted; Amer-
ican commerce was almost driven from the
seas; the industry of one half of the country
had been taken from the control of the capital-
ist and placed where all labor rightfully be-
longs, in the keeping of the laborer. The work
of restoring State governments loyal to the
Union, of protecting and fostering free labor,
and providing means for paying the interest on
the public debt has received ample attention
from Congress. Although your efforts have
not met with the success in all particulars that
might have been desired, yet on the whole they
have been more successful than could have
been reasonably anticipated.
Seven States which passed ordinances of
secession have been fully restored to their
places in the Union. The eighth, Georgia,
held an election at which she ratified her con-
stitution, republican in form, elected a Gov-
ernor, members of Congress, a State Legisla-
ture, and all other officers required. The
Governor was duly installed, and the Legisla-
ture met and performed all the acts then re-
quired of them by the reconstruction acts of
Congress. Subsequently, however, in viola-
tion of the constitution which they had just
ratified, as since decided by the supreme court
of the State, they unseated the colored mem-
bers of the Legislature and admitted to seats
some members who are disqualified by the
third clause of the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution; ,ati article which they them-
selves had contributed to ratify. . Under these
circumstances I would submit to you whether
it ijould not be wise without delay to enact a
law authorizing the Governor, of Georgia "to
convene the members originally elected to the
Legislature, requiring each member to take
the oath prescribed by the reconstruction acts,
and none to be admitted who are ineligible
under the third clause of the fourteenth amend-
ment.
The freedmen, under the protection which
they have received, are making rapid progress
in learning, and no complaints are heard of
lack of industry-on their part where they re-
ceive fair remuneration for their labor. The
means provided for paying the interest on the
public debt, with all other expenses of Gov-
ernment, are more than ample. The loss of
our commerce is the only result of the late
rebellion which has not received sufficient
attention from you. To this subject I call your
earnest attention. I will not now suggest plans
by which this object may be effected, but will,
if necessar3', make it the subject of a special
message during the session of Congress.
At the March term Congress, by joint resolu-
tion, authorized the Executive to order elec-
tions in the States of Virginia, Mississippi, and
Texas, to submit to them the constitutions
which each had previously, in convention
framed, and submit the constitutions, either
entire or in separate parts, to be voted upon at
the discretion of the Executive. Under this
authority elections were called.
In Virginia the election took place on the
6th of July, 1869; the Governor and Lieu-
tenant Governor elected have been installed;
the Legislature met, and did all required by
this resolution and by all the reconstruction
acts of Congress, and abstained from all doubt-
ful authority. I recommend that her Senators
and Representatives be promptly admitted to
their seats, and that the State be fully restored
to its place in the family of States. Elections
were called in Mississippi and Texas, to com-
mence on the 30th of November, 1869, and to
last two days in Mississippi and four days in
Texas. The elections have taken place, but
the result is not known. It is to be hoped
that the acts of the Legislatures of these States
when they meet will be such as to receive your
approval and thus close the work of recon-
struction.
Among the evils growing out of the rebel-
lion and not yet referred to is that of an irre-
deemable currency. It is an evil which I hope
will receive your most earnest attention. It
is a duty and one of the highest duties of
Government to secure to the citizen a medium
of exchange of fixed, unvarying value. This
