2260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
take dyes and printing well, though not for
durable wear.
We Americans are eminently a practical peo-
ple. We are not so wedded to our own ways
that we w ill take to no others. We readily adap t
ourselves to circumstances, and if we cannot
get just what we want we will take the next best
thing, and-in some way make it answer our
purpose.
But the consumers of these English yarns
are the people of the old najbiong of the world
and fast fixed in peculiarities. Their, whole
trade runs in grooves. They want to-day just
what they have had for a generation past, and
for years to come they will take nothing else.
If we wish to sell to then?, we must furnish
just such goods, in just such form and appear-
iuieo of packago as they have been accustomed
to having from the English, It is a waste of
Umo to tell them that something else is better.
Lhey vpill have none of it, .Even a lower
price will not tempt them to encourage an inno-
vation.
A. gentleman in Texas has thoroughly tested
this, and brought himself to ruin by shipping
yarns made^ under our system to markets used
to tho English yarns. One of our New York
importers of Chinese goods shipped a lot of
our cloths to China. They sold well, and an
order came for 2,000 bales more just like the
first. They were bought from the same New
England factory, and sent out, but tho Chinese
customer would not take them. He weighed
some of tho bales, calculated the weight per
yard, and found that the second lot weighed a
small fraction of an ounce less per yard than
the Hist lot. The consequence of a littlecare-
lessness at the factory was a heavy loss on the
shipment and the end of what might have
been a valuable trade.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the machinery used to
make this yarn in England differs throughout
jroin ours. Not iti groat essential points, but
in minor details running throughout all parts
of the system., 'To alter our machinery to suit
this trade mijjh't be done by expert mechanics
thoroughly "acquainted with English machines,
but it would involve grea.it expense and'a risk
of final failure, so thatbusiness men acquainted
with the difficulty are loth to run.
Machine-makers who object to the proposed
measure admit that the systems of machinery
made here and in England are different, but
they claim that ours is better, and that certain
parts of the American system will do what is
done by similar parts of the English system.
Justsoan expertwatchmaker might go to Walt-
ham, and to Elgin, and to other watch-manu-
factories, and in each get a part of a watch,
perfect for its particular purpose, and yet when
he came to combine them as a whole he would
probably have more labor and expense than
his watch would be worth when it was done.
We have a great deal of the best American
machinery in the southern mills to-day, suffi-
cient for our needs under our limited system
Of manufacture, but it will not answer the pur-
pose of this new business. If we are to engage
m it with any hope of succeeding we are com-
pelled to go to England for our first sets of
machinery. With their machinery in our hands,
with sample bales of their yarns before us, we
will make yarns and put them up so that the
manufacturer in o'^her countries shall not be
able to tell where the yarn, was spun.
Once opened successfully, this trade will
inevitably grow so fast that American njaehine -
makers will prepare their- establishments to
make just such machinery as is needed. They
have stocked the markets of our'country with
the kind of machinery they make at present,
and they are comparatively idle. If we demon-
strate that this great enterprise can Ve success-
fully accomplished, the demand for their work
will only be limited by the yarn consumption
of the world.
It is just possible, too, Mr. Chairman, that
We flatter ourselves a little in regard to the
Excellence of our American machinery and of
our American productions. An association
was organized on the 29th of April, 1868, by
gentlemen from, all parts of the united States
who were engaged in the culture and manu-
facture of cotton, and who had convened in
the city of New York, pursuant to a call issued
by the leading cotton manufacturers of the
couutry. At that meeting, Mr. E. R. Mudgfi,
an eminent. manufacturer of Massachusetts,
and one of the American commissioners atthe
Paris exposition, said—I quote from the re-
port of their proceedings published officially by
the association :
" {t is supposed by tlio people of this country, gen-
erally, that We have made groat advancement in the
manufacture of cotton. I can only say that I was
nttorly hshamed of my country at tho exposition in
Paris this last year, when I saw that we are at tho
foot of all civilized nations in the handling of the
raw material which wo produce m such abundance,
inat may seem astonishing. I do not mean that wo
do not produce the articles that we attempt to mak6
as.well as any other oountry. That I freely admit.
But what I mean is that we are only in the A B 0's
of our business, while other countries have run nearly
through tlio alphabet, many of them. If yea will
look at tho numbers of the yarn we spin in' this
country, from a material which is better adapted
than the production of anyother country to spinning
a variety of numbers, you will see what I menn. In
fact, with tho exception of England, who showed lior
fabrics rnado for export to India and other countries,
wo wero the only peoplo who pretendod to show a
piece of sheeting—-common cotton oloth. That was
not oonsidorodby tho nationsof Kurope afit articlo to
send to an exposition of tho industry of all nations.
'Ihey considered, I snpposo, that any country that
could not mako that should not bo admitted to ox-
poso their fabrics in competition withothor countries.
You walk into any retail dry-goods storo on Broad-
way, and examine the cotton fabrics in that storo, and
what do you see? Of the number of articles ex-
hibited thoro, manufactured from cotton, if you soo
20yotiwill sceporhaps 5 that we make hero; tho other
15 aro imported."
At the annual meeting of the same associa-
tion in 1809, Mr. Richard (Jarsed, of Pennsyl-
vania, remarked:
"We areprettywellupinmakingshectiuKS, drills,
and standard goods, as tho term is understood in Bos-
ton and New York; but wo aro not so well up in
making lawns, alpacas, Italian cloths, and many fine
goods worn by ladies."
At the same meeting, Mr. Robert Johnston,
of New York, speaking of our manufacturers,
said:
"If tliey will look back ten years they will ac-
knowledge that wo were far behind tho English
manufacturers in tho machinery used for producing
cotton goods, and why? Because our maohme-build-
ers had all they could do; they made all tho profits
they wanted; they met tho demand. Then some men
who had eir^ed tlio ocean nont hack word that wo
were behind the world; that our machine-shops wero
?ceond-clnss; our machinery third-class; and that
there must be some change or wo should be leffcclear
behind. lhis is acknowledged by our New England
rmiemne-buildertf, and they aro changing their ma-
chinery. "We are apt scholars. The Englishman will
find his machines and machine-shops copied hero and
improved upon; Yankeefied a little, and tho bettor
lor that. >Vo want a tariff that will compel our man-
ufacturers and machine-makcrn to find out what
improvements are needed.
"I know what tho English machinc-huil dors have
done lor us m tho way of improved machinery.
Look at tho fiy frame. The frame brought from
England liltcen or twenty years ago, 1 think, is in
the machine shops to-day. It wont to foar of the
largest-machine manufacturers in Now England,
each of whom has mado a fortune out of it. They
copied it with little alteration, cxcept in style. The
general principles of producing roving were identi-
cal in all. # They kept on for ten or fifteen years, till
Mr. Hawkins sent out a new pattern, and Mr. John
Mason made a machine that will run 50 per cent,
faster than any frame wo have.
" Our machine-builders found they must mako
Borne change, and now you caa find a good roving
frame ia this country."
I would like, ifmy time allowed it, to trace the
successive steps in the improvement of our ma-
chinery for cotton manufacture since spinning-
jennies and frames wore first put in operation
in the United States, and to show tho effects
upon the prosperity of the country at large
that have resulted from'the wisdom of the peo-
ple of Massachusetts in adopting such measures
q? that I am advocating. In 1786-87 the Legis-
lature of that State offered premiums for the
introduction and setting up of manufacturing-
machinery. As the immediate consequence of
this encouragement, in 1787 the Beverly Man-
ufacturing Company commenced building the
first cotton factory in America, which; was in
operation already in 1789 at the time of Wash-
ington' s visitto that town. In that year Samuel
Slater, a practical machinist and manufacturer,
came from England to Khode Island, bringing
with him Arkwright's machinery, and by his
skill, his teaching, and his example, he gave
to manufacturing in that State and in Massa-
chusetts the prestige they retain-even yet.
Mr, Chairman, we of the South would imi-
tate the -example so- successfully set by the
fathers of'manufacturing enterprise in New
England. We wish to get the best English
machinery that is now constructed for the pur-
pose ,of trying the experiment of spinning cot-
ton into yarn, and we find that it will cost within
a very little as much as the best American
machinery, which is not suited to the work,
and then wo find in addition that we have to
pay a duty averaging 40 per cent, in gold upon
the importation," in addition. We think we are
more than justified in asking tha,t those who
are willing to embark capital iu trying so im-
portant an experiment • should be relieved of
so burdensome a tax upon their commence-
ment.
I have shown above that there are now run-
ning in this country about sG,400,000 spindles,
which cost $28 each, or $160,000,000. The
capital used to work them is estimated by the
Cotton Manufacturers' Association at $12 50
per spindle, which makes $80r000,000. Thus
wo have $240,000,000. The same authority
estimates all tho capital invested in shops for
making cotton-machinery, and all that is em-
ployed in producing what are called the "sup-
plies" of the mills at only $20,000,000. These
manufacturers of machinery and supplies,
though all prominent members of this associa-
tion, seem to have avoided in their deliberations
any mention of the tariff on machinery, because
they deem it of minor importance, compared
with tlioir larger interest in manufactures.
They have made money in the latter, and if
they have not done so well as machine-makers,
perhaps a significant reason may be found in
the fact that they are, as manufacturers, their
own principal customers in machinery.
0 f this capital of $20,000.000 set down as thus
invested, probably not more than $2,000,000
are engaged in manufacturing machinery for
spinning and preparation therefor, and it is
only this small interest that can be opposed to
the measure of relief proposed, i have no
doubt that iu two or three years, if we suc-
ceed in our experiment, such a demand will
exist ior the kind of machinery we seek to
import that the capital, finding profitable em-
ployment in this very branch of business, will
be increased rnanyfold. But in the mean time,
is it wisdom on the part of the friends of
Amcrcan manufactures to suffer an interest
of $2,000,000, or even $20,000,000, to check
and hamper the commencement of a business
which, if slightly assisted in its inception,
promises to add at least $100,000,000 yearly
to the wealth of the country?
1 hat any large amount ot machinery would
bo_ imported during the twelve months to which
it is proposed that this exemption shall be lira-
ited, is not at all probable. Manufacturers do
not keep such machinery on hand ready made,
"ksboots wagons. If an order were given
an English machine-maker to-day for machin-
ery to the extent of 10,000 spindles, it would
be eight or ten months before it would be
ready for shipment to the United States. It
would cost §55,000 to$60,000 in England, but
the preparation of the water-power, the build-
ing or alteration of houses, the making and
placing of wheels, pulleys, hangers, shaftings,
all ot which would be done-by American me-
chanics, would involve the necessity ;of a total
outlay of three times the value .of that part of
the machinery which could be imported under
the proposed amendment.- No.company can
be formed, with any prospect of sacceediag in
this work, with less than $800,flOft capital, and
nobody can suppose for a moment that the
mere opportunity of saving 4h« small part of
