3204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
Several Senators. Let us pass it and work
up to it
, The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that the concurrent resolution and amend-
ment lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Maine, Nye, Pool, Ramsey, Schurz, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Warner, Wilson, and
Y ates—15.
NAYS—M«ssrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
uian, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Caseerly,
Cotnkling, Corbett, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan,
. Harris, Howe, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis,
MoCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn,
Patterson, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Ross.Sanlsbury,
Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Tipton, Viekers, Willey,
and Williams—41.
• ABSENT—Messrs, Abbott, Brownlow, Cattell,
Crayin, Davis, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Howard, Norton, Pomeroy,Revels, Sherman, Stock-
ton, Thayer, and Thurman—16.
So 'the motion did not prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think, upon reflection, that
Twill Withdraw that amendment, and vote for
the resolution as it comes to us from the House
' of Representatives, from two considerations.
One is that the lime fixed in the resolution is
ample for us to conclude our business; and
second, if we fix a time two months in advance,
my judgment, my experience, without a single
exception in any session of Congress, is that we
shall perform more labor and accomplish more
result with a day certain fixed for adjournment
two moptha from now than we shall in four
long months with no day determined upon.
I say, sir, that that is the experience of every
Senator here, and every session of Congress
will demonstrate it to a mathematical proposi-
tion. Every Senator knows that in the three
months to which we are limited in what is
called the short session our appropriation bills
are all passed, and I think I may say as much
of legislation very nearly as comes from along,
tedious summer session. Believing, therefore,
that we have, ample time by the day fixed, and
that by. fixing a time we shall hasten the day
of adjournment, I prefer, whUo I do not like
the particular day named, to take the resolu-
tion precisely as it comes to us from the House ;
and I will therefore withdraw my motion to
amend, and vote for the resolution as it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
.Maine withdraws his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the resolution be referred to the Committee on
Finance. I am inclined strongly to the opin-
ion that we, may be able to adjourn as early as
the time named in the House resolution; but
we ought to act intelligently, and not be driven
to any indecent haste in the last hours of the
aeBsion. If the resolution shall be referred to
the Committee oh Finance, they will be able
to exataine what subjects are indispensably
necessary to be legislated upon, and confer
with the Committee on Appropriations; and
'■as the Committee on Finance will meet to-mor-
row the resolution will be immediately Tfeported
back for action to-morrow. I hope, therefore,
"that by general consent it will be deemed "wise
and prudent to refer this resolution for exam-
ination to a committee.
The VICEPRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Vermont moves the reference of the concurrent
resolution to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that motion will pre-
vail. It seems to me that whether we shall be
able to adjourn on the 4th of July or not, it is
a very singular position for Congress to take
before a single appropriation bill has passed,
before we act upon the reduction of taxes, upon
the tftriff bill, upon the funding bill, upon the
admission of Georgia, upon all the leading ques-
tions of this session, and before any of them are
Consuzmoated, to assume to fix a day of adjourn-
ment. Everybody knows there never has been,
a Congress tkat lias sat more hours or that has
talked more and done less than the present
Congress. Little has been accomplished. "We
have sat a great many hours; there has been a
great deal said; but there has been but very
little accomplished. We have passed within
the last few days several bills, not very import-
ant ones, but still bills that ought to be acted
upon ; but all the leading measures of the ses-
sion, all the appropriation bills for the next
year, remain unacted upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no.
Mr. WILSON. Not one has passed.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, yes.
Mr. WILSON. What one?
Mr. FERRY. The invalid pension bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And the West Point
appropriation bill
Mr. WILSON. Those are little picayune
things, the merest trifling matters in the world,
hardly worth talking about here or anywhere
else; but all the principal appropriation bills
are unacted upon, and all the leading measures
of this session. I hope the motion made by
the Senator from Vermont, to refer this reso-
lution to the Committee on Finance, will be
agreed to, and that we shall remain in our seats
and work Saturdays, and work early and late
and do our business, and not fix a time of
adjournment, and then have the intermediate
time used for the purpose of defeating some
of the main and leading measures of this ses-
sion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I shall
vote for the motion to refer this resolution to
the Committee on Finance, and I quite agree
with what was said by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts as to the impropriety of fixing a day
of adjournment now. It is onr duty to see to
the public business of the country, and the
great measures that are pending certainly ought
not to fail of attention at our hands by the
fixing of a day of adjournment, so that they
cannot be properly considered. The country
expects the taxes to be reduced. The country
expects the tariff to be remodeled. The coun-
try expects some sort of a financial bill to be
passed. The western country and the southern
country expect increased banking facilities to
be extended to them. The country expects a
bill to be passed to enforce the fifteenth amend-
ment ; and there are a great many measures
besides the ordinary appropriation bills that it
is the duty of this Congress to act upon.
It is now barely eight weeks until July. We
are all anxious to get away ; no one more so
than I -am; but do we propose to leave our
positions here without doing the business of
the country, and fix a time now, at the end of
eight weeks, when, whether the business of the
country is done or not, we are to adjourn? It
seems to me that as persons charged with the
public business of the country it would be im-
proper at this time to do that. Let the resolu-
tion be referred and placed in the handB of
the Finance Committee, which has charge of
some of the most important measures upon
which we ought to act, and if the business will
justify it, then let us adjourn on the 4th of
July, or at an- earlier day.
I do not agree at all with what my friend
from Massachusetts has said in another portion
of his remarks. I have never known a Con-
gress that has worked more laboriously than
the present one. I have never known as many
bills passed in the Senate as have been-passed
by this Senate at the present session. It is an
entire mistake to suppose that the Senate, and,
so far as I know, the House, but I speak of
the Senate particularly, have neglected the
public business of the country during the pres-
ent session of Congress. The Senate has never
worked more laboriously; it has never per-
fected more pleasures; it has never passed
more bills in the same length of time. Why,
sir, since I have been a member of this body
the Calendar of the Senate was never called
till the present session. It is the first time in
the history of the Senate that I have ever
known it to be done. While I am willing to
meet early and sit late and do all that can rea-
sonably be required to bring the session to a
close, I am opposed to fixing a time now wheu
the Senate will adjourn and leave undone the
great busines which the country I know expects
of this Congress. I hope the resolution may
be referred.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I trust this
resolution will not be referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance. I am surprised that the motion
should have been made; although my friend,
the Senator from Vermont, almost always
does that which is right and nothing else; but
why this resolution should be referred to this
committee above all others I cannot see. If
I know anything about their duties this winter,
during the whole session I believe, the only
thing prepared by that committee was the bill
upon the currency, or the funding bill. We
spent two months about it, and sent it over to
the other House, and it is there still. Now, if
we should refer this resolution to them, and
they should act upon it with their ordinary dil-
igence, we should perhaps about the 10th or
loth of July get a report on this subject. By
that time the summer will be half over, and we
shall have been wasting our time to no purpose.
I do not believe this Congress is a bit worse
or a bit better than any other Congress I have
seen, and I have seen a great many. Every
year when you come to talk about adjourn-
ment you find Senators rising and charging
all sorts of bad conduct upon their associates
and upon themselves., They remind me very
much of the monks in the Middle Ages who ran
about with haircloths upon them and a rope
in their hands whipping themselves for the sins
which they charged themselves with. Now, if
we would add the rope, and give ourselves a
little punishment for the sins which the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts charges himself and
all the rest of us with, it might be well enough.
But, sir, to my mind the less business we do
in a general way the better for the country.
I believe we spent three months upon the
Georgia bill, and one night by a single dash
of the pen of the Senator from Kansas [Mr.
Pomeroy] our whole work was destroyed and
we got an entirely different bill, and one which
the country did not expect. N ow, the Senator
from Illinois says the country expects us to
pass a tariff bill, expects us to pass a currency
bill, expects us to pass the Georgia bill. I do
not believe the country expects any such thing.
My belief is that the country expects us to pass
the appropriations necessary to carry on the
Government, reduce the taxes, and then go
! home and attend to. our own private affairs.
When we are at home we do no harm to the
public, and while we are here we do very little
good; and therefore I think the sooner we get
off the better for ourselves and the better for
the country.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask my friend
a question, whether he had not better get a
rope for himself. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. Perhaps I had, but I
would much rather see it in the hands of the
j Senator from Nevada.
Several Senators. Let us vote,
i Mr. CAMERON. Very well, I will say no
! more.
| Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to say but a single
i word. I wish to say in a good spirit to my
, friend from Illinois that 1 like that speech
1 which he has delivered, I think, better every
I time "I hear it. Heretofore I have not gener-
ally heard it from him ; butevery long session,
as the Senator from Maine has said, whenever
] we have tried to fix a day for adjournment, be
j it early or be it late, precisely the same argu-
ments in opposition are made, and generally
! from the same gentlemen, who are so consti-
j tuted that they think nothing can be done if
I a day is fixed within which it must be done;
! whereas human experience has proved to us,
