1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
implies a return to a specie basis, and-no sub-
stitute tor it can be devised. It should be
commenced now and reached at the earliest
practicable moment consistent, with a fair re-
gard to the interests of the debtor class. Im-
medvatk resumption if practicable would not
be desirable. It would'compel the debtor class
to pay beyond their contracts the premium on
gold at the date of their purchase, and would
bring bankruptcy and ruin to thousands. Fluc-
tuations, however, in the paper value of the
measure of all values, gold, is detrimental to
the interests of trade. It makes the man of
business an involuntary gambler, for in all
sales where future payment is to be made both
parlies speculate as to what will be the value
ol the currency to be paid and received. I
earnestly recommend to you, then, such legis-
lation as will insure a gradual return to specie
payments and put an immediate stop to fluc-
tuations in the value of currency.
The methods to secure the former of these
results are as numerous as are the speculators
on political economy. To secure the latter I
see but.one way, and that is to authorize the
Treasury to redeem its own paper at a fixed
price whenever presented, and to withhold
l'rom circulation all currency so redeemed until
sold again for gold.
'I he vast resources of the nation, both devel-
oped and undeveloped, ought to make our
credit the best on earth. With a less burden
of taxation than the citizen has endured for
six years past the entire public debt could be
paid in ten years. But it is not desirable that
the people should be taxed to pay it in that
time. Year by yearthe ability to pay increases
in a rapid ratio. But the burden of interest
ought to be reduced as rapidly as can be done
without the violation of contract. The public
debt is represented in great part by bonds
having from five to twenty, and from ten to
forty years to run, bearing interest at the rate
of six per cent, and five per cent, respectively.
It is optional with the Government to pay these
bonds at any period after the expiration of the
least time mentioned upon their face. The
time has already expired when a great part of
them may be taken up, and is rapidly approach-
ing when all may be.
It is believed that all which are now due may
be replaced by bonds bearing a rate of interest,
not exceeding four and one half per cent., and
as rapidly as the remainder become due that
they may be replaced in the same way. To
accomplish this it maybe necessary to author-
ize the interest to be paid at either of three or
four of the money centers of Europe, or by any
Assistant Treasurer of the United States, at the
option of the holder of the bond. I suggest
this subject for the consideration of Congress,
and also simultaneously with this the propri-
ety of redeeming our currency, as before sug
gested, at its market value at the time the law
goes into effect, increasing the rate at which
currency will be bought and sold from day to
day or week to week at the same rate of inter-
est as Government pays upon its bonds.
The subject of tariff and internal taxation
will necessarily receive your attention. The
revenues of the country are greater than the
requirements, and may with safety be reduced.
But as'the funding ot' the debt in a four or a
four and a half per cent. loan would reduce
annual current expenses largely, thus after
funding justifying a greater reduction of taxa-
tion than would be now expedient, I suggest
postponement of t.hi3 question until the next
meeting of Congress.
It may be advisable to modify taxation and
tariff in instances where unjust or burdensome
discriminations are made by the present laws;
but a general revision of the laws regulating
this subject I recommend the postponement
of for the present. I also suggest the renewal
of the tax on incomes, but at a reduced rate,
say of three per cent., and this tax to expire
in three years.
With the funding of the national debt as
here suggested I feel safe in saying that taxes
and the revenue from imports may be reduced
safely from sixty to eighty millions per annum
at once, and may be still further reduced from
year to year as the resources of the country
are developed.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury
shows the receipts of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 18G9, to be $870,-
948,747, and the expenditures, including in-
terest, bounties, &c., to be $321,490,597.. The
estimates for the ensuing year are more favor-
able to the Government, and will no. doubt
show a much larger decrease of the public
debt.
The receipts in the Treasury beyond ex-
penditures have exceeded the amount neces-
sary to place to the credit of the sinking fund,
as provided by law. To lock up the surplus in
the Treasury and withhold it from circulation
would lead to such a contraction of the cur-
rency as to cripple trade and seriously affect
the prosperity of the country. Under these
circumstances the Secretary of the Treasury
and myself heartily concurred in the propriety
of using all the surplus currency in the Treas-
ury in the purchase of Government bonds, thus
reducing the interest-bearing indebtedness of
the country, and of submitting to Congress the
question of the disposition to be made of the
bonds so purchased. The bonds now held by
tho Treasury amount to about seventy-five mil-
lions, including those belonging to the sinking
fund. I recommend that tho whole be placed
to the credit of the sinking fund.
Your attention is respectfully invited to the
recommendations of the Secretary of the
Treasury for the creation of the office of com-
missioner of customs-revenue; forthe increase
of salaries to certain classes of officials; the
substitution of increased national bank circu-
lation to replace tho outstanding three per
cent, certificates; and most especially to his
recommendation for the repeal of laws allow-
ing shares of fines, penalties, forfeitures, &c.,
to officers of the Government, or to informers.
The office of Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue is one of the most arduous and respons-
ible under the Government. It fails but little
if any short of a Cabinet position in its im-
portance and responsibilities. I would ask for
it, therefore, such legislation as in your judg-
ment will place tho office upon a footing of
dignity commensurate with its importance and
with the character and qualifications of the
class of men required to fill it properly.
As the United States is tho freest of all
nations, so too its people sympathize with all
peoples struggling for liberty and self-govern-
ment. But while so sympathizing it is due to
our honor that we should abstain from en-
forcing our views upon unwilling nations, and
from taking an interested part, without invita-
tion, in tho quarrels between different nations
or between Governments and their subjects.
Our course should always be in conformity
with strict justice and law—international and
local. Such has been the policy of the Ad-
ministration in dealing with these questions.
For more than a year a valuable province of
Spain and a near neighbor of ours, in whom
all our people cannot, but feel a deep interest,
has been struggling for independence and free-
dom. Tho people and Government of the
United States entertain the same warm feel-
ings and sympathies for the people of Cuba in
their pending struggle that they manifested
throughout the previous struggles between
Spain and her former colonies in behalf of
the latter. But the contest has at no time
assumed the conditions which amount to a
war in the sense of international law, or which
would show the existence of a de facto polit-
ical organization of the insurgents sufficient to
justify a recognition of belligerency.
The principle is maintained, however, that
this nation is its own judge when to accord the
rights of belligerency, either to a people *trug-
gling to free themselves from a o-overnment
they believe to be oppressive or to independ-
ent nations at war with each other.
The United States have no disposition to in-
terfere with the existing relations of Spain to
her colonial possessions on this continent.
They believe that in due time Spain and other
European Powers will find their interest in term-
inating those relations and establishing their
present dependencies as independent Powers,
members of the family of nations. These de-
pendencies aro no longer regarded as subject
to transfer from one European Power to an-
other. When the present relation of colonies
ceases they are to become independent Powers,
exercising the right of choice and of self-con-
trol in the determination of their future con-
dition and relations with other Powers.
The United States, in order to put a stop to
bloodshed in Cuba, and in the interest of a
neighboring people, proposed their good offices
to bring the existing' contest to a termination.
The offer not being accepted by Spain on a
basis which we believed could be received by
Cuba was withdrawn. It is hoped that tho
good offices of the United States may yet prove
advantageous for the settlement of this unhappy
strife.
Meanwhile a number of illegal expeditions
against Cuba have been broken up. It has
been tho endeavor of the Administration to
execute the neutrality laws in good faith, no
matter how uupleasant the task, made so by
the sufferings which we have endured from lack
of like good faith toward us by other nations.
On the 26th of March last the United States
schooner Lizzie Major was arrested on tho
high seas by a Spanish frigate, and two pas-
sengers taken from it and carried a3 prisoners
to Cuba. Representations of these facts were
made to the Spanish Government as soon as
official information of them reached Washing-
ton. The two passengers were set at liberty,
and the Spanish Government assured the Uni-
ted States that the captain of the frigate in
making the capture had acted without law,
that he had been reprimanded for the irregu-
larity of his conduct, and that the Spanish
authorities in Cuba would not sanction any act
that could violate the rights or treat with dis-
respect the sovereignty of this nation.
The question of the seizure of the brig Mary
Lowell at one of the Bahama islands by Span-
ish authorities is now the subject of corre-
spondence between this Government and those
ot' Spain and Great Britain.
The Captain General of Cuba about May
last issued a proclamation authorizing search
to be made of vessels on the high seas. Im-
mediate remonstrance was made against this,
whereupon the Captain General issued a new
proclamation limiting the right of search to
vessels of the United States so far as author-
ized under the treaty of 1795. This proclama-
tion was, however, immediately withdrawn.
I have always felt that the most intimate
relations should be cultivated between the Re-
public of the United States and all independent
nations on this continent. It may bewell worth
i considering whether new treaties between us
' and them may not be profitably entered into
to secure more intimate relations—friendly,
commercial, and otherwise.
Tho subject of an interoceanic canal to con-
nect tho Atlantic and Pacific oceans through
the Isthmus of Darien is one in vvhich com-
merce is greatly interested. Instructions have
been given to our minister to the republic of
the United States of Colombia to endeavor to
obtain authority for a survey by this Govern-
ment, in order to determine the practicability
of such an undertaking, and a charter for the
right of way to build by private enterprise such
a work if the survey proves it to be practicable.
In order to comply with the agreement of
the United States as to a mixed commission
at Lima for the adjustment of claims it became
necessary to send a commissioner and secre-
tary to Lima hi August last. No appropria-
tion having beert made by Congress for this
