1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5093
bears evidence of his intelligence and of liis
ability as a manufacturer of this particular arti-
cle to succeed in it thoroughly, as thoroughly
as the circumstances of the production, manu-
facture, and demand for this article in this
country will warrant.
Is it the disposition of the Senate, after a
fair experiment has been made by a highly in-
telligent and I have no doubt a highly deserv-
ing citizen, that because his experiment turns
out to be, from the nature of things, less remun-
erative than he would desire, we are by legisla-
tion to eke out that want of natural force which
something beyond the power of Congress con-
trols? There is, as I understand, but one estab-
lishment in the United States for the production
of this metal. The proprietor of that estab-
lishment owns the mine from which the ore is
dug from which this product is extracted. He
has a protection of twenty-five cents per pound,
:is reported by the committee and approved by
the Senate, upon all that ho produces. It is
not nickel pure that is used in this country
except in the way of coinage; it is that it enters
into all the alloys which are used as the sub-
stratum for the plated wares of the country,
those substitutes for silver plate or for silver
which are so largely used by persons of more
moderate means throughout the country. Is
there any necessity for raising the cost of this
original metal beyond what the committee
have, after some deliberation, decided it is enti-
tled to? I think not. I do not recognize the
duty of the Government of the United Stales
to support at all hazards any experiment in
manufacture which maybe sought to be made.
I shall be very glad at all times to give my coun-
trymen the preference over foreigners where
ever the interests of the whole country will
permit it. The tariff being in my opinion a
matter of revenue, and not of protection per se,
I think it would be unjust to the people of this
country at large, for the purpose of sustaining
a single manufacturer, to create so large a dis-
criminating tax; upon an article entering into
consumption so largely of these alloys for the
production of plated ware.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The commit-
tee originally struck this out. It is a matter
that was the subject of a very sharp contest in
tb e House of Representatives. I know the party
who manufactures the article to be one of the
most worthy and intelligent gentlemen in this
country, and he has really invested a very large
capital in this business ; and at my solicita-
tion, on a sober second thought, the committee
agreed to recommend a duty of twenty-five
eentspcr pound. I do not feel justified in ask-
ing more. Besides, I desire to state that if it
is raised, as proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, 1 shall be compelled, in order
to do justice to the manufacturers of German
silver-ware and albata, which is manufactured
to the extent of from ten to twenty million
dollars, to raise the tariff on those articles. I
do not feel like opposing or assenting to the
proposition ; but I merely state these facts for
the consideration of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hoy in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the
question?
Mr. SCOTT. One word. I believe I did not
occupy my five minutes, and I desire to state,
before the vote is taken, that the rate proposed
by this amendment is below the rate fixed by
the House. As they sent the bill to the Senate
the rate was forty cents per pound, and the
amendment now proposes thirty-five cents.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on Finance
at first reported this article at fifteen cents per
pound. Subsequently it was raised to twenty-
five cents. Twenty-five cents is the rate as it
now stands in the bill. The duty upon nickel
under the tariff at present is fifteen per cent.
ad valorem, and the rate in the bill as it stands
is equivalent to twenty-five per cent, ad valo-
rem ; and the amendment which the Senate is
asked to assent to proposes to give thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem,.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected, there being, on a division—ayes 1G,
noes 22.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that that is the last of the reserved
amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move fo
strike out line one hundred and eighty-three,
on page 109.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is that about?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Brimstone
and sulphur. It was striken out by the Com-
mittee on Finance, but the amendment was
not agreed to in Committee of the Whole. I
ask to have a vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont proposes to amend the bill on
page 109, line one hundred and eighty-three,
by strikingout" sulphur or brimstone, crude,"
from the free list.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope that amendment
will not be agreed to. I do not wish to detain
the Senate on this subject; I expressed myself
very fully upon it the other night. I am con-
vinced that the interests of the agriculture of
the country will suffer very much more by
striking out this article from the free list thau
it is possible any other interest can suffer by
retaining it on the free list. I am. well aware
that there are some small interests in the coun-
try that will be compromised by leaving sul-
phur on the free list ; but the interests that are
consulted by leaving it o.n the free list, it seems
to me, are of immensely more moment than
those which will bo served by striking it out
of the free list. I trust that all those Senators
who desire to see the agriculture of the coun-
try prosper, or who want to introduce raw
material into the country free for the purpose
of encouraging our domestic manufactures,
will vote to retain sulphur on the free list.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe I
did not occupy any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. About one
minute.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did not
occupy any at all, if the Chair pleases. How-
ever, 1 will take one minute, as near as I pos-
sibly cau. I a m satisfied that the experiment
the Senator from South Carolina is advocating
ought to be tried: but I believe that the inter-
est that will be sacrificed by placing this arti-
cle on the free list could better afford to buy
and pay for all the sulphur he wants in order
to try the experiment, rather than to give up
the duties we can obtain on this article. Iknow
there are large amounts of capital invested in
this country which will be stricken down if this
article shall be made free. As I said before,
we have kept the duty upon it from the founda-
tion of the country, and I trust we shall con-
tinue to retain it.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator a question before he takes bis seat.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My minute
is up.
Mr. SAWYER. I have not used my five
minutes. I should like to know the amount
of capital invested in the manufactures which
putting sulphur on the free list will affect?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There are
some six or eight of them, and there is one
just put up at an expense of $250,000, every
dollar of which will be lost if this is retained
on the free list.
Mr. SAWYER. If I may ask the Senator,
what is the manufacture of which he speaks ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have argued
this question and stated the facts before, and
I do not choose to consume any time upon the
subject now. I merely ask for a vote.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have a
little information on this subject from my friend
from South Carolina. How extensive is the
use of this sulphur for agricultural purposes?
Mr/SAWYER. If I am permitted to answer
tinder the rules I shall be glad to do it-
Mr. THURMAN. You can take it out of
my time.
Mr. SAWYER. Sulphur is used for agri-
cultural purposes indirectly by the use of sul-
phuric acid, the acid being united with phos-
phate of lime to make fertilizers. The duty
upon it at present is three mills per pound, or
six dollars per ton. The cost of importing it
is $1 40 per ton, and the duty is four hundred
per cent. The duty on sulphur and bitumin-
ous coal, which enter into the composition of
the fertilizers manufactured from the phosphate
of lime, which is found in abundance in South
Carolina and somewhat in other parts of the
country, is so great that it is impossible to man-
ufacture them in this country as cheaply as they
can be manufactured in England, paying the
freight on the raw material both ways. And
yet we are asked to keep sulphur at six dollars
per ton in order that a manufacture which is
entirely a forced manufacture of sulphuric acid
from other sources may be maintained.
Mr. TIIURMAN. This is the old story of
the Government paying people to engage in an
unprofitable business to enable them to make
a profit. 1 'nope that this will not be stricken
from the free list.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will make a remark or
two in relation to this subject. Every southern
man who is interested in cotton, and every
northern man who is interested in cheapening
the productions to which wool and cotton have
any relation ought to vote to make sulphur
free if wc are to approximate to any fair com-
petition with foreign articles. The waste lands
of the South Caiolinas and of Georgia are
dependeuL upon the phosphates united with
sulphuric acid for the resuscitation of that
exhausted soil. Cotton to-day is the main
strength of this Government, whereby it is able
to sustain itself and its credit. Although the
income of $110,000 derived from this article
seems to bo a very trifling matter, yet it bears
more than ten times that amount in its effect
on the production of cheap materials for the
resuscitation of that soil. There is no interest
in this country, in my judgment, to be pro-
moted by the taxation of this article compar-
able in any way with the advantages that may
be obtained by placing sulphur on the free list.
Mr. WARNER. I hope that sulphur may
be left on the free list. Those of us who are
familiar with the condition of the soil of the
South know that perhaps one half of tke farm-
ing lands of the South under a system of slav-
ery have been impoverished. There are mil-
lions of acres of land that are utterly exhausted
and that are lying idle ; but they are capable
of producing a million bales of cotton, and
now the process is going on all over the South
of fertilizing those lands and making them pro-
ductive. 1 think the Government ought to
extend every facility in that direction that is
possible. I think itiswise so to do. By means
of these vast beds of phosphates discovered in
South Carolina we shall be able to reclaim and
make productive a vast extent of soil in the
South. It is really a matter of a great deal
of importance, not only to that section of the
country, but in the result of a large production
of cotton ; it is of national importance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Sulphuric acid is the
cheapest chemical in the world now, I think I
am very safe in saying. It does not cost more
than a cent or a cent and a half a pound, and
a pound of it will make a barrel, for aught I
know, of this phosphate manure that underlies
the State of South Carolina. I have some rea-
son to suppose—my friend from South Caro-
lina can correct me if I am wrong—that these
uliospliate gentlemen who are so anxious to
get free sulphur are digging up theirphosphates
at a large profit now; it is a very profitable
business. I have seen it stated in the papers;
I have heard, it from gentlemen who have vis-
