1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3205
as the Senator from Maine has said, tbatthe
best possible way to do business is to fix a time
beyond which we see that we must take the
responsibility of either doing something or
going back to the people and telling them that
we are uDable to do anything. _ If any unfore-
seen event occurs which makes it indispensable
that we should sit later the two Houses can
nostpone the time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall vote for this
resolution for reasons which have been as-
signed against it by other Senators. I admit
that in the eleven years that I have been here
I have never known more done in the same
time; but I will also remark, without any dis-
respect to the body, that I have never known
more mischief done in the same time. I do
not know that I have ever known so much
proposed legislation remaining to be done ;
but certainly I have never known so much
fraught with danger as remains to be done.
It has been remarked that the country expects
certain measures to be passed. It may be that
the country expects it; because judging from
the past it may expect you to do these things.
It does not follow, however, that the country
desires these measures to be passed. For
these reasons, I shall vote for the resolution.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, it is only
about five years that I have had the honoy of
occupying a seat in the Senate, and I have
observed during all that time that some mem-
bers of this body are extremely anxious to
adjourn early, and the argument generally has
been that the country is anxious that Congress
should adjourn. Now, sir, I do not believe
any such thing. I believe that we are more
anxious to adjourn, as a general thing, than the
country is to have us do so.
I am myself opposed to fixing at this time
any day for the final adjournment of Congress.
I admit, I know that this session has been a
laborious one, an exceedingly laborious ses-
sion ; but up to within ten days comparatively
little business has been done; few bills have
been passed. The most of the time has been
spent in debate, properly undoubtedly ; but
some of the time, with all the patience that
I have possessed, I have inquired of myself
whether the silent members of this body, or
those of us who speak only occasionally, have
any " rights which white men are bound to
respect." But, sir, I hope that time has
passed, and I hope we may now come to busi-
ness—to real business. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Illinois that the country expects of
this Congress certain things to be done ; espe-
cially does it expect that this Congress will
pass a funding bill by which the interest on the
public debt may be largely reduced, thereby
saving expenses and reducing taxation. It
also expects that the taxes will be largely re-
duced, and I am not willing to fix any time for
final adjournment until some bill shall be per-
fected and acted upon looking to such a result.
This present Administration in its first year
has reduced the expenses of the Government
largely, more than $60,000,000; and I am
anxious that it shall continue this reduction ;
and we must as a Congress enact some laws
reducing the taxes. I say the people expect
it ; they demand it; and I appeal to my party
friends in this Chamber, and tell them that
if they go away from here this summer with-
out meeting that demand of the people our
majority in the next Congress will be less than
it now is.
I give them this notice here to-day,and though
they may have no wish to stayliere petsonally,
yet, it they have any regard for the interests of
the party which we love, I ask them to remain
here sufficiently long to perfect certain meas-
ures at least. The newspapers say—I do not
itnow whether truthfully or not—that the Secre-
of the Treasury remarked on the floor of
t ie House the other day that he did not believe
this Republican Congress could afford to ad-
journ or would dare to adjourn till they had
g'ven him the opportunity at least to try to fund
the debt at a Ibwer rate.of interest. I do not
know whether he ever nade any such remark ;
but it is in the newspapers, and I only repeat it
here. If he did not so remark, I will say the
same thing, and commend the consideration
of the subject to every member of this body.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not propose to discuss
the propriety of adopting this resolution ; but
I have one subject to make a remark about to
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee and
to the members of that committee. For months
they have had before them bills upon a subject
of the gravest importance to this whole coun-
try, to wit, the subject of naturalization, and
we have never heard one word from that com-
mittee yet that I am aware of, and the session
is now drawing toward its close, and it would
be a great satisfaction to me, as it would be to
others, to know whether we are to hear any-
thing from that committee during the remainder
of the session upon that subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will pardon
me for correcting him. It was only three or
four days ago, in the absence of my friend from
New York, [Mr. Conkling,] that attention
was called to that subject by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] when I stated
publicly that the committee were busily en-
gaged in perfecting a bill, and I had no doubt
it would be presented within a week oc two;
that it was in the charge of the Senator from
New York, who was then on a visit to his
home.
Mr. DRAKE. I- am very happy to hear it.
I did not hear the statement made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont at the time he states he
made it. I am very happy to hear that the
subject is in hand.
Mr. STEWART. I do not know that the
Judiciary Committee needs any defense; but
I must say that I think it is as hard-working a
committee as any in this body. They meet as
many times a week, and work as many hours,
and perfect as many bills as any other com-
mittee. The subject of naturalization is a
subject which the committee have had under
consideration and have been examining dili-
gently. It is a very difficult subject. On all
occasions when it is proposed to fix the time
for adjournment or anything else the Judiciary
Committee seems to be the general obstacle;
it seems to be the great point of attack. If
my friend from Missouri was a member of the
committee, and worked as bard as some of
us do, he might have a little mercy, and not
attempt to crush that committee.
Mr. DRAKE. I was not attacking the
committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The motion
which I made is the ordinary motion. I do
not know of any case that has occurred when
such a resolution as this has not been referred
to the Committee on Finance, and I suppose
that the Senate now will, almost by a unani-
mous vote, consent that that committee shall
have charge of the subject. It does not follow
that we shall not adjourn as soon as the time
named in the resolution if it shall be commit-
ted ; but it would follow that we should hare
some reasonable cause for adjourning if-the
committee, -on examination, should report in
favor of it.
In relation to the business of that committee
I will say that while it is true that that com-
mittee must wait for the action of the other
House on most important matters before they
can come under consideration here, yet if there
is any committee that has been more assiduous
and more attentive to its'business than that
committee I am not aware of it. I suppose
the Senator from Pennsylvania is so immersed
in the business of the Committee on Agricul-
ture that it is impossible for him to see the
business of any other committee ; but if he had
paid any attention to the Committee1 on Finance
he would have seen that at least it is only sec-
ond in importance to the Committee on Agri-
culture. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I am personally very
desirous to adjourii as early as the 4th of July,
and I believe that by a proper method of con-
ducting our business we can adjourn at that
time; but I do not think that it would now be
wise to fix the day of adjournment. I shall
vote for the reference proposed by the Senator
from Vermont.
But I ought to go one step further in regard
to a matter of public business. The Committee
on Finance have been laboring for some time
industriously, examining the question of the
reduction of taxation. We have the pleasing
prospect before us of largely reducing our taxes
to fully perhaps as large an amount as Senators
expect from statements that have been made
in the public prints and from the Secretary of
the Treasury. The difficulty about the subject
is that the Senate cannot originate a tax bill,
although the Senate may originate a bill re-
pealing taxes. The Senate might, in anticipa-
tion of the action of the House upon the inter-
nal revenue bill and the tariff bill, introduce
a bill here for the reduction of taxes; but the
Committee on Finance have felt some hesita-
tion in doing it lest we might seem to trespass
upon the proper functions of the House of Rep-
resentatives. I am satisfied, though, now, from
the state of business in the House of Repre-
sentatives, that it is wisfe and prudent for the
Senate to enter upon the discussion of the
reduction of taxes.
Perhaps I may go so far as to say that the
Committee on Finance in due time, probably
within a very few days, will be able to report
some bill on that subject; but certainly until
that question is disposed of, or in the way of
being disposed of, we cannot fix the day of
adjournment; nor can we properly fix the day
of adjournment, in my judgment, until the
appropriation bills are in a further state of
advancement than they are now. Up to this
time I believe not a single regular annual
appropriation bill has passed the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Except the inva-
lid pension bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The invalid -pension bill
is a mere matter of form. Ail the other ap-
propriation bills are back. I can only say that
if the resolution is referred to the Committee
on Finance, I, as one member of it, will cer-
tainly try to facilitate the business of that com-
mittee so as to adjourn on the 4th of July,
because I believe legislation here in July and
August would be very vicious indeed. It is
destructive to the health of Senators and mem-
bers, and I think we ought to go home to oar
constituents by that time, and I believe we can
do so by properly husbanding the'intermediate
time. I shall vote for the reference of the res-
olution. • •
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not agree with the
other members of the Committee on Finance
who have Spoken on this subject, and although
I am indifferent as to whether or not the reso-
lution is referred I think we might pass it at
this time without the consideration of any
committee. Many complaints have been made
in Congress and out of Congress abtmt the
number of speeches that are 'made here, and
those complaint* will continue and the speeches
will be made until Congress becomes satisfied
that it must work and not speak; but just so
long as the matter is left open1 every question
that arises here will be discussed at a. great
expenditure of time. It appears to me that
within the next two months, if we see the
necessity for so doing, we can accomplish all
that we are expected to accomplish. The bills
that have been referred to. are bills that are
generally passed within the last two or three
weeks of the session. Since I have been here
the appropriation bills have generally ■ been
huddled into a few of the last days of the ses-
sion, and that will be the case bow. We may
sit here until next October, and we shall not
pass those bills until just at the end of the
session ^ and if we adjourn on the 4th of July
we shall pass them just before Congress ad-
journs. That is the inevitable course that
