J870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41B
standing that this Government would protect
them in doing it. It failed to do that. It per-
mitted their homes to be desolated, permitted
them to be driven from the country, and it
allowed them to be outraged in every manner.
And yet they maintained their loyalty to the
Government faithfully and firmly; and when
the Government came there at last, after be-
holding their wreck and their ruin, it took
their property and appropriated it to the use
of the Army and the Government; and are
we then to be told that it shall not pay for the
property thus taken?
I have hoard the statement that there is no
law, and no particle of law, human or divine,
none known among honorable men or even
among robbers, that would allow a Govern-
ment thus to pillage its own friends and refuse
compensation for it. I therefore understand
it to be the purpose of the friends of this meas-
ure to pledge at least the honor of the Gov-
ernment to those who preserved their alle-
giance faithfully and truly to the Government
to pay them for all the property that was taken
in a legitimate way and used by the armies,
and which went to the benefit of the Govern-
ment and which was used by the Government
for the purpose of putting down the rebellion.
I do not understand the morality or the virtue
of the individual who would deny to those per-
sons under the circumstances compensation for
what was rightfully theirs.
Now, sir, I know that these individuals are
few, and they are far away from the Govern-
ment, and their voice is very faint and very
weak here. I have seen this for a number of
long years; but, nevertheless, the obligation
to discharge these faithful duties to their own
citizens is as firmly binding on the Govern-
ment now as it ever was. The solemn injunc-
tions of common honesty are the same to-day
that they were years ago, and will bo 111 all
time to come.
Again, sir, T state that it is the duty of this
Government and of every good citizen in it to
show a disposition to mitigate the asperities of
war and make up the losses of those who were
faithful to it under the perilous circumstances
that attended the late rebellion, as far as it is
in its power to do so.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I wish to state
the view I have of this bill very briefly
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Arkansas allow me to make a proposition'.' I
do not wish to take up time.
Mr. RICE. As soon as I make a proposition
I will give the Senator from Ohio a chance to
make his.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to make a
speech, but to submit a proposition.
Mr. RICE. All I wish to do is to submit a
proposition, and that is that this vote be a test
vote on whether the Government intends to
pay these claims or not.
Mr. HOWE. On this amendment?
Mr. RICE. Yes.
Mr. HOWE. Oh, no.
Mr. RICE. I want it that way._ \V e may
as well know it to-night as at any time.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the Senator from Ohio
if he will give way for a moment. T desire to
have the last two lines of section three reported
by the Secretary.
Mr. THURMAN. I give way for that pur-
pose.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask for the reading of
the last two lines of section three.
The CniEi? Clerk. Section three at its close
declares:
And no claim so allowed shall be paid until the
money shallbe appropriated specifically by Congress
for that purpose.
Mr. THURMAN. I rose to propose that
we should take the vote in naif an hour; but I
tind I cannot get unanimous consent to do that.
Therefore, I have no proposition to make.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Inasmuch as we have
declined to pass this bill over, and have it
therefore before us with the evident intention
on the part of the Senate of acting upon it
finally, I feel justified in taking whatever time
I think is necessary to state my views about it.
They will be interesting to myself and to my
constituents, if to nobody else.
The Senator from Wisconsin is mistaken
when he told us, if I correctly understood him,
that this was just such a bill as we had passed
as to West Virginia and as to Tennessee, ex-
cept that it had less efficacy, because in the
West Virginia and Tennessee cases we author-
ized the payment of the sums due for quarter-
masters' stores to persons who should establish
their loyalty. The statute did not undertake
to define how loyalty should bo established,
but it must be found as a fact; and it was
before the Supreme Court had discovered that
the only real and sufficient and conclusive evi.
dence of loyalty was the fact that a man had
been a traitor and had got a pardon. _ This bill
provides that loyalty shall he proved in one of
two ways; not in both of two ways, but in
either of two ways, one of which is 11 con-
duct." That would amount to something if
it stopped there; but if "conduct" does not
do, then you can establish it "by speech:''
Provided, That no claim shall be allowed exccpt
for property pioperly designated as quartermasters
stores of which the United States has ha.d the uso,
nor unless due proof shall be prcsoiitod of such con-
duet, or of snieU fpeech of tlio party from who in
such stores were taken or roccivcd as shall establish
the fact of his loyally.
So that if a roan has fought all day against
the United States and talked loyalty all night—
and from our experience in the Court ot Claims
and otherwise we know that there are a great
many cases of that kind—he can come in under
this bill. Whenever a man had a claim,_ or
expected to have one, or thought the rebellion
was going to slunk, if he could not fight it
through, lie can always make proof of an ox
cellent speech ; so that if a man fails to show
that his conduct has bcon otherwise than re-
bellious and treasonable ho can resort to the
other method of proof, by showing that be has
declared to his friend—to his uncle, to his aunt,
to his cousin, that after all bo thought the
rebellion was a mistake ; that he would have
been much better satisfied to have been on the
other side ; as, I believe, General Lee did. I
think he could conic in under this bill without
1,1 h) least doubt; and in fact the armies of the
United States got more quartermasters' stores
and commissary stores from him than from
any other rebel I happen to think of at this
moment.
It is a new phase in legislation to provide
that when a rebel cannot make out that his
conduct has been such as to entitle him to a
claim upon the Government he may make it
out by speech; but that is what this bill says
in terms. The old bill said that the fact itself
must exist, without undertaking to say that it
might be made to exist by showing that the
party claiming had, on some convenient occa-
sion, stated and asserted that he stood on what
is called praying-ground. 1 am surprised that
a committee should have reported a provision
which would seem to invite duplicity and fraud
and false swearing. Every man in the southern
States almost can come in under this bill, no
matter what his conduct may havo been; and
get pay for his quartermaster and his com-
missary stores.
Now, what are quartermaster or commissary
stores? I need not divide between them; take
the two together, not to occupy too much time;
they cover almost everything an army has oc-
casion to use, except powder and shot and
cannon. Every horse, every rail, every field
of wheat, every ship, every locomotive, every-
thing that an army needs lor its use, except
food, would fall under one head; and evoiy
thing that it needed for its supplies ol the
soldiery in the way of food and support would
fall under the other head. So that every man in
the southern States whose fields were marched
over and his crops Jsaken, his horse taken, his
rails taken, hia house used, would c&me in under
one head or the other j and all that it is required
for him to show as the sufficient proof of loy-
alty (because the act points oat wMt that
proof is to be) is to show that on a convenient
occasion he declared—and that would' be the
time when the soldiery were there, of eourse,
and took his stores—that he was a loyal man,
and that therefore they ought not to take them,
or ought to gWe a receipt; and every- rebel
would feel justified on principles Of wai>, ev^n
an honorable man would feel justified, upon
the principle of being deceitful to att enemy,
when his house was invaded and they were abo-ut
to take his horse, in lying to the troops of the
United States in order to save his property.
It is recognized in the authors that are referred
to as fair play in war to deceive and lie to an
enemy. And this is not confined to cases where
the officer has been sufficiently satisfied ,of loy-
alty to authorize him to give a receipt for the
property; but if he has taken it. it is enough;
Now, it is said that it is very hard on loyal ipen;
a man has lost all his horses in the course of the
war, and they were worth a thousand orten thou-
sand dollars, and, as a friend suggests, he does
not know which army took them. But suppose
he did; how were the farmers and people who
own horses in the North being treated at the
same time? They were called upon year after
year to pay the most heavy and burdensome
taxes into the Treasury, amounting in the
course of the four or five years of war to prob-
ably one tenth of all that the country pos-
sessed, or perhaps I ought to say one fifth of
the whole property of the northern States was
taken into the Treasury of the Government as
a burden which was imposed on the loyal peo-
ple of the North, which the southern people did
not pay at all. Therefore, if a southern man
lias turned into the Army $1,000 worth of
horses, he will find that his brother on the
other side of the line has turned into the Treas-
ury taxes to pay for $1,000 worth of horses.
All these southern claimants paid no taxes ;
they rendered no support to the Government
in any of the respects we are now speaking of
cxccpt in the fact that their property, when
the Army had reached them where it could
deliver them, was used to a necessary and
proper extent, for the support of the Army.
Now, Mr. President, it appears to me that
it is going a good way to undertake to declare
in advance that we will pay for everything
execpt gunpowder and cannon and shot taken
in the southern States by our armies without
receipt, without voucher, without anything to
identify either the owner or the circumstances
under which it was taken, and with only the
proof (as you can always make proof of that
kind) that the party from whom it was taken,
at the time it was taken, or at any other time
when he can prove it more conveniently, had
declared that he was a loyal man and was on
the winning side, whichever that might turn
out to be. .
I hope that the amendment of my friend
from Oregon will be adopted, which only car-
ries out, what my friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Claims, asserts to be the true
meaning of the bill, and I have no doubt he
believes it; but it does not carry out what the
Senator from Tennessee declares to be the
true meaning of the bill, and that is, that the
bill as it stands is a pledge—I quote his very
words—a pledge on the part of this Govern-
ment to pay for every description of property
and to every description of person that is
named in this bill, without any guard or guar-
antee whatever. If we intend to pledge oui-
selves in advance to this, then let us say so
and reject this amendment; but if we only
intend to make this an inquiry in^° * , .
circumstances and have a rePor^>
sav that in express terms, so that there shall be
there is one
feature in this bill which, in my estimation
should be fatal to it; and that is, that eve.y
