1318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
as the Ruler among the nations.; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of the Cigar-
makers' Union No. 48, of the city of Toledo,
Ohio, praying that tire proviso in section eighty-
seven of the internal revenue act of July 20,
1868, be expunged, and a tariff of three dol-
lars per pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem,
enforced on all imported cigars; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislative Assembly of Kansas, asking that
.the Indians in said State may be removed there-
from to special reservations; also, that railroads
may be given the right of way through Indian
lands; which were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Kansas, instructing their
Senators in Congress to vote for an appropria-
tion of $600,000 for custom-house, post office,
Ac., at Leavenworth; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of Kansas, remonstrating against
any further reduction of the Army, and asking
for increased protection on the frontier against
the Indians; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Kansas, praying Congress
to pass the bill of the Senate, No. 369, creat-
ing additional land offices in said State; which
were referred to the Committee oa Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I present also a petition
from one hundred and twenty-seven citizens of
the State of Connecticut, relating to the ques-
tion of suffrage. These petitioners suggest that
suffrage should be made equal to all the citi-
zens of the United Statesj and in that I con-
I move that the petition be referred to
cur.
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present the
memorial of E. and F. Fairbanks & Co., of
Saint Johnsbury, Vermont, among the largest
consumers of steel in New England, remon-
strating against any further addition to the
duties levied upon steel, and petitioning for a
reduction of the same. I move its reference to
.the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT, I present a memorial, num-
erously signed by citizens of Newton county,
Missouri, remonstrating against the passage
of the resolution granting additional time to
the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company
and the South Pacific Railroad Company,
which are now consolidated and form one com-
pany, for the completion of their road to the
western border of Missouri, and giving numer-
ous reasons why it should not be extended.
That subject has been acted upon by the Com-
mittee on the Pacifrc Railroad, and I move that
the petition be laid o^the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citizens
of Nebraska, praying the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CAMERON presented thfe petition of
the medical faculty of Bradford County, Penn-
sylvania, praying the enactment of a law con-
ferring upon the medical officers of the Navy j
such relative rank and privileges in the service
as will protect them against the arbitrary con- j
duct of superior officers; which was referred j
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. j
Mr. SPENCER. I present a memorial of i
the General Assembly of the State of Alabama,
in favor of the establishment of a national !
postal telegraph system; and as it is short, I j
ask that it be read. I
The Secretary read as follows :
Joinv resolutions in favor of the establishment of a
national postal telegraph ayttem.
Be it resolved by the Senate ofAlabama, (the house
ofrepresent&tiresConcurring,)Thatthecheapest and '
freest possible use of every means of rapid commu-
nication between the people of different parts of
onr country is essential to the promotion of the
highest civilization and the most perfect unity, and
that in the present state of scientific development
such a means of communication can be best afforded
to all tho people by the establishment of a national
postal telegraph system, under the control of the
General Government.
Sec. 2. lie it further resolved, That our Senators in
Congress be instructed, and our Representatives
requested, to use their best endeavors and influence
for the establishment, by act of Congress, of a na-
tional postal telegraph, which shall afford to the
people abundant facilities for telegraphic corre-
spondence. with equal charges for like distances in
all parts of the country.
Sec. o. Be it further resolved. That a certified copy
of these resolutions shiUl be sent by tbo Governor,
under tho great seal oFthe State, to the President
of the United States Senate and the Speaker of the
IIouso of Representatives, with the request that
the same may bo laid before the respective Houses
of Congress, and that a copy bo sent to each Senator
and Representative in Congress from Alabama.
Mr. SPENCER. As a bill lias beeu reported
on that subject from the Post Office Committee,
I move the resolutions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of Mrs.
Sarah Hutchins, and the papers relating to her
case,praying compensation for certain property
in Florida destroyed by United States troops;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WARNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
Legislative Assembly of the State of California,
relative to the building of a breakwater at
Crescent City, California; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. COKBETT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Oregon, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of Louisiana, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
S. R. Johnson, Boyaton, Virginia; of W. A.
Gillespie, Louisa county, Virginia; of Reuben
F. Watts, Giles county, Virginia; of James L.
Davis, Richmond, Virginia; of Virginius Free-
man, Virginia; of James Hoey, Virginia; of J.
H. Henry, Virginia, praying the removal oftheir
political disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Isaac Ver-
million, of Norfolk county, Virginia, and of
Robert Vaughn, of Grayson county, Virginia,
praying the xemoval of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of A. G.
and B. P. Lee, praying compensation for prop-
erty in Kentucky used by the United States
during the rebellion; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
I1ARB0R OP RETOOK ON BLOCK ISLAND.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present resolutions of
the General Assembly of the State of Rhode
Island and Providence Plantations, asking for
a harbor of refuge on Block Island; and 1 beg
to trespass for a few minutes on the indulgence
of the Senate, while I call attention to the great
importance of this work, which is one of much
interest to the people of the State which I have
the honor, in part, to represent, and which is
intended.for the protection of the vast com-
merce, estimated from official sources at not
less than two hundred vessels daily, which
passes th&t exposed and stormy point, liable
to all the damage of detention ana to destruc-
tion by the fury of the elements.
I undertake, after a careful examination of
the subject, to say that there is not among all
those objects of river and harbor improvement
for which the aid of the Government is so often
invoked, and to which it is"so grudgingly given, j
one of more importance than this; one more '
commends itself to the enlightened judgm ent of
the Senate; not one which will tend more to
the security of commerce, to the safety of navi-
gation, to the preservation of life, to the public
defense. It is not a local improvement; it. is
intended for the benefit, of the whole com-
merce of the country; of New York most of
all, because the commerce of New York is
greatest of all.
Block Island, standing midway between
Point Judith and Montauk Point, commands
the entrance to Long Island sound, and both
in a commercial and a naval view may be
regarded as the most important undefended
point on the Atlantic coast. There is no other
point where so moderate an expenditure would
afford so much protection to commerce in
peace and so much defense to the country in
war. A point of so great importance would
not have been left undefended, but under the
old systems of warfare it was a position ex-
ceedingly difficult to maintain. It, would have
required a large force, and would even then
have been liable to capture; and once cap-
tured it would have furnished an enterprising
enemy with great facilities for annoyance.
But with steam vessels and iron-clads, with the
enormous armaments with which the recent war
has familiarized us, with the improvements iu
projectiles and in the range of guns, this objec-
tion entirely disappears ; and an artificial har-
bor at Block Islaud can readily be defended
against any force that could be brought against
it. Nature itself has defended the whole island
by the very condition which renders an arti-
ficial harbor necessary; and the character of
the land combines with the inhospitality of the
sea to the same end. All this fully appears in
the report made to the engineer department.
Indeed, if I could command the attention of
the Senate to an attentive listening to that
report I would much rather rely upon it than
upon anything that I can say to enforce the
claims of this point to protection, or rather the
claims of the commerce of the country and of
the great region, densely populated, productive,
and filled with the accumulations of industry,
which is accessiblejthrough Long Island sound,
to the protection which they can secure only
by a harbor of refuge on Block Island. Upon
the commercial importance of such a harbor,
Colonel Houston, in his report, says :
"The advantages of a harbor of refuge at Block
Island to our merchant mariuecannot be accurately
calculated. Alter careful inquiry I have been unable
to obtain exact data as to tho actual amount of prop-
erty or the number and value of vessels that annu-
ally pass this point, great numbers of them passing
and repassing many times in the course of the vear;
bat from the best intarmiUion that I can get I con-
clude that two hundred vessels per day is a low
estimate for the average daily number that pass
Within fifteen or twenty miles of this point, (I have
counted one hundred and iifty vessels in sight there
at one time.) every one of wliioh would be liablo to
bo benefited iu one way or another by a harbor there.
One of the greatest annoyanccs and injuries to which
our merchantmen aro subjected is the detention inci-
dent to coming on this coast in bad weather. In
case vessels coming from sea or along the coast are
met in this vicinity by a northerly storm, unable to
make Narragansett bay, they are obliged either to
put to sea again or run tor the eapesof the Delaware
for shelter, to avoid the dangers of tho coast. This
causes long delays and ol'ten loss of lifo and property,
to say nothing of the wear and tear of vessels and
their equipments in riding out the storms. They
then return, and often by the time they get back
within sight of the ' haven where they would be,'
adverse winds compel a repetition of the Mine
running beloro the storm. I have the testimony of
numbers of reliablo men that owiug to this cause
alono they have been thirty or forty days in getting
past Block Island into port, and that, too, with val-
uable cargoes on board. In this day of rapid eout-
municatioii such delays arc of the greatest detriment,
and they would bo avoided by a harbor attnatpoint.
for then the vessels could anchor in safety till the
storm waa over, and then proceed at ouce to their
destination. There is not a vessel of any class ot
character, not a.pound of freight of any kind, nor a
man passing back or forth in our coasting trade out
what would be benefited by a national work hero.
The rates of insurance arid of freights past this point
should be reduced by it, as tho hazard of transport-
ation would be greatly lessened. t .
"The annual saving of property, in vessels a a
cargoes, that would result trorn a harbor of rciaf"
at Block Island is variably estimated by different
persons. But the testimony of some ot our mw*
experienced and reliable merchants and ship-ow":
€rs iftfeces the annual having of property that wow«
