3206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
those bill* take. I shall vote for the reso-
lution m it passed the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I conour with
the Senator from Ohio. I doubt whether it is
wise to fix the day of adjournment at the pres-
ent tiuie. I canuot say that it is not practi-
cable to accomplish all that Congress expects
to accomplish, or that the country expects to
be accomplished by Congress, by the 4th of
July; bat can any Senator hero tell me that
he knows it can be done ? Has any Senator
here information sufficient on that subject to
justify a judgment that it can be done ? There
is the tariff bill. What of it? Who knows
about that? Can auy Senator rise in his place
and Bay that the tariff bill is in that condition
that he believes it will come from the House
to the Senate in season for the Senate to con-
sider it and to pass it within the time named ?
If he does he Knows more than I do. If he
oan tell us that the tariff bill is likely to reach
the Senate in this month he knows more than
I do. If he thinks the probabilities are that
it will, he knows more of the probabilities,
even, than I do. Now, I ask any Senator here
whether, with that great measure pending which
has occupied the attention of the House of
Representatives for five months, he is willing
to say to the country now that he will fix on
the 4th of July to leave here, whether that bill
passes or not ? Will it not go to the country
as the judgment of the Senate that it is more
important to adjourn on the 4th of J uly than
to pass that bill ?
Besides, sir, what of the tax bill? A tax
bill has been reported in the House of Repre-
sentatives. It is a very big subject. It will
cover a great deal of time necessarily in the
Hovse. It will be antagonised against the
appropriation bills, almost all of which, of
any consequence, except the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial appropriation bill and the
Indian bill, are still lingering in the House.
With those in antagonism, who can tell how
mnch time will be consumed ou those two bills ?
Are we ready to say to the country that we will
fix the day of adjournment now, whether those
kills are properly considered by the House or
not?
It may be said that the House know what
they are about; and they have sent this reso-
lution with all those bills before them. That
ma; be. They may think that they can pass
these bills daring the next month; but they
oaght to reflect that bills which have required
them 6ix whole monthB to consider ought rea-
sonably perhaps to be considered by the Sen-
ate, and unless they are to be taken as a whole
there is very little probability in my judgment
that the Senate will be in a condition to
adjourn on the 4th of July, unless Senators
are willing to say to the country, by fixing the
day, "We will adjourn on that day whether
those bills are considered or not." It strikes
me that it is inexpedient to take any step from
which such an inference oan be drawn by the
country. We ought to-sit here patiently and
await the action of the House, in which these
bills necessarily originate, and when they come
to ns we can tell when we oan adjourn, and it
seems to me we cannot do so before.
I wish to say a word now with reference to
a remark which has fallen from my friend from
Delaware, [Mr. Saolsbuet,] and I do not know
bnt that the idea has been given currency to
on the other side of the Chamber; and that
is, that this Congress has talked a great deal,
which I agree is true, and done little, very little,
next to nothing. I do not sympathise with that
idea j I do not feel, in the first place, that I owe
any apologp to the Senate for talking on my
part; and in the second place, I believe it is
true that Congress has been as industrious this
session in its labors as at any other since I have
been in the Senate. I believe it will show in
the bills which have been passed, which I trust
trill commend themselves in some good sense
to the judgment of the country, in the number
and importance of the bills, that it has been
as productive of results as any session since
the close of the war at any rate. Now, sir, we
have passed at this session three hundred and
eighty-nine bills through the Senate. One hun-
, dred and forty-five ot those bills have been
; passed in the last eight days under the general
, rule under which we have been acting; and
if the work has been well and considerately
done I submit to my honorable friend from
Delaware that that is a record of business of
which the honorable Senator may well be proud,
being a constituent member of the Senate. As
to the mischief which he thinks has been con-
templated and which has not been done, ho
should be hopeful that the mischief which we
have prevented heretofore will be prevented
in the future.
Mr. SAUL8BURY. If my honorable friend
will allow me to make a remark, 1 know that
"hope springs eternal in the human breast
but, from my observation in this body for a
number of years, all hope has left me of any
good to be derived from its action.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If my friend was
more "human" he would be more hopeful.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the Calendar. This resolution
will go on the Calendar of resolutions.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not this a privileged
question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Whether priv-
ileged or not it is subject to the rules of the
Senate. The Senate has adopted an order, to
be in force after one o'clock each day uuless
dispensed with by unanimous consent or re-
scinded, to proceed to the consideration of the
Calendar. This resolution must therefore go
on the Calendar of resolutions.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. McCREERY. Will it be in order to
present a petition ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be by
unanimous consent. The order of the Senate
is now about to be executed, one o'clock hav-
ing arrived. There has been no morning busi-
ness received thiB morning. Is it the pleasure
of the Senate that the Chair shall call for the
morning business? ["Itis."J ThentheChair
will first call for petitions and memorials.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
John B. Bland, of Louisville, Kentucky, pray-
ing to be remunerated for certain losses sus-
tained by him during the late war in the burn-
ing of a building used by United States troops;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petitions of
Gooden Adcock, John Reeves, C. A. Smith,
A. O. Emory, B. F. Matthews, F. A. Me
Murray, C. C. Ealow, J. M. Miokle, J. M.
Anderson, David Man ley, L. D. Ford, and W.
E. White, of Randolph county, Alabama; of
E. Baker, W. S. Penick, G. W. Benson, and
S. D. Oliver,of Elmore county, Alabama; of
A. B. Eiland, and S. F. Waddell, of Russell
county, Alabama; of G. F. Taylor, F. B. Hol-
liday, J. S. Roberson, A. L. Roberson, George
M. Micham, and J. M. Hill, of Chambers
county, Alabama; of P. H. Carmichel, and
J. F. Hurst, of Coosa county, Alabama; of J.
S. Holliday, of Atlanta, Georgia; of P. H.
Brassell, of Fayette county, Georgia;. of A. J.
Daniel, Jeptha Daniel, H. H. Cook, Rufus
Wood, and W. M. H. Watts, of Heard county,
Georgia; of Stephen Renfrow, of Fayette
county, Georgia ; of W. M. Bartlett, of Far-
bon county, Georgia; of J. W, Steel, of Gon-
zales, Texas; of J. M. Norwood, L. F. McCoy, i
S. Toomer, and George D. Hooper, of Lee j
county, Alabama; of S. M. Baker, of Russell
county, Alabama; of W. H. Nance and L. E.
Parsons, of Talladega county, Alabama; of !
John V.Wright, of W mchester, Tennessee ; of
Thomas C. Clark and Samuel W. Cockwell,
of Eutaw, Alabama; of William A. Glover,
Alfred Glover, William Glover, and Walton
Glover, of Forkland, Alabama; of Samuel E.
Johnson, J. McKee Gould, and Daniel G.
Mayes, of Boligee, Alabama; of William Mitch-
ell, of Alabama, and of Turner Ileavis, of
Gainesville, Alabama, praying for the removal
of the legal and political disabilities imposed
upon them by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, sellers of house-
hold wringers of various manufactures, remon-
strating against the passage of the House bill
No. 1492, for the extension of John Young's
patent for washing and wringing machines;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Inresentthc
memorial of II. Moffit & Co., of Waterbury,
Vermont, remonstrating against the extension
of the patent of John Young for washing and
wringing machines; and they state that accord-
ing to their best information not less than two
hundred thousand wringing machines are man-
ufactured and sold per annum, and this num-
ber ia increasing yearly; and that it will reduce
the cost largely to the public if the patent is not
extended. I move that this memorial lie ou
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Phebe Hepburne, of Waverly, Tioga county,
New York, praying to be indemnified for losses
sustained in the accidental destruction of cer-
tain land warrants; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to present, also, the
memorial of a large number of ship-owners of
the city of New York, among whom are the
firms ot'C. II. Marshall & Co., Griunell, Min-
turn & Co., andNathaniel L. and George Gris-
wold. These gentlemen are so prominent in
the business of New York, aud so well known
to the country, that 1 will take the liberty of
stating pretty fully the object of their memo-
rial. They ask to be heard in opposition to the
passage of the bill known as the Lynch bill,
providing for subsidies to certain lines of Amer-
ican vessels. Such subsidies can only be injuri-
ous, they state, to the general shipping interests
of America, by increasing the present ruinous
competition. They further represent that if
Congress shall decide to grant subsidies for the
encouragement and increase of the American
shipping interest justice requires that such sub-
sidies should be equitably apportioned among
all American vessels, witkoutdistinction, which
are employed in foreign trade, where they are
exposed to the competition of the ships and
steamers of foreign nations. Other consider-
ations are presented why the bill known as the
Lynch bill should not receive the favorable
consideration of Congress. I move that this
memorial be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Sarah Carson, of Barnwell county, South Car-
olina, praying compensation for property de-
stroyed by the United States troops during the
late war ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. CONKLING presented two memorials
of citizens of New York, sellers of household
wringers of various manufactures, remonstrat-
ing against the passage of the House bill No.
1492, for the extension of John Young's patent
for was'niug and wringing machines; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of James
Smith, William .Syphax, William Cook, and
others, messengers in the Department of the
Interior, praying for an increase of compensa-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Jonathan W. Wright, John B. Wright, David
Filler, Noah Counts, William Sutherland, Jacob
Deel, James H. Deel, John Clevinger, Mat-
