4150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
claim -which is passed upon by the Quarter-
master General or the Commissary General is
to be passed on ex parte evidence alone. There
is to be no opportunity for the United States
to cross-examine witnesses, no opportunity for
any inquiry or investigation. All that these
officers are to act upon is simply that which the
claimant or his assignee brings before them.
Now, sir, I venture to say that in no other
than cases of this description does the United
States suffer itself to pay out money from the
Treasury upon evidence of this kind. You
require every man who lives in the loyal States
and has a claim against the Government to go
into the Court of Claims, where that claim is
not definitely in official form for one Depart-
ment or the other to act upon; you require
him to go into the Court of Claims there to
have his case investigated, and the Government
cross-examines his witnesses.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator wants to be cor-
rect, I know.
Mr. DRAKE. I do, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Instead of requiring such
claimants to go into the Court of Claims, since
July 4, 1864, they have absolutely all of them,
in every part of the country, been forbidden
to go into the Court of Claims with any such
claim as this; and in all sections of the coun-
try except those which we call the insurrec-
tionary States they were required to go before
the Quartermaster General or Commissary Gen-
eral. When Tennessee was admitted into the
Union, and when West Virginia was admitted,
such claimants in those States were authorized
to go to the Quartermaster General or Com-
missary General.
Mr. DRAKE. I was referring not to claims
of this character, but to claims within the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims; and wherever
such claims are presented the United States
can have an opportunity to cross-examine wit-
nesses, and can sift the case to the bottom.
But here is a proposition to enable all par-
ties to go before these military officers upon
ex parte cases which the Government can have
no opportunity whatever of investigating, and
every man is to be entitled to have an award
in his favor who makes out a prima facie case.
Well, Mr. President, I cannot consider it
consistent with my duty as one of the guardians
of the public interest here to throw open the
doors of the Treasuryto anysuch depredations
as will be committed upon it should this bill
become a law ; for, sir, pass this bill, however
guardedly, and it will result in the payment of
every dollar that the Quartermaster General
and the Commissary General reports in favor
of. You may guard it now; you may say that
nothing shall be paid without a direct appro-
priation by Congress; you may say that this is
only an investigation ; but who does not know
that when the investigation has been had, and
a report made by one of these officers, that
report will be a fulcrum for the lever that is to
move Congress, and that every dollar will
eventually be paid that is reported favorably
upon?
Sir, we are drifting fast enough in the course
of events to that consummation that we may
confidently look for, to wit, that in the due
course of years it shall be pretty well made out
that there never was a rebel in the southern
Slates. That is pretty near what we are com-
ing to. With pardon and amnesty entitling
parties, under a decision of the Supreme Court,
in spite of the direct prohibition contained in
the acts of Congress, to sue the United States
in the Court of Claims, though they fought the
Government for four years and then were par-
doned, and with this act allowing the loyalty
of claimants to be proved by exparle evidence,
we are drifting rapidly to the point when it will
corne very near being established by any amount
of sworn testimony that there never was a rebel
in the southern States.
I do not myself feel disposed thus to throw
open the doors of the Treasury. At the same
time I am desirous that every really loyal man ,
who furnished stores to the Army shall be paid
to the uttermost cent; but I want that his loy-
alty should be established in some other way
than by ex parte evidence which he brings there,
and which the Government has no possible
chance to investigate, rebut, or contradict.
For these reasons I never can vote for this
bill. If the gentlemen who take an interest in
it will put it in a shape in which this objection
can be obviated, I think I may see my way clear
to support it.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, if the bill is to
pass I certainly shall favor the amendment of
the Senator from Oregon; but I think I can
s%e very great danger in the passage of this bill.
I think the proof of loyalty required in this
bill will be very convenient for many men at
the South, and it may be readily illustrated.
In early times it was not considered a very
reputable thing to be an abolitionist in the
northern States. I was once present at Dr.
Cheever's church, at what he styled an annual
abolition sermon, when one of his deacons
said to him, "Brother Cheever, why do you
always want to be preaching about abolition-
ism ? I am just as good an abolitionist as you
are, but I do not always want to be talking about
it.'' Dr. Cheever said the reason he stated that
was that in the day of judgment he wanted to
be able to prove by a reputable witness that he
had declared that he was an abolitionist, and
just as good a one as Cheever. [Laughter.]
When the citadel was stormed and taken he
wanted this reputable witness, Dr. Cheever, to
swear, if necessary, in the day of judgment that
he was just as good an abolitionist as Cheever
was. Now, this bill says the proof of loyalty
shall be " by conduct or speech." The Sena-
tor from North Carolina told me the other day
that in his own State there came a man in to
sell a slave; he had not heard that slavery was
abolished. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think that was in
Florida. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. Well, let it be Florida; that
widens the range. He had not heard that
slavery was abolished, and wanted to sell a
slave! What side did he take in this fight?
He had been taxed to help support the rebel
govern ment, and yet he could prove by his slave,
no doubt, that he wanted to sell, that he had
said he was a Union man! Mr. President, it
opens the door so wide that it utterly drains
the Treasury of the United States, and loads
us down with taxation for years to come.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] has proposed to reduce taxation,
and we are told that the public debt has been
reduced from seventy-five to one hundred mil-
lion dollars in the last twelve months; but
here, Mr. President,-is a project to load it down
with $200,000,000 more. I want to know of
the Senate of the United States when the debt
is to be paid if this kind of legislation is to be
tolerated for one moment? We reduce it
$100,000,000, and wo increase our indebted-
ness $200,000,000 in another direction!
I have had some little experience in this kind
of thing; not much in rebellion; but I recol-
lect a case that is historic in the State of New
York. In oldeu times every canal contractor
came forward for extra services, and he could
prove by his fellow contractors that it cost him
from seventy to one hundred and twenty cents
a yard for excavating a certain material where
his contract price was thirty cents, and he had
to appeal to the magnanimity of the Legislature
to award it to him. The times changed, and
New York adopted a policy that was known as
the "stop-and pay policy." They repudiated
the contracts that were made, and then claims
came up in another shape. Then the con-
tractors were to show the amount of damages
they had sustained because their contracts were
repudiated by the State, and I heard the same
men come ou the stand and swear that at thirty
cents tbey made fifteen or sixteen cents profit.
Establish the fact that it is only necessary to
prove by c-ouduct or speech that a man was
loyal, and the number of claimants here would
equal the size of the army of Xerxes, outnum-
bering by far the soldiers of the Republic, and
their witnesses could be counted by legions.
Why? Because "you tickle me, and I'll tickle
you; you swear for me, and I'll swear foryou,"
would be the rule.
Let ine demonstrate it if I can. Take the
march of Sherman from Atlanta to the sea,
a march that is in the mouth of everybody, for
boldness of design and boldness of execution.
That army laid waste that country ; for a space
of from thirty to fifty miles in width it was one
blackened course the whole way they went.
They took no supplies with them of any con-
sequence ; they foraged upon the enemy's
country. Now, sir, calculate that. They en-
tered the city of Columbia; and it. is claimed
by the rebels but denied by those who know
best, the Federal officers, that that city was
burned by Sherman's army; and yet my hon-
orable friend who sits over yonder from that
very city, will say that in his judgment it was
fired by the rebels.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I beg leave to correct
the Senator. I would not say any such thing.
Mr. NYE. I never said you did, but I said
you would say it if you said anything about it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should say to the
contrary. I know who burned the city of
Columbia.
Mr. NYE. Do you mean that it was fired
by our people; by the Federal Army ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I say so.
Mr. NYE. By the national Army ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. It was fired by the
soldiers of General Sherman's army.
Mr. NYE. That makes my point clearer.
Now, sir, pass this bill, and the next bill that
will be passed will be to pay for the ravages
of that fire because the sufferers were loyal,
and the memory of no man there that is called
as a witness will run to the fact that they were
not loyal. The women-were loyal, certainly,
and they owned the houses! All history shows
that that will be the experience.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I do not think the
Senator will find many in Columbia who claim
to have been loyal men.
Mr. NYE. And I hardly believe there was
one there except my frieud; for I know in his
district there were but seven votes that were
loyal at the first election they had.
Mr. ROBERTSON. That is so.
Mr. NYE. They will magnify to seventy
and seven under this bill. Establish this rule
of proving loyalty by "conduct or speech,"
and you make the Treasury of the United States
a prey to rebels. Establish this doctrine, and
the bone and sinew of loyalty is taxed to its
utmost for half a century to pay these dam-
ages. Establish this principle "by conduct or
ispeeeh," and you make the crippled soldier
toil to pay for the very wounds he bears.
This bill must have been born in an excess
of gooduess, as I know they have it, of the
committee who reported it. Now, sir, let me
go back again to Sherman's march. 1 think
it was three or four hundred miles, was it not,
from Atlanta to the sea ? How many planta-
tions were laid waste, how many goods were
taken that belonged under the designation of
commissary or quartermaster stores? God
only knows. Hosv many houses were burned
are not yet enumerated, and we shall never
know until the facts appear before your Quar-
termaster General and Commissary General.
What was the amount of provisions that were
seized, who can tell?
Mr. HOWE. My friend from Nevada I
think, upon reflection, will concede that burned
houses are not quartermaster's stores, and
therefore are not to be paid for under this bill.
Mr. NYE. I understand now perfectly well
what I am talking about. I merely put this
in to show the next step. That is what it is.
It is quartermaster and commissary stores now,
but it will be property of every kind ljerenfier.
Mr. HOWE, I hope my friend, then, will
