THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
purpose, it is now asked that one be made cov-
ering the past and future expenses of the com-
mission. ;
• The good offices of the United States to bring
about a peace between Spain and the South
American republics with which she is at war
having been accepted by Spain, Peru, and
Ghili, a congress has been invited to be held' in
Washington during the present winter.
A grant has been given to Europeans of. an
exclusive right of transit over the territory of
Nicaragua, to which Costa Rica has given its
assent; which, itis alleged, conflicts with v-este'd
rights of citizens of the United States. The
Department of State has now this subject
under consideration.
The minister of Peru having made repre-
sentations that there was a state of war between
Peru and Spain, and that Spain was construct-
ing in and near New York thirty gun-boats,
which might be used by Spain in such a way
as to relieve the naval force at Cuba so as to
Operate-againstPeru, orders were given to pre-
vent their departure. No further steps having
been taken by the representative of the Peru-
vian Government to prevent the departure of
these vessels, and I not feeling authorized .to
detain the property of a nation with which we
are at peace on a mere executive order, the
matter has been referred to the courts to
decide.
The conduct of the war between the allies
and the republic of Paraguay has made the
intercourse with that country so difficult that
it has been deemed advisable to withdraw our
representative from there.
Toward the close of the last Administration
a convention was signed at London for the
settlement of all outstanding claims between
Great Britain and the United States, which
failed to receive the advice and consent of the
Senate to its ratification. Tlie time and the
circumstances attending the negotiation of that
treaty were unfavorable to its acceptance by
the people of the United States, and its pro-
visions were wholly inadequate for the settle-
ment of the grave wrongs that had been sus-
tained by this Government as well as by its
citizens.
The injuries resulting, to the United States
by reason of the course adopted by Great Brit-
ain during our late civil war iu the increased
rates of insurance; in the diminution of ex-
ports and imports and other obstructions to
domestic industry and production; in its effect
upon the foreign commerce of the country; in
the decrease and transfer to Great Britain of
our commercial marine; in the prolongation
of the war and the increased cost, both in
treasure-and in lives, of its suppression, could
not be adjusted and satisfied as ordinary com-
mercial claims which continually arise between
commercial nations.
And yet the convention treated them simply
as such ordinary claims, from which they differ
more widely in the gravity of their character
than in the magnitude of their amount, great
even as is that difference. Not a word was
found in the treaty, and not an inference could
be drawn from it, to remove the sense of the
unfriendliness of the,course of Great Britain
in our struggle for existence which had so
deeply and universally impressed itself upon
the people of this.eodntry,
Believing that a convention thus miscon-
ceived in its scope and inadequate in its pro-
visions would not have produced the hearty
cordial se ttlement of pending questions which
alone is consistent with the relations which I
desire to have firmly established between the
United States and Great Britain, I regarded the
liction of the Senate in rejecting the treaty to
have been wisely taken in the interest of peace,
and as a necessary step in the direction of a
perfect and cordial friendship between the two
countries. A sensitive people conscious of
their power are more at ease under a great
•tf-coog wholly unatoned than under the restraint
-fltft's'settlement which satisfies neither their
ideas of justice nor their grave sense of the
grievance they have sustained. The rejection
of the treaty, was followed , by a state of public
feeling on both sides which I thought not favor-
able to an immediate attempt at renewed nego-
tiations. I accordingly so instructed the min-
ister of the United States to Great Britain, and
found that my. views in this regard were shared
by her Majesty's ministers. I hope that.the
time may soon arrive when the two Govern-
ments ca'n appfoach the solution of this mo-
mentous question,with an appreciation of what
is' due to the rights, dignity,- and honor of each,
and with, the determination not only to remove
the causes of complaint in the past, but to lay
the foundation of a broad principle of public
law which will- prevent future differences and
tend' to firm-and continued peace and friend-
ship. .
This is ..now the only .grave, question which
the United States has with any foreign nation.
The question of renewing a treaty for recipro-
cal trade between the United Statea an.d the
British provinces on this continent .has not
been favorably considered by the Administra-
tion. The advantages of .such a treaty w.ould
be wholly Iin favor of the British producer.
Except possibly a few engaged in the' trade
between the two sections no citizen of -the
United States would be benefited by recipro-
city. ■ Our internal -taxation would prove a
protection to the British producer almost equal
to the protection .which our manufacturers now
receive from the tariff. Some arrangement,
however, for the regulation of commercial
intercourse between the United States and the
Dominion of Canada may be desirable.
The commission for adjusting the claims of
the Hudson Bay and Puget Sound Agricul-
tural Company upon the United States has
terminated its-labors. The award of $650,000
has been made, and all rights and titles of the
company on the territory of the United States
have,been extinguished. Deeds for the prop-
erty of the company have been delivered.
An appropriation by Congress to meet this
sum is asked.
The commissioners for determining the
northwestern land boundary between the
United States and the British possessions,
under the treaty of 185G, have completed their
labors and the commission has been dissolved.
In conformity with the recommendation of
Congress a proposition was early made to the
British Government' to abolish the mixed
courts created under the treaty of April 7, 1862,
for the suppression of the slave trade. The
subject is still under negotiation.
It having come to my knowledge that a cor-
porate company organized under British laws
proposed to land upon the shoresoftheUnited
States and to operate there a submarine cable,
under a concession from his Majesty the
emperor of the French of an exclusive right
for twenty years of telegraphic communica-
tion between the shores of France and the
United States, with the very objectionable
feature of subjecting all messages conveyed
thereby to the scrutiny and control of the
French Government, I caused the French and
British legations at Washington to be made
acquainted with the probable policy of Con-
gress on this subject, as foreshadowed by the
bill which passed the Senate in March last.
This drew from the representatives of thecom-
pany an agreement to accept as the basis of
their operations the provisions of that bill, or
of each other enactment on the subject as
might be passed during the approaching ses-
sion of Congress ; also, to use their influence
to secure from the French Government a modi-
fication of their concession so as to permit the
landing upon French soil of any cable belong-
ing to any company incorporated by the au-
thority of the United States or of any State
in the Union, and on their part not to oppose
the establishment of any such cable. In con-
sideration of this agreement I directed the
withdrawal of all opposition by the United
States authorities to the landing of the cable
and to the working of it until the meeting of
Congress. I regret to say that there has been
no modification made in the company's con-
cession, nor, so far as I can learn, have they
attempted to secure one. Their concession
excludes the capital and the citizens of the
United States from competition upon the shores
of France. I recommend legislation to pro-
tect the rights of citizens of the United States
as well as the dignity and sovereignty of the
nation against such an assumption. I shall
also endeavor to secure by negotiation an
abandonment of the principle of monopolies
in ocean telegraphic cables. Copies of this
correspondence are herewith furnished.
The unsettled political condition- of other
countries less fortunate than our own some-
times induces their citizens to come to the
United States for the sole purpose of becoming
naturalized. Having secured this they return
to their native country and reside there with-
out disclosing their change of allegiance. They
accept official positions of trust or honor which
can only be held by citizens of their native
land ; they journey under passports describing
thejm as snch citizens, and it is only when civil
discord, after perhaps years of quiet, threatens
their persons or their property, or when their
native State drafts them into its military service,
that the fact of their change of allegiancc is
made known. -They reside permanently away
from the United States; they contribute nothing
to its revenues; they avoid the duties of its citi-
zenship, and they only make themselves known
by a claim of protection. I have directed the
diplomatic and consular officers of the United
States to scrutinize carefully all such claims of a
protection. The citizen of the United States,
whether native or adopted, who discharges his
duty to his country is entitled to its complete
protection. While I have a voice in the direc-
tion of affairs I shall not consent to imperil
this sacred right by conferring it upon fictitious
or fraudulent claimants.
On the accession of the present Adminis-
tration it was found that the minister for
North Germany had made propositions for
: the negotiation of a convention for the pro-
tection of emigrant passengers, to which no
response had been given. It was concludcd
that to be effectual all the maritime Powers
engaged in the trade should join in such a
measure. Invitations have been extended to
the Cabinets of London, Paris, Florence, Ber-
lin, Brussels, The Hague, Copenhagen, and
Stockholm to empower their representatives
at Washington to simultaneously enter into
negotiations and to conclude with the United
States conventions identical in form making
uniform regulations as to the construction of
the parts of vessels to be devoted to the use
of emigrant passengers, as to the quality and
quantity of food, as to the medical treatment
of the sick, and as to the rules to be observed
during the voyage in order to secure ventila-
tion, to promote health, to prevent intrusion,
and to protect the females, and providing for
the establishment of tribunals in the several
countries for enforcing such regulations by
summary process.
Your attention is respectfully called to the
law regulating the tariff on Russian hSmp,and
to the question whether to fix the charges on
Russian hemp higher than they are fixed upon
Manilla is not a violation of our treaty with
Russia, placing her products upon the same
■ footing with those of the most favored nations.
Our manufactures are increasing with won-
derful rapidity under the encouragement which
they now receive. With the improvements in
machinery already effected and still increas-
ing, causing machinery to take the place of
skilled labor to a large extent, our imports of
many articles must fall off largely within a
very few years. Fortunately, too, manufac-
tures are not confined to a few localities, as
formerly, and it, is to be hoped will becomc
m'ore and more diffused, making the interest in
