1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5095
the way it stands. Why not let us vote to keep
it here?
Mr. SAWYER. When the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] moved to strike out
sulphur and leave crude brimstone in the list
I was quite satisfied, because refined sulphur is
not an article in use for this purpose. There
is only about three thousand dollars collected
Sis duty on refined sulphur. It is the crude
brimstone, which enters into the manufacture
of sulphuric acid, which is used in that way,
and from that we collect $140,000. I feel
now that to strike out the whole line would be
not only bad policy, but I had almost said—I
will not say it, because the Senator who made
the motion is incapable of it—bad faith.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state the reason
why I made this motion. I was aware that
brimstone was produced in this country; there
is any quantity of it on the Pacific coast and
perhaps in other portions of the country; and I
did not see the propriety of this discrimination,
of bringing the raw material here for certain
manufacturing establishments without a duty,
and then giving them a duty on the manufacture
of it. If you were going to protect anybody, 1
thought you might as well protect that industry
which is engaged in bringing the raw material
into the market in the country as to protect those
who are manufacturing the raw material after it
comes here. I voted with the Senator from
South Carolina to leave sulphur and brimstone
on the free^ list; but when this discrimination
was made it seemed to me not to be founded
upon any correct principle, and therefore I
thought it might all as well go. I am not
particular about it, however.
The PUESi DING OFFICER. Is the amend-
ment withdrawn?
M.v. SHERMAN". I think it had better be
withdrawn and let us go on.
Mr. WARNER. The Senate has voted twice
on it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw it, as it leads
to debate. It is a small matter.
Mr. STOCKTON. On page 76, line six, of
the fourth section of the bill as amended, after
the word "fish," I propose to add "pepper-
sauce and catsup." This is simply a removal
of stamp duty, as the Senate will see by look-
ing at the section.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are about a thou-
sand articles from which the stamp tax ought
to be removed with the same propriety as from
this, and I hope the Senate will not consent to
this amendment. There are chemicals, patent
medicines, and various articles of that kind
subjected to a little stamp tax of one cent.
There is no more reason why you should strike
off'the stamp duty from these articles than from
a thousand others. We have taken out all the
preserved meats and canned fruits and articles
made by housewives. But these prepared mat-
ters to tickle the palate, and patent medicines,
and a thousand other things subject tostamps,
ought to stay as they are. I could name fifty
things that should be just as well exempted
from stamp tax as pepper-sauce.
Mr. STOCKTON. I think the Senator ought
not to put this off as if it was a light matter or
as if these were articles of luxury. Just before
the point where my amendment comes in, the
sentence reads:
That on or before the 1st day of October, 1870, the
stamp tax imposeilinschedulcli on promissory'notes
for a less sutn than $100—
That is one article of luxury—
anil on receipts for any sum of money, or the pay-
ment of any debt; and the stamp tax imposed in
schedule O on canned and preserved fish, be, and tlie
same are hereby, repealed.
My proposition is simply to add after "pre-
served fish" the words "pepper-sauce and
catsup." The connection between the two is
very plain, and in addition to that preserved
fish are quite as much articles of luxury as
pepper-sauce and catsup. [Laughter.]
But, to be entirely serious, parties engaged,
some of them in my own State, in putting up
these things find that this stamp tax is really
prohibitory, because they put them up in such
small packages. They pay duty on the glass
and every article they use m putting them up,
and then have to pay this stamp tax, which
besides being annoying, takes away all the
profits. As small a thing as it may seem to
gentlemen to move this addition to the sec-
tion, it is simply preventing the prohibition of
a large manufacture going on in my own State
in these things.
The tariff is quite another matter; but this
is in reference to enforcing the stamp tax where
it is annoying and where it is prohibitory. It
does seem to me that these articles ought to be
inserted in this section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from New Jersey whether he is
aware of the fact that the same stamp has to be
put on in addition to the tariff upon the foreign
article of the same kind ; and that there is a
large quantity of the foreign article brought in
here to compete?
Mr. STOCKTON. I cannot hear what the
Senator from Vermont says.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the Sen-
ator from New Jersey if he is not aware that
the same stamp tax is imposed on the foreign
article in addition to the tariff; and that there
is a large importation of the foreign article ?
Mr. STOCKTON. I cannot see that that
alters the question at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it
would not help the Senator if he got this stamp
tax removed; but I do not know.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we are to have a con-
test on all these things I may as well read some
of the articles that have to pay stamp tax. The
stamp tax yields between sixteen and seventeen
million dollars, the only internal tax left sub-
stantially on the great body of the people of
the^ United States. It is on perhaps a thousand
articles; and if you repeal it on these items,
how can you justify retaining the stamp tax on
friction-matches, hair-oil, hair-dressing, &c.,
and a thousand other things, amounting to
$10,000,000 in all?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Take it all off.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Rhode
Island says "take it all off." Perhaps that
would be much pleasanter. There is no reason
in the world why catsup, pepper-sauce, and
the like should not pay this one cent tax.
Manufacturers generally desire to keep it on.
A box of friction-matches pays one cent, as
much as a bottle of pepper-sauce.
The amendment was rejected—ayes twelve,
noes not counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I ask the Senate,
as I have a perfect right to do, to vote on my
motion to reconsider the vote throwing out the
continuance of the income tax. I am satisfied
that we must either have the income tax or
the tax on gross receipts, and the Senate says
they will not have gross receipts. I am willing,
therefore, to vote for the income tax.
Mr. WARNER. I should like the atten-
tion of the Senator from Vermont. I ask him
whether he would be willing that a vote should
be taken on the proposition I offered this after-
noon in regard to the income tax.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall not object after
the reconsideration, but it will be impossible
to take that vote until after the reconsidera-
tion.
Mr. WARNER. A vote can be taken on
inserting this,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we had better
take the vote on the reconsideration.
Mr. THURMAN. What vote is it that the
Senator from Vermont moves to reconsider?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair will state.
The PRESIDIO G OFFICE R. The Senator
from Vermont moves to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate struck out the sections rela-
tive to the income tax.
Mr. THURMAN. Of course the Senator
from Vermont voted to strike them out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly I did on the
yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is ou the reconsideration.-
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not
reconsider that subject again. The Senate has
decided two or three times over that it will not
vote to reimpose the income tax, which has
expired, and which Congress pledged the coun-
try should only exist until this year. I hope
the motion to reconsider will not prevail. The
Senate has voted on the yeas and nays in Com-
mittee of the Whole and again in the Senate,
and now a motion is made to reconsider and
reopen the whole subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not speak for the
Senate at all; I speak for myself. I voted to
strike out the income tax all the time, from
what I supposed was a general understanding
that the tax ou gross receipts, as it is called,
that is on the receipts of railway companies,
and lottery-dealers, and that class of public
enemies, was to be kept in. But now I find
that the Senate, after they have got rid of the
income tax, propose to get rid of that also, and
they have got rid of it, and therefore the found-
ation upon which I voted to dispense with
the income tax has failed. Consequently, as
we must have one or the other, my only
resource now is to express my view by voting
to retain the income tax.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose we all agree
that we must support the Government and pay
the interest on the public debt and carry out
the agreement to appropriate one per cent,
for a sinking fund. Now, sir, it is perfectly
apparent, from the exhibition of the figures
made by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, that wo cannot do that unless we have
either the income tax or the tax on gross
receipts. Of the two I prefer the tax on gross
receipts. I would be very glad to abolish the
whole; I would be very glad to carry into
effect the proposition suggested by the Senator
from Vermont on my right, [Mr. Morrill,]
to abolish all taxes and instruct the chairman
of the Committee on Finance to carry on the
Government. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. On what ground do you
prefer the tax on gross receipts?
Mr. ANTHONY. Because I think it is bet-
ter that the railroads and express companies
and other great corporations should pay a tax
than that every man should pay a tax on his
income ascertained by a most inquisitorial, dis-
agreeable, and offensive process. We must
have one of the two, and I prefer the tax on
gross receipts. Now, if any Senator who voted
on the other side will move to reconsider the
vote by which we rejected the tax on gross
receipts I will join in imposing that tax, and
then I will vote against the income tax; but if
that cannot be done, then I shall vote with my
friend from Vermont, [Mr. Edmuxds.] I have
voted steadily against the income tax, but I am
satisfied that we must have one or the other.
1 am notjwilling to go away and leave the
Treasury in the condition of not being able to.
meet its demands; and I take upon that ques-
tion the exhibition of figures and the statements
and views of the Senator from Ohio; and
although I do not agree with him in preferring
the income tax to the tax on gross receipts, I
do agree with him that we must have one or
the other.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to repeat what I said
this morning, that on carefulinquiry of those in
whom I place absolute trust on this subject I
am satisfied that there is no occasion for either.
There is no occasion for the income tax 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend if among
those he includes the Secretary of the Treasury,
from his own State, in whom he must certainly
confide?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not include the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; but my friend knows that
the Secretary of the Treasury has been from
the beginning of this session in favor of the
highest taxes. I have no criticism at all on
him ; I honor him ; he is my friend; but he has
kept constantly in view the paying off of the
