1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
postpone his argument against the next step
until he is asked to take it. [Laughter. ] I do
not think he will insist upon the policy of refus-
ing to pay an honest debt for fear he will be
called upon by some whelp to pay a debt he
does not owe.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin is not going to drive me from what
I "want to say upon this subject, and if I do not
make it pertinent the Chair will call me to order.
I understand that you have got to drive a wedge
before you can a glut; but it is the little wedge
that makes the crevice for the glut that splits
the log. It is against this little wedge that I
protest.
Now, sir, comedown strictly to commissary
and quartermaster stores, and who is going
to estimate them ? Fields of green rice were
cut, says the historian, and says the general,
and say the men. It was fed to the horses.
Who is going to value that? Would the rice
have ripened and been full, if not cut when
green? All these "loyal" men will say yes.
The chances of its being subject to usual blight
will not be considered. Who is to calculate it ?
The Commissary General, if it is within his
range ; and he is " to cause to be examined "
is the language of the bill. Who is going to
examine it ? Some little lieutenant of the Army,
that knows about as much about rice as I should.
They have not got the careful chairman of the
Committee on Claims to examine it. They do
not bring and are not obliged to bring by this
bill the legal scrutiny that he would bring to
bear ; but it is a graduate fresh from West
Point, or some other officer that the Commis-
sary or Quartermaster General may detail for
this purpose. Against such tribunals, and
between such tribunals and the hard money
that is wrung by taxation from loyal men, I
here interpose my objection.
Sir, I would not go quite as far as the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri would. I say that
the people who lived there, and did nothing to
support the Government, on the broadest prin-
ciples of equity have not paid their quota of
the ravages of the war. The man in my own
State who dives into the mountain and takes
out the treasure is taxed, and has been for
every dollar he gets. Ay, sir, not only that,
but during this whole war an amount equiva-
lent now to our entire debt almost was given
in charities to bind up the wounds and staunch
the blood of the Federal soldiers. Money
poured like water both into the cofters of charity
and into the coffers of the United States ; and
these men were exempt from ail such taxes.
They gave nothing to staunch the blood of our
soldiers; but they did from necessity contribute
to uphold and sustain the armies of the South.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator a question. I wish to ask whether I
misunderstood one statement of his, that the
State of Nevada contributed enough to chari-
ties to have paid the national debt ?
Mr. NYE. Oh, no ; I said no such thing.
Mr. FOWLER. I wanted to know if that
was the statement.
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator would
keep his ears open a little he would hear better.
Mr. FOWLER. I was listening.
Mr. NYE. I am not boasting of the people
of Nevada—and God knows my friend cannot
of his people—in this war. I have nothing to
say of them but that they bore their quota of
taxation; but now, sir, being driven to it, I
will tell the honorable Senator one thing, that
Nevada did give three dollars in coin for every
man, woman, and child in it, to staunch the
blood of the Federal soldiers ; and gave it in
solid bricks.
But, sir, I did not mean to mention that. _ I
mentioned the fact that my people are toiling
and bearing the burden of taxation as every-
body does to pay this honest debt; and against
this inroad that is evidently to be made 0x1 them
1 protest. I would not go so far as the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri. They took the
fate of war; they raised no army to stay the
enemies of their country; they contributed not
one dollar t.o the coffers of the nation to stay
the ravages that the rebels were making upon
the very temple of freedom itself. Sir, we paid
them well when we saved that temple inviolate,
and the judgment of just men hereafter will
be that we have not only paid them well, but
liberally. We have upheld the temple that
their neighbors were trying to tear down.
Now, sir, we are told that we must go down
there, pick out the loyal men and pay them ;
and who are to be the witnesses? Rebels, of
course, for there are not loyal men enough there
to be witnesses in a single case in many of the
States. They are loyal now, and under the de-
cision of the Supreme Court anybody is loyal;
if lie is pardoned he nevercommittedan offense,
though the pardon recites that" whereas I have
taken part in the rebellion against the United
States; " but the court say he made a mistake
when he said it, and being pardoned is evidence
of his innocence in fact!
Mr. President, I do not want to take time
about this matter. I rather honor the principle
from which this bill originates ; and had we cof-
fers full, and could we afford to be generous in-
stead of just, 1 would not raise my voice against
it. Bat I see accumulated debt rolling and
being rolled upon the shoulders of loyal men
who bled to exhaustion to save this country to
pay men who now call themselves loyal for that
which had been destroyed or taken in the rav-
ages of the war. Against it I desire to protest,
and I think the judgment of this Senate will be
against it.
1 listened the other day with great pleasure
and instruction to the speech of the honorable
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pratt,] and if it
could be proved by argument that this bill was
right he proved it; and yet, sir, he failed to
convince me that it was the duty of this nation
to undertake that almost impossible job.
Now, I want to know if my friend from Wis-
consin has calculated this amount. I want to
know who this commissary general is to be ;
I want to know who this quartermaster gen-
eral is to be. I want to know whether they
are in sympathy with those who carried on the
war. Those who hold the reins now will not
hold them always. And I want to know whether
they are in sympathy and unison with the party
of the war or whether they are opposed to its
policy. And, sir, if things keep advancing
I see not that we shall stop short of downright
legislative apology for whipping these red-
handed rebels at ail. One of them may come
and say, '' I lived in a neighborhood where all
were disloyal but me ; a famishing army was
on its march to put down the rebellion, and it
took forty bushels of my corn.1' Where is the
evidence of it? Did the ofiicer who took it
give his receipt? Not at all. Where is he?
Dead and buried 011 the next battle-field; and
it leaves it in their power to magnify to any
extent the amount of damages they claim to
have sustained. Forty bushels could be swelled
to four hundred ; four hundred to forty thou-
sand. Sir, it will bankrupt the Treasury and
dishearten the loyalty of this nation.
Mr. HOWE. I beg permission of the Sen-
ate now to call their attention in a few words
once more to what this bill really is. First, I
want to reply in a few words to the criticism
made first by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmcnus,] and now again urged by the Sena-
tor from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] to the form, or to
one featuie in the form of this bill.
The Senator from Vermont ventures to dis-
criminate between this bill and the bill you
passed in favor of loyalty in Tennessee and
West Virginia, and to afiirm that this bill is
more favorable to disloyalty than that act. I
drew this language myself. I know what I
intended. I do not know that I effected what
I intended. Whether I did or not I beg to sub-
mit to the Senate. When you said that loyal
men in Tennessee and West Virginia should
be put upon the footing of loyal men in every
other State, you did not qualify that language
by any terms whatever. The Quartermaster
General and the Commissary General were,
■without any qualification, authorized to say who
was and who was not loyal. I had heard a
good deal of caviling about that. It was said
to be so easy to prove loyalty, and it is said to
be so natural that, if nothing was shown to
establish disloyalty the Quartermaster General
and the Commissary General would assume
that the jiarty was loyal. To guard against
that criticism, I, in the exercise of my poor
wit, incorporated these words which require
evidence of something said or something done
affirming the man's loyalty; and so help me
God, and so pardon us God, I meet the criti-
cism of the Senator from Vermont, who says
because that language is used, therefore who-
ever has fought the flag all the day, if he comes
in and preaches loyalty during the night will
be pronounced loyal by the Quartermaster
General and the Commissary General; and if
that is the Senator's rule for weighing testi-
mony, he is rightin pronouncingthatjudgment,
that prophecy, as to the action of the Quarter-
master General and the Commissary General.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yrou cannot help it on
the statute.
Mr. HOWE. I say the Senator is justified
in using that language if that is his way of
weighing testimony.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the question.
It is a question of law.
Mr. HOWE. That is not my way of weigh-
ing testimony.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Just read the act.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, I will read the act:
Provided, That no claim shall bo allowed except
for property properly designated as quartermaster's
stores, of which the United States has had the use,
cor unless due proof shall be presented of sueh con-
ductor of such speech of the party from whom such
stores were taken or received as shall establish tho
lacl of his loyalty during tho late rebellion against
tho Government of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, in my way of looking at
testimony, if I were the Quartermaster General,
and it was shown in testimony that a claim-
ant had been engaged in actual rebellion—to
use the language of my eloquent friend from
Vermont, had been fighting the Union all day—
there is no amount of speech to be employed
at night that would establish, in my judgment,
the loyalty of that claimant; and 1 stand here
to say that there is no amount of testimony, as
to speech, that would establish his loyalty, in
the judgment of the Senator from Vermont, I
do not care what he says to the contrary. I
know that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask you a ques-
tion ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir, you can ask me a
question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to inter-
rupt you.
Mr. HOWE. No ; I say you may ask me
questions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend,
then, if he is in the proper spirit to have ques-
tions asked of him, why he did not use the
words "conduct and speech" instead of mak-
ing it in the alternative?
Mr. HOWE. I will tell the Senator why. I
was afraid that even the Senator from Vermont
could not come in under such a rule as that
and establish his loyalty ; for I do not know
when he ever testified his loyalty in any other
way than by speech ; and I do not know when
I did so myself. I do not know of anything
disloyal in my conduct, but I do not know when
my conduct has ever specially declared my loy-
alty, for I was not serving in that department
of the service which enabled me to testify by
my conduct specifically whether I was loyal or
not. I made the most loyal kind of speeches
that were going, and so did my friend from
Vermont.
Mr. President, I thought it would De enough
to require of those men to be able to show that
when your flag was distant, when your power
biought them no protection, when they were
