1870.
1HS CONfapSSIONiAIi GLOBE.
3207,
thew Stiltinner, George W. Hagg, Solomon.
Row, Joseph Looney, jr., B. W. Compton,
Benjamin Staby, David McClanahan, John S.
Rallipp, John M. llallipp, E. Yance, Joseph
Kelley, Joseph Looney, sr., John A. Comp-
ton, Drewny Packett, John W. Childress, all
of Buchanan county, Virginia, and of A. W.
i Graves, Madison county, Virginia, praying to
be relieved from their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
' on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of Daniel
Brown, Andrew Patterson, and Joseph Walker,
Rockbridge county, Virginia; of Edmund Win-
ston, Hanover county, Virginia; of Stephen
B. Duff, Washington county, Virginia; of John
Sanders, Wythe county, Virginia, and Wil-
liam E. Stone, Montgomery county, Virginia,
praying for the removal of their political dis-
abilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented a memorial of
citizens of Providence, Rhode Island, sellers
ofliousehold wringers of various manufactures,
remonstrating against the passage of House
bill No. 1492, for the extension of John Young's
patent for washing and wringing machines;
which was ordered to lie on the table. f
papers withdrawn and rebkrred.
On motion of Mr. HAMILTON, of Mary
land, it was !
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Levi
Hertxog be taken from the files of the'Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, it was
Ordtred, That the letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, of February 15. 1869, communicating an
nccouat of the Northwest Fur Company for pro-
visions and payment of men necessary for the defense
and protection of Government property at Fort
Union in 1866 and 1867. be taken from the files of the .
Senate and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affair?.
reports of committees.
Mr. SAWYER, froifl the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 595) to repeal an act entitled "An
act for the survey of grants or claims of lands,",
approved June 2, 1862, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 406) to expedite the survey
of private land claims,, reported it with an
amendment
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 758) for
the settlement of the account of Captain E. M.
Buchanan, late commissary of subsistence of
volunteers, reported without it amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R  No. 689) for the
relief of Hnll & Cozzens, and John Naylor &
Co., reported it with an amendment.
Mr. HOWELL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the memorial of Mary B. Winship, protesting
against a reduction of her pension, to report
it back. The case has been decided adversely,
and will abide the result of our action on the
general law. I move that the committee be j
discharged from its further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL, from the same committee,
to whom was referred the petition of Henry C.
Weatnerby, submitted a report thereon, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 880) granting a pen-
sion to Henry C. Weatherby.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Uaims, to whom was referred the petition of
«eorge Harris, praying for compensation
h ?r0pe^y ta^en and used for public purposes
y we United States military authorities during
the late war for the suppression of the rebel-
lion, reported a joint resolution (S. R. No. 189)
0 ena>>le the Court of Claims to hear and de-
termine th,e claim of J. George^ Harris, pay-
master United States Navy; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom j
was referred the petition of John L. Miles,
reported a joint resolution (S. R. No. 190) to 1
compensate John L  Miles, late second lieuten-
ant second Indiana battery, for one horse lost in
the service ; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of George Bushhead, principal chief of
the Cherokee Indians of North Carolina, and
others, on behalf of those Indians, praying
an investigation into the acts of William H.
Thomas, James H. Terrell, and S. H. S wet-
land, formerly agents for those Indians, and
that SQch measures be taken as will compel
them to account for and pay over to the Indians
certain money improperly retained by them, '
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs; which was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. |
881) to amend the act to incorporate the Na-
tional Academy of Sciences; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con- ;
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. ;
882) to authorize the sale of the pine timber j
on certain lands reserved for the use of the j
Menomonee tribe of Indians in the State of j
Wisconsin; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con- ,
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
88$) granting a pension to John W. Salyers, a
soldier of the war of 1812; which was read (
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on j
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 884) to incorporate the International So-
ciety of the United States for the Promotion
and Protection of Immigration; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 191) granting an Amer-
ican register to the British-built bark Busy;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
georgetown and harper's ferry railroad.
Mr. VICKERS. I move a reconsideration
of the joint resolution passed yesterday (S. R.
No. 172) directing the survey of a route for a
railroad on the west bank of the Potomac river,
from a point opposite Georgetown to Harper's
Ferry. !
The VICE PRESIDENT., The motion to ;
reconsider will be entered. j
department of justice. j
Mr. WILSON. Let ns go on with the Cal-
endar. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the Calendar. The
Secretary will report the first bill on the Cal-
endar at the point where it stopped yesterday, i
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1328) to establish the department
of justice. i
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I think j
that bill ought to go over.
Mr. PATTERSON. I would ask the gen- '
tleman why? i
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The name \
strikes me very sensitively. , j
Mr. PATTERSON. The gentleman ought
not to object on that ground. I will say that i
the bill has been considered very thoroughly,
and during two 0on$rpsse.s. Let it be read, i
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to gay in regard
to this measure thatT think it a very important,
bill and a very proper bill to be acted upon.
In regard to the particular details of this bill I
am not prepared to express an opinion; but
this is a subject that certainly deserves atten-
tion. The bill came from the Committee on
Retrenchment. It has not been examined by
the Committee on the Judiciary; but I have
looked over it somewhat, and I trust the Sen-
ate will take action upon it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that this subject was first
referred to the Committee on Retrenchment in
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, immediately after
the Committee on Retrenchment was organ-
ized. The committee secured information lrora
various Departments of the Government touch-
ing the subject. In the Fortieth Congress a
bill was introduced by Mr. Jenckes in the
House and referred to the Committee on Re-
trenchment. A similar bill was introduced by
Judge Lawrence in the House, and referred to
the Judiciary Committee of the House. The
two committees met and framed a bill which
was in substance the bill now before the Sen-
ate. It was reported from the Committee
on Retrenchment in the House at this session
and passed the House without amendment. It
was reported from the Committee on Retrench-
ment here, and is now upon the Calendar, and
I hopeweshall proceed with its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland has withdrawn his objection
to allow the bill to bo reported, as the Chair
understands.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir;
let it be Tead.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I consider this bill of too
great importance to be passed under the pres-
ent order of business, and I object to its fur-
ther consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit to my friend that
he had better allow it to be read through.
Mr. DRAKE. Why?
Mr. SUMNER. So that it willbe in a con-
dition to be acted on.
Mr. CONKLING. I think that is the very
reason why it should not be read. If it is not
to be acted on now, the reading ought to be
dispensed with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over, objection being made.
RECONSTRUCTION EXPENSES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, I ask consent
to make a report. Thd Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (H, R. No. 2G9) to amend the act of
April 20, 1870, have instructed me to report
it back without amendment, and I ask unani-
mous consent to have it considered now.. " .
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It declares that the
first proviso in the act approved .April 20,
1870, (which prescribes the conditions under
which the disbursement of the appropriations
therein contained, for defraying expenses in-
curred in carrying into effect the- act to .pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States, shall be made,) shall not be held
to apply to accounts for services rendered or
for supplies furnished under regulations ®r
orders issued by the respective- comiaandeirs
of the several military districts under the au-
thority of the seventh section of the act of
March 23,1867, and which accounts shall have
been duly certified and audited, and have beeu
approved and the payment ordered by those
commanders.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will state for
the judgment of the Senate the point of this
resolution from the Honse. In the recent
deficiency bill there is this provision :
"To defray expenses incurred in carrying into
effect the act to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment Qf the rebel States, forvarions supplies and
service, namely, in the first military district, #7o,000:
