3008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
in the fourth military distriot, $200,000; in tho fifth
district, 1110,000.-"—
Now comes the proviso alluded to—
" Provided, That no portion of said sums shall be
paid except upoa vouchers furnished and verified
upon oath by the party furnishing said supplies or
performing such service, to the satisfaction of the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury."
I am told that as a matter of fact it is im-
practicable to furnish that evidence. Instead
of the evidence required in this law, which pro-
vides "that no portion of said sums shall be
paid except upon vouchers furnished and ven-
ded upon oath by the patty furnishing said
supplies," this resolution declares that proviso
"snail not be held to apply to accounts for
services rendered or for supplies furnished
under regulations or orders issued by the re-
spective oommanders of the several military
districts under the authority of the seventh sec-
tion of the act of March 23, 1867, and which
accounts shall have been duly certified and
audited, and have been approved and the pay-
ment ordered by said commanders." It will
be seen that the proviso of the original bill
was to require the oath of the person who fur-
nished the Supplies. It is said at the Treasury
that that is impracticable, because the parties
that performed the service have all gone out
of office and disappeared, and it is utterly im-
practicable to obtain this oath. Now, it will
be seen that under this joint resolution it is
made to rest upon an affirmation of the ac-
counts certified and audited, and which have
been approved and the payment ordered by the
commanders. I believe I have stated the case
as it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When was that reported?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This morning;
and I asked unanimous consent to consider it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend whether
he thinks we can adjourn on the 4th of July
if we pass this now ?
- Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think this will
have a tendency perhaps to get us in readiness
to do that.
Mr. EDMUNDS." Then I shall not object.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARGARET P. ROBINSON.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate take
up the joint resolution (H. R. No. 224) for the
relief of Mrs. Margaret P. Robinson, of Ken-
tucky. The case was passed over informally
yesterday because the report of tho committee
was not printed aad laid upon the desks of
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
THONTintbeohair.) The Senator from Indiana
asks unanimous consent to proceed to the coti-
siderationof House joint resolution No. 224, 1
which was laid aside informally yesterday.
The Chair hears no objection.
The Secretary read the joint resolution.
■ Mr. SUMNER. Is there a report with that?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir.
' Mr. SUMNER. I think this is one of that
group of cases which have been objected to.
They ought all to be considered together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This was !
laid aside informally.
" 'Mr; PRATT. If the Senator will take pains |
to look over the report he will see exactly
what the case is.
Mr. SUMNER. I looked over it this morn-j
ifeg. It is a very excellent document indeed,
but it was reading that document——
Mr. PRATT. I do not speak of the docu- j
ment, but of the facts.
Mr. SUMNER. It was very well done
indeed. I must object to the measure to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to the joint resolution goes over.
john e. griffin.
Mr. STEWART. 1 move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 86.
Mr. RAMSEY. Are we not to go through
the Calendar?
Mr. STEWART. This resolution was passed
over.
Mr. RAMSEY. We are within three or four
cases of being through the Calendar.
Mr. STEWART. I will wait until it is
through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
! tary will read the next bill on the Calendar in
' order.
1 The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
I (S. No. 860) for the relief of John E. Griffin ;
! which was read a second time, and consid-
I ered as in Committee of tho Whole. It pro-
; poses to direct the Paymaster General to pay
I to John E. Griffin, late'private of company E,
I second North Carolina mounted infantry, out
of any money appropriated for the pay of the •
Army, the full pay and allowance of a private
of infantry, from tho 1st of September, 1863,
to the 16th of August, 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
O. N. CUTLER.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to take up House
bill No. 1666, for the relief of Otis N. Cutler,
of Missouri, simply to make a motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why not let us go through
the Calendar? We are within four or five
numbers of the end of the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go straight on.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not like to object to
any matter the Senator from Maine desires to
bring up, but I am anxious to have the Calen-
dar gone through with. I think we had better
go through the Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I simply want
to call up the bill with a View of recommitting
it. A motion was made by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] to reconsider the vote
on this bill, which passed the Senate on Friday.
I wish to call it up, with a:view of having it
reconsidered and recommitted. It is at bill in
favor of Mr. Cutler. The Senator from Illi-
nois made the motion to reconsider. Now, I
wish to call that up and have it reconsidered,
with a view of recommitting the bill to the
committee, and as a reason for it I will send to
the Chair a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, and ask that it be'read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Lfet us hear the letter.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary, May 3,1870.
j Drab Sir: The person who expressed to mo the
j opinion that the Cutler claim ought not to be paid
I is Mr. Whitney, who may ba found ;at General But-
I ler's residence,cornerof Fifteenthand Istreets. At
| my request he called upon me to-day, and Without
| giving me any specifie information reiterated his
opinion* and ipokc of two persons , in New York as
I having knowledge of the subject, whose namoa, how-
i ever, he did not give to me. He also suggested that
| therewere papers in the Treasury Department which
j contained information or statements prejudicial to
the Cutler claim; bftt Mr. Lovett, who has'charge
of the papers, informs me that they throw no light
upon the claim pending in Congress.
I am, very truly, yours,
GEORGE S. BOUTWBLL,
Hon. Lot M. Morbill, Secretary.
United States Senator, Washington, D. C.
Mr. MORRILL of Maine. Now I ask the
indulgence of the Senate to say one word about
this matter. I know Mr. Cutler, and I do not
wish his case to be prejudiced by any suspi-
cion or by any inference of suspicion on my
part as to his claim.; but with such information
as that from the Treasury Department I do not
suppose the Senate would like to pass the bill.
At any rate, as a friend of Mr. Cutler, I should
not like to have the bill go through the Senate
with that information in my possession. There-
fore, I suggest whether it would not be better
to have the vote reconsidered and the bill re-
committed, with a view of having the matter
investigated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I made the motion to
Reconsider in consequence of a statement made
by the Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Win,-
ley.] I think that the same principle was in-
volved in this case as in another case to which
I made some objection, and I thought it im-
portant that all should be treated alike. I have
no specific knowledge in regard to the Cutler
claim. I have since looked into it, and I think
the same principle is involved in it as is in-
volved in the claim of Cowan and Dickinson,
who had cotton at Knoxville. I think they
should go together. The matter that tho Sen-
ator from Maine has now brought out I knew
nothing about. I have no objection to the bill
being recommitted to the committee, but think
j it proper it should be done on that letter of tho
I Secretary of the Treasury. I hope the passage
i of the bill will be reconsidered, and then, on
the statement made by the Secretary of the
I Treasury, I think the facts should be inquired
! into.
j Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make that
motion.
S Mr. DRAKE. As I interposed the other
day to prevent the recalling of this bill from
| the House of Representatives, I deem it proper,
j since the matter has been brought out that the
! honorable Senator from Maine has presented
j" here, in justice to myself to say that when I
I made that resistance I knew nothing at all of
! any person in the world having made any such
■ statement as Mr. Whitney is represented in
that letter to have made. I was firmly im-
pressed with the conviction that the bill was a
just one; but as this matter has been bronght
out in this way by the honorable Senator from
Maine, I think it is only proper, and indeed
demanded, that the matter should go again to
the Committee on Claims; and if that com-
mittee has not already a general power to send
for persons and papers, 1 think that, in con-
nection with this reference, that power ought
to be specifically given. I inquire of the chair-
man of the committee whether the committee
has such a power, under any general rule of
the Senate?
Mr. HOWE, f do not suppose the com-
mittee has any power to subpena witnesses
unless it is conferred upon it by resolution of
the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Maine that after the bill is recon-
sidered the recommitment of it to tb£ Com-
mittee on Claims shall be accompanied with
power to the committee to send for persons
and papers, and send for this Mr. Whitney and
put him under oath and compel him to tell
who it is that assails this claim, and whose
nam^s he would not give to the Secretanr of
the Treasury. I hope the Senator from Maine
will let the matter take that course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is-, will the Senate reconsidjer the vote by
which the" bill (H. R. No. 1666) for the relief
of Otis N. Cutler, of Missouri^ was passed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICEJL It is bow
moved that this bill be_ recommitted to the
Committee on Claims, with power to send for
persons and papers.
Tho motion was agreed to.
RAILROADS IN FLORIDA.
The next bill en the Caleridar was the bill
(S. No. 692) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of eertain railroads in the State of
Florida.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall object to the pas-
sage of that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Beiag ob-
jected to, it goes over.
abandoned propbuty.
Mr. FOWLER. Yesterday I objected to
the passage of the joint resolution (H. R. No.
173) to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
collect wrecked and abandoned property, dere-
lict claims, and dues belonging to the United
States, on the ground that I was not aware
