306
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 21,
Senate.
Northern Pacific Railway—Mr. C'asserly.
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Wilson, in his letter of June 22, 1865, already
mentioned by me, at two thousand and twenty-
five miles. With that grant it was then entirely
satisfied. It might well be satisfied. No such
grant had ever before been made or dreamed
of in the history of our Government. Tl, is
double the land grant made to the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company, which was the next
largest made. In value it is out of all compar-
ison with the Union Pacific grant, for it is at
least four or five times as valuable, acre for acre.
Commissioner Wilson says of it in his report
for 1869:
"The undeveloped resources of this company
[Northern Pacific] uro attracting the attention of
capitalists. Its landed subsidy is double that of the
Union Pacific road. Comparatively a very small pro-
portion of its line runs through an elevated region.
Governor Stevens was of the opinion that not more
than ono fifth of the land from lied river to Puget
sound is inarable, and that this is largely made up
of mountains covered with valuable timber. It is
evident that an immense agricultural area is hero
awaiting development. The great wheat-growing
regions on tho loft bank of the upper Missouri prom-
ise speedy settlement upon tho opening of an avenuo
for tho transportation of their products to market.
Each section of tho road aa it is completed will,
from local traffic alone, find ample roturns for its
investment."
Sir, it is not much to say that 110 such grant
was ever before made by our Government.
None such has been made within the last ono
hundred and fifty or two hundred years by any
Government in Europe to any private corpor-
ation, nor indeed to any grantee. No em-
peror or minister there to-day, however secure
iiis power, would venture on such a spoliation
of his country. Considering the wide differ-
ence between to-day in the United States, with
all its golden promise, and a hundred years
ago in India, 1 greatly doubt whether the grant
made in 1804 to the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company is not equal in all real elements of
wealth, prosperity, and power to the vast
Indian possessions held in the latter part of
the last century by the Hast India Company,
t lie mightiest chartered company the world has
ever seen, or I hope will ever see again.
11 was a great grant, and tho day it was made
it was ample to build the road. The company
meant it should be, and had it raado accord-
ingly, Allowing for all conceivable deficien-
cies, it is at least ono half moro valuable to-
day than it was in 1881, such has been thegreat
rise in the valuo of tho lands, owing mainly to
the European immigration ; a riso that is go-
ing on and will go on increasing from year to
year for the next twenty years. The grant,
therefore, is much moro than ample now to
complete the work. By and by I shall refer to
some authentic testimony on this point. I
speak of it lo illustrate the spirit of the demand
now made by this company. It is n demand,
in my judgment, prompted not by its needs,
real or imagined, but by its cupidity, sharpened
and incitcd by its continued successes in Con-
gress.
When I say this do 1 go beyond tho facts?
Let us see what this great company has already
obtained from Congress, and next what it is
now demanding. In 1804itroceived its charter
and the imperial land grant I have described.
In 1800, while it had done nothing, not even
made a survey, it asked of Congress au exten-
sion of time for commencing and completing
tho road of two years. Congress granted the
extension. In 1889, still having dono nothing,
not even made a survey, it preferred a bolder
request to Congress. It asked power to do
what had been expressly forbidden in its char-
ier, namely, power to mortgage its railroad
and telegraph line to secure its bonds to be
issued for the construction of the road. Con-
gress did not deny this new privilege, though
a violation of the charter aud of the under-
standing at the time. I read from the joint
resolution of March 1, 1809:
" That tho consent of the Congress of tho United
States is hereby given to tho Northern Pacific Rail-
road Company to issue its bonds, and to secure the
same by mortgage upon its railroad and its telegraph
line, for the purpose of raisins funds with which to
construct said railroad and telegraph lino between
Lake Superior and Puget sound, and also upon its
branch to ajpoint at or near Portland, Oregon; ana
the term ' Puget sound,' as used here and in the
act incorporating said company, is hereby construed
to mean all tho waters connected with tne straits
of Juan do Euca within the territory of the United
States."
Emboldened by its successes in Congress
during five years, the company is here again
for the fourth time with a further demand,-in
the measure now before us. I have already
shown how greatly this measure increases the
grant of lands originally made. It goes much
further than that ; for it gives new powers
and privileges of much magnitude, which were
either not granted or were expressly denied in
tho original act of 1804.
In the first place, it gives power to mort-
gage all its property and rights of property, a
thing expressly forbidden in the act of 1864,
and not granted in the act of 1809. It does
this in language so ambiguous and obscure
that in the judgment of some of our ablest -
Senators its effect is to authorize the com-
pany to mortgage the entire line of lands
granted by the act of 1864 and by this meas-
ure, tlio-ugh th® company should never com-
plete its road. Most certainly the language'
employed is such as enables the agents of this
company to give out in Europe and elsewhere
that such is the power now conferred, and thus
to obtain groat loans and credit in virtue of
such a construction.
Wo have all hoard what was so strongly
charged by other Senators of tho objection-
able dealings in tho property and interests of
tho company which have taken place for pur-
poses of illegitimate speculation.
This charge, so seriously made by Senators
on their responsibility here, becomes doubly
serious taken in connection with the ambiguous
generality of the language—as if studied—giv-
ing the power to mortgage. I am struck at
once -with a consideration which I desire in all
candor and in groat soberness to bring to tho
most earnest attention of Senators. Thatcon-
sidoration is this: when in the Congress of tho
United States we cnact this bill into a law wo
know two things; first, that its object is to ena-
ble the company to negotiate largo loans abroad;
and secondly, that its effect must be to accredit
the company in carrying out that object. Know-
ing this lull well, shall we by our votes sanc-
tion tho policy of wording this measure in
language of such double meaning as to enable
any set of directors or stockholders, no matter
liovv respectable, to go abroad, and in tho great
name ol tho great Republic to obtain an un-
bounded credit and contract enormous obliga-
tions upon a mortgage of property which by
your whole system of laws as to railroad grants
docs not belong to the company and may never
belong to it?
At least let these mortgage elauscs be made
clear, so that no ono shall bo able to misrep-
resent or misunderstand tho power wo grant,
and the perfect honor and good faith of the
country shall suffer no stain. When you have
already given so much to this company, and
are about to give so much more, it is very little
to demand that you shall not be held out at
home and abroad as having given still more
which you never meant to give.
The power to mortgage at once the entire
body of lands along the line of the road is not
the only power that is found lurking under the
general phrases of this bill.
Probably not one in ten of the Senators who
have voted here so steadily and in such com-
pact phalanx to sustain the bill just as it was
reported, against every attempt to improve it,
was aware that besides adding greatly to the
original grant made by Congress the bill adds
to this company a new road, and enables it
also, at its will, almost to double the length of
one of the original two roads. This is done
not in affirmative words but by indirection and
inference, requiring close study to detect.
The act of 1864 provided for a main trunk
from Lake Superior to Puget sound, and it
provided also for a branch diverging from-the
main trunk at a point not. more than three
hundred miles east of the terminus at Puget
sound, a$d running to Portland, down the
valley of the Columbia.
Mr. CORBETT. Going across the Cascade
range of mountains.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator means the
present bill, in which the point of divergence
has to be east of the Cascade mountains. But
in the act of 1864 the branch was to diverge at
any point not more than three hundred miles
cast of Puget sound, and run to Portland down
the valley of the Columbia. I will read from
the act of 1804 now before me. It describes
the road as "beginning at a point on Lake
Superior, in the State of Minnesota or Wis-
consin ; thencc westerly by the most eligible
railroad route, as shall be determined by said
company, within the territory of tho United
States, on a line north of the forty-fifth degree
of latitude, to some point on Puget sound."
So far the Senator and I agree. Now, what
says the act as to the branch road ?
"With a branch, via tho valley of tho Columbia
river, to a point at or near Portland, in the State of
Oregon, leaving tho main trunk line at tho most
suitublo place, not moro than three hundred miles
from its western terminus.''
That is precisely what I said, neither more
nor less; and the statute shows that when 1
said so I was entirely right.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 understood the Sena-
tor to say that tho route of the main road went
byway of Portland, whereas it went over the
mountains direct.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should be glad, as well
as flattered, if I could get the attention of my
friend from Oregon, who has naturally enough
a great interest in this road; a very proper
interest, of course, because of its importance
to his State and his constituents. I should be
glad if I could get his attention sufficiently to
allow him to understand what I am saying on
this subject.
Mr. CORBETT. I am listening very atten-
tively.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then the Senator is con-
vinced that he misunderstood me. The ori-
ginal charter, therefore, was for a main trunk
to Puget sound, with a branch diverging from a
point not more than three hundred miles east
of tho western terminus, and going down to
Portland, through the valley of the Columbia
river. Now, sir, what is it that this joint res-
olution does, and does in a very remarkable
manner, according to my experience of stat-
utes? Without one affirmative express word
to indicate an intent to change the route or
increase tho numberof roads, it reads as though
it was simply legislating on the old status of
the route, making no change except in the
addition of new limits of selection for the
alleged wanted sections. Yot by inference and
implication it makes the changes I have stated.
It sufficiently provides for a third and new
road not contemplated by the original charter.
This great railway, which as it stood in the
charter was more than two thousand miles
long,' is by the present bill still more extended.
The main trunk by this bill goes to a point on
Puget sound, down the valley of the Columbia
river, by way of Portland ; that is to say, put
into plain, unequivocal words, the main trunk
now will run where the branch was to run by
the act of 1864, that is, to Portland; but it will
also run from Portland to Puget sound. The
direct road to Puget sound, which in the act of
1864 was the main trunk, is now the branch.
This results from the general words in this bill,
