308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 21,
Senate.
Northern Pacific Eailway—Mr. Casserly.
41st Coxg....2d Sess.
This is not all. We do not rest on the neg-
ative proof furnished by tbis most "expressive
silence." We have affirmative proof that this
measure, so enlarging the vast grant of lands
already made, is wholly unnecessary for the
building of the road, and is therefore utterly
wasteful and inexcusable. We have the history
of the act of 1864. The grant was ample
then, and is much more so now. I gave you
the authority of your Land Commissioner as
to the great value and sufficiency of the grant.
Yesterday the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Har-
lan] reaa from the report of the company's
engineer, stating in the most unqualified lan-
guage, after having gone over the entire route,
that the lahd grant as it is is amply sufficient
to build the road. Is there, can there be any
doubt as to this official authentic statement of
the company's engineer—the only statement
we have from any of its officers?
Mr. CORBETT. I will ask the Senator if
he does not suppose that the engineer had
reference to the land grant as originally given?
That grant would build the road, if they had
received it. He could not have seen all the
settlers or examined all the lands. He simply
passed over the road. It is the report of a
survey.
Air. CASSERLY. Yes, sir ; the engineer
passed over the road to examine the whole
route. He is doubtless the only one who has
had anything to say on the subject that has
passed over the road. Ho has had more means
of knowledge than any Senator who has voted
for this joint resolution or who will vote for
it—more means of knowledge than all of them
together 
Mr. CORBETT. If the Senator 
Mr. CASSERLY. My friend will not let me
answer one question bei'ore he aslcs another.
After I have answered his first inquiry I am
perfectly willing to have him ask another if he
chooscs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
uov.) The Senator from California will pro-
ceed without interruption.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am now answering the
Senator's interpellation first made. I say the
engineer of the compauy, having more means
of information than all the Senators put to-
gether in this Chamber who have been sup-
porting this resolution, and who will vote it
through this body, asserts, as stated by the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. IIaiilax,] from his
report then in the hands of that Senator, that
tho grant is sufficient to build the road. There-
upon the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Corbett]
asks mo if 1 do not know that he meant some-
thing else than what he said. My auswer is,
that J know and can know nothing of the sort.
I suppose the engineer knew what he was writ-
ing of in his report. I suppose, when he says
that the grant made to tho road is sufficient to
build it, he meaus the only grant in existence,
as it stands in black and while on the statute-
book of 1804. What else could ho mean ? Did
ho mean some grant that ho hoped would be
made? No, sir; that report, as I saw it in a
local paper in Washington Territory, was made
some months ago, and if I recollect aright,
before this resolution was oven introduced.
Of course it will not be pretended that the
engineer wrote in anticipation of legislation
to be kad.
Mr. CORBETT. I presume the Senator did
not understand my inquiry. I do not wish to
bo misunderstood. I simply desired to ask
him it he did^not suppose the engineer had
reference to what this resolution provides for,
making the original grant good where the land
had been taken up by settlers. That was all.
. Mr. CASSERfi. I am not sure that I
understand the Senator from Oregon. I thought
I had already answered his last inquiry.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply stated that I sup-
the engineer meant that the grant of
land, as given to the company, would build
the road, provided the company got the land
granted, and provided they had the ten miles
on eaeli side in which to select deficiencies.
If they got the entire amount of lands granted
by the charter, it would build the road, and
this hill provides for extending the limits fur-
ther, in order that they shall make sure of that
amount of land.
Mr. CASSERLY. If my memory enabled
me to repeat verbatim tho point just stated by
the Senator from Oregon, it would be its own
most complete answer. The very state of facts
he has supposed is so inconsistent with the facts
that exist as to render it utterly impossible that
anybody but himself could ever have thought
of it; and, consequently, it could not have
been in the mind of the company's officer when
he made his report.
Mr. CORBETT. I happened to be with the
officer as he was passing over the country,
and I know what kind of a survey it was.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not suppose the
Senator claims that he traveled with the en-
gineer two thousand miles, from the head of
Lake Superior to Puget sound. I presume if
ho traveled with him two hundred and fifty
miles it was a great deal.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask a ques-
tion. What number of acres of land has been
taken up by settlers out of this grant?
Mr. CASSERLY. There is not a particle
of proof to show that a single section lias been
taken up. No gentleman on this floor has
undertaken, on his responsibility as a Senator,
to say that there has been even one section
taken up.
Mr. FOWLER. One other question. Is this
addition of twenty miles to bo made for the
purpose of giving the company the opportunity
to make up deficiencies supposed to be occa-
sioned by lauds being occupied by settlers?
Mr. CASSERLY. That is the suggestion
made by the advocates of tha joint resolution
in this body.
Mr. FOWLER. I understand the Senator
to state now that there is no evidence before
the Senate that actual settlers have taken up
any portion of this land.
Mr. CASSERLY. Not a scintilla of proof,
nor anything that approaches to it. I repeat,
not a Senator here has so stated ; and not one
of tho many respectable and prominent men
whose names are in the newspapers as directors
to give credit to this company has ventured to
send a lino hero to say so. It is a silence
which speaks volumes.
Mr. STEWAllT. Then there can he no land
taken 
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 do not object to being
interrupted for a question or a correction. The
argument just thrown iu by the Senator from
Nevada has been repeated by him and others
on that side times without number during this
debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California will proceed without interrup-
tion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not know, and the
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] does not
know whether any more land will be taken or
not. He knows as well as I do, and better
than most men in this body, from his experi-
ence as a lawyer in California, the mischiefs
of floating grants, and to what dishonesty and
rapacity they lead. They bar, like a belt of
fire, all improvement, all settlement. We had
some of them in California. They were most
pernicious, and led to more perjury and more
fraud in the courts than any other class of
grants, or, indeed, than all other classes of
grants put together. A floating grant is a
floating mischief. It is a Serbonian bog that
swallows up all improvement, prosperity, and
progress. Senators think it easy enough to
get up and say, "If nothing has been taken,
if nothing has been located within the original
limits by actual settlers, then there will be
nothing to take out of these new lines." We
all know that the career of great landed cor-
porations has been one of the highest self-
denial, integrity, and disinterestedness. For
all that, the theory of the law is that every
man and every set of men and every pri-
vate corporation requires to be held strictly
within fixed limits of the law in all matters
where his or its interests are concerned. I
know of nothing in the history of the private
corporations of this country to incline us to
relax the rule in their favor, especially when
we are asked to give to a great railroad com-
pany a roving commission to select fifty to
sixty million acres within a belt of one hundred
and twenty miles wide and twenty-live hundred
miles long.
Very respectable men have before this taken
up by contrivance on the line of a proposed
railroad, through tools of theirs claiming to be
actual settlers, great tracts of the best land. Is
it impossible that this should happen again?
We have no security that it will not happen.
The morality even of your good citizen is loose
when he deals with Government in reference
to its lands. 1 know of no experience in the
past which should not make us careful how we
open a door even to high respectability for the
taking of great tracts of valuable public lands.
Especially when high respectability studiously
declines to make any showing either that any-
thing has been taken, or, if it has been taken,
that it has not been taken by indirection and
contrivance for the benefit of the leading stock-
holders of the company.
The policy of vesting the public lands in great
bodies in private corporations, which has been
very often thrown in our faces as the " policy of
tho country," took its rise in 1850, but it owes
its present enormous development to the last
eight years. As so developed it is not the
American policy iu reference to public lands
as established and administered for so many
years before 1850. That policy, as sustained
and advocated by our greatest men, was gen-
erally and with no eerious change before 1850,
a policy which looked to vesting the lands in
the ownership of the individual citizen in quan-
tities limited to his wants. It was a wise policy
and a grand one, nnd its wisdom and grandeur
have been signally vindicated by its results.
Nearly a century ago that wonderful man,
Edmund Burke, of whom his countryman,
Grattan, might have said more truly than he
saidofChatham that "the sightof his mind was
infinite"—looking above the mists of theerror
and ignorance of his time into the far future,
pointed out the principle afterward applied in
our land system as the true one for England
in reference to her Crown lands. He scouted
tho idea of selling them to the highest bidder,
or in any way of treating them as a source of
revenue from sales. He was for granting them
to the people as fast as they would take them,
and upon their own terms. With all his great
powers he illustrated the insignificance of rev-
enue from sales compared with the immense
material results, to say nothing of the great
moral forces, certain to accrue to a country from
a large, independentpopulation of freeholders.
His leading idea was that afterward applied to
our land system and maintained and developed
by our statesmen, especially those of the West.
And when I speak of the West I do not forget
that au illustrious statesman of the East became
in the maturity of his powers, whatever he may
have previously been, one of the firmestfriends
of the same policy. I speak now of Air. Web-
ster, a clear and honorable name in our annals.
In the good cause of keeping the public lands
open to the settlers under all circumstances he
went as far as any one has gone on our side of
this Chamber. In a speech which I well remem-
ber, although I cannot now state when and
