10
THE OONG-RESSJOMAL ©LOBE.
December 6,
. Mr. WOOD. Doesthe Chair state that any
member rising to object to any member he
must stand aside?
The SPEAKER. He must stand aside until
those who are absolutely -unchallenged shall
have been swornin andsban themselves parti-
cipate in determining the question in reference
to those, to wham objection has been made.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I object to the swear-
ing ih of Peter M. Dox, of Alabama. •
' The gentlemen to whom no objection was
made were then qualified, by taking the oaths
prescribed by the Constitution and the act of
July 2,1862.
message to the senate.
Mr. SCIIENCK submitted' the following
resolution j which was read, considered,, and
agreed to:
fiemlved, That tho Clerk inform the Senate that a
quorum of tiro House of Representatives lias assem-
bled, and that the House is ready to proceed to busi-
ness.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, Tliat a committee of three bo appointed
on the part of the House, to join such committoo as
may be appointed on tho part of the Senate, to wait
on the President of the United States and inform
him that a quorum of the two Houses has assembled,
and that Congress is ready to receive any communi-
cation he may be pleased to make.
The SPEAKER appointed as the members
of such committee on part of the House Mr.
. Sohejtg'K of Ohio, Mr. Dawes of Massachu-
setts, and Mr. Woodward of Pennsylvania.
message from tud senate.
A message from1 the Senate, by Mr. Gorhaji,
its Secretary,informed the House thata quorum
of the Senate had assembled, and that the
Senate was ready to proceed to business.
The message further announced that the
Senate had appointed a committee, to join such
committee as might be appointed by the House,
to wait on the President and inform him that
a quorum of each House had assembled, and
that Congress was ready to receive any com-
munication he might be pleased to make, and
had Appointed Mr. Wilson and Mr. Thurman
as the committee on the part of the Senate.
recess.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
take a recess until half past one o'clock. With
the permission of the House I will simply re-
imuk that it was always the usage formerly to
wait until we heard from the President before
proceeding to any legislative business, and 1
think it well that we should return to that o!d
custom and observe that same decorum and
courtesy which formerly prevailed. There
have been reasons during a few years past
more or less satisfactory to gentlemen for lore-
going that practice, and we have fallen into a
disuse of the custom of waiting to hear from
the President. I trust we shall now go back
to the old landmark. For fear we should get
into some inquiries about the reasons of the
practice of late years, I will move the previous
question on my motion.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
1)6, noes 14, and the main question ordered;
and under the operation thereof the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion wag agreed to.
The House thereupon (at half past twelve
o'clock p. m.) took a recess until half past
one o'clock.
The House reassembled at half past one
o'clock.
president's message.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the joint
committee appointed to wait upon -the Presi-
dent and inform him that the two llouses are
ready to receive any communication he may
be pleased to make-have discharged that duty,
and he desired us- to say to the two Houses
that he will send a communication to them
immediately.
ABMISSrON of mr. heflin.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state with
reference to the case of the member from Ala-
bama, Mr. Hefiiu, that he has, under the law,
to take a special oath under the act of 18&2.
The Chair understands that there is no ob-
jection to his being sworn in.
Mr. WOOD. I object to tlie oath being
administered to Mr. Heflin. _ His case has to
stand in the same category with that of Colonel
Sherrod.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask whether
any ground of objection to the swearing in of
Mr. Heflin has been stated. Is it sufficient
that there should be simply an objection of any
member to a gentleman being sworn in ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the present opinion of the House is that
no business shall be transacted until after the
message from the President of the United
States shall have been received and read. It
is quite obvious that this case, with reference
to which an objection has been raised by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,] if a
discussion were now entered upon, would take
up the time which the House intends should
be devoted to the message. The Chair will
therefore suggest that the case be not pro-
ceeded with till the message is read.
Mr. GARFIELD. The question I raised
was whether a gentleman who presented him-
self to be sworn could be prevented from being
sworn in by a simple objection from any mem-
ber without a reason being stated.
The SPEAKER. He would, with or without
reason.
Mr. WOOD. Would it be in order to pro-
ceed at once with the cases of these gentlemen
from Alabama?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that this matter be waived until after the mes-
sage from the President shall have been re-
ceived. It will then be in order as the highest
question of privilege.
president's message.
Mr. Horace Porter, Private Secretary of
the President, being announced at, the bar,
said: Mr. Speaker, I am directed by the
President of the United States to deliver to
the House of Eepresentatives a message in
writing.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the message of the President will be laid be-
fore the House at this time, and the Clerk will
read it.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read
as follows:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives:
In coming before you for the first time as
Chief Magistrate of this great nation it is with
gratitude to the Giver of all good for the many
benefits we enjoy. We are blessed with peace
at home, and are without entangling alliances
abroad to forebode trouble; with a territory
unsurpassed in fertility, of an area equal to
the abundant support of five hundred million
people, and abounding in every variety of use-
ful mineral in quantity sufficient to supply the
world for generations ; with exuberant crops;
with a variety of climate adapted to the pro-
duction of every species of earth's riches, and
suited to the habits, tastes, and requirements
of every living thing; with a population of
forty million free people, all speaking one
language; with facilities for every mortal to
acquire an education; with institutions closing
to none the avenues to fame or any blessing of
fortune that may be coveted ; with freedom of
the pulpit, the jwess, and the school; with a
revenue flowing into the national Treasury be-
yond the requirements of the Government.
Happily., harmony is being rapidly restored
within our own borders. Manufactures hith- ,
erto unknown in our country are springing up
in all sections, producing a degree of national
independence unequaled by that of any other
Power.
These blessings and countless others are
intrusted to your care and mine for safe-keep-
ing for the brief period of our tenure of office.
In a short time we must each of us return to
the ranks of the people, who have conferred
upon us our honors, and account to them for
our stewardship. I earnestly desire that neither
you nor I may be condemned by a free and
enlightened constituency nor by our own con-
sciences.
Emerging from a rebellion of gigantic mag-
nitude, aided as it was by the sympathies and
assistance of nations with which we were at
peace, eleven States of the Union were four
years ago left without legal State governments.
A national debt had been contracted, American
commerce was almost- driven from the seas; the
industry of one half of the country had been
taken from the control of the capitalist and
placed where all labor rightfully belongs—in
the keeping of the laborer. The work of re-
storing State governments loyal to the Union,
of protecting and fostering free labor, and
providing means for paying the interest on the
public debt has received ample attention from
Congress. Although your efforts have not met
with the success in all particulars that might
have been desired, yet on the whole they have
been more successful than could have been
reasonably anticipated.
Seven States which passed ordinances of
secession have been fully restored to their
places in the Union. The eighth, Georgia, held
an election at which she ratified her constitu-
tion, republican in form, elected a Governor,
members of Congress, a State Legislature, and
all other officers required. The Governor was
duly installed, and the Legislature metand per-
formed all the acts then required of them by
the reconstruction acts of Congress. Subse-
quently, however, in violation of the consti-
tution which they had just ratified, as since
decided by the supreme court of the State,
they unseated the colored members of the
Legislature and admitted to seats some mem-
bers who are disqualified by the third clause
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion, an article which they themselves had
contributed to ratify. Under these circum-
stances I would submit to you whether it
would not be wise, without delay, to enact a
law authorizing the Governor of Georgia to
convene the membera originally elected to the
Legislature, requiring each member to take the
oath prescribed by the reconstruction aets, and
none to be admitted who are ineligible under
the third clause of the fourteenth amendment.
The freedmen, under the protection which
they have received, are making rapid progress
in learning, and no complaints are heard of
lack of industry on their part where they re-
ceive fair remuneration for their labor. The
means provided for paying the interest on the
public debt, with all other expenses of govern-
ment, are more than ample. The loss of our
commerce is the only result of the late rebel-
lion which has not received sufficient attention
from you. To this subject I call your earnest
attention. I will not now suggest plans by
which this object may be effected, but will, if
necessary, make it the subject of a special
message during the session of Congress.
At the March term Congress, by joint reso-
lution, authorized the Executive to order elec-
tions in the States of Virginia, Mississippi, and
Texas; to submit to them the constitutions
which each had previously in convention
