1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1323
No. 1096) to admit the State of Mississippi to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being on the
amendment reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary, which was to strike out the pre-
amble and also all beginning with the word
"provided," in line four, to the end of the bill,
so as to make it read :
Be it enacted, <£<•., That the State of Mississippi is
entitled to representation in the Congress of the
United States.
Mr. Y ATES. I rise not now for the purpose
of saying anything on this bill, but simply to
refer "to some remarks which I made the other
day in reply to the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Carpenter.] Upon an examination this
morning I fear that I was rather personal in
some of those remarks. I despise personal-
ities in the Senate or out of the Senate; and
I feel that an apology is due from me, not only
to the Senator from Wisconsin, but to the Sen-
ate, for an expression or two which was made
during the course of my remarks the other
day. One was that I did not wonder that the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] re-
pelled an association with gentlemen who had
gone back upon the Republican party. Housed
a little by a remark that Daniel Webster would
turn in his coffin at the positiou which our por-
tion of the Senate occupied on this subject, I
replied with a good deal of earnestness to the
Senator from Wisconsin; but I should not
have said that, and I am sorry that I did say
or intimate that the Senator from Wisconsin
intended to go back or was going back upon
the Republican party. I know that is not so.
I have too warm a feeling for him and too
much admiration for his high character and
abilities, and too high an appreciation of his
great services, not only in my own State but
in all the northwestern States, in behalf of our
great cause, to even intimate such a thing.
Under the impulse of debate, in answer to his
rather uncharitable suggestion that Mr. Web-
ster's bones would rattle in their coffin at the
position we had assumed, I made that re-
mark.
I also spoke of nullification, secession, and
disunion; but I did not mean to say, nor do I
now mean to say, that the Senator from Wis-
consin was a nullifier or a secessionist. I
meant simply to characterize his sentiments
as leading to those very opinions which were
promulgated by Mr. Calhoun and other men
of the South when they said that a State could
nullify a law of Congress. .
For instance, when the Senator intimated
that if Congress passed a law imposing a con-
dition that these States should never alter their
constitutions upon the subject of suffrage, the
States might treat the condition as null and
void and inoperative, I meant to say that that
was nullification, and I meant to say that that
doctrine does not admit that the Constitution,
and the laws of Congress passed in pursuance
of the Constitution, are the supreme iaw of the
land. That is what I meant to say.
So far as my remarks were personal in their
character I withdraw them. 1 do not do this
at the suggestion of the Senator or any of his
friends, or at the suggestion of any of my
friends, for no one has said anything to me oil
the subject; but I do it in justice to myself and
on account of my high appreciation of the Sen-
ator's character and services. At the same
time I do not withdraw the argument I made,
that the position assumed is like that which
heretofore characterized the positions assumed
by Mr. Calhoun and his friends in the South.
This I had a right to say in fair debate. So
far as there was anything personal in what I
said I withdraw it, and hope that I may never
make a personal allusion in debate in the
Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the
courteous amende made by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Yates] I accept in the same
spirit in which it was made. He still seems
to think, however, that the remarks made by
me the other day were a substantial reproduc-
tion of the offensive and dangerous heresies
advocated by Mr. Calhoun, which are known
by the titles of nullification and secession. To
determine this question let us inquire what
those theories were.
The doctxine of nullification was, that in
case Congress passed an act the constitution-
ality of which was denied, although it had
been maturely considered by Congress, aud
declared constitutional by the Supreme Court
of the United States, nevertheless a State
which considered the act unconstitutional
, might declare it void, and forbid and prevent
its execution in such State.
The doctrine of secession was, that whenever
the Union dealt unjustly with a State of which
i the State was to judge, she might withdraw or
secede from the Union; not by revolution and
war, but by a peaceful exercise of her right as
a sovereign State, and that it was the duty of
the United States to acquiesce in her secession
and regard it as a thing the State had a perfect
right in her discretion to do.
Mr. Webster, in his Hayne speech, to which
allusion has been made, stated the doctrine of
j nullification as follows:
< "I understand him to maintain this right as aright
existing under the Constitution, not as a right to
overthrow it, on the ground of extreme necessity,
such as would justify violent revolution.
"I understand him to maintain an authority on
the part of the States, thus to interfere, for tho pur-
pose of correcting the exercise of power by the Gen-
eral Government or any branch of it; but that, on
the contrary, the States may lawfully decide for
themselves, and each State for itself, whether in a
given case the act of the General Government tran-
scends its power.
"I understand him to insist that if the exigency
of the case, in the opinion of any State government
require it, such State government may, by its own
sovereign authority, annul an act of the General
Government, which it deems plainly and palpably
unconstitutional.
"This is the sum of what I understand from him
to be the South Carolina doctrine, and the doctrine
which he maintains. I propose to consider it and
compare it with the Constitution."
This doctrine Mr. Webster demonstrated to
be entirely unsound. My remarks the other
day were designed to show that the United
States did not possess the power, under the
Constitution of the United States, to pass an
act which would have the effect to impose lim-
itations upon the powers which the Consti-
tution reserves to the States composing this
Union. Mr. Webster, in the speech before
quoted from, disclaimed all power in this Gov-
ernment to interfere with the States in the
exercise of their constitutional powers. He
"It passes comprehension how any man could
understand me as contending for an extension of
the powers of this Government, or for consolida-
tion, in that odious sense in which it means an accu-
mulation in the Federal Government of the powers
properly belonging to the States."
Now, sir, where is the resemblance between
the position contended for by me the other day
and the Calhoun doctrines ? Because the States
have no right to destroy the General Govern-
ment does it follow that they have no rights
whatever? Or because the State may not ob-
struct the exercise of the powers of the Union
does it logically follow that the Union may
destroy the States? If it be conceded that I
have no right to kill you does it follow that
you have a right to kill me?
This is the logic applied to this subject. I
contended against the power of the United
States to destroy the States or impose any lim-
itations upon their powers as defined by the
Constitution; hence, it is said that I have
revamped the doctrine of Mr. Calhoun, that a
State bad a right to deny the powers and defy
the authority of the General Government; in
other words, because I deny the right of the
Union to destroy the States, I am charged with
having asserted that the States may destroy
the Union.
The whole matter in issue between the posi-
tion assumed by me and that assumed by the
Senator from Indiana was fairly presented by
the question which I propounded to him
before I addressed the Senate the other day.
I read from the Globe:
" Mr. Carpknter. Take tho case of a State which
is conceded now to have a republican form of gov-
ernment; has Congress the power to go with legisla-
tion into that State, and into the domestic aft'airs
of that people, and regulate its concerns with a view
to its thereafter having something besiderepublicun
form of government? For instance, can it appro-
priate money from tbe United States Treasury to
carry on the purpose of education in a State which
now has a republican form of government, on tho
ground that education will tend to secure that
republican government?
"Mr. Morton. The Senator puts his question
perhaps in the hardest form to answer," ko.
That question was put in a form very easy
to be answered; because it assumed that the
Senator claimed that the United States had
the right to usurp all the powers of the States ;
and if that was not what he intended, if it was
not a necessary deduction from his premises,
then it was very easy for him to say that Con-
gress did not possess that power. Had the
Senator said that the question suggested the
power in a form most difficult to be maintained
he would have been correct, because it was in
substance asking whether this Government had
the power to destroy the States. I do not
question the power of this Government, in a
case which calls for its exercise, to interfere
in the domestic affairs of a State to establish
a republican form of government; but I do
deny the power of this Government to thus
interfere in a State which already has such
government upon the mere ground or pre-
tense of doing something which may tend to
continue such government already in exist-
ence.
I desire also to protest against the idea that
our Constitution changes with the fluctuations
of public opinion. The Constitution of the
United States is an unchangeable law, except
as it is amended in the manner therein pro-
vided. Yet the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Yates,] contending that what was a repub-
lican government ten years ago is not now,
proceeds to the logical extremity of his views,
and says:
" Suppose that Massachusetts, as I have been told
is the case, provides that none who cannot speak tho
English language shall vote, thus excluding Ger-
mans, would that be a republican government?"
I do not propose to discuss the meaning of
the phrase "a republican government;" but
what I maintain is, that if such a Government
was ever republican it is so to-day ; and if
Massachusetts has never had a republican gov-
ernment then there never has been one on this
continent. But, sir, upon the theories now
contended for Congress is authorized to-day by
legislation to interfere in the domestic affairs
of that State not only upon the ground of the
Senator from Indiana to continue her present
form of republican government, but upon the
ground that she has no government which is
republican. Arguments which lead to such
conclusions ought to be well considered before
their soundness is admitted.
But the great point involved is the right
claimed for this Government to interfere in
the affairs of a State which already has a gov-
ernment republican in form, and legislate in
that State with a view to encourage and con-
tinue the existing government. Taking into
view that if Congress, in the exercise of its
undoubted powers, enacts a complete regula-
tion upon any subject, the right of the State to
legislate in the same field is thereby excluded ;
the doctrine contended for strikes the State
governments out of existence ; for what sub-
ject is beyond congressional control? Public
schools, universities, and colleges may all be
controlled by Congress. Religion, too, is as
potent an agency as education in sustaining free
institutions ; and may Congress build churches,
educate priests and bishops, and appropriate
money for the preaching of the Gospel? The
administration of justice even is not saved to
tho States. Mr. Webster somewhere says :
" No man can be called free unless he can say
when he rises in the morning, 'I shall be subjected
to the judgment of no unjust jodge to-day.'"
