1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2267
low, Buckingham, Carpenter. Cattell. Cole. Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Fenton, Ferry, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Howell,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sehurz,
Seott, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—
48.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Hamil-
ton. Johnston, McCreery, McDonald, Norton, Stew-
art, Stockton, Thurman, and Vickers—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Edmunds.
Fowler, Kellogg, Pool, Saulsbury, Spencer, and
Yates—9.
So the motion wag agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next resolution.
The Secretary. The next resolution is
a resolution submitted by Mr. Thurmai,t, call-
ing for information in relation to an arrange-
ment entered into between the Attorney Gen-
eral and the counsel of Yerger, under arrest
by the military authorities.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that that resolu-
tion be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that it be passed
over.
Mr. THURMAN. How can you get the
floor to do that?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is always in order to
make this motion under the new rule.
Mr. THURMAN. It is in order when you
have the floor, but not to take the floor from
me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Senator from Ohio, on the right,
[Mr. Thurman,] is partly right and partly not.
In the first place he had a right to demand the
reading of the resolution. In the second place,
his colleague has a right to take him from the
floor under the new rule, which j)rovides that
two motions, of which this is one, "shall bo
decided without debate and shall have prece-
dence in the order abovenamed, and may be
submitted as in the nature and with all the
rights of questions of order." Questions of
order in parliamentary law take a person from
the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to understand the
President
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolution. The Senator from
Ohio has a right to have it read. He has
called for its reading, after which he will have
a right to controvert the decision of the Chair.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Kpaolvetl, That tlio Attorney General be requested
to inform the Senate immediately whether any ar-
rangement, to which lie on the part of the United
States is a parly, exists whereby Yerger, of Missis-
sippi, now under arrest and held by the military
authorities of the United States, will be discharged
or turned over to the civil authorities of the State
of Mississippi, or otherwise disposed of in case Con-
gress by any legislation should take away or restrict
the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court to hear and
determine the proceeding before said court for the
discharge of said Yerger on liabe<ift corpus ; andalso,
if any arrangement exists whereby the hearing of
said proceeding or of any application for the issue
of a writ of habeas corpus therein has been delayed
or is now delayed: and that he furnish the Senate
copies of all agreements entered into between him,
as Attorney General, and the counsel ol'said Yerger
in relation to said case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now state his decision. By the new rule there
are two motions authorized as "privileged
motions, save as against a motion to adjourn or
to proceed to the consideration of executive
business:"
"1. A motion to pass over the pending subject,
which, if carried, shall have the effect to leave such
subject in its existing place on the Calendar for
action at the next call of the Calendar.
" 2. A motion to place such subject at the foot of
the Calendar.
"Both of these motions shall be decided without
debate, and shall have precedence in the order above
named, and may bo submitted as in the nature and
with all the rights of questions of order."
Mr. THURMAN.
effect of this 
Mr. SHERMAN.
order,.
Let us understand the
I call my colleague to
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
cides that the Senator from Ohio in front of
the Chair [Mr. Sherman] has a right to take
the floor to make a motion to pass over this
resolution, even if the Senator now on the
floor [Mr. Thurman] desired to debate the
resolution; for this motion is entitled to "all
the rights of questions of order."
Mr. THURMAN. Do I understand the
Chair to decide that the Senator can make
that motion when I have the floor?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He can.
Mr. THURMAN. While I have the floor
he can interrupt me to make that motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Precisely in the
same way as when the Senator from Ohio is
on the floor ari^ Senator can interrupt him
with a question of order; and the rule says
this motion shall be entitled to the same rights
as a question of order, the obvious intent of
the rule being to allow the majority of the
Senate to pass over or to put at the foot of the
Calendar any subjcct without having debate on
it. If it were not for this, when any resolu-
tion or bill was reached any Senator could
take the floor and proceed to make a speech
of one, two, or three hours. The object of
this rule evidently by its language was to cut
that off.
Mr. THURMAN. If that is the decision
of the Chair, I appeal from it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio appeals from the decision of the
Chair. The question is whether the decision
of the Chair shall stand as the judgment of the
S6n^ft6
Mr. THURMAN. Is that debatable ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. Grow-
ing out of an undebatable question, it apper-
tains to the same character, and therefore is
not debatable.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the appeal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand that
an appeal from the decision of the Chair is not
debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Being on an
undebatable question, it is not debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has never been so
held, I think, in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Otherwise we never could
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That takes away from
the Senate any opportunity to discuss the ques-
tion of the appeal at all. Now, I should like
to make a suggestion to the Chair; I was not
on the committee that framed this rule 
Mr. POMEROY. This decision does not
come under the now rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Butin reference to 
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to debate for any
purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Chair will pardon
me for making a suggestion, before the vote is
taken  
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is for the Sen-
ate to determine, not for the Chair. By unan-
imous consent the Senator from Illinois can
proceed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to take
any time. The suggestion I wanted to make
for the consideration of the Chair and the
Senate was this: when this motion 
Mr. SHERMAN. Having taken my col-
league off the floor, I cannot avoid making the
same objection to every one else. I object to
the Senator from Illinois proceeding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects to debate. The Chair will restate
his decision.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must treat all alike.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the par-
liamentary law, when undebatablie questions
are before the body appeals growing out of
them are also undebatable; and the Chair
will state one single illustration. The Presid-
ing Officer entertains a motion to adjourn. An
appeal is taken from his right to entertain that
motion. If that could be debated the Senate
could not adjourn if a majority saw fit, nor
could they proceed to decide g,n \jg,<isbatable
question.
Mr. THURMAN. Is it in order now to
appeal from the decision of the Chair that this
question is not debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. While an appeal
is pending the Chair must decide questions of
order peremptorily, subject to the future cen-
sure of the body if he decides them wrong;
otherwise appeals may be piled upon appeals.
The Senator from Ohio is familiar with that
parliamentary rule. If it were not so there
would be no end to the appeal.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, I ask for the yeas
and nays on sustaining the decision of the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio has appealed from the decision of the
Chair that under the new rule his colleague
had a right to interrupt him for the purpose
of submitting a motion to pass over the reso-
lution before the Senate. The question is,
'' Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?" On this question
the yeas and nays are called for.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not rise to make any
debate, but to state this as a universal princi-
ple of parliamentary law 
Mr. SHERMAN. That is debate.
Mr. DAVIS. No ; to make a statement of
principle is not debate.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to any debate.
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri objects. The question is on
ordering the yeas and nays upon the appeal.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT The question is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. THAYER. Will the Chair again state
the question ? It is not understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio on the right [Mr. Thurman] rising
to debate the resolution, the Senator from
Ohio in front of the Chair [Mr. Sherman]
moves, under the new rule, to pass over the
resolution ; and the Chair decides that under
the new rule, which declares that a motion to
pass over a subject or a motion to place it at
the foot of the Calendar "maybe submitted
as in the nature and with all the rights of ques-
tions of order," he has the same right to take
the floor as he would if he rose to a question
of order against his colleague. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of (he Senate?" The Secretary
will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 47, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham. Carpenter, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Oonkling, Corbett, Cragin. Drake, Fenton,
Ferry, liamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe.
Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Sehurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Tipton. Trumbull, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—47.
NAYS —Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Hamil-
ton, Johnston, McCreery. Norton. Ross, Sprague,
Stockton, Thurman, and Vickers—12.
ABSliiS T—Messrs. Cameron, Edmunds, Fowler,
Gilbert, Pool, Pratt, Saulsbury, Spencer, Warner,
and Yates—10.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The" VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the resolution reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary in regard
to the claim of Adelbert Ames to a seat in this
body is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the unfin-
ished business and all prior orders be post-
poned with a view to proceed to the consider-
ation of the resolution offered by meyester-
day. The rule which operated during the
morning hour does not operate now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the present and all prio;
orders be postponed for the purpose of cor.
sidering the resolution referred to by him.
