1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
H
framed, and submit the constitutions either
entire or in separate .parts, to be voted upon,
at the discretion of the Executive. Under this
authority elections-were called.
Virginia .the election took place on the
6th of July, 1869; the Governor and Lieuten-
ant Governor elected have been installed ; the
-Legislature met,.an.d did all required by this
resolution, and by all the recoil a true tio.u acts
of Congress, .and abstained from .all doubt-
ful authority. I recommend that her Senators
and Representatives be promptly admitted to
their seats, and that the State be fully restored
to its place in the family of States. Elections
were called in Mississippi and Texas, to com-
mence on the 30th ot November, 1869, and
to last two days in ^Mississippi and four days
m lexas. _ The elections have taken place, but
the result is not known. It is to be hoped that
the acts of the Legislatures of these States
when they meet will be such as to receive your
approval, and thus close the work of recon-
struction.
Among the evils growing out pf the rebel-
lion and not yet referred to is that of an irre-
deemable currency. It is an evil which I hope
will receive your most earnest attention. It is
a duty, and one of the highest duties of Gov-
ernment, to secure to the citizen a medium of ex-
change of fixed, unvarying value. This implies
a return to a specie basis, and no substitute for it
can be devised. It should be commenced now,
and reached at the e.arliest practicable moment
consistent with a fair regard to the interests
of the debtor class. Immediate resumption
if practicable would not be desirable. It
would compel the debtor class to pay, beyond
their contracts, the premium on gold at the
date of their purchase, and would bring bank-
ruptcy and ruin to thousands.
Fluctuations, however, in the paper value
of the measure of all values, gold, is detri-
mental to the interests of trade. It makes the
man of business an involuntary gambler, for in
all sales where future payment is to bo made
both parties speculate as to what will be the
value of the currency to be paid and received.
1 earnestly recommend to you, then, such
legislation as will insure a gradual return to
specie payments and put an immediate stop
10 fluctuations in the value of currency.
The methods to secure the former of these
results are as numerous as are the speculators
on political economy. To secure the latter I
see but one way, and that is to authorize the
Treasury to redeem its own paper at a fixed
price whenever presented, and to withhold
from . circulation all currency so redeemed,
until sold again for gold.
The vast resources of the nation, both devel-
oped and undeveloped, ought to make our credit
the best on earth. With a less burden of tax-
ation than the citizen has endured for six years
past the entire public debt could be paid in
ten years. But it is not desirable that, the
people should be taxed to pay it in that time.
Year by year the ability to pay increases
in a rapid ratio. But the burden of inter-
est ought to be reduced as rapidly as can be
done without the violation of contract. Hie
public debt ia represented, in great part, by
bonds having from five to twenty, atul from
ten to forty years to run, bearing interest-at
the rate of six per cent, and five per cent re-
spectively. It is optional with the Govern-
ment 10-pay these bonds at any period after the
expiration of the least time mentioned upon
their face. The time has already expired when
a great part o'f them may be taken up, and is
rapidly approaching when aU may be.
it is believed that all which are now due
may be replaced by bonds bearing a rate of
interest not exceeding four and one half per
cent., and as rapidly as the remainder become
due, that they may be replaced in the same
way. To accomplish this it may be necessary
fo authorize the interest to be paid at either
of three or four of the money centers of
Europe, or by any Assistant Treasurer ot the
United States, at the option of. the holder of
the bond.
I suggest this subject for the consideration
of Congress, and also simultaneously with this
the propriety of redeeming our currency, as
before suggested, at its market value at the
time the law goes ,iuto effect,, increasing the
rate at which currency will be b.oughtaud sold,
from day to day or week to week, at the same
rate of interest as Government pays upon its
bonds.
The subject of tariff and internal taxation
will necessarily receive your attention. The
revenues of the country are greater than the
requirements, and may with safety be reduced.
But as the funding of the debt in a four or a
four-and-a-half per cent, loan would reduce
annual current .expenses largely, thus, after
funding, justifying a greater reduction of tax-
ation than would be now expedient, I suggest
postponement of this question until the next
meeting of Congress. It may be advisable to
modify taxation and tariff in instances where
unjust or burdensome discriminations are made
by the present laws, but a general revision of
the laws regulating this subject I recommend
the postponement of for the present. I also
suggest the renewal of the tax on incomes, but
at a reduced rate, say of three per cent., and
this tax to expire in three years.
With the funding of the national debt as
hero suggested I feel safe in saying that taxes
and the revenue from imports may be reduced
safely from sixty to eighty millions per annum
at once, and maybe still further reduced, from
year to year, as the resources of the country
are developed.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury
shows the receipts of the Government for the
fiscal year ending Juno 30, 1869, to be $370,-
913,7-17, and the expenditures, including in-
terest, bounties, &c., to be $321,490,597. The
estimates for the ensuing'year are more favor-
able to the Government, and will no doubt
show a much larger decreaso of the public
debt.
Tho receipts in the Treasury beyond ex-
penditures havo exceeded the amount neces-
sary to place to the credit of the sinking fund,
as provided by law. To lock up surplus in the
Treasury and withhold it from circulation
would load to such a contraction of the-cur-
rency as to cripple trade and seriously affect
the prosperity of the country.
Under these circumstances tho Secretary of
the Treasury and myself heartily concurred in
tho propriety of using all tho surplus currency
in the Treasury in the purchase of Govern-
ment bonds, thus reducing tho interest-bear-
ing indebtedness of the country; and of sub-
mitting to Congress the question of the dis-
position to be made of the bonds so purchased.
The bonds now held by the Treasury amount
to about seventy-live millions, including those
belonging to the sinking fund. I recommend
that the whole bo placed to the credit of tho
sinking fund.
Your attention is respectfully invited to the
recommendations of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for the creation of the office of commis-
sioner of customs-revenue ; for the increase of
salaries to certain classes of officials ; tho sub-
stitution of increased national bank circulation
to replace the outstanding three per cent, cer-
tificates; and roost especially to his recom-
mendation for tho repeal of laws allowing
shares of fines, penalties, forfeitures, &c., to
officers of the Government or to informers.
The office of Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue is one of the most arduous and respons-
ible under the Government. It falls but little
if any short of a Cabinet positiou in its import-
ance and responsibilities. I would ask for it,
therefore, such legislation as in your judgment
will place the office upon a footing of dignity
commensurate with its importance and with
the character and qualifications of the class of
men required to fill it properly.
As the United States is the freest of all na-
tions, so, too, its people sympathize with all
people struggling for liberty and self-govern-
ment. But while so sympathizing it is due
to our honor that we should abstain from en-
forcing our views upon unwilling nations, and
from taking an interested part,wWh,cmt invita-
tion, in the quarrels between different nations,
or between Governments and their subjects.
Our course should always be in conformity
with strict justice and law, international and
local. Such Jias been the policy .of the Admin-
istration in dealing with these questions. For
more than a.year a valuable province of Spain,
and .a near neighbor of ours, in whom all our
people cannot but. feel a deep interest, has
been struggling for independence and free-
dom. The people and Government of tho
United States entertain the same warm feelings
and sympathies for the people of Cuba in their
pending struggle that they manifested through-
out the previous stuuggles between Spain and
her former colonies, in behalf of the latter. Bu t
the contest has at no time assumed the condi-
tions -which amount to a.war in the sense of
international law, or which would show the
existence of-a de facto political organization
of the insurgents sufficient to justify a recog-
nition of belligerency.
The principle is maintained, however, that
this nation is its own judge when to accord
the rights of belligerency, either to a people
struggling to free themselves from a Govern-
ment they believe to be oppressive, or to inde-
pendent nations at war with each other.
The United States have no disposition to
interfere with the existing relations of Spain
to her colonial possessions oa this continent.
They believe that indue time Spain and other
EuropeanPovvers will find their interest in term -
inating thos.e relations, and establishing their
present dependencies as independent Powers,
members of the family of nations. These de-
pendencies are no longer, regarded as subject to
transfer from one European Power to another.
When the present relation of colonies ceases
they arc to become independent Poweis, exer-
cising the right of choice and of self-control in
the determination of their future condition and
relations with other Powers.
The United States, in order to put a stop to
bloodshed in Cuba, and in tho interest of a
neighboring people, proposed their good offices
to bring the existing contest to a termination.
The offer not being accepted by Spain on a
basis which we believed eould be received by
Cuba was withdrawn. It is hoped that the
good offices of the United States may yet prove
advantageous for the settlement of this unhappy
strife.
Meanwhile a number of illegal expeditions
against Cuba havo been broken up. It has
been the endeavor of the Administratipn to
execute tho neutrality laws in good faith, no
matter how unpleasant the task, made so by
tho sufferings which we have endured from
lack of like good faith toward us by other
nations.
On the 2Gth of March last the United States
schooner Lizzie Major was arrested oil the high
seas by a Spanish frigate, and two passengers
taken from it and cariied as prisoners to Cuba,
Representations of these facts were made to
the Spanish Government as soon as official
information of them reached Washington.
The two passengers we: et at liberty, and tho
Spanish Government assured the United States
that the captain of the frigate in making the
capture had acted^ without law; that ho had
been reprimanded for the irregularity of his
conduct, and that the Spanish authorities in
Cuba would not sanction any act that could
violate the rights or treat with disrespect the
sovereignty of this nation.
The question of the seizure of the brig
Mary Lowell at one of the Bahama islands by
Spanish authorities is now the subject of cor-
respondence between this Government ar;d
those of Spain and Great Britain.
The Captain General of Cuba, about May
