1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4X55
Mr. DRAKE. But this is a road that is
authorized along the thirty-fifth parallel across
the continent. ["Question."] Iwillnotsay
anything more.
ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
rejected the motion to place this bill on the
.Calendar of special orders.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the resolution, which requires a two-
thirds vote.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 28, noes II.
So the resolution was agreed to, two thirds of
the Senators present voting in the affirmative.
PENSION.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now more—of course
it requires unanimous consent, and if anybody
objects I give notice of the motion—to place
the House bill regulating pensions, which pro-
vides for quarterly payments, upon the Calen-
dar of special orders, and I ask that themotion
be considered now. If objection is made I
know it will go over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves that the House bill No. 1987,
in regard to pensions, be placed on the Calen-
dar of special orders.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered on the Calendar of resolutions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to pass over the
remaining resolutions, for the purpose of con-
sidering the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Rules.
Mr. CHANDLER. I insist upon going
through the Calendar of resolutions regularly.
BRIDGES ON I'lIB OHIO.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reso-
lution on the Calendar is one submitted on the
27th of May by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Suott,] to place the bill (S. No. 255) in
relation to bridges across the Ohio river upon
the Calendar of special orders.
Mr. BOREMAN. When that bill comes
before the Senate in its regular order on the
Calendar I shall be willing and ready to con-
fident I trust; but I see no propriety in placing
it on the Calendar of special orders. There are
numerous other bills here which seem to be
entitled to equal position on the Calendar with
this bill. This is a matter about which there
lias been a controversy for some time ; yet it
is not a matter probably to be considered as
of national importance, as I remarked yester-
day. It is a question, however, for the Senate
to "decide. It they choose to place it on the
Calendar of special orders it may come up a
little sooner. I do not know how that will be,
whether it will or not. I do not see any reasons
for making this bill a special order and giving
it precedence over other measures of much
more importance.
Mr. SCOTT. As it is the desire of the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] this morn-
ing to reach the resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the rules, for the purpose ot expediting
business, and especially the public business, I
do not wish to antagonize this resolution with
that which it is proposed to consider this morn-
ing. I hope that that resolution will be reached
and adopted, for by it we shall all secure more
time for the consideration of public bills. I
therefore consent that this resolution be passed
over this morning for that purpose only.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania consents that the resolution be
passed over. It will be passed over.
CJiNTltAL BRANCH PACIFTO RAILROAD.
Mr. POMEROY. I have never yet asked to
have anything made a special order ; but if any
more bills are to be made special orders I shall
feel as if I have neglected my duty very mueh.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next resolution on the Calendar.
Mr. "POMEROY. I will enter a motion now
that the bill (S. No. 469) relating to the Cen-
tral Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company
be made a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas asks unanimous consent to make
the bill to which he refers a special order.
Mr. POMEROY. It may as well be made
a special order as these other bills that are made
special orders.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose I must
object, because I can see no reason why these
special orders should be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go over until to-
morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine objects, and his motion will be
placed on the Calendar of resolutions.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is it in order to move
that the whole Calendar of general orders be
placed on the Calendar of special orders?
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be, by
unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I take it it would be in
order to move them one at a time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the question
now. Let us have the next resolution on the
Calendar.
steamship line to mexico.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next resolution.
The Chief Clerk. The next is a resolution
submitted by Mr. Kelloco, to place Senate bill
No. 683, authorizing mail steamship service in
the Gulf of Mexico, between the port of New
Orleans and certain ports of the republic of
Mexico, upon the Calendar of special orders.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over until
to morrow.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that that resolu-
tion be passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
corliss steaji-esiginb company.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
following, submitted by Mr. Spencer on the 1st
of June:
JRcHohed, That the Committee on Naval Affairs,
to which has been referred the reply of the Secre-
tary of the Navy to the resolution of the Senate of
February 18. asking information relative to a settle-
ment made by the Navy Department with the Corliss
Steam-Engine Company, be instructed to investigate
the particulars of such settlement, and to report what
action, if any, ought to be taken on the subject; and
that said committee have power to send lor [iei ons
and papers, and to examine witnesses on oath.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that that be passed
over for the piesent, as I desire lo submit some
remarks upon it.
The motion was agreed to.
business 01? commerce committee.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
following, submitted by Mr. Chandlcu on the
3d of June:
Mesohed, That Tuesday next bo set apart for the
consideration of bills reported from the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to make a state-
ment to the Senate. We have upon the Cal-
endar about twenty bills reported from the
Committee on Commerce. Some of them are
very important; some of them of less import-
ance; but all important to somebody; and if
the Senate will give me one day I think we can
pass the more important of those bills. The
Committee on Commerce has had but two days
this winter, Two days have been given to the
commercial affairs of the nation and fourteen
to the District of Columbia. I hope the Sen-
ate will give me next Tuesday for the consid-
eration of bills from the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. HAMLIN. The District has had only
four days.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think we ought
to adopt this resolution, not that 1 am opposed
to passing my friend's bills, for I presume most
of them are good and proper bills; but when
we adopted the new rule to go on with the Cal-
endar in the regular way some time ago it was
with the distinct understanding in the mind of
almost everybody that we should thus obviate
the practice^ which had grown up, a bad prac-
tice, of setting apart special days for a class
of business, because it has been found whetj
we follow that practice that only the committee
named, and a few gentlemen interested in that
particular class of business, will give it any
attention, and bills, therefore, are not exam-
ined and criticised and considered as they are
when they are reached when the Senate is full
and everybody is waiting for his turn on the
Calendar. It is an objectionable mode of pro-
cedure, probably as little so in respect to the
Committee on Commerce as any; but in respect
to the Committee on Pensions, or the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia or the Com-
mittee on Finance or any other committee. I
should hope, therefore, that my friend from
Michigan would consent to move the most
important of his bills from time to time as a
special order or otherwise, and get on with the
business in that way.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have spent more time
in quarreling with the Senator from Vermont
over the order of business than it would take
to pass half my bills. We actually spend more
time in contesting over the order of business
than it would take to transact the business,
particularly since these last rules have been
adopted. Since then I have not reached a bill;
I cannot get at a bill. Why, sir, these new
rules ought to be designated as rules for tho
obstruction of business. I hope that the old
practice will be returned to, and that the Sen-
ate will give each of the important committees
a day for the transaction of their business. L
have certain bills here that will lead to debate,
two of which I have given notice I shall try to
bring up to-day. I mean to antagonize them
against any billsbefore the body, for my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] says they
are the most important of the bills that are "
before the body. My friend from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] says the same thing. Those billy
have been thoroughly discussed, and I hope we
shall be able to reach a vote on them to-day;
but on thpse miscellaneous matters- 
Mr. SUMNER. X take it my friend does
not desire to debate those bills. He simply
wishes a vote upon them.
Mr. CHANDLER. All I wish is a vote upon
them. I am not going to debate them at all ;
but I shall ask the Senate to take them up and
vote upon them. I have not a word to say
upon them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise merely to correct
the Senator from Michigan, who states that the
rules as they now stand prevent his getting up
bills. On the contrary they enable a majority
of the Senate without debate to take up any
bill it pleases by half a dozen motions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Half a dozen motions
taking perhaps a day !
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir ; it will not, take
half the time it •would to hear my friend from
Illinois on the question of whatbili ought to be
considered ; and we always listen to him with
pleasure. No, Mr. President, the rules as they
now are enable a majority of the Senate to
decide what they will do without debate ; but
the trouble is that gentlemen do not imagine a
majority of the Senate are willing to skip over
the Calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY. The ungrateful Senator
from Michigan secured "the passage of two bill's
of fifty pages each under this very rule that he
complains of, and he never could have got them
up but lor this rule.
Mr. THAYER. I agree with the Senator
from Michigan that these new rules are obstruc-
tions. Look at it yesterday morning and this
morning. Yesterday morning we fepent the
greater portion of the morning hour, it I recol-
lect. aright, in order to reach something, auu
Vet failed t<> accomplish it. Now we arc repeat-
ing the same thing this morning, spending a
