8212
tllW CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
era! importance in regard to the accounts of
officers of the Army and Navy on the Calen-
dar, and which, under the rule, can be reached
in a few moments. It is the only bill in which
I feel an interest, and I feel that interest only
in common with every one else. If that bill
can be disposed of now before the motion of
the Senator from Maine is made I should feel
disposed then to support him. This bill to aid
in the settlement of the accounts of officers of
the Army and Navy I think will take but a few
minutes to read and pass.
Mr. POMERO Y. I, too, have a bill that was
laid aside informally yesterday. When that
is disposed of I shall be willing to vote with
the Senator from Maine.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator
from Maine that in one hour we can finish
what we have on the Calendar, and we had
better ge through with it. There are two or
three bills that I should be very glad to have
acted on.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
is of the opinion that sixteen bills can be passed
in one hour 
Mr. WILSON. Most of them can be dis-
posed of very quickly.
Mr. ROSS. I very much prefer that the bill
called up by the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Har-
lax] should be passed over for the present. I
move that it be passed over informally.
Mr. SUMNER. I supposed our object in
adopting the order und^ which we have been
working so successfully- during the last week
was to avoid and supersede these sterile dis-
cussions every morning on the order of busi-
ness ; and now I find that we are plunged in
the midst of one of those very discussions. I
lament it; I deplore it. I am sorry that my
friend from Maine has undertaken to arrest
the operation of an order which has been so
beneficent, and which I think we ought all to
desire to see executed to the end. As soon as
the order is completed, which ought to be
before we adjourn this afternoon, then the way
will be open to consider the motion of the
Senator from Maine.
The Senate is also aware that there is a spe-
cial order in executive session, and I give notice
that I shall deem it my duty, at as early a day
as I can, to move an executive session, with a
view to consider that special order; but I do
not wish to antagonize any business committed
to me with the execution of this general order.
I hope the Senate, therefore, this afternoon
will proceed with the bills that remain on the
Calendar.
Mr. RAMSEY.. May I ask how many bills
yet remain to be considered under this order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Sixteen.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
This is all out of order. The Senator from
Maine has no right to submit this motion under
the rule without giving one day's notice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is competent to move to rescind the
order under which the Senate is acting at any
time. It was so decided by the permanent
Presiding Officer.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution itself pro-
vides that nothing shall be in order until this
rule is executed. That is a rule of the Senate,
I merely raise the point of order in order to
prevent debate.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it a rale or a resolu-
tion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point
of order was made before, and it was decided
by the permanent Presiding Officer, that it was
always in order to move to rescind the order
of business under which the Senate was pro-
ceeding.
Mr. MORRIXjL, of Maine. Now, I want to
say one word in reply to the Senator from
Massachusetts. I have been ready to proceed
with this appropriation bill (which is a bill of
a public character, which affects the entire
civilservice of this country, and which involves
about nineteen million dollars) for three weeks,
and waiting au opportunity and have waited
here patiently for this general order during the
last nine days. This is the ninth day, ana the
Senate lias devoted itself during these nine
days to the consideration of bills of a private
character almost exclusively. We have now
got to the end of the printed Calendar, and we
have got almost to the end of the entire Cal-
endar, only sixteen bills remaining, every one
of a private character.
Now, I submit to the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts whether he thiuks that at
this stage of the session, with all the consider-
able appropriations behind, it is my duty to
subordinate this bill of this public character to
indulge the Senate in going on and considering
bills of an entirely private character when he
knows, aud we all know, that when this bill is |
once through, and it must go through some j
time, then there will be an opportunity for the |
Senate to take up and consider these other ]
bills. I know very well that if this bill goes j
over to-day I must run my chances to get it up
to-morrow or Monday; and there is the Sena-
tor from Minnesota on my back, watching for
the bill for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege, always ready to bring that up; and here
on my right I am appealed to to give way to
another bill, said to be of great public import-
ance, for the enforcement of the fifteenth
amendment; and where is this to end if I
yield ? I think I will take the judgment of the
Senate, and if the Senate say it is not proper
to go on with this appropriation bill, of course
I shall submit; but I will make one effort to
get the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. It seems to me that this
special order ought now to be set aside. While
it has done much good, I believe there are
many bills pending before the Senate, each
one of which is of more importance than all
the bills which have been passed under this
special order put together As has been stated
by the Senator from Maine, they are generally
of a private character; and while they are
important to the persons who are interested in
them they are not of importance to the country.
There are many very important bills of a gen-
eral character that it seems to me the Senate
should now proceed to the consideration of.
This order has worked long enough; it has
done well; and it can be recurred to again after
a few weeks, if it should be found necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of- the Senator from Maine,
to suspend the order under which the Senate
is now acting.,
Mr. IlAMSEY. Will that necessarily dis-
place the special orders that have been made? 1
The PRESIDING OfMCER. It will not
affect the special orders.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will they come up, then,
immediately, for consideration ? ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will, j
unless the Senate vote to take up the appro-
priation bill. -
Mr. RAMSEY. Then it will require another
motion to take up the Senator's bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no particular objec-
tion, then, to this motion^ but 1 hope the Senate
will take up the bill to abolish the franking
privilege.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If this mo-
tion prevails, the first business in order then
will be the bill for the abolition of the frank-
ly. POMEROY. I suggest that this order
be suspended, for the purpose of considering
the appropriation bill, and we can then resume
the consideration of tne Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course 1 pur-
pose to reach my bill by the appropriate
motion.
Mr. POMEROY. If the pending order can
'■ be suspended temporarily, for the sake of con-
sidering the appropriation bill and then return-
ing to this order again—if that is the effect of
I the Senator's motion, I will vote for it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Would the Senator dis-
place the bill to abolish the franking privilege ?
Mr. POMEROY. That bill does not go into
effect until July.
Mr. RAMSEY. The country is anxious to
know the position of Senators on that ques-
tion. I should like to know the position of my
honorable friend.
Mr. POMEROY. There is plenty of time for
that between this and July. The Senator him-
self is not very anxious about it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am, as I think the Sen-
ator must see from what I have said this morri-
^ir. SUMNER. Why suspend the order?
Why not proceed to execute it? We can finish
it before we adjourn this afternoon, and then
there will be nobody to complain. It seems to
me that it is indiscreet for the Senate now even
to consider the question of interfering with
the execution of this order, it has gone on so
very well; and why not carry it on to the end,
only an hour or two longer ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My answer to
that is that here is a bill of high public im-
portance demanding action, and the rest of
the Calendar is simply private bills that can
afford to wait until Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know that they
can afford to wait until Monday. There they
are on the Calendar, and I am willing to give
them the benefit of the same order that the
others have enjoyed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My answer is
that I am not willing to give them the benefit
of the time of the Senate to the exclusion of
a bill of a public character. They are private,
and ought to be subordinated to the demands
of the public.
Mr. SUMNER. There are a great many
bills of a public character on the Calendar, as
the Senator well knows.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
single bill to be considered yet that is not of a
private character; not one. I have examined
them.
Mr. SUMNER. I mean that of those we
have passed there are a great many of a public
character.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But those now
remaining to be considered are every one of
them of a private character.
Mr. SUMNER. Then let us go on and
finish them. '
Mr. NYE. I wish to make a suggestion to
the honorable Senator from Maine, whether,
to get rid of this controversy, it would not be
better to have a general understanding that
we take up that appropriation bill to-morrew
morning and go through with it.
Mr. RAMSEY. How can we have such a
general understanding?
Mr. NYE. What do you want to get up—
that franking privilege bill ?
Mr. RAMSEY. That is just the thing. The
Senate has made it a special order.
Mr. NYE. There are notthree Senator? on
this floor in favor of its passing.
Mr. RAMSE Y. I should like to see the vote.
Mr. NYE. They have not courage enough
to beat it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think I shall prove by the
vote that three fourths of the Senate are for it.
Mr. £fYE. I have no doubt you will have
their votes; but they are not for it, and you
know it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know it.
Mr. NYE. I suggest whether that would
not be a fair compromise. The franking priv-
ilege bill we can take care of in the morning.
Mr. RAMSEY. You have been taking care
of it two or three months.
Mr. NYE. My friend mentions it every time
there is an opportunity for fear the Tribune will
scold him for not calling it up. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine to suspend the order under which the
Senate is now acting.
