2268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
Mr. NORTON. Do I understand the liioMoh
of the Senator from Ohio to include the ; 'ne
of the Calendar of resolutions?
Mr. SHERMAN. Everything, now the
morning hour is over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
of resolutions has now passed from the con-
sideration of the Senate; and the special or-
ders and the bills on the Calendar of general
orders are before the Senate.
Mr. NORTON. The motion, then, should
bo properly to postpone the unfinished business
of yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is now
before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Chair how this
question is to be decided? By a vote of the
Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
by a vote of the Senate. The morning hour
having expired, the unfinished business, the
special orders, and the bills on the Calendar
are before the Senate.
Mr. FERRY. Is not the unfinished business
a privileged question—the admission of Gen-
eva! Ames to a seat in the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a privileged
question, but is subject to the rules of the Sen-
ate and can be postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. POMEROY. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. THAYER. I ask my friend from Mas-
sachusetts to withdraw that motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us vote it down.
Mr. SUMNER, lam simply doing my duly,
the Senate understand.
Mr. TIIAYER. Wo appreciate that; but I
appeal to the Senator from Massachusetts to
withdraw his motion for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. In order to have the vote
on the other matter?
Mr. THAYER. Yes.
Mr. SUMNER. I will Withdraw it so as to
have a vote 011 the other matter. I withdraw
the motion for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman.}
The question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Before the Senate divides
I should like to understand exactly what this
question is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio has moved that the present and all
jiiior orders be postponed for the purpose of
consideiing the resolution offered by him yes-
terday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does that take two votes
or one ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question can
bo divided ; it is subject to division on the call
of any Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is this a debatable ques-
tion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. To what extent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
in regard to the right of Mr. Anies to a seat
is before the Senate, and a motion to postpone
it is debatable.
Mr. SHERMAN. Only to ft limited extent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The subject of the ad-
mission to a seal of General Ames is now
the nuestioft before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. II is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And there is a motion
to postpone that. That brings up, I take it,
the whole question of the right of General
Ames to a seat. Now I submit to the Senate,
why shall we not dispose of that? We have
had it before us and debated it for two or three
days; and do we gain anything by laying aside
one matter and taking up another? I do not
propose to debate the question of the right of
General Ames to a seat; but I submit to those
who have debated it that we had better go on
and dispose of it. It has betm dischssed pretty
fully in the Senate, t have tiot expressed my
opinion on it in the Senate. I hare contented
myself with saying a very Few words on the
important questions which are pressing upon
us. There is the Georgia case, which 1 was
very anxious to have decided. No man in this
Senate is more anxious than I am to have all
the States restored at the earliest moment to
their proper relations in the Union. Having
charge ot the Georgia bill, I have pressed it
on every occasion; 1 have urged that we should
sit it out, come to a vote on it, and dispose of
it. Now, we have had up the question of the
eligibility of General Ames, which the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] insisted upon
taking up and overriding the Georgia bill.
That is a privileged question that ought to be
disposed of. It is before us. The Seriator
from Massachusetts has had business that has
oeeupied the Senate for several days, and has
withdrawn his motion to go into executive
session.
Mr. SUMNER. Only for the moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, why can we not
dispose, and dispose speedily, of the case of
General Ames, and then dispose of the remain-
ing States without this struggle which the Sen-
ator from Ohio is seeking to bring upon the
Senate to take away from the Judiciary Com-
mittee the business before it and take charge
of it himself? The Judiciary Committee has
reported bills hero that it is very anxious to
have acted upon, and bills to admit States,
bills that came to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives prior on the Calendar, and that we
wish to have acted upon ; and now we have a
privileged question before us, and I submit
that this is the time to dispose of it. I am not
going to consume time; so far as I am con-
cerned I am ready to vote on it now. I do not
remember who has the floor oii the question of
the right of General Ames to a seat, or whether
any Senator has taken the floor on that subject.
It is possible we may be able to get a vote at
once; but whoever has the floor has a right to
address the Senate on that question, and I hope
wo may go on with it and dispose of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think I am fairly
entitled to receive any reproach from the Sen-
ator from Illinois for seeking to take business
out of his hands or those of anybody else. I
have usually followed the lead of the Judiciary
Committee on all these questions of recon-
struction. I have said not one word in debate,
I believe, from the beginning to the end of the
controversy ; but it does seem to me extraor-
dinary that the Senator from Illinois should
seek to obstruct the will of the Senate as to
the order of its business. Wo discussed the
case of General Ames for several days. 1 cer-
tainly did not participate in that debate, or
take any time on that subject; and there was
no moment when I was not ready to vote on it.
So with the question of Georgia. We debated
it day after day. But now there is an absolute
necessity, which is felt by a majority of the
Senate, I know, that action should be had which
will secure the proclamation of the President
that the fifteenth amendment is a part of the
Constitution of the United States.
Now, sir, in view of the necessity of that
result, both politically and nationally, I am not
to be deterred from the performance of my
duty by any mere question of etiquette or of
feeling*. -No man will yield more to the feel-
ings of Senators than I would ; but I know
that a majority of the Senate desire that speedy
action should be had upon the Texas case, as
the earliest and surest means of securing the
proclamation of the President that the fif-
teenth amendment is a part of the Constitution
of the United States. I should be perfectly will-
ing to follow the lead of the honorable Senator
from Illinois ; and if the Texas bill is reached
and taken up I shall probably vote for any
amendment that maybe proposed by the Judi-
ciary Committee or by hi'm; but it does seem to
me that he oughtnot to obstruct the manifest de-
sire of a majoi'ity of the Senate to reach that
bill, hecause that bill at least presents no ques-
tion about which the«5 -is a great contrariety
of opinion, atid^we eati reach a vote on it in a
very short time.
As for the objection now made in behalf of
General Ames, lam inclined to think, although
I have no authority for saying so, that General
Ames is willing to yield to the Texas bill: cer-
tainly those who support the claims of Gen-
eral Ames here are those who are about to
vote for this proposition. If a mere matter
of personal controversy as to what persons
are entitled to seats here is to be considered,
there are Senators from the State of Texas who
are waiting, and their rights may be consid-
ered as well as those of General Ames.
this is a question about which 1 intend to
have no feeling. The Senator from Illinois
knows that I would do nothing which would
even seem to be discourteous to him or to the
committee of which he is the honored chair-
man ; but I do feel, and he must feel the neces-
sity of having the disturbing question about
the fifteenth amendment removed entirely from
doubt; and the surest and the best way for us
to do it-is to act upon that State about which
there is the least controversy and the least
number of questions likely to create debate.
1 again disclaim any purpose or desire to
interfere with the honorable Senator or with
the management of the business of his com-
mittee; butwhen it is manifest to the majority
of the Senate that one bill ought to be taken
up rather than another it should be in their
power to order it to be done; and in regard to
such business as is placed in my hands I say
for myself that I would never interpose one
moment, even if it was against my own judg-
ment, to prevent the Senate from taking up
anything that a majority thought ought to be
taken up in preference to the measures I might
be advocating. 1 never felt hurt when a meas-
ure of which 1 had charge was put aside for
something which in the opinion of the Senate
was considered more important.
Without this controversy, which, it seems to
mo, is unseemly in the Senate, without this
struggle as to the order of business, whenever
it is apparent that the majority of the Senate
clearly desire that a particular bill should be
taken up and acted on, it appears to me that
the miuority ought frankly to yield to that wish
of the majority. No harm is done, becausc all
these bills will in time be acted, on, and each
of us will take our responsibility before the
country. But on the question of the order of
business there ought to be no unseemly con-
troversy, there ought to be no feeling; but that
question, at least, ought to be submitted to a
majority of the Senate, and when their judg-
ment is announced the minority ought freely and
cordially to acquiesce.
Sir, you and I, as members of the House of
Representatives years ago, know how much
valuable time was consumed in dilatory mo-
tions—motions to adjourn, questions ofappeal,
the various points that have been tnade here
to-day. I atn very sorry indeed that the rule
which has been adopted recently should give
rise to that kind of dilatory motion in the Sen-
ate. Heretofore it has always been in order
to move at any time directly to the poiiit we
wished to get at; and if a majority of the Senate
so decided, that was the end of the controfersy.
We ought to resume again that practice, so
that a majority of the Senate, at any moment
may lay aside a privileged or any other question
and reach the point they wish to get at. JIf a
majority of the Seriate vote down the uiotion I
make, be it so; but if it be .otligrwise,■ let us
proceed to the consideration of the Texas bill
and act upon such amendments as may be
