1324
THE OO^GRBSSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
An impartial jsdiciary is a necessity of a
republican State government. But may Con-
gress overhaul the systems now existing in the
States and make such regulations as it deems
expedient? When the Constitution of the
United States was adopted the general theory
was that the life tenure, or tenure of good
behavior, was necessary to secure an impartial
judiciary. Most of the States have adopted a
different system. May Congress undo what
the States have done, and compel them to
return to the old -system, if in the opinion of
Congress such a judiciary is the best and best
calculated to guaranty the continuance of a
republican form of State government ? Agai n,
the tenure of real property and the facility
with which it may be conveyed tends power-
fully to promote the permanency of republican
government. Sir, you remember Mr. Web-
ster1 s speech before an agricultural society
in Massachusetts, in which be predicted that
France would be revolutionized, changedfrom
a monarchy to a republic, in consequence of
the law she had adopted ia regard to the con-
veyance and holding of land. May Congress
take this subject also into its care atod keeping?
While the dootrme I contend for is not nulli-
fication nor secession, this theory contended
for by the other side is the same as that claimed
by South Carolina, except that its victim is the
State instead of the Uniorf. It is the duty of this
Government, it is the duty of the Republican
party while administering this Government,
not to fall short of exercising all the powers
conferred upon this Government in the proper
case for their exercise, nor by a hair's breadth
to transcend those powers. If the condition
of things in a State is such as to call for the
interference of Congress to establish a repub*
lican form of government we are to exercise
the power and establish each ' government.
But when we go for that purpose into a- State
•we go as a physician to tre*t political disease^
bnt if no disease has appeared, if the State
already has a republican form of 'government,
there is no necessity, and consequently no
right, for this Government to interfere.
Mr. MORTON. I wonld like my friend to
state the difference between the proposition he
lias just announced now of the power of the
national Government and the proposition that
I stated. I cannot see it. I would be glad to
have him state the difference.
Mr. CARPENTER. To state the whole
difference, would perhaps be to repeat all the
Senator said. I understand the Senator to
maintain the proposition that Congress has
the constitutional power, as a means to guar-
anty the existence of. republican government
in a State, to legislate on the subject of com-
mon schools. Then, 1 should like to know
what are the limits of sucU power of interfer-
ence? If he does not renounce that power I
deny it. , There is one issue sufficient for, our
purpose. I go a step further, merely to illus-
trate the unsoundness of the position in respect
to schools, in showing that if it can be main-
tained as to one sulgect it can be as well main-
tained in regard to the judiciary of a State, its
tenure of land, and indeed all the local and
domestic affairs of a State. If the Senator
from Indiana does not contend for that posi-
tion, then that is not an issue between us.
, I say, then, that our line of duty as a party,
the line of duty of this Government, is perfectly
plain; and the powers which we do possess are
to be exercised with boldness, with discretion,
with firmness ; but we are in no case to trans-
cend those powers. The Republican party has
accomplished a great success in this country.
It could die to-day and leave behind it a more
brilliant record than that of any other party
that has ever administered the affairs of this
country; but it has no business to die. It has
duties still to he performed—duties it can
accomplish by adhering strictly to the right
line of duty. There is within the limits of the
Constitution room enough fop Radicalism to
perform its mission, bat its great heart--shouId
throb and beat within the provisions of the Con-
stitution' as the human heart beats within the
ribs of the natural body. When the Constitu-
tion gives a power and imposes a duty, let us
perform that duty ; when the Constitution pre-
scribes a limit, there let us stop.
Mr. MORTON. I think after *all there is
very little differehce between the Senator from
Wisconsin and myselft I stated that the Gov-
ernment of the United States had a right to
use the means to prevent the overthrow of a
republican government in a State. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin,, while putting an extreme
case of the abuse of the power, which is an
argument that can be wade against the exist-
ence of any power in the-Constitution, admits
that the Government has a right to intervene
in the affairs of a State to prevent the destruc
tion of a republican form of government, and
he says it must go as a physician to eradicate
I disease. I accept the illustration fully. When
I the physician goes to eradicate disease he
' expects to go before death ensues, to prevent
death, not to go after death to resurrect the
j body ; and when he goes to- eradicate disease
i he expects to use the means to do it, and the'
j means are the medicines that he administers,
j The Government of the United States will
; go as the physician to eradicate disease, the
i disease that may beat work in the body politic
j of a State, the effect of which will be to bring
: political death to republican institutions; and
i having the power by the use of means to eradi-
cate disease, it thereby preserves the life of the
) body-politic. That is what I say, that the
! Government of the United States has a right
! to use the means in advance to protect the
republican government from destruction, in-
stead of going as a resurrectionist to bring it
to life after it.has died. Substantially, I think
there is no difference between the Senator and
myself, and I am very glad of it.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I did not
intend to address the Senate again on this ques-
tion, and should not do so now if it had not
happened that a considerable amount of crit-
icism has been uttered against the doetrifiea I
broached the other day in the discussion. I
concur mainly in the doctrine of the honorable
Senator from Indiana'[Mr. Morton] «s to the
power of this Government to carry qot what is
knowt> as th guarantee clause of the Constitu-
tion. That ia a-very important clause in the
instrument. Judging from the remarks made
by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin,
[Air. Carpenter,] and by other Senators whro
participated in the discussion, one would sup-
pose their opinion ta be that thatspeeial clause
in the instrument confers upon Congress no
power or authority whatever, but is, as a part
of the Constitution, an entirely dead letter.
W e are here told over and over again that Con-
gress cannot interfere with the domestic affairs
of a State, and greatinconvenience8<are pointed
out should Congress undertake to do so.. -It is
very possible, sir, if the broad power which i
suppose to rest in the terms of the guarantee
shouldbe carried out in all cases where it could
be done by Congress, that abuses of power
might occur, and inconveniences to the State
might arise from its exercise. But we are not
talking about the inconveniences which may
arise from the exercise of a power. It does
not follow because such may exist that there-
fore the power, does not. exist. I am talking
abont the power of Congress under this clause
of the Constitution,-not of the inconveniences
which .may possibly result from its exercise.
Those two : things are entirely distinct e&oh
from the <other. We are not to affirm that a,
political power does not exist simply because
there is a possibility that it may be abased, or
because it may. happen to have been abused
heretofore. All power is liable to abuse, bnt
we must not conclude from that circumstance
that all power is withheld. This is an axiom,
sir, in legal construction and legal logic which
need not insist upon.
Now,.'this clau8* declftre8 th*t MtbeUaited<
States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion,"
&c. Here are two distinct powers granted in
the clause. The first is the guarantee of a
republican form of government to each State
in the Union, and the second the duty ot' Con-
gress to protect each from invasion—two states
of things which are entirely distinct and may be
completely independent the one of the other.
Now, sir, I put the question to the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, who is a good lawyer
and whohasundoubtedly bestowed much reflec-
tion upon this and the similar questions. I ask
him, does this guarantee clause give to the
Congress of the United States any power -what-
ever, or is it a mere meaningless, ineffectual
expression, thrust into the Constitution for
some purpose, no one knows what? 1 insist,
sir, and those who concur with me insist, that
it confers an actual power and authority on the
Congress of the United States. When it de-
clares that the United States shall guaranty
to each State in this Union a republican form
of government its meaning and intention are
that the two bodies composing Congress, in
whom the whole legislative authority of the
Government is vested, shall see to it that this
contract with each and every State shall be
faithfully carried out. It can only be effectu-
ated by legislation. The Executive has no
power to guaranty a republican form of gov-
ernment to any of the States. It is in its nature
and essence a legislative authority pertaining
exclusively to Congress. The expression im-
poses a high duty upon Congress; it is the
command of the whole people of the United
States that the Congress shall see to it at all
times that every State in this Union has a
republican form of government—a duty, I
repeat, imposed upon Congress by the whole
people, one which we cannot avoid or evade,
requiring of us, whenever a proper occasion
presents itself, to act, and to act faithfully and
effectually. It is as much a power granted to
us as is the power to lay and collect taxes, to
regulate commerce, or to establish the judicial
system of the United States. It is, in short,
one of the several powers granted by the
instrument to the Congress, and is to be inter-
preted and put in practice by the same rules.
Now, sir, it is a perfectly well-settled prin-
ple, one which the Senator from Wisconsin will
not deny, nor will any other person deny it,
that where a power ia given, even at. common
law, to do an act, the person upon whom it is
conferred may use all means that arenecessary,
proper, or usual to secure the end which is
authorized by the warrant of attorney. On
this subject, sir, we are fortified by some of
the most solemn decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Congress cannot exercise any of the specific
powers conferred upon them without the -use
of means and instrumentalities. Legislation
must be resorted to, and legislation necessarily
requires the use of means to carry its purposes
into "effect.
As I said before, this guarantee clause con-
fers upon Congress not only a power but im-
poses a duty, the highest duty embraced in the
Constitution, in my opinion. It is a duty, sir,
which commences the moment a State, be-
comes a member of the Union and rests upon
Congress during all time; a duty which Con-
gress is bound to execute whenever they shall
see that there is danger, however distant it
may be, that the form of government in any
one particalar State is likely to become per-
verted and changedfrom republican to despotic,
monarchical, or aristocratic.
I will answer the question so often propounded
by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin and
others, and I say that if Congress shall see fit,
in order to maintain in anyone particular. State
republican government, to provide for a com-
mon-school system by which the elements of
human knowledge shall be diffused among the
ptfpollitiftn of that State, 'Congress believing
