5100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
people when it was levied in time of war as a
war tax. I believe this tax to be the most
obnoxious tax that has ever been levied upon
the American people during a time of peace.
I have no hesitation in saying that it has been
very distasteful to the people in our section of
the country; that it has been inquisitorial, and
that the affairs of our people have been pried
into and examined by the assessors.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind the Senator that he has spoken on
this question the full time allowed by the rule.
Mr. CORBETT. Not on this question of
striking out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senate to be acting on the
question of the income tax.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand the question
to be on striking out this section. It is a new
motion, to strike out two and a half per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will proceed.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no doubt, as I have
heretofore stated, that many a man in business
gives in an income and pays a tax that he
cannot afford to pay. He does not desire to
exhibit his affairs to the public, and therefore
he is willing to submit, unjustly as it may be,
to a tax for the sake of maintaining his credit
among business men. The honest people pay
this tax, and have been willing to submit to it,
though they conceived it unjust, as a necessity
for the preservation of the Government. I
have no doubt of the fact that has been spoken
of in a political point of view, and I regard the
renewal of this tax as one of the most fatal
blows to the Republican party of anything that
has been proposed.
Mr. ROBERTSON. A few days ago the tax
on incomes was voted down by a majority of
eleven votes, and I think the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Drake] said a short time after the
vote was taken that he thought the result might
be changed. I at that time must confess that I
did not sec it. lie got up and said, because
gentlemen differed with him and voted with
the Democrats, they were assisting the Demo-
crats to defeat the measure. Sir, f for one
will not give my consent that any one shall
read me out of the party because the Demo-
crats happen to vote on my side. I think the
Democrats are sensible. I see to-night Sen-
ators voting first on one side and then on the
other. I cannot see for my life the reason for
this change. They have not assigned it. I am
not at all astonished at the newspaper charges
about members of Congress, after having seen
what I have witnessed to-night. I must say
that in my opinion the Senate is utterly demor-
alized, and therefore I move an adjournment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is not debatable. The Senator from South
Carolina moves that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 24, noes 31.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely desire
to say in relation to this tax that I consider our
whole discussion on this subject a useless con-
sumption of time, for I have no question that
the House of Representatives would be as firm
in resistance to the repeal of this tax as they
would bo to the extension of the time for ad-
journment, and that whatever time we may
devote to this subject will be only thrown away.
Besides, I consider that the old tax was for and
during 1870, and if we want to repeal the tax
next session we can do it. For the present
year it ought to be continued.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am more convinced
that the Senate is not ready to vote on a grave
question of this sort, and I shall insist upon
having the yeas and nays on the adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can again make the motion, but it is too late
to call for the yeas and nays on his previous
motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON, (at nine o'clock and
forty minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 30; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, Cor-
bett, Davis, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harris, Johnston, Lewis, McCreery, Pool, Revels,
Robertson, Seott, Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
nifti], Tipton,Trumbull, and Viekers—23.
NATS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler,Cragin. Drake,
Edmunds, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Howell, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Nye. Osborn, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sawyer,
Scburs, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,Thayer,Warner,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham,Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Cole, Conkling,
Fenton, Perry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, How-
ard, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Saulsbury,
and Yates—19.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the sections relating to the
income tax, as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate has once struck
out those sections by a large vote; and since
then I have heard no reason assigned for any
change beyond this, that the other House differs
from the Senate. Is that a reason ? It seems
to me that the Senate is to do its duty as it
understands it; and as I understand that duty
it is to see that this income tax is abolished.
I do not wish now to repeat the arguments that
have been so often presented with regard to its
character, to exhibit its inequitable character,
how it operates unjustly, taxing the proceeds
of labor, of industry, of professional service,
precisely as you tax the proceeds of fixed
capital, all of which I hold to be grossly unjust.
But I wish to remind the Senate again that
if you keep this tax up in the modified form
you must continue the same old machinery,
and you keep alive still a memorial of the war.
An income tax is a war tax. I have before
me a memorandum of its first origin; not in
our country, for it was not first born here; it
was introduced by Mr. Pitt, and one of his
leading supportei's, Sir William Curtis, after-
ward said, "He was present in the house when
the tax was first proposed, and he heard Mr.
Pitt declare that it should be a war tax only,
and should positively cease on the restora-
tion of peace." The Government instead of
carrying their measure that time by a major-
ity of forty, as was promised, were beaten
by a majority of thirty-seven, on which Mr.
Wilberi'orce, who was good authority al-
ways whenever he spoke, very well observed,
"that the wholesome principle was laid down
that war and income taxes are wedded to-
gether." These are the words of Mr. Wilber-
force, "War and income taxes are wedded
together;" and within nine months after the
battle of Waterloo the income tax was abol-
ished in England. If it has shown itself latterly
in England in a modified form it is because
the great exigencies of the national debt and
the largo expenditure have rendered it neces-
sary. But no such exigencies prevail here,
and I fall back upon that principle so happily
expressed by Mr. Wilberforce, that war and
income taxes are wedded together. You can-
not keep up that tax without keeping a souve-
nir of the war. To my mind it is a bloody tax,
and I wish'to have it cease.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish the consent of the
Senate to make an inquiry to find out what is
the will of the Senate. It is known that by
unanimous consent the further consideration
of the naturalization bill was set for to-morrow,
to begin at twelve o'clock, and the opponents
of the bill to be allowed from that until five to
argue against it, and then the vote to be taken.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Debate was to go on till
five.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Globe will show
whatever it was.
Mr. THURMAN. I think it will. I have
looked at it sinco, and it is just as I said, but
that is not the point. When a bill is set in that
way, as has been ruled several times, by unan-
imous consent for a particular time, it takes pre-
cedence over the unfinished business, and the
consequence is that when we adjourn now we
adjourn with that understanding; the natural-
ization bill will displace this bill at twelve
o'clock to-morrow.- The gentleman who has
the naturalization bill in charge is confined to
his room by sickness, and I wish, therefore, to
have an understanding—I know nothing about
his wishes—I wish to have- an understanding
to-night, if we can, whether that bill is to come
up to-morrow, or whether we are to proceed
with this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe I am authorized
by the Senator who has charge of that bill to
say for him that he intends to have the bill go
on according to the understanding of the Sen-
ate, whether he is here or not. Somebody will
represent him if he fails to be here.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
that if the chairman of the Committee on
Finance has none.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should regard the unani-
mous assent of the Senate as overruling all my
wishes, and compelling me implicitly to obey
the order of.the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We will finish this bill
to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me appeal to Sen-
ators. There is nothing more in this bill that
we have not discussed. There are several
formal amendments to the income tax, sections
reserved already and partially acted on by the
Senate. I do not suppose one of them will
give rise to a moment's discussion. I hope we
shall take the vote on striking out the sections ;
and then if that should prevail, that is the end
of it; if it should be lost, I propose by a single
vote to adopt these formal amendments and
then go on and finish the bill.
Mr. FOWLER. We have decided this ques-
tion so often that I do not know when we are to
get through with it. The vote has been taken
again and again on the subject, and there is no
end to it apparently. I supposed the Senate
had decided this question long ago; but here it
comes up again in every form at all periods of
time. It seems that it "will not down." It
is like all taxes; when you get the country
accustomed to paying tax, or when the coun-
try commences assessing a particular tax, it is
very hard to get it off. If I thought it were
necessary for the support of the Government
to collect this tax I should not object to it;
but I believe that it is not requisite. In the
first place, we keep all the time on band too
much money in the Treasury. There is no ne-
cessity for a dollar more than is requisite for
paying the interest and the ordinary expenses
of the Government. Instead of that, we keep
on hand $100,000,000 constantly. Besides
that, we have a large excess always. Then
again, the estimates for next year are largely
in advance of the expenditures of last year ;
and if wo would reduce the expenditures of
Government to anything like reasonable bounds
we shall have no demand for this tax.
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise to a point of order.
I trust, if wo are to stay here, that when a Sen-
ator is on the floor addressing the Senate in
proper and respectful terms order will be pre-
served in the Senate Chamber. I have not
been able to hear one word that the Senator
from Tennessee has uttered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee will suspend until order is re-
stored in the Chamber. Senators will resume
their seats.
Mr. FOWLER. I supposed the Chair had
power to keep order in the House. I suppose
that was what he was placed there for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
depends on Senators to preserve order.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee is on the floor.
Mr. FOWLER. I was proceeding to say
