1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1325
that this would be a proper and effectual means
for perpetuating a republican form of govern-
ment in that State, that it is the right of Con-
gress to do so. Why ? Because Congress is
bound to see to it that a republican form of
government is established and maintained in
that State, and they are the proper judges of
the means t.o be employed to execute the power
intrusted to them.
Mr. STEWART. I would like to inquire
of the Senator 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cole
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Michi-
gan yield to the Senator from Nevada?
Sr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire if
when it is acknowledged that the State is doing
all she can, is doing just right to promote
republican government in the management of
her domestic affairs with regard to any par-
ticular branch of those domestic affairs, as, for
instance, regulating its schools, Congress has
any power then to interfere ?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, what a
State may be doing does not and cannot add
to or detract from the quantum of power given
to Congress by the Constitution. The power
remains the same forever ; the duty to exer-
cise it whenever necessary remains forever,
and although Congress may not see lit to inter-
vene in a particular case to correct any sup-
posed evil that may exist in a State, still the
power to do so remains whenever they see fit
to exercise it.
Mr. STEWART. Do I understand the Sena-
tor to contend that the jurisdiction does not
come from the violation, but is inherent in the
Constitution, and that Congress may without
a violation by the State of republican institu-
tions regulate the domestic affairs of such
State?
Mr. HOWARD. I mean to say this : that
here is a great trust conferred upon Congress,
a great power, and the whole people of the
United States have committed this great trust
to the discretion of the Representatives and
Senators of the whole people in order to secure
in every State in the Union a republican form
of government; that the means by which this
great trust shall be administered and carried
out are necessarily committed to the discre-
tion of Congress.
It may be necessary in the course of our
history, Mr. President, to intervene in special
cases with a view to prevent a future danger
in a State threatening a subversion of its repub-
lican government. It may be necessary, on
the other hand, to exert this power immedi-
ately upon an existing state of facts. The
power itself is broad and without limitation,
referring neither for its exercise to the future
nor to the present. It is one of those great
beneficent political trusts which the whole peo-
ple have seen fit to confer upon Congress with
a view to preserve for tliem the principles and
the forms of republican governments in the
States.
I shall therefore, sir, never expect to see the
Supreme Court of the United States, if they
follow the doctrine which has been so longestab-
lished by their best minds, declare this condi-
tion unconstitutional. My doctrine is the old
doctrine, Mr. President, which was adjudged
and recognized half a century ago by the
Supreme Court in some cases to which I might
refer. We have as indorsers of it the immor-
tal name of Marshall and his compeers upon
the bench of the Supreme Court. Let me read
a few words, and then let gentlemen reflect for
a moment whether the criticism they have
lavished upon us so freely is well founded.
Chief Justice Marshall, in the case of McCul-
loch vs. The State of Maryland, uses this lan-
guage :
The sword and the purse, all the external rela-
tions, and no inconsiderable portion of the industry
oi the nation, are intrusted to its Government. It
can never be pretended that tlieso vast powers draw
alter them others of inferior importance merely be-
cause they are inferior. Such mi idea can never be
advanced. But it may, with great reason, be con-
tended that a Government intrusted with such ample
powers, on the due exocution of which tho happiness
and prosperity of the nation po vitally depends,
must also be intrusted with ample means for their
execution. The power being given, it is the interest
of tho nation to facilitate its execution. It can never
be their interest, and canuot be presumed to have
been their intention, to clog and embarrass its exe-
cution by withholding the most appropriate means."
Again:
"If indeed such be the mandate of the Consti-
tution, we haTe only to obey; but that instrument
! does not profess to enumerate tho means by which
tho powers it confers may be executed; nor does
it prohibit the creation of a corporation, if the
existence of such a being be essential to the bene-
i ficial exercise of thoso powers. It is, then, the sub-
ject of fair inquiry how far such means may be em-
i ployed.—Decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
J state*, Curtis, p. 423.
Again:
"The Government which has a right to do an act,
and has imposed on it the duty of performing that
act, must, according to the dictates of reason, be
allowed to select the means ; and those who contend
that it may not select any appropriate means, that
ono particular mode of effecting the object is ex-
1 cepted, takeupon themselves the burden of establish-
ing that exception."
j Again:
' " No sufficient reason is therefore perceived why
it may not pass as incidental to those powers which
are expressly given if it be a direct mode of exe-
cuting them"—
Again:
" To waste time and argument in proving that
without it"—
That is the power to enact all laws that are
necessary and proper to carry into effect the
preceding powers—
"To waste time and argument in proving that
without it Congress might carry its powers into exe-
cution would be not much less idle than to hold a
lighted taper to the sun. As little can it be required
to prove that in tho absence of this clause Congress
would have some choice of means ; that it rni&ht
employ those which, in its judgment, would most
advantageously effect the object to be accomplished."
And that is, Mr. President, the whole extent
of my doctrine. It is that Congress have a
right to employ the means which Congress may
think best adapted to the end.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend
from Michigan whether he does not understand
that by a very recent decision of the Supreme
Court that doctrine has been somewhat over-
turned?
Mr. HOWARD. Well, Mr. President, I
shall not undertake to say what strange anom-
alies may have crept into the jurisprudence of
this country during the last six or eight years.
Indeed, sir, I have very little taste to in-
quire 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely inquired——
Mr. HOWARD. But my honorable friend
will not undertake to say that by any judg-
ment of any court, whether supreme or infe-
rior, these fundamental principles of legal
logic and of jurisprudence, these fundamental
principles of interpreting the Constitution of
the United States laid down by Marshall, have
been set aside by argument. He certainly will
not. They remain, sir, as firm as the Pyrenees.
It is not possible for any person to overturn
them by reasoning or argument.
Now, Mr. President, holding these doc-
trines, I hold that any enactment by Congress
the plain purpose of which is to establish or
to continue, to defend or uphold a republican
form of government in a State is valid and
constitutional, because Congress are bound by
the express terms of the instrument to guar-
anty, that is, to continue for all time, repub-
lican forms of government in the respective
States.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I do not wish
to defer the vote on this question ; but I desire
! to refer somewhat to its history. I wish to
inquire what is the origin of this doctrine of
| State sovereignty or the power of a State to
oppose an act of Congress, although the Con-
| stitution of the United States is the supreme
law of the land, and all laws made in pursuance
thereof are also the supreme law of the land.
I also wish to inquire into the theory on which
we are acting and into the expediency of the
policy which we shall adopt on this occasion.
Our fathers supposed that when the Confed-
eration ceased and the Constitution of the
United States was adopted there had been some
questions settled. The States prior to that time
were united in a league ; the Articles of Con-
federation were a compact according to the
southern doctrine; but weabolished that league
and established a Constitution. There was no
longer a Government of States; it was not
" we, the States," but "we, the people of the
United States," who ordained the Constitu-
tion. Before that the Confederation had been
a Government of States ; but by the wisdom
of our fathers in council a Constitution was
adopted and a Union was formed, and then we
became a nation, and not a mere confedera-
tion of States. Under the old Confederation
the States did have sovereignty ; but this sover-
eignty was abolished by the adoption of the
Constitution of the United States. Such was
the understanding at the time.
Well, sir, for what purpose was the cry of
State rights raised after that ? It was raised
on two occasions. One was with regard to the
tariff. When the General Government pro-
posed to collect customs at the port of Charles-
ton at one period of our history, State authority
rose and asserted its power, and said that it
was the right of the State to decide whether
Congress could pass a law to collect customs
duties. Then there arose great debate. It was
then that not only Mr. Clay and Mr. Webster,
but even General Jackson said there is a Geu-
eral Government, there is a Congress of the
United States, there is a supreme power in this
country, as there must be everywhere, to decide
between conflicting interests and claims. It
was then that General Jackson uttered those
words which have become immortal in history:
"The Union, it must and shall be preserved."
What did he mean bythe Union ? Did he mean
that State authority should be preserved and
maintained? That the decrees and laws of
South Carolina should be the supreme authority
and power of the land? No, sir; hemeantthat
the Constitution, and the laws of the United
States passed in pursuance thereof by Con-
gress, should be the supreme law of the land.
Here was the first conflict after the adoption
of the Constitution, as to this theory of State
rights, on the occasion of resistance to the
laws of Congress, resistance to the collection
of the customs revenue. What was the next
array of the party of State rights? To main-
tain the institution of slavery in the States it
was said that the States must have supreme
authority and power; and Congress itself, in
obedience to the decrees of slavery, passed a
resolution that Congress had no power to inter-
fere with slavery in the States. And yet there
was an express power, as much so as if it had
been included among the enumerated powers
of Congress in the first article, an absolute
power in Congress to guaranty to every State
a republican form of government. This doc-
trine of State rights has been the father of
secession, the father of revolution, the father
of civil war, and now we are to hear upon thia
floor the same doctrine advocated.
In order to show that I have not heretofore
misstated Mr. Webster, and in order that Sen-
ators may derive wisdom from the experience
of one of the greatest statesmen of the coun-
try, I beg leave to read from Mr. Webster.
This is a practical question ; it is a question
of national and State authority ; it is a ques-
tion involving the existence of this country m
all future time; and let me read what Mr.
Webster says upon it in his great debate with
Mr. Hayne:
" If there be no power to settle such questions
independent of either of the States, is not the whol e
Union a rope of sand? Are we not thrown bacs
again precisely upon the old confederation ?
"It is too plain to be argued. Four-and-twenty
interpreters of constitutional law, each with a power
to decide for itself, and none with authority to bind
anybody else, and this constitutional law the only
bond of their Union! What is such a state of things
