1870.
THE CONG SESSIONAL GLOBE.
5101
that I do not believe it is requisite that this tax
should be assessed and collected from the peo-
ple any longer. If the debt is to be paid off
at the rate of one or two hundred million dol-
lars annually, then you may keep on this tax
and all other species of tax; but there is no
necessity for paying off the debt so rapidly.
There is no demand for it at the present time;
no portion of the country wants it done. There
are a certain set of officers and politicians here
who want to make a good deal of political cap-
ital out of the fact that they are paying off the
debt rapidly. That is one of the motives.
There is another element forgotten altogether
in their calculations, and that is that each year
brings with it a greater amount than the pre-
ceding year. We are but recovering from the
depredations of war that affected the resources
of the North and almost swept out of existence
those of the South. Of course, as they are
recovering in the southern country, larger
amounts of revenue will be collected there each
year, and it will be the same in the northern
States. Thus our expectations should be largely
advanced in reference to the amount that will
come into the Treasury from the increase of
business annually.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind the Senator from Tennessee that
the time limited for debate by him has expired.
Mr. FOWLER. My time was taken up by
discussion generally all over the House.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to make a
motion, in order to ascertain the sense of the
Senate as to whether it shall sit and transact
business on Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish this bill passed
to-night, and I hope, therefore, that the Sen-
ator will postpone that. To-morrow we shall
have plenty of time to settle that question.
Mr. DRAKE. The House of Representa-
tives has resolved not to sit on Monday, and it
would be an accommodation to us to know
to-night whether we shall sit; but if gentle-
men will not allow the question to be put of
course I cannot make the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to strike out all that
relates to the income tax.
Mr. CASSERLY. Nearly ten days ago this
Senate, after a full discussion, by a vote which
must be supposed to have been deliberate,
repealed the income tax; and now, to-night,
after all that has taken place, and after this vast
consumption of time in the last month of the
session as fixed, the Senate has reversed its
decision. I need not say how much, in_ my
judgment,, this will disappoint the expectations
of the country. I might be accused of a par-
tisan motive if I were to say that. _ The Sen-
ator from Vermont who spoke awhile ago did
in terms withhold such an imputation ; but I
think it was difficult to imagine any other con-
clusion from his remarks. I beg that Senator
to remember that it is scarcely a party question
whether there shall be an income tax or not.
With my ideas of the extremely odious and
insufferable nature of the tax in its operation
could I find it consistent with my duty to my
State and to the people of the country I should
be very glad to have abstained from voting
against that tax and let the majority in this
Chamber take the responsibility of carrying it
for another year, or two, or three, as best it can.
But, sir, if in any case the minority, to which
1 belong here, should be accused of partisan
motive, it probably would be upon strictly
party questions ; yet I beg to remind the Sen-
ator from Vermont that during this session
we have had the honor of having him vote
with us, even on questions of that character,
fully as often as he has voted with the large
body of his Republican friends.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's par-
don. The reverse is exactly true. My friend
from California has voted with me, and I am
very glad to have him.
Mr. CASSERLY. Precisely. I preferred
to compliment the Senator by saying that we
had the honor of having him vote with us ;
and as I vote before the Senator from Ver-
mont, being higher up on the roll, whenever
he votes as I do I think I have the honor of
having him with me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But you said " us."
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator proclaimed
to us all here in a chivalric spirit that the Sen-
ator from Vermont was willing and determined
to stand by the income tax. Why should he
not ? In the year 1868, the last year for which
we have any comparative figures, the State of
California, with a population of three hundred
and eighty thousand, bythecensusoflSOO, paid
over two million dollars income tax ; and the
State which the Senator from Vermont serves
with such distinguished ability in the same year,
with a population of three hundred and fifteen
thousand, by the census of 1860, paid, how
much do you think, Mr. President, of income
tax ? Less than one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, may I ask the Sen-
ator a question just there? I should be very
glad-
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to correct
the Senator from California on a matter of fact.
I have not the report of the collector of the
income tax in California before me, but it was
only a little over a million. I have had the
official figures.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator is in error
himself and his report is in error. The figures
which I have stated are correct, because I
remembered them well at the time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is the official report
of the internal revenue.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course under those
circumstances the State of Vermont may be
very willing to continue the income tax. I
have observed that we never have any objec-
tion to the taxes which are paid by other peo-
ple. California has been paying more than her
share of tax for some years, and hence she
has been paying the tax of other States rather
than her just proportion. I suppose this sud-
den change in the Senate has been produced
by the alarm sounded by the Senator from Ohio
as chairman of the Finance Committee, that
without the tax on gross receipts or the income
tax the Government could not be carried on.
With all respect to that Senator, I must be per-
mitted entirely to doubt the accuracy of that
statement. There are other taxes-in the list
which were not objectionable, which, accord-
ing to my convictions, he could well'have con-
tinued. He has not continued them. But at
all events, why is it not better to reduce the
expenses of the Government rather than to
continue the burdens of taxation? They have
not been reduced. The appropriations are
extravagant as compared with former appro-
priations. I know it will be said that there is
a diminution of $8,000,000 on the whole, but
it must be remembered that the money in which
you pay these appropriations has grown fifteen
per cent, or a considerable per cent, in value
since last year, more than the gain which is
asserted to have been made. I leave the coun-
try to judge between the policy of the Senator
on this subject and that of those of us who
have voted against it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the permission of
the Senate I should like two or three minutes
to reply to my friend from California. [■' Go
on!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont will proceed if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. FOWLER. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have I any time at all
left?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The precise
form of the question now is changed .since the
amendment was made, and the Chair thinks
the Senator has not spoken upon this precise
form of the question, but he has spoken on
the general question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I observed that the Chair
had permitted others to do it, though I did not
think at the moment of the distinction. I am
obliged to the Chair for his courtesy, and to
my friend from Tennessee particularly, who
has spoken about half a.dozen times on this
question. [Laughter.]
Mr. FOWLER. That is a very great mis-
take.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, my friend
from California does great injustice to himself
as well as the State of Vermont in making such
a statement as he does. In the first place, he
cannot be ignorant of the fact that the accu-
mulated wealth of California far exceeds that
of Vermont; and this isa tax upon the produet
of wealth as well as upon the product of indus-
try. In the second place, because he is a man
of information, he is not ignorant of the fact
that property in the State of Vermont is very
equally distributed among its inhabitants. No-
body is rich, and I am proud to say very few
people are decidedly poor. The income tax laws
of course do not bear upon people of small
means, but in a State like California, where
property is accumulated in a few hands in enor-
mous estates, to the inj.ury of the public wel-
fare, I mmst say, to the control of politics, to
the corruption of public institutions in a larger
or smaller degree, (regretted I have no doubt
by my friend as much as by myself,) it is
entirely different.
In the next place, California from her admis-
sion into the Union has been the constant
baby and recipient of the favors of the United
States—land grants, subsidies to steamboats ;
everything that generosity of the most lavish
description could pour into her lap we have
poured, and she has availed herself of it, and
I am glad that she has; I am not complaining of
her. She has received these enormous advan-
tages counted by tens, and I think I may safely
say by fifties of millions, from the Treasury of
the General Government, to which in a greater
or less degree Vermont lias contributed, cer-
tainly according to her share, and she there-
fore is able to bear an income tax on her
capital.
In the next place, let me remind my friend—
because I do not wish to trespass on the Sen-
ate—that he misrepresents my attitude. I
have not defended the income tax; I have
been opposed to it as an evil that ought to be
redressed; but in a.choice between evils—be-
cause all taxation is an evil, greater or less—
I preferred to continue the tax upon railway
companies and monopolies and theaters, and
to get rid of this tax upon industry and income.
My friend joined me half way, and when he
had got out his clients—I beg his pardon; I
used that word inadvertently; I meant his con-
stituents ; I thought I was in court—when he
got out his constituents from under the harrow
of the income tax, then his next duty was to
the railway companies with which California
is studded ; and so he votes against continuing
the tax upon gross receipts, and they are
relieved- 
Mr. CASSERLY. It happens that I voted
the other way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad to hear
it. I apologize to my friend. I wish he could
have so voted twice, if he were allowed to do
it constitutionally. I am very glad indeed to
hear it. But there is nothing in the attitude
of the State of Vermont or of her representa-
tive which is inconsistent with what I have
said.
In the next place my friend is mistaken as to
the matter of fact. I have the official report
in my hand which shows that the total receipts
from income in California were $1,299,141 69,
and the total receipts from Vermont were
§119,903 29.
Mr. CASSERLY. I spoke of 1868.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have said all that I wish
to say.
Mr. CASSERLY". I desire to make one
remark. The Senator from Vermont made a
