1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
to simultaneously enter into negotiations, and .
to conclude with the United States conven-
tions identical in form, making uniform reg- !
ulations as to the construction of the parts of |
vessels to be .devoted to the use of emigrant j
passengers; as to the quality and quantity of >
food; asto the medical treatment of the sick, j
and as to the rules to be observed during the voy- |
age in order to secure ventilation, to promote
health, to prevent intrusion, and to protect the
females, and providing for the establishment
of tribunals in the several countries for enforc-
ing such regulations by summary process.
Your attention is respectfully called to the
law regulating the tariff on Russian hemp, and
to the question whether to fix the charges on
Russian hemp higher than thoy are fixed upon
Manilla is not a violation of our treaty with
Russia, placing her products upon the same
footing with those of the most favored nations.
Our manufactures are increasing with won-
derful rapidity under the encouragement which
they now receive. With the improvements in
machinery already effected and still increasing,
causing machinery to take the place of skilled
labor to a large extent, our imports of many
articles must fall off largely within a very few
years. Fortunately, too, manufactures are not
confined to a few localities as formerly, and
it is to be hoped will become more and more
diffused, making the interest in tliom equal in
all sections. They give employment and sup-
port to hundreds of thousands of people at
home, and retain with us the means which
otherwise would be shipped abroad. The ex-
tension of railroads in Europe and the East is
bringing into competition with our agricul-
tural products like products of other countries.
Self-interest, if not self-preservation, there-
fore dictates caution against disturbing any in-
dustrial interest of the country. It teaches us
also theuecessity oflooking to other markets for
the sale of our surplus. Ourneighbors south of
us, and China and Japan, should reccivc our
special attention. It will be the endeavor of
the Administration to cultivate such relations
with all these nations as to entitle us to their
confidence, and make it their interest, as well
as ours,to establish better commercial relations.
Through the agency of a more enlightened
policy than that heretofore pursued towards
China, largely duo to the sagacity and efforts
of one of our own distinguished citizens, the
world is about to commence largely increased
relations with that populousand hitherto exclu-
sive nation. As the United States have been
the initiators in this new policy so they should
be the most earnest in showing their good
faith in making it a success. In this connection
I advise suchlegislationaswillforever preclude
the enslavement of the Chinese upon our soil
under the name of coolies, and also prevent
American vessels from engaging in the trans-
portation of coolies to any country tolerating
the system. I also recommend that the mission
to China be raised to one of the first class.
On my assuming the responsible duties ot
Chief Magistrate of the United States it was
with the conviction that three things were
essential to its peace, prosperity, and fullest
development. .
First among these is strict integrity in ful-
filling all our obligations. Second, to seeure
protection to the person and property of the
citizen of the United States in each and every
portion of our common country wherever he
may choose to move, without reference to
original nationality, religion, color, or poli-
tics, demanding of him only obedience to the
laws and proper respect for the rights ot
others Third, union of all the States, with
equal rights, indestructible by any eonstitu-
tiomtl means* ,
To secure the first of these Congress has
taken two essential steps; first, in declaring,
by ioint resolution, that the public debt shall
be paid, principal and interest, in coin ; and
second, by providing the means for paying.
Providing the means, however, could not secure
the object desired, without a proper adminis-
tration of the laws for the collection of the
revenues aud an, economical disbursement of
them. To this subject the Administration has
most earnestly addressed itself, with results I
hope satisfactory to the country. There has
been no hesitation in changing officials in order
to secure an efficient execution of the laws,
sometimes, too, where in a mere party view
undesirable political results were likely to fol-
low, nor any hesitation in sustaining efficient
officials against remonstrances wholly political.
It may be well to mention here the embar-
rassment possible to arise from leaving on the
statute-books the so-called " tenure-of-office
'acts," and to earnestly recommend their total
repeal. It could not have been the intention
of the framers of the Constitution, when pro-
viding that appointments made by the Presi-
dent should receive the consent of the Senate,
that the latter should have the power to retain
in office persons placed there by Federal ap-
pointment against the will of the President.
The law is inconsistent with a faithful and effi-
cient administration of the Govern ment.. "What
faith can an Executive put in officials forced
upon him, and those, too, whom he has sus-
pended for reason? How will such officials be
likely to serve an Administration which they
know does not trust them?
For the second requisite to our growth and
prosperity time and a firm but humane admin-
istration of existing laws—amended from time
to time as they may prove ineffective or prove
harsh and unnecessary—are probably all that
are required.
| The third cannot be attained by special
I legislation, but must be regarded as fixed by
! the Constitution itself, and gradually acquiesced
; in by force of public opinion.
From the foundation of the Government to
the present the management of the original
inhabitants of this continent, the Indians, has
been a subject of embarrassment and expense,
and has been attended with continuous rob-
beries, murders, and wars. From my own
experience upon the frontiers and in Indian
countries I do not hold either legislation or
j the conduct of the whites who come most in
contact with the Indians blameless for these
! hostilities. Tho past, however, cannot bo
! undone, and tho question must be met as we
! now find it.
j 1 have attempted a new policy toward these
j wards of the nation—they cannot be regarded
in any other light than as wards—with fair re-
sults so far as tried, and which I hope will be
! attended ultimately with great success. The
Society of Friends is well known as having
succeeded in living in peace with the In-
I dians in the early settlement of Pennsylva-
nia, while their white neighbors of other sects
I in other sections were constantly embroiled.
They are also known for their opposition
1 to all strife, violonee, and war, and are gen-
erally noted for their strict integrity and fair
: dealings. These considerations induced me to
< give the management of a few reservations
,i of Indians to tliem, and to throw the bur-
ji den of selection of agents upon the society
itself. The result lias proven most satisfac-
i tory. It will be found more fully set forth
j in the report of the Commissioner of Indian
i Affairs. For superintendents and Indian agents
not on the reservations officers of the Array
were selected. The reasons for this are
numerous. Where Indian agents are sent there
or near there troops must be sent also. The
agent and tho commander of troops are in-
dependent of each other, and are subject to
orders from different departments of the Gov-
ernment. The Army officer holds a position
for life; the agent one at the will of the Presi-
dent. The former is personally interested in
living in harmony with the Indian, and in
establishing a permanent peace to the end that
some portion of his life may be spent within the
limits of civilized society. The latter has no
such personal interest. Another reason is an
economic one; and still another, the hold
which the Government has upon a life officer
to secure a faithful discharge of duties in car-
rying out a given policy.
The building of railroads, and the access
thereby given to all the agricultural and min-
eral regions of the. country, is rapidly bringing
civilized settlements into contact with all the
tribes of Indians. No matter what ought to be
the relations between such settlements and the
aborigines, the fact is they do not harmonize
well, and one or the other has to give way in
the end. A system which looks to the extinc-
tion of a race is too horrible for a nation to
adopt without entailing upon itself the wrath
of all Christendom, and eagendering in the cit-
izen a disregard for human life and the rights
of others dangerous to society. I see no sub-
stitute for such a system except in placing all
the Indians on large reservations as rapidly as
it can be done, and giving them absolute ^pro-
tection there. As soon as they are fitted for it
they should be induced to take their lands in
severalty and to set up territorial governments
for their own protection. For full details on
this subject I call your special attention to the
reports of the Secretary of the Interior and
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
The report of the Secretary of War shows
the expenditures of the War Department for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1860, to be
$80,044,0-12, of which $23,882,310 was dis-
bursed iu the payment of debts contracted dur-
ing the war, and is not chargeable to current
Army expenses. His estimate of $34,531,031
for the expenses of the Army for the next fis-
cal year is as low as it is believed can be relied
on. The estimates of bureau Officers have
been carefully scrutinized and reduced where
ever it has been deemed practicable. If, how-
ever, the condition of the country should be
such by the beginning of the next fiscal year
as to admit of a greater concentration of
troops, the appropriation asked for will not be
expended.
j The appropriations estimated for for river
' and harbor improvements and for fortifications
i are submitted separately. Whatever amoun
; Congress may deem proper to appropriate for
I these purposes will be expended.
!j The recommendation of the General of the
i Army that appropriations be made for the forts
at Boston, Portlaud, New York, Philadelphia,
New Orleans, and Sau Francisco, if for no
| other, is concurred in. I also ask your special
| atteution to the recommendation of the gen-
| oral commanding the military division of the
j Pacific, for the sale of the seal islands of St.
j Paul and St. George, Alaska territory, and
suggest that it either be complied with or that
legislation be had for the protection of the seal
fisheries, from which a revenue should be
derived.
The report of the Secretary of War contains
,'j a synopsisof the reports of the heads of bureaus.
I of the commanders of military divisions, and
j[ of the districts of Virginia, Mississippi, and
| Texas, and the report of the General of the
! Army in full. Tho recommendations therein
contained have been well considered and are
submitted for your action. I however call special
attention to the recommendation of the chief
of ordnance for the sale of arsenals and lands
no longer of use to the Government. Also to
the recommendation of the Secretary of War,
; that the act of the 3d of March, 1869, prohib-
| iting promotions and appointments in the staff
corps of the Army be repealed. The extent of
country to be garrisoned and the number of
military posts to be occupied is the same with
| a reduced army as with a large one. The
| number of staff officers required is more de-
| pendent upon the latter than the former con.-
I dition.
The report of the Secretary of the Navy,
accompanying this, shows the condition o.f
the Navy when this Administration came into
office and the changes made since. Stren-
uous efforts have been made to place as many
