1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
41st Gong. ... 2d Sess.
Land Monopoly—Mr. Holrnan,
Ho. of Keps.
pressure upon the House for the last week
to go to the business upon the Speaker's table,
for the purpose of taking up these bills, has
been persistent and almost overwhelming.
What do these modest gentlemen care for the
great public measures which are demanding
the attention of Congress? Tliey do not wish
to be delayed. To them Congress is but the
agency for promoting private fortunes. I know
that no better service can be rendered the peo-
ple of tliits country at this hour than to arrest
the startling rapidity with which these bills are
passed—bills either depleting the Treasury or
exhausting the rightful patrimony of the poor
and the landless.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Excuse me; not now.
Mr. Speaker, I recur again, sir, to the ques-
tion, what is to be our future policy in refer-
ence to the public lands? If the'records of this
House utter the truth the question is not open
for debate. On the 21st day of last March a
resolution was adopted by this House in full
session which ought to be conclusive and final.
I ask the Clerk to read the resolution from the
Journals of this House.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. lioLMAS submitted the following resolution,
on which he demanded the previous question:
" Resolved, That in the judgment of thislltjuse the
policy of Brantinfr subsidies in public lands to rail-
road and other corporations ought to bo discontinued;
,md that every consideration of public policy and
equal justice to the whole peoplo requires lliat the
public lands of the United States should bo held for
the exclusive purpose of securing homesteads_ to
actual settlers under the homcotead and preemption
laws, subject to reasonable appropriations of such
lands for the purposes of education.
" The previous question was seconded and the main
question ordered; anrl under the operation thereof
the resolution was agreed to.
"Mr. Holsiax moved to reconsider the vote by
which tho resolution was adopted ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidcr be laid on the table.
"The latter motion was agreed to..'
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, it was only
on the 21st day of March last that this reso-
lution was adopted by this House and spread
upon its records. Is it possible that the House
of llepresentatives, after this deliberate expres-
sion of its judgment on a question of great pub-
lic concern, will yield to combinations formed
to seize upon the public lands? Is it possible
that this House, yielding to the arrogant
demands of the lobbies, will go back on that
record and grant to private parties for private
gain millions of acres of the public laud? If
it does, the act will be without precedent in
our history. Each House has disregarded the
deliberate expression of its predecessor ; but
certainly no House of llepresentatives has ever
gone back of its own record on a question of
public policy well considered and without
change in its public relations. Will this House
at the solicitation of interested parties, who
unblushingly seek to pervert public property
to their own private use, reverse its record?
The benefit of railroads to the country does
not properly enter into the question of these
grants. When the commerce and business of
any section of country require means for trans-
portation capital seeks investment in the con-
struction of railroads, and the parties who
invest reap the profits on their ov/n invest-
ment. But the question is, will you create and
perpetuate a vast system of land monopoly—
the greatest evil that can curse a country—on
on the single argument that such a monopoly
will more rapidly develop the resources of the
land ? This, sir, at the very best, would be to
j.ubordinate the solid interests of society and
labor and free government, to all of which
laud monopoly is the deadly enemy, to the
promotion of wealth—the wealth of the mo-
nopolists. There cannot be a particle of doubt
that whilo the development of a region of
country, as yet unsettled, by ordinary emigra-
tion and settlement, where each adventurous
pioneer settles upon his homestead on an equal
footing with his neighbor, may be slower than
under a system of railroad land monopoly, that
a healthier, more vigorous, and more substan-
tial population will spring up, more self-reliant
and independent, and infinitely more certain to
carry forward the spirit of our free institutions.
Under the one system each tract of land is occu-
pied by its own free and independent owner,
a free citizen ; under the other, vast domains,
princely estates of the grasping monopolist,
made productive to the lordly proprietor by
the labor of the tenant.
No greater misfortune can befall us than a
population built up on monopolies and the
ownership of large bodies of laud by a few cit-
izens in tracts greatly disproportionate to tho
ownership of the soil by the great body of our
people. There can be no doubt about our policy
here. Shall America, the last and only hope
of free government upon God's green earth,
in the mad zeal for amassing wealth, imitate the
feudalism by which Europe has been crushed
for fifteen centuries, which in the monopoly of
the lands has built up the stately palace to
frown down on millions of huts, the ubodesof
misery and poverty? In Europe organized
power and the ruthless sword were the agents
of monopoly, seizing upon lordly possessions
and reducing countless thousands to the hope-
less condition of the tenant.; but here, sir,
organized craft, effrontery, and fraud aie the
less honorable weapons which would seize
upon and monopolize the virgin soil. The
common safety was tho specious argument of
the old monopolists; the speedy development
ol' countless wealth is tho delusive argument
of the new.
The one was not more fatal than the other
to the existence of free government. All his-
tory is a cheat if the general ownership of the
soil by the people is not indispensable to the
perpetuation of free institutions. Whatever
policy tends to a monopoly oflands is tho pol-
icy of the monarchist. Yet the lauds which
should be the homesteads of independent, citi-
zens are to be appropriated by Congress to the
extent of millions ol acres to individual parties,
driving in the early future the landless to Use
towns and villages and cities or to the fields
of the tenant for shelter l'or his wife and chil-
dren, while the genius of a true republic would
open up to him the free prairies and woodlands,
to build up by his labor a prosperous home for
himself and his household and a strong citadel
of liberty for his country; a fortress against
oppression and wrong 
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. HOLMAN. In a moment.
Mr. SAltGENT. 1 hope tho gentleman
does not propose to take up the whole time,
as he did before, and allow no one else to bo
heard.
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir, I do not. Mr.
Speaker, it was just as truthfully argued in
Europe that necessity and public policy required
the parceling out of the lands among the great
lords, who again should divide them up in tenan-
cies among their followers, as it is that it is neces-
sary and politic to settle these fertile regions
ol the West by a grand system of monopoly to
secure facilities for settlement. Are notthe.-'e
lands in a legitimate way being appropriated
rapidly enough? Will not the teeming multi-
tude, half a million a year, soon enough advan-
tageously and substantially settle up these public
lands? Will not each section of ianu so settled
become a strong power for freedom against the
insidious advances of centralized power? De-
population, increasing as it is at the rate of a mil-
lion ayear, will settle up these lands fast enough.
Railroads will then bo built by those who will
be profited by them, and not by adventurers
and speculators ; not by rapacious and ruth-
less monopolists coming from their elegant pal-
aces in our commercial cities to these Halls,
forming lobbies, organizing corporations, and
getting enormous grants of lands, not for any'
purpose of public advantage, not for the open-
ing up of channels for trade and commerce,
but for the purpose of personal aggrandize-
ment and to increase their already overgrown
fortunes. _ If any benefit accrues to the country
it is only incidental and not the real purpose
for which the grants are obtained.
This evil has been growing up with fearful
rapidity for the last ten years, until it has at-
tained a startling magnitude. You have granted
for the purpose of education in all your States
and Territories from the beginning of your his-
tory 67.983,911 acres to the public schools,
1,032,880 acres for universities, 9,510,000 acres
for agricultural colleges—in all 78,576,794 acres
of the public lands for the purposes of educa-
tion. In three quarters of a century you have
thus dedicated 78,570,794 acres of land for the
sacred purpose of education. And on the
other hand you have granted in less than twenty
years 185,890,794 acres to monopolists to build
up tho fortunes of men crafty enough and un-
scrupulous enough to seize upon the public
lands as a source of speculation and profit.
And let gentlemen observe this fact, that of
those 185,890,794 acres, over 100,000,000 have
been granted to corporations within the last
ten years, and prior to 1800 you made no grants
to coipurations but to States, as in the caseof
the giant to Illinois, to construct tho Illinois
Central railroad, a grant of less than 8,000,000
acrcs, and which that State made largely tribu-
tary to her noble system <ef free schools ; but
now the grants are exclusively to irresponsible
corporations. Yet even the grant to Illinois
built up a great railroad, which has actually
become 1 he exclusive property of English cap-
italists, to whom has inured the benefit of
that princely donation now pouring a golden
stream into their aristocratic treasuries, and
yet how trivial is that grant iu comparison with
the estates you are now granting—47,000,000
acres to a single company, the Northern Pacific
itailroad Company, eastern gentlemen, with its
president a citizen of the State of Connecticut.
Forty-seven million acres 1—an imperial posses-
sion, twice as large as the great State of In-
diana ; yes, sir; twice as large and 5,000,000
acres more.
Our population, as I have said, is increasing
at the rate of one million a year, and more than
100,000,000 acres of the public lauds have been
given away to corporations in the short period
of ten years. I ask, sir, how long will it be
before there will not bo left an acre of earth
between the Mississippi and the golden sands
of the Pacific on which the laboring citizen may
rest to establish for himself a home? How long
will it, be ? Ten years hence, under this policy,
with the increased force which this system of
speculation has from year to year obtained,
there will not be an acre of land left which will
not have passed into the hands of the monop-
olist, and held at prices beyond the reach of
the laboring man. The object of your home-
stead laws, the crowning glory of this genera-
tion, will have been defeated, and your benefi-
cent preemption laws, the noblest enactments
of the last generation, which have built up so
many happy and prosperous homes, will fall
lifeless under the ruthless heel of the monop-
olism
Mr. Speaker, how rapidly are our public
lands being appropriated in the ordinary and
legitimate way! Two million seven hundred
and thirty-seven thousand three hundred and
sixty-five acres of our lands have been taken up
during the past year for homesteads under the
homestead law, and 2,899,544 acres were sold
lor cash and taken up with bounty-land scrip;
and o52,G0i acres were taken up with college
scrip ; in all, 5,989,574 acres in a single year.
Thus, by ordinary and legitimate agencies of
