1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2269
offered from the Committee on the Judiciary
or from any other source, vote upon it, and
then proceed to the next order of business.
That, it seems to me, is the natural course—
the coursc I hope and desire and wish and beg
the Senate to pursue, without wasting so much
valuable timefrom day to day eitherin a struggle
over the order of business or in what seems to
me to be an unnecessarily prolonged debate.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President  
Mr. POMEROY. As this matter is going
to bo discussed, if it is the desire of the major-
ity of the Senate to reach the Texas bill, the
only practicable way is to move to pass over
the pending order and then to move to take up
the resolution discharging the Judiciary Com-
mittee. A motion to pass over the pending
question cannot be debated.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend from No-
bra ka will allow me I will submit that motion.
Tho Senator from Kansas drew the new rule ;
I am not familiar with it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator can move to
pass over this question, and then move to take
up his resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make that motion.
The YiCE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
Ijo compelled to hold, if the pending order was
passed over without passing over other order,-;,
that the next business would be the Georgia
bill, that being the next special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to settle this
matter by one vote.
Mr. POMEROY'. It can be disposed of by
a majority vote. It is in the power of the
majority, after this is passed over, to take
up what they please. We may dispose of the
special order by a majority vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, let us lake the
vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tim Senator
from Nebraska is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to make a sugges-
tion which perhaps may have some influence.
I concur fully in what the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. SllEKJiAiV] has said, and I have risen to
make a suggestion to my Republican associates
in the Chamber. It is that if we take up the
Texas bill we concede the time to the Demo-
cratic Senators, if they are disposed to use it,
in discussing that bill. Let them have all the
time and let the vote be taken to-night or to-
morrow at throe o:clock. In this way we can
dispatch business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know, Mr.
President, by what authority the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. SimntAX] assumes to speak for a
majority of this Senate 
Mr. SHERMAN. i)y the votes that have
been taken.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Or by what authority
lie speaks of my obstructing the wishes of a
majority of this Senate. There has been no
vote taken indicating that a majority of the
Senate wish to discharge the Committee on the
Judiciary from a subject that is properly before
it, and which that committee is considering.
And, sir, since I have had the honor to hold a
seat in this body I have never known so gross
an act of discourtesy toward any committee
of the Senate as that perpetrated by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. Yesterday the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Drake] propounded a question
to me as chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
to which I responded as follows:
"I have certainly no objection to replying to any
inquiry the Senator from Missouri may see fit to make
as to thoaetion ot the Committee on the .Judiciary
so far as I am able to do so. He seems lo be uneasy
that
Test
the Texns'bill has "been before tho committee. There
is the Georgia question, which is pending and has
not yet been disposed of; that has preoedencoof any
other State m the proceedings of the Sennte; and
we have been occupied, as the Senator well knows,
in executive session, so that there has been no oppor-
tunity to have considered the Texas bill if it were
reuoi'tud to the Senate. Then there if the question
of privilege. winch lias set aside the 0-eorgia ques-
tion and other business. The haste that is nnim-
iested in regard to Texas I eamiotuudersUnd. When
the bill first came from tho House an effort was made
on the part of tho Senator from Massachusetts to
havo it considered without any reference at all, but
he finally consented, or rather the Senate did refer
"Mr. Scasrr.. I withdrew my proposition.
"Mr. Trumbull. The Senator objected to its
being referred, but ho withdrew that objection after
some consideration. The bill was evidently hastily
passed by tho House of Representatives. It con-
tains a clause 'that this act shall not affect in any
manner the conditions and guarantees upon which
the State of Texas was annexed and admitted as a
Stateand one of those ' conditions and guarantees'
upon which Texas was annexed."
Then I read ono of the conditions, which
provided that all States formed south of 36° GO'
north latitude might be admitted as slave States
into tho Union if tho people so desired, and
proceeded;
"Thsbill as it passed tho House of Representa-
tives provides, eontiary to the Constitution of the
United States, for admitting slave States in Texas if
the people desire it. I do not presumo tho Senator
from Missouri or the Senator from Massachusetts
would vote for such a bill a? that; and yet there was
ccreat haste to havo it p.nssed tho moment it came
here, and opposition made to its being referred at all
to have anv examination made.
"Then there are ckiuscs in tho constitution of
Texas which lorfeitlands, and there aresevcral pro-
visions of the constitution which the Committee on
tho Judiciary, if its opinion should bo considered
worth nnylhins on the subject, think that there
ought to bo some provision in regard to. The
matter has been considered in tho committee; tho
committoo was not full at its last meeting, and I
presume tho committee will report as soon as it is
supposed the Senate is in a condition to consider tho
subjeeL
" X huvc made this statement out of deference to
the Senator from Missouri."
After I had made that statement lo the
Senate, that the committee was considering
this subject; that there were some provisions
of tho constitution of Texas which, in its
opinion, should be guarded; that as the bill
passed tho House of Representatives it neces-
sarily needed to bo amended ; and had assured
the Senate that the committee would report
upon the bill us soon as it was supposed_ it
could be acted on, the Senator from Ohio,
with that statement before him, rose in his
place and moved to discharge the committee
from the consideration of the Texas bill.
iS'ow, sir, it is known to the majority of this
body that on last Wednesday a large portion
ot the Senate was in conference, and that broke
up the committee on that day, though the sub-
ject of Texas was partially considered at that
time. The regular day on which the Com-
mittee on tlie Judiciary meets is Wednesday,
which is to-morrow. We frequently have other
meetings besides that on the regular day, and
I think those who have noticed the business
sent to that committee cannot but have observed
that it has, however imperfectly it may have
done its work, endeavored to bring the busi-
ness before the Senate as early as action could
be obtained upon it. There are now upon tho
Calendar very many bills reported by the Ju-
diciary Committee, which have had the most
careful consideration, and which 1 have desired
lime and time again to get considered. There
is the bill to enforce the fourteenth amendment.
1 have tried to have it considered ; I reported
it, long ago. There is a bill amendatory of the
civil-rights bill that we have reported, and there
I are several other bilis. Then we have the Geor-
gia bill. The Senator from Ohio is no more
anxious to consider these bills than 1 am. No
man in the Senate is more anxious for the early
admission of these States than I am; but the
Senator from Ohio undertakes to determine tho
order in which the Judiciary Committee shall
discharge its business, and comes in here and
assumes to talk for a majority of the Senate.
Has he counted the Senate ? Has the Senator
from Ohio been round, as iu a town meeting,
counting the Senate to see that a majority will
vote with him V Perhaps they will.
I do not know how the Senate will vote;
but I say it is an assumption on the part of
the Senator from Ohio to assume in advance
that they will.xote to discharge the Committee
on the Judicial And if the committee were
diseharged^jgljave not inquired of the Presid-
ing Officer, I do not know whether that would
bring the hill before the Senate for action, or
whether it would stand in the same manner
then as if reported from the committee and
have-to go over a day. I havo made no in-
quiry in regard to it. But the Senator from
Ohio undertakes to move to pass over all busi-
ness for the purpose of considering what? For
the purpose of considering the Texas bill, which
is not before the Senate at all, and no motion
is in order to consider the Texas bill until the
committee is discharged and the bill is brought
into the Senate.
Now, sir, I do not think' we gain anything
in point of time by such a course as this. In
my judgment we should have done better when
we were considering the Georgia case to have
sat it out and disposed of it. But then after
tho Senate decided to lay that aside and take
up the Ames case I would havo disposed of
that. That being laid aside tho Senator from
Massachusetts insisted that we should go into
executive session. Now wo come out of ex-
ecutive session ; that is given up ; and it is
proposed to lay aside both the Georgia case
and the Ames case and jump over and take up
the Texas case, and the Senator from Ohio
says it is in order to have the fifteenth amend-
ment promulgated !
If the Senator from Ohio and those with
whom he is acting—for he undertakes to say
that he represents a majority of the body—had
stood by me we should have had the procla
raation of the Secretary of State announcing
tho ratification of the fifteenth amendment
days ago. Let not the Senate be misled by
the statements of the Senator from Ohio. How
can Texas pass any quicker, let me ask, than
Georgia? Are not the same conditions upon
Texas? Why, Mr. President, see how anxious
I have been, how solicitous has the Judiciary
Committee been. When these bills came to
us with conditions upon them, in the first in-
stance a majority of the committee were op-
posed to conditions at all, and we recommended
that the conditions be stricken out. The Senate,
when it was not full, decided against striking
them out. That was on the Virginia bill. Then,
when the Mississippi bill came with the con-
ditions, the committee again presented the mat-
ter to the Senate, and the Senate decided to
adhere to the conditions. Then what did the
committee do?
1 have not changed my opinion about the
conditions. I believe that they were impxop-
erly placed on those bills ; I believe they are
improperly placed onTexas ; but what did the
committee do, and what did I do ? We brought
the Georgia bill back here just as it passed the
House of Representatives, with the conditions
upon it, not because they met my approba-
tion, not because the committee were in favor
of those conditions; but tho committee being
the creature of the Senate, when the Senate
decided, afterthequestionhad been presented
a second time to its consideration, that it would
adhere to the conditions, you find your com-
mittee acquiescing in what is done, taking up
no time. I have not occupied an hour upon
tho Georgia bill. I sat here day after day try-
ing to get a vote on it. YvThen tho bill was
brought in from tho committee, I occupied the
attention of the Senate possibly a;i ^ hour, I
hardly think that long, in stating the character
of the bill as clearly as I could and the his-
tory of the case, since when I have occupied
no time upon it, and was willing to let it pass
as it came to us, not because I favored the
conditions, for I was opposed to them ; I
now ; the committee is; but we did not pro-
pose to agitate the Senate and taice up t me
with them, and then when we brought m a
bill with conditions upon it we were taunted
in the Senate with having abandoned our posi-
tion.
Now, sir, I have not abandoned my position
at all. I hayc acquiesced m what seemed to
be the decision of the Senate oa that subject,
as I always acquiesce; and if alter having
