312
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 29,
Ho. oe Reps.
Land Monopoly—Mr. Holman.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
purchase and settlement, a section of country
more than one fourth as large as Indiana has
been legitimately appropriated by your citizens
in a single year. With your rapidly increasing
population, even now reaching a million a year,
how soon will the public lands be converted
into homesteads, even if every acre is held in
sacred trust for the actual settler I I think, sir,
it is impossible to imagine a more fatal policy
than these corporation grants. To make these
great grants under the pretense of opening up
the country is an insult to the intelligence of
mankind when the effect of that policy is so
clearly seen as inevitably tending to place your
lands in the hands of a few and reducing the
great body of the people, as in Europe, to the
condition of tenants.
I may be met with the statement that there
is a proviso in this bill which limits the price
of lands to actual settlers to' $2 50 an acre.
Bat what does such a limitation amount to?
Why, but a year ago yoa passed a law extend-
ing the time for the construction of the Little
Rock and Fort Smith railroad, and you made
the same limitation in that law. Relying on
that limitation, multitudes of citizens entered
upon the lands of that company. Yet a year
did not elapse before you repealed that limit-
ation, leaving the corporation to demand its
own price. When a grant has once been made
you have never been able to resist further
exactions from the corporation, however mon-
strous. The vast empire of lands granted the
Union Pacific road arc now in the market,
and advertised at from three to ten dollars
an acre, and arc hold out to the country as
the most fertile lands west of the Mississippi,
In vast sections of that grant the minimum
price is fixed at $6 25 per acre, and this grant
was a naked bonus to that company, for you
actually furnished t,ho capital to build the road,
and it is now a charge upon your Treasury.
How strangely, sir, does Congress imitate the
policy of monarchies! The ruthless conquer-
ors of the middle age partitioned out countries
and principalities to their favorites. The Span-
iard and the Spanish-American, instinctively
a monarchist, granted, and still grants lands
by the league, ever resting the power of the
State on the favored few, ever distrusting the
many, and ever acting upon the maxim of the
old despot, " Let ^Government take care of the
rich and the rich'will take care of the poor."
Yet the solemn fact is attested by all history
that no people ever have been free where the
great body of the citizens were not independ-
ent freeholders. These freeholds arc the watch-
towers of liberty. "A venal and heartless
aristocracy, in the regular order of Providence,
is the punishment of a nation which permits
the few to monopolize the ownership of its
soil." Through what long centuries did the
simple yet sublime precept of the Hebrew law-
giver, "Every man's inheritance shall be in
the plaoe where his lot falleth; according to
the tribes of your fathers ye shall inherit,"
inspire in a handful of people an unconquer-
able spirit! How fiercely did the Jew through
all those centuries defend his inheritance
against the exactions of kings and the force of
overwhelming armies! "To your tents, 0
Israel!" was his fiery protest against oppres-
sion. Agriculture, sir, is the noblest occupa-
tion of a tree people. While Rome was a re-
public every citizen was invested with the title
to a definite portion of land; and the messen-
gers of the Roman senate calling a plowman
Jrom his field to command the legions of the
republic in a moment of public danger, and
that plowman returning to the labors of his
field when the danger to his country was past,
whet her it, be a legend or the truth, is one of the
most sublime, if not the sublimest spectaclc
in the history of mankind. The agrarian law
of Tiberius Gracchus did not interfere with the
private estates of .Roman citizens, but sought
to wrest from the patrician robbers the public
lands they had by craft and fraud monopolized,
and thus to secure to the indigent and landless
citizens a just portion of the land of their
country. When Tiberius fell by the hand of
usurping monopolists and the agrarian law was
repealed, the republic perished and a corrupt
aristocracy ruled the world.
Mr. Speaker, we can form some just idea of
the wrong inflicted on the people in the last
ten years by these grants to corporations by
comparison. These grants exceed the united
areas of Iowa, Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, and
Michigan—five great States, supporting oven
now more than ten million people; a vast em-
pire given to a mere handful of men. And the
theory, sir, on which tho people have been
induced to acquiesce in the leading grants—the
necessity of constructing a railroad to unite
the Atlantic and Pacific States—is actually
false, for tho railroad has been actually built
by your bonds and on the credit of this Gov-
ernment. These Pacific grants contemplate
these railroads across the continent: the North-
ern Pacific railroad, from Lake Superior to
Pugetsound; the Atlantic and Pacific railroad,
from Springfield, Missouri, to the Pacific ocean;
and tho Union Pacific and Central Pacific, which
constitute together the completed Pacific rail-
road, with extended branches. And now, sir,
new combinations, new corporations more ex-
acting and more voracious, if possible, than
their predecessors, are upon you, confident of
success and demanding more.
These gentlemen have effrontery to assert
that the people not only acquiesce i'-i but ap-
prove of this squandering of the public lands.
1 have before me some expressions of public
sentiment on this question. I have before me
a letter from Mr. Sanford,the president of the
Statu Labor Union of the State of Kansas—a
State where tho land monopolists literally run
riot—speaking for the laboring population of
that State, and condemning this policy of
Congress as fatal tothe rights of laboring men.
1 ask that this letter may be read.
Tho Clerk road as follows :
Office Statu Labor Union-,
(Joi.ombcts. Kansas, April 6,1870.
Silt: In behalf of tho laboring men of Kansas I
luivo tho honor to thank you lor tho interest you
lnivo manifested in tho hard-working pioneer of tlio
We.st by introducing and scouring tho adoption of
your resolution in tho House, of tho 22d ultimo, in
reloreneo (o t lio public lands. The result of granting
lar^o bodies of land to corporations is the curso of
Kansas fo-dav. Tho lands aro hold beyond tho reach
of tho poor, and the laboring man is compelled lo
ivoik upon tho railroads to procitro food for his
family, whtlo tho company nolds tho legal title to
Iho land it was his right to settle upon and makefor
himself a. homo. X tlmnktlod that thoro are men in
Congress who have thocouragc to check this suicidal
policy. Tho poor want homes, and will seek them
upon tho public domain if the land is Riven to them
to cultivate, and produce thereon tho moans to sup-
port themselves and families, and, perhaps, add
something to thowoalthof thocountry. I trust that
your resolution fixes the iuturo policy of the G overn-
ment in this regard. You are right; and remember
that tho workinsmen of Kansas, no matter to what
party they have heretofore belonged, will sustain you
and thoso who stand with you on this question.
Aernill, 1 thank you.
Yours, for the right,
amos sanford,
President State Labor Union, State of Kansas.
Hon. William s. IIolmax, Washington, D. 0.
Mr. HOLMAN-. And here, sir, I have reso-
lutions adopted by a convention of the friends
of free homesteads held in this city a few even-
ings ago. I ask the Clerk to read these reso-
lutions.
The Clerk read as follows :
"1. Resolved, That.we.as friendsofthchomestoad
and laborers generally, are grateful to membors of
Congress and others who have uniformly supported
I ho American policy of reserving the public lands
tor actual settlersand that we will support them to
the utmost of our ability with our voices and our
votes.
"2. Resolved, Thatwe reprobate the course of those
who advocato the anti-republican policy of granting
large tracts of lands to individuals or corporations,
and that we will earnestly and energetically oppose
this unconstitutional and destructive policy and its
supporters now and in tho future."
Mr. HOLMAN. And here, sir, is a petition
and remonstrance from laboring men, which
I ask may be read for the information of the
House, it is signed by E. Harrison Reed and
one hundred and fifty other citizens. The place
of residence of each subscriber is given.
The Clerk read as follows :
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
The undersigned, citizens of tho United States,
fooling tho urgent necessity for the enactment of a
law to prevent the further absorption of tho publio
lands of tho United States by railroads or other cor-
porations, and to have tho residue of said public
domain forever set apart for tho exclusive use of
actual settlers, in limited quantities, do rospoctfuliy
petition your honorable body to take prompt action
in tho passage of such a law.
We urge our appeal on the grounds that tens of
thousands of tho industrial classes of large cities and
towns now unemployed must seek an outlet and
escape from the poverty and distress which surrounds
them, or bo rapidly driven to pauperism and crimo.
W o urge our appeal on the ground of simple justice
to our children and to tho emigrants now seeking
our shores, floeing from the very monopoly of lands
so alarmingly threatening our Republic by the enorm-
ous absorption of tho public domain by giant cor-
porations and private monopolists.
Wo urge our appeal as a measuro of justice to tho
whole American people, as a, rich legacy in trust by
our generation tor those to como after us—never to
he alienated.
Weurgeourappeal,finally,as one deeply affecting
the morals and well-being of our people, in that these
giant corporations havo bccomo tho allies of stock
gamblers in turning our public domain (the heritage
of all; into ono vast national gambling arena.
To put a speedy termination to these threatened
evils, and to confer a measure of equity and justice
on tho American people, wo urgently pray tho adop-
tion ofalaw embodyingthofeaturoshoreinsetforth.
Mr. MAYNARD. Where does that come
from ?
Mr. HOLMAN. From the city of New
York.
Mr. ROOTS. A petition on morals from
New York Five Points! The devil preaching
Christianity!
Mr. HOLMAN. It comes from laboring
men of New York, from the hovels of New
York, if you please, right under the shadow of
the marble palaces from which the men come
who are demanding the passage of this and
similar bills.
Mr. SARGENT. Allow me one question.
Why is it that the men from the hovels of New
York do not go out into the West and occupy
the lands? What prevents them from going
there?
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman has asked
his question.
_ Mr. SARGENT. I can give the gentleman
his answer. The reason is because there are
no railroads.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman only ob-
tained leave to ask a question, and he has
asked it.
Mr. SARGENT. Then answer my question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why have they not gone?
Must they go at once? Are you not going to
give them time ? Are they not going at the
rate of half a million a year?
Mr. SARGENT. They only go where there
are railroads.
Mr. HOLMAN. Look at the long lines of
travel going westward.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I would ask the
gentleman whether he knows of any capitalist
in this capital now, or who has been here at
any time, advocating the passage of this bill ?
It is not true.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have not spoken with
reference to this particular bill. It is one of
a class. I do say—and the gentleman from
Oregon will notdisputeit—that the great body
of the bills sought to be log-rolled through this
Congress are for granting public lands to cor-
porations, the stockholders of which are not
western men and do not live in the new States
and Territories, but live eastward in your com-
