M
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
vessels "in'commission," or render them fit
for service if required-, a? possible, and to sub-
stitute th« sail for.steam-while cruising, thus
materially reducing the expenses- of the Navy
and adding gteatly to its'-effittiericy. Looking
to our - future-1* recommend a libe'ral, though
not extravagant poliey tow&rd-:th.is-bra nch "of
the public*service;- ' ' - ■ ■ ;v.
The-report of the- Postmaster General fur-
nishes a-clear and comprehensive-exhibit'of
the-operations of 'the:postal service-and of the
financial condition of the" Post Office Depart-
ment. , ' ' • *
The ordinary postal reventtes for the year
endingjunfe 30,'I860, amounted'to11>18','344,510,
and the expenditures to -$23,698,131, showing
an excess of expenditures "over-receipts of
$5^358,620. The excess of expenditures over
receipts for the previous-year amounted to
$6,437,-992. The increase of revenues for
1869 over those of 1868 was $2,051,909, a^id
the increase of expenditures was $967,538.
The increased revenue in 1869 exceeded the
increased revenue in 1868 by §996,336; and the
increased expenditure in 1869 was §2,527,570
less than the increased'expenditure in 1868;
showing by comparison,this gratifying feature
of improvement,'tliat'while the increase of
expenditures over the'increase of receipts in
1868 was $2,439,535, the increase of receipts
over the increase of expenditures in 1869 was
$1,084,371;
Your attention is respectfully called to the
recommendations made by the Postmaster Gen-
eral for authority to change tlie rate of com-
pensation to the maih-trunk railroad lines for
their services in carrying the mails ; for having
post-route maps executed; for reorganizing
and increasing the efficiency of the special
agency service ; for increase of the mail ser-
vice on the Pacific, and for establishing mail
service under the flag of the Union on the
Atlantic. And most especially do I call your
attention to his recommendation for the total
abolition of the franking privilege. This is an
abuse from which no one receives a commen-
surate advantage;'it reduces the receipts for
postal' service from twenty-five to thirty per
cent., and largely increases the service to be
performed. The method by which postage
should be paid upon public matter is set forth
fully in the report of the Postmaster General.
The report of the Secretary of the Interior
shows that the quantity of public lands dis-
posed of during the year ending the 30th of
June, 1869, was 7,666,152 acres, exceeding
that of the preceding year by 1,010,409 acres.
Of this amount 2,899,544 acres were sold for
cash, and 2,737,365 acres entered under the
homestead laws. The remainder was granted
to aid in the construction of works of inter-
nal improvement, approved to the States as
swamp land, and located with warrants and
scrip. The cash receipts from all sources
weTe $4,472,886, exceeding those of the pre-
ceding year $2,840,140.
During the last fiscal year 23,196 names
were added to the pension-rolls, and 4,876
dropped therefrom, leaving at its close 187,963.
The amount paid to pensioners, including
the compensation of disbursing agents, was
$28,422,884, an increase of §4,411,902 on
that of the previous year. The munificence
of Congress has been conspicuously mani-
fested in its legislation for the soldiers and
ilors who suffered in the recent struggle
to maintain " that unity of government which
ma es us one people." The additions to
the pension-rolls of each successive year,
since the conclusion of hostilities, result, in a
great degree, from the repeated amendments
of the act of 14 th of July, 1802, which extended
its provisions to cases not falling within its
original scope. The large outlay which is thus
occasioned is further increased by the more
liberal allowance bestowed since that date
upon those who in the lineof duty were wholly
or permanently disabled.
Public opinion has p-iven an emphatic sanc-
tion to these measures of Congress, and it will
be conceded that no part of our public burden
is more cheerfully borne than that which is
imposed by this branch -of the service. It ne-
cessitates for the next fiscal year, in addition
to the amount -justly chargeable to the naval
pension fund, an appropriation of $80;000,000.
During the year ending the 30th of Septem-
ber, 1869, the Patent Office-issued- 13;762
patehts, -and its receipts-were $686,389,-being
§213;826 more thanthe' expenditures; _
I' would respectfully Call your attention to
the recommendation' of the Secretary of the
of the Interior for uniting the duties of super-
vising' tire education- of freedmen with the_
other dutiesde-volving upon the Commissioner
of Education.
If it is the desire of Congress to make the
census which must be taken during the year
1870 more complete and- perfect than hereto-
fore I would suggest-early action upon any
plan that may be'agreed upon.
As Congress-at the last session appointed
a-committee to take into consideration such
"measures as might be deemed proper 'in refer-
ence to the census;" and to report a- plan, I
desist from saying riiore. _ -
I recommend to your favorable consideration
the claims of the Agricultural Bureau for lib-
eral appropriations. In a country so diversified
in climate and soil as ours, and" with a popula-
tion so largely dependent upon agriculture, the
benefits that can be conferred by properly fos-
tering this bureau are incalculable.
I desire respectfully to call the attention of
Congress to the inadequate salaries of a num-
ber of the most important officers of the Gov-
ernment. In this message I will notenumerate
them, but will specify, only the justices of the
Supreme Court. No change has been made
in their salaries for fifteen years.
Within that time the labors of the court have
largely increased-, and the expenses of living
have at least doubled. During the same time
Congress has twice found it necessary to in-
crease largely the compensation of its own
members; and the duty which it owes to
another department of the Government de-
serves, and will undoubtedly receive, its due
consideration.
There are many subjects not alluded to in
this message which might with propriety be
introduced, but I abstain, believing that your
patriotism and statesmanship will suggest the
topics and the - legislation most conducive to
the interests of the whole people. On my
part I promise a rigid'adherence to the laws
and their strict enforcement.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion,
Washikotom, D. C., December 6, 1869.
printing president's message, etc.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the message of
the President of the United States and the
accompanying documents be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and be ordered to be printed. After
this motion shall have been disposed of I shall
move the printing of a number of extra copies,
which motion will of course go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the message of the President'of the United
States, with the accompanying documents, will
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of,the Union, and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection ; and the motion of
Mr. Dawes wag agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that thirty thousand
extra copies of the annual message ofthe Pres-
ident of the United States, with the accompa-
nying documents, be ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing.
report of secretary 01? treasury.
The SPEAKER. The annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury is at the Speaker's
desk, and if there be no objection it will be-
- Mr. FARNSW0RTH. Let it be referred
and printed without reading.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reading? -
Several-members objected.
ADM:lsSiON' OP ALABAMA MEMBERS.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I move that the three members from
Alabama Be now sworn in.
Mr. PAINE. I move as an amendment to
that motion that the credentials of the three
gentlemen claiming seats from the State of
Alabama be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions. I regret exceedingly that I did not ask
the sense of the House upon the motion I
made some time ago. I shall now insist upon
ascertaining the sentiment of the House up.on
this amendment; and upon' the amendment
together with the original motion I demand
the previous question. ' ,
" Mr. WOOD. - I believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
"York has the floor.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I believe this
is a question of the highest privilege* that can
be presented to this House. W'e have three
gentlemen' here who have the certificates of
their election, against whom there are ho alle-
gations of disqualification in any'way; and I
now, sir, demand that they shall be sworn in
under the rule. To send them to the Com-
mittee of Elections is virtually to leave them
off the roll for months and months with their
constituency unrepresented—is an act of injus-
tice I hope this House will not perpetrate. I
think, sir, that the chairman of that committee
cannot with propriety, in view of the fact that
it has eighteen or twenty contested election
cases before it now, desire to add still further
to its duties and. burdens and thus delay the
action we are entitled to in these cases. I
hope, therefore, that he will not insist on his
motion. He cannot allege—I ask him to do
so if he can—a single objection to either of
these gentlemen. Their seats are not even
contested, so far us this House knows, and
there is no just ground for the reference of
their cases to the Committee of Elections. To
do so would be contrary to the practice and
precedents of the House in like cases. I re-
new" my demand, then, that these members
shall be sworn in as they present themselves
for that purpose. I make the motion, and
demand the previous question.
Mr. PAINE. I move to lay that motion
on the table, as I understand that my amend-
ment has not been entertained.
The SPEAKER. It was not entertained.
Mr. PAINE. Then I shall ask the House
only to vote down the demand for the previous
question.
The'House divided; and there were—ayes 48,
noes 84.
So the House refused to sustain the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. PAINE. I now move that these cre-
dentials be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions; and I wish to say to the House that it
is the furthest from my purpose to delay action.
Thg object I had in view in the remarks I
made this morning was to remove these cases
from the House, to be disposed of before the
committee, and in this way expedite the public
business. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The question was then taken ; and was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 129, nays 49, not
voting 29; as follows :
TEAS—SI essrs. Allison, Amhler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Bailey. Beatnan, Benjamin, Bennett,
Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boyd, George M. Broote,
Buck, Buffinton, Bueldoy, Burdett, Burohard,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Cessna,
ChurcMtl, Clarke, Amass Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
