4158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
June 7,
the bill for a through line to New York. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Stjmnbr] made, perhaps, the ablest speech of
his life upon the subject of this very bill. My
friend, the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman, ]
also discussed it most ably and fully. It has
been discusse'd on the other side of the Cham-
ber. I have not one word to say upon the
subject; I have said all that I desire to say. I
shall ask for a vote upon these two bills with-
out remark. The friends of the measure will
not occupy any time in discussion ; and I move
that the appropriation bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves to postpone the present and
all prior orders for the purpose of considering
the bill mentioned by him.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Michi-
gan, the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, this morning prevailed upon the Senate
to set apart a day for the consideration of bills
reported from that committee; and now he
comcs forward and proposes to displace an
appropriation bill that has been under consid-
eration here for three or four days and is nearly
completed. I thought when the motion pre-
vailed, setting apart a day for the business of
his committee, that that was a great concession
by the Senate; but now to ask us to displace
an appropriation bill besides, is a little too
thick. Itisaskingtoomuch. I hope the. motion
will not prevail.
Mr. CHANDLER. I gave notice when I
asked for a day for the consideration of busi-
ness from the Committee on Commerce that I
should to-day bring up these two bills. I gave
that notice at the time. These bills will lead
to discussion. I cannot take them up on the
day that has been granted to the Committee
on Commerce. I have, perhaps, twenty bills
besides these for consideration. But I have
given this notice. The Chair will remember
that I was thrown out from the consideration
of this bill by a privileged question, to wit, the
admission of the Senator from Mississippi,
£Mr. Revels.] I had, as I supposed, a sure
thing; I was ahead of everybody else, and
thought I could not be put back; but I was
ruled out. I have been at work all the winter
trying to bring up these bills, and I hope the
Senate will stand by me now in getting them
up. No man ever knew an appropriation bill
to fail. It goes through by its own weight. The
Senator from Maine will have all the time he
requires to pass his appropriation bill. There
ia no doubt about that. I hope, therefore, that
the Senate will stand by me in taking up this
bill for a through line to New York, and the
Chattanooga bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not been
here long enough yet to learn 
Mr. CHANDLER. My motion was to pass
over the appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not been
here long enough yet to learn that a Senator
gets a monopoly of the floor 
" The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine will suspend. The Senator from Michi-
gan states that he moves to pass over the ap-
propriation bill. The effect of that would be,
if a separate vote should be demanded and the
appropriation bill passed over, that the bill for
the abolition of the franking privilege would
be next in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I make that motion for
the purpose of taking up the bill I have named.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can determine by
voting on this motion whether the Senate want
to displace the appropriation bill or not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Who has the
floor?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
fern Maine is entitled to the floor, but the
Senator from Michigan states that he moves to
pass over the appropriation bill, which motion
is not debatable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That takes me
from the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a modest
proposition for the Senator to make after sub-
mitting a motion and arguing it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw it to enable
the Senator to say anything he has to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair mis-
understood the motion of the Senator from
Michigan. The Chair understood the motion
to be to postpone; but he now states that it
was to pass over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What I desired
to say was that I did not understand that a
Senator got a monopoly of the Senate for the
consideration of a bill by giving notice that on
a certain day he would bring it up. I always
supposed that such a motion as that was made
with reference to the state of business before
the Senate ; that it implied that the Senate
would not be preoccupied on that day. If the
Senator yesterday made a motion to have a
monopoly of the Senate to-day, he made it
under snch circumstances that he had no rea-
son to expect that the Senate would consider
it. He made it under such circumstances that
it would give him an opportunity that would
be unprecedented in the order of business in
the Senate.
Here is an appropriation bill, now in the
stages of completion, involving many millions
of dollars, and involving very important inter-
ests besides the money appropriated in it; and
now, with not a single appropriation bill com-
pleted this session, that Senator, with twelve
years' experience in this body, thinks it proper
for him to say that appropriation bills will go
through as a matter of course; they will go
through by their own speeific gravity ; and he
says that with the knowledge that the Senate
has agreed to a proposition to adjourn on the
15th day of July. Sir, there is not physical
endurance enough in any Senator on this floor
to get these bills through in that time unless he
is to have the utmost consideration of the Sen-
ate whenever theyare brought here. And now,
when this appropriation bill is in the stages of
completion, the Senator notifies us that he pro-
poses to ask, and he makes a motion to that
effect, that the bill be put aside to enter upon
the discussion of a measure which he knows is
a controverted proposition, and which has days
of discussion 111 it. He thinks the answer to
that is that he himself has no doubts on that
question, and the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has once made an able and profound
speech on the subject, and the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio has also made a profound speech
on that subject; and because those gentlemen
are ready to vote, therefore the Senate are ready
to vote, therefore discussion is foreclosed !
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will allow
me, I ought to have said that the honorable
Senator from Maine likewise made a very able
and profound speech against the bill. I forgot
to mention that fact. He is utterly opposed in
principle and in practice to the bill that I desire
to take up ; and I expect his opposition now
in getting up the bill, and I expect his opposi-
tion when I do get up the bill. I expect that
he will occupy time m debating it, and then vote
against it. But I certainly hope the Senate are
in a different mind from the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The honorable
Senator states the fact accurately as to ray
making a speech, but he was under 110 obliga-
tion to bestow the compliment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan moves to pass over the appro-
priation bill for the purpose of entering a
motion to proceed to the consideration of the
bill he has named.
The motion was not agreed to.
HOUSE iSILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1828) making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending June
30,1871, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 2045) to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
papers withdrawn and referred,
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That Seth E. Ward and William J. Lar-
amer have leave to withdraw their several petitions •
and papers from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition anil papers of Charles
L. Bradvrell, a free man of color, resident at Savan-
nah, Georgia, for compensation for four balci of cot-
ton taken by the Government under orders issued
by General Sherman in 18U5, be taken from the files
of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Sir. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 7tli
instant, approved and signed the following act
and joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 97) to fix the salary of the
bailiff of the Court of Claims ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 93) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
American register to the bark Live Oak and to
the ship Agra, of Boston; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 137) for the
relief of Mrs. E. Grace Stevens.
boundaries of land districts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Indian
appropriation bill is before the Senate, and the
pending question is on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy]
in regard to the Osage Indian lands.
Mr. POMEROY. That amendment has been
read at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been
reported.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been read two or
three times.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to make an appeal
to the Senator from Maine. I am going to ask
the Senate for about two minutes time, if the
Senator from Maine will consent. I do not
like to do it; but I have tried for three weeks
to get a little bill through which is of public
importance and to which nobody will object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the char-
acter of the bill ?
Mr. THAYER. It is a bill of five lines,
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to
change the boundaries of land districts. There
are certain districts which will require special
acts of legislation if this bill is not passed to
provide for them, and at this late stage of the
session I do not suppose it would be possible
to pass bills for those cases. It is a bill of
public interest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska asks unanimous consent that the
appropriation bill be informally passed over,
subject to a demand for the regular order, in
order to proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
know what it is.
Mr. THAYER. It is Senate bill No. 742.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] debated that bill at consider-
able length. He is opposed to it.
^ Mr. iHAYER. Oh, no ; nobody objects
iiy unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, resumed the consideration
of the bill (S. No; 742) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to change the boundaries
of land districts.
i.he bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
,rrd r®adinS' read the third time, and passed.
Mr. THAYER subsequently said: 1 trust
the Senate will grant unanimous consent to
correct an oversight in thebili which was passed
to-day in regard to the changing of the bound-
aries of land districts. As passed it gives
authority to the Secretary of the Interior to
