1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3215
fifty dollars; for feet, fifty dollars; for apparatus
for resfctioo. fifty dollars.
>?TC a. Amlbt itfurther enacted. That the provisions
of this  «t shall be extended to soldiers of the Mex-
;<-4ii war who lost limbs in said war, and to euoli sol-
diers as lost limbs in the war of lSli
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina has offered an amend-
ment to the bill, which is now pending, and it
will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add to the end of the third section the
following proviso:
Prunitd, That the benefits of this act shall net be
extended to any soldier of tha w.ir of 1S12, or of the
war with Mexico, who aided and abetted the cause
otthe late rebellion,
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
and declared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for a division,
and I will make one remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. So few Senators
have voted that, the Senator from Delaware
having risen to debate it, if there is no objec-
tion the Chair will regard the question as not
having been put.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, sop-
pose it to be true that a man in the war of
1812 volunteered to fight the battles of his
country, fought them bravely, fonghtthem well,
did all that could be required of him as afaith-
fal soldier. Did not the country acknowl-
edge then, would you not acknowledge now,
that the country owed such a man a debt of
gratitude? Then suppose it to be true that in
the late struggle between his section and the
opposing section he did what you believe to be
wrong; that he gave aid and comfort to the
section of the country to which he belonged.
Does the subsequent wrong done by him re-
lieve von from the obligation of discharging a
just debt? Juse as well might you say, if you
owed a man in the southern States a sum of
money honorably, and he held your obligation
for it, that simply because he gave aid and
comfort to southern forces you would not pay
jour honest debts. I call the attention of the
Senate to this question as a question of sound
morality. How does a subsequent error dis-
chaige you from the performance of a debt of
gratitude and a debt of honor? I will not say
anjthing farther on this subject; but such
morality as that strikes me as more than ques-
tionable.  
Mr.SAWYER. I am rather indifferent about
this amendment. I offered it rather to make the
legislation of the country in regard to these
matters harmonious than for any other reason.
I do not suppose as a matter of fact it will
a8eet a dozen men in the country, probably
not half that number. But it is well known
that every soldier in the United States who
aided and abetted the rebellion, and who prior
to the occurrence of that event was on the
pension-rolls, has had his name stricken from
diose rolls, and that to-day the United States
is paying no pension to a man who before the
*ar enjoyed it, unless he can prove that he
was not an aider and abettor of the rebellion.
h e poultry has been able up to this time to
allow it3 sense of justice, if such be the sense
*mch is to be affected by this kind of bill, to
sleep frotn the war of 1812, and the Mexican
*ar down to this time in these cases, it does
feem to me that the participation of these men
in the late rebellion gives no particular reason
'or giving them wooden legs or arms.
, '™e no special objection to giving these
half dozen or dozen men arms or legs which
ttlght be found to be needed if this amend-
"■wtwere not attached to the bill; but it
*onld be entirely inharmonious with the rest
ot the legislation of Congress on this subject.
™«passed a bill the other day to pay those
®en m the southern States who took the cen-
sus in I860; but we insisted upon a proviso
bat they should prove their loyalty during the
rebellion. There is a law on the statute-
wok which forbids the payment of any claim
10 My southern claimant or any claimant hav-
ing & canse of claim that arose before the war
unless he can prove that he was loyal during
the war. Now, why shall we in a bill of this
kind make an exception to the general current
of legislation on this subject? I, perhaps, might
agree more nearly with my friend who has just
taken his seat on this question on abstract
principles than he is aware of; but we have
legislated in the opposite direction in every
other case. Why in this particular caBe should
we violate the current spirit of the legislation
of the last ten years ?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will not continue
this debate, but as 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts first addressed the Chair, if he
insists on the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say to the
Senator from South Carolina that this amend-
ment has no possible connection with the bill.
It is unnecessary. This bill only applies to
soldiers who were disabled during the late war
for the suppression of the rebellion, not for
the men of any other war.
Mr. SAWYER. I bee the Senator's pardon;
the bill has been amended to include the sol-
diers of the war of 1812, and of the Mexican
war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the motion of
the Senator from Indiana and some other Sen-
ator the soldiers of the two preceding wars
Mr. SAULSBURY. As I remarked, I will
not continue this debate. I will only suggest
to the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina that if it be true that he agrees with me in
the abstract principle he does not answer his
own private views or my suggestion by saying
that the action of Congress heretofore has been
in a contrary direction. If the action of Con-
?ress heretofore has not been right in principle
suggest to the Senator that it is better to
come back to the principle, even if it should
disturb the harmonious action of the legislation
of Congress and the symmetry of its record.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not mean to convey
to the Senator an absolute acquiescence in his
views abont the abstract justice of this matter.
I said we might bo nearer together than he per-
haps supposed ; but I saw no particular reason
at this time for making an exception to the
whole legislation of Congress for the last ten
years on this subject. There may come a time,
in my opinion, when Congress will have a dis-
position to pay for services rendered to the
Government even though the person rendering
such service may have subsequently committed
faults in the eye of the Government. But let it
be upon some general principle, and not pick
out a half dozen cases here and there.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that time will not
come very soon. If it is proper to buy wooden
legs for persons who engaged in the late rebel-
lion it is proper to pension them. It involves
the same principle ; and allow me to say that
that is the direction, in my opinion, in which
the Democratic party is drifting. I was not
present the other day, but I read the debate
between my colleague [Mr. Pratt] and the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. McCheejw,] in
which the Senator from Kentucky moved to
strike out the word " loyalty" from a bill which
provided for the payment of claims for prop-
erty taken during the late war, so that rebels
could be paid for property taken by our Army,
as well as loyal men. That is on the same
principle and is in the same direction. I doubt
not my honorable friend from Kentucky ex-
pressed the sentiment of his party in Kentucky
in making that motion. I believe that the
Democratic party of the South would desire
to strike out the word "loyalty," and that
rebels along with Union men should be paid
for their property.
One argument used by my friend from Ken-
tucky was that it would conciliate and tend to
bring about harmony and restore the era of
good feeling. Well, sir, if it would conciliate
and restore the era of good feeling to pay
rebels for their property taken by our Army in
putting down their rebellion, then to pension
the rebel soldiers and put them on the same
footing with the Union soldiers would also be
a conciliatory measure, and would go further,
perhaps, than anything else toward restoring
the era of good feeling I If that would have
that effect, then go one step further, and pen-
sion the widows and orphans of rebel soldiers
and put them on the same footing with the
widows and orphans of Union soldiers! Can-
not the Senator see that that would do more
than any other measure that has been proposed
toward restoring the era of good feeling?
Now, sir, as 1 have before remarked, if we
may provide wooden legs for persons engaged
in the late rebellion, we may pension them; and
if we may pay the claims of rebels, and put them
on a footing with the claims of loyal men, we
should pension the rebel soldiers and put them
on a footing with the loyal soldiers, and pen-
sion their widows and orphans. Sir, that is the
direction and the drift of the Democratic party.
Bring that party into power, and almost the
first step it would take toward the restoration
of good feeling would be to put the rebel sol-
diers and their widows and orphans upon the
same footing with loyal soldiers, their widows
and orphans.
Mr. McCREERY. I will remark, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the bill proposing to pay for forage
and commissary stores taken by the Army
during the war is not before the Senate for
consideration at this time; neither is there any
proposition before us to pension the soldiers
engaged in the southern cause during the rebel-
lion. The simple proposition before us, as I
understand it, is to furnish wooden legs to
such poor cripples as may have been maimed
and deprived of their means of locomotion
during the war. If there is any poor man,
whether he fought under the stars and stripes
or the stars and bars, reduced to that situa-
tion by reason of his participation in this war, I
am willing, as a representative from Kentucky,
to put him on his feet again, and give him a
wooden leg, or a wooden arm, or fifty dollars in
lieu of either. I cannot understand why the
gentleman seems so much opposed to striking
hands with these men. The war is over; it is
time we had peace, and as I said before I would
take the step I have indicated. Nor am I to
be singled out and cried down for any view I
entertain on this or any other subject. I sup-
port measures here just as I think proper and
as duty calls upon me; and I would, as I said
before, give to any of these men a wooden leg
or a wooden ami, I do not care which side he
was engaged on.
Mf. SAULSBURY. There is one thing I
have observed as occurring in this body when-
ever the honorable Senator from Indiana rises
to address it. Although he preserves good
temper and advocates with a greatdeal of force
and a great deal of ability his views, yet he
cannot, for the life of him, address the Senate
upon any subject whatever, however important
or however trivial, without referring to the
Democratic party and what it would do if it got
into power. From what I had heard in this
Chamber and read in the Republican papers I
was inclined to think that at least the honora-
ble Senator and his party thought the Demo-
cratic party was dead. If it is dead why do
you not let it sleep? Why upon all occasions
do you refer to it in the debates in this body?
Why do you scent danger in the distance ?
Mr. President, I wish to suggest to the hon-
orable Senator, when he presumes to speak as
to the intentions of the Democratic party if it
should get into power, and what it would do,
that I ao not know who has made him ac-
quainted with the intentions of that party. I do
notthinkheisamember of our political church.
I have never met him either in political love-
feast or class-meeting; and I do not think that
he is in a situation to be able to speak for that
organization or for its members. If the Sen-
