1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5103
ham. Cameron, Carpenter, Cattel], Cole, Conkling,
Davis, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Texas,
Howard, Johnston, Lewis, Morton, Norton, Nye,
Pratt, Revels, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stockton, Thur-
man, Tipton, and Yates—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the com-
mittee, striking out the words which have been
read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In section thirty-nine
there is an amendment rendered necessary by
the amendment adopted on motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. In the sixth line,
after the word ''March," I move to insert the
words " 1871 and 1872;" so as to read, "on
the 1st day of March, 1871 and 1872," and
so as to confine it to those two years.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those words
will be inserted, no objection being made.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was on page 81, section forty, line
ten, after the word "corporation" to insert
the following words:
Nor that portion of the salary or pay received for
services in the civil, military, naval, or other service
of the United States, or as Senator, ^Representative,
or Delegate in Congress, from which tax has been
deducted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 81, sec-
tion forty, line sixteen, after the words "fidu-
ciary capacity" to insert the words :
Or as resident agent for, or copartner of, any non-
resident alien, deriving income, gains, and profits
from any business, trade, or profession carried on in
the United States, or from rents of real estate sit-
uated therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 83, section
forty-two, line two, after the word " fiduciary"
to insert the words "or agent;" in line three,
after the word "ward," strike out the word
"or;" in line four, after the word "benefi-
ciary," to insert the words "or principalin
line nine to strike out the word " or" before
the word "beneficiary," and after the word
" beneficiary" to insert the words "or princi-
pal ;" so that the section will read :
That any person, in his own behalf, or as such
fiduciary or agent, shall be permitted to declare,
under oath, that he, or his ward, boneficiary, or prin-
cipal, was not possessed of an income of $2,000, liable
to be assessed according to the provisions of this act:
or may declare that an income tax has been assessed
and paid elsewhere in the same year, under authority
of tile United States, upon his income, gains, and
profits, or those ofhisward.benefieiary.orprincipal
as required by law; andif the assistantassessorshall
be satisfied ot the truth of the declaration, such per-
son shall thereupon be exempt from income tax in
the said district.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the commencement
of section forty-four I desire to insert the words
" during the years 1871 and 1872," and also
in the second line to strike out the word 1' three''
and insert "two and one half," to make it
conform to the other changes that have been
made; so that it will read:
That during the years 1871 and 1872 there shall
be levied and collected a tax of two and one half
per cent., &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If no one
objects, I move that the question on the bal-
ance of the amendments to the sections relat-
ing to the income tax be taken collectivcly as
one amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are merely matters
of form.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The remain-
ing amendments to these sections, to make the
text consistent, will be regarded as agreed to
unless objection be made.
Mr, CASSERLY. I should like to inquire
how many pages there are of those amend-
ments.
Mr. SHERMAN. They end on page 87.
It will take but a moment to go over them now.
Mr. CASSERLY. If they are not import-
ant I do not care about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those amend-
ments will be considered as agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now the amendment
which the Senator from Maine proposes in
regard to sugar should be considered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think it very much more
appropriate that the Senator from Ohio should
now move that amendment. He has now got
the bill,in such a shape as will, I suppose,
justify his voting in favor of the amendment;
and I think it appropriate that he should
move it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
doing so. It is all printed on page 91. I move
to insert the words in italics, commencing on
line forty-five, being the clause in regard to
the sugar tax.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the words proposed to be inserted.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
On all sugar not above No. 7 Dutch standard in
color, and on all sirup of sugar-cane, melada, or con-
centrated melada, and concentrated molasses, one
and three fourths cent per pound.
On all sugar above No. 7 Dutch standard in color,
and not above No. 10 Dutch standard in color, two
cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 10 Dutch standard in color,
and not above No. 13 Dutch standard in color, two
and one fourth cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 13 Dutch standard in color,
and not above No. 16 Dutch standard in color, two
and a half cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. lGDutch standard in color,
and not abovo No. 20 Dutch standard in color, three
ccnts per pound.
On all sugar above No. 20 Dutch standard in color,
and on ail refined loaf, lump, crushed, powdered, and
granulated sugar, four cents per pound.
On all molasses, five cents per gallon: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Treasury shall, by regula-
tions, prescribe and require that samples shall be
taken by inspectors from the hogshead, box, or other
package, in such a manner as to represent a true
average of the contents of the package, and from a
sufficient number of packages of the same mark in
each and everyinvoice,so that the samples on which
the classification is made shall be a fair average in
quality of the sugar imported under that mark, and
the classification shall be adjudged on the entire
mark accordingly; and the weights of sugar imported
in casks or boxes shall bo marked distinctly by the
custom-house weigher by scoring the figures indeli-
bly on each package.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. There is an amendment in
regard to the income tax to which I ask the
attention of the Senate. It strikes me as being
so eminently just that I hope they will concur
with me. On pages 84 and 85, section forty-
four, it is provided—
That there shall be levied and collected a tax of
three per cent, on the amount of all interest or cou-
ponspaidon bonds orother evidences of debt, issued
and payable in ono or more years after date, by any
of the corporations in this section hereinafter enum-
erated, and on the amount of all dividends of earn-
ings, income, orgainshereafterdeelared by any bank,
trust company, savings institution, insurance com-
pany, railroad company, canal company—
Naming other corporations of a similar char-
acter, and then proceeding—
And every such corporation having paid the tax
as aforesaid is hereby authorized to deduct and with-
hold from any payment on account of interest, cou-
pons, and dividends an amount equal to the tax of
three per cent, on the same; and the payment to the
United States, as provided by law, of the amount of
tax so deducted from the interest, coupons, and div-
idends aforesaid, shall discharge the corporation from
any liability for that amount of said interest, cou-
pons, or dividends, claimed as due to any person,
except in cases where said corporations have pro-
vided otherwise by an express contract.
Now, there has been in the previous sections
of this law an exemption of $2,000, which a
person may avail himself of from his income
as returned; but here is a proposition that
where, as in cases of which 1 have personal
knowledge, widowed women or orphan girls
may have a little sum, perhaps of $G00 or
§1,000, their sole means of support, invested
in the stock of some of these companies, they
are to have three per cent, upon their scanty
incomes retained, and no exemption whatever
is to be allowed, and none can be obtained.
I propose to remove that manifest injustice.
If these exemptions have any side that entitles
them to favor it is that side that turns its face
to those who are unprotected and poor. I
propose in line twenty-two, after the wordi
"same," to insert these words:
And the sum of §2,000 shall be exempted thereout
from taxation: Provided, The person entitled to
such dividends shall, at the time the same fall clue,
file an affidavit with the treasurer or other account-
ing officer of such corporation stating that no other
exemption under this act had been otherwise allowed
to him, her, or them.
I think the Senate will readily see the justice
of this proposition.
Mr, WILLIAMS. I think that is a compli-
cated question.
Mr. BAYARD. It is a complicated ques-
tion that is settled with great ease by manifest
injustice. Nothing is so simple as cruelty, I
may say, for it is a direct act of force. It
requires a good deal of trouble sometimes to
be just.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Delaware.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I can say in regard to
that is that every Senator must see that it would
be impracticable. I do not answer the argu-
ment of injustice, because it cannot be done ;
but it is utterly impossible for a corporation to
tell when and where to make the deduction.
For instance, a person has an income from
various corporations, the aggregate of which
may not amount to $2,000. How could the
corporation tell ?
Mr. BAYARD. But it may from the whole
of the person's income.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose it does not. It
is a very difficult problem.
Mr. BAYARD. If it does not they can easily
file an affidavit to that effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is utterly impossible.
Mr. BAYARD. The injustice of this matter
has been before me practically illustrated. It
is plain that by the provision of this section you
have destroyed the exemption which you have
given to every capitalist of the country in prior
sections. I do not think because it is trouble-
some to draw an amendment, or because it may
be a little troublesome to enforce it, you should
hesitate to take trouble for the purpose of sav-
ing that injustice. The amendment is drawn
hastily.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish the proposition to
be understood by the Senate. I do not'wish
to appear pertinacious about this matter. To
me it is not of the most remote possible influ-
ence, except upon a sense of what is just and
right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will again take the sense of the Senate upon the
amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. If the Chair will do so, I
shall be very much obliged. I ask that it be
reported.
Mr. HARLAN and Mr. CASSERLY. Let
it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Delaware to
read the amendment himself, as the writing
will be more legible to him.
Mr. BAYARD. The amendment that I pro-
pose is on page 85, line thirty-two, after the
word "same" to insert the following words:
And the sum of $2,000 shall be exempted thereout:
Provided, The person entitled to suchaividcndsshall
at the time the same fall due. file an affidavit with
the treasurer or other accounting officer of any such
corporation, stating that no other exemption under
this act had been otherwise allowed to him, her, or
them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How would you provide
for stock standing in his name nominally ? You
do not require him to swear that he is the real
owner of tlie stock.
Mr. SHERMAN. You cannot carry it out
even then.
Mr. BAYARD. The person entitled to the
dividends would be the person owning the stock.
Mr. EDMUNDS, He might be the osten-
