1828
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
remember, air) that hi the State of Illinois
and in other States of th« Northwest there
were attempts to alter the constitutions of the
-States so as to make them slave States, bo that
men might bring slaves to Illinois instead of
to Missouri, but they failed; the. Ordinance
stood like a wall of fire against the introduc-
tion of slavery into those Territories and States.
These are facts sustained by history, and
they show the power and potency of these
enactments. Why, sir, if I remember aright,
the Congress of the United States would not
receive Illinois into the Union until she had
rissed a law adopting the Ordinance of 1787.
wish I had time to read the remarks of Mr.
Webster on that Ordinance and as to its effect
it had upon the coantry and the institution of
slavery. I will read what he said as to its
origin:
"An attempt has been made to transfer from the
.North to the South the honor of this exclusion of
slavery from the northwestern territory. The Jour-
nal, without argument or comment, refutes such
attempts. The cession by Virginia was made in
March, 1784. Oil the 19th of April following a.com-
mittee, consisting of Messrs. Jefferson, Chase, and
Howell, reported a plan for a temporary govern-
ment of the territory, in which was' this article:
' That after the year 1800 there shall be neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude in any of thceaid
States, otherwise than in punishment of crimes
whereof the party shall have been convicted.' Mr.
Spaight, of North Carolina, moved to strike out this
paragraph. The question was put according to the
form then practiced, 'Shall these words stand as a
part of the plan f' New Hampshire, Massachusetts,
Khode Island,Connecticut, New York.Naw Jersey,
and Pennsylvania, seven States, voted in the affirm-
ative; Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina in
the negrative. North Carolina was divided. As the
.consent of nine States was necessary, the words
could not' stands and were struck out accordingly.
'Mr. JeJferson voted for the clause, but was overruled
by his colleagues:
' ** In March of thonextyeaT Q783)Mr.King, of Mas-
sachusetts seconded by Mr. EUery, ot Hhode Island,
^proposed the formerly rejected article with this addi-
tion : * And that this regulation shalt'be an article of
compact, and remai&afandamental principleofthe
constitutions between the thirteen original States
and each of the States described in the resolve.' On
this clause. Which provided the adequate and thor-
ough security, the eight northern States at that time
voted .affirmatively and the four southern States
negatively. The votes of nine States were not yet
"obtained; and thus the provision was again rejected
by the southern States. The perseverance of the
North held out, and two years afterward the object
was attained."
Mr. President, it is idle to talk about a family
of a. dozen children with no father, no mother,
no guardian, no umpire, nobody to decide,
nobody to compel obedience; but it is no more
idle than to talk aboutfifty or a hundred States,
as we Bhpll have when we number one hundred
million people and have a whole cordon of
States stretching from the Atlantic to the Pa-
cific, with the institutions of freedom in our
hands, with all the ten thousand blessings of
Christian civilization at stake, with all that is
beautiful to think of and fearful to dread com-
mitted to our charge. When we remember, as
is the.fact, that the "star of empire," the
noblest and the last, is to be established between
the Atlantic and Pacific upon those mighty
western plains, and that the power of the con-
tinent is to be there, are we to have one hun-
dred States, each sovereign in itself, each
claiming the right to govern all the others,
passing different laws? : Strife will surely result
' fro hi such a condition: of affairs, and oar late
war will be but feeble compared with the
mighty enginery and gigantic operations of
that .great war which will ensue if such a con-
; dittos of.things be permitted.
On the other hand, I stand where the Re-
■-publican party stands to-day; All the. old
decisions tainted by slavery, all constitutions,
.laws, and institutions in aid of slavery are
swept away. The opposition that is now raised
against this position is but feeble, and it is
futile5 it is against fate. By the kind provi-
dence of Almighty God we live in an eventful
period of the world's history. Mr. Webster
thanked God that he lived in an age when there
was so much of prosperity, so much of educa-
tion, so much 0f freedom; bat.Mr. Wabater
did not live to see the day .when' slavery was
blotted from the face of the North American
continent; he did not live to see the day when
from the Atlantic coast we could reach Cali-
fornia by a railroad; he did not live to see the
day when, by the use of lightning, we could
send messages traversing the bed of the ocean.
Sir, we have lived to see that day; but we have
not yet reached the culminating point of free-
dom. Already in some of our States we see
propositions to strike out the word "white"
from their constitutions; and the time is coming
speedily, yea, it is at hand, when this Govern-
ment must conform its practice in all respects
to the theory of a pure republic.
I took no part in the controversy between
my colleague [Mr. Trumbull] and the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] All know
the estimation in which I hold my colleague.
All know that i have been his friend forever.
All know that I regard him as a true friend
of the Republican party. The only difference
he and I have baa has been as to the field
of operations. My colleague unfortunately
belonged originally to the Democratic party,
and he was sehooled in its theories and in its
doctrines. While he does not say that State
rights are the main thing to be looked to, or
that State sovereignty is absolute, yet he wants
to preserve those old forms and traditions that
have come with him.from his early education.
But he has been the more useful to us perhaps
on that accoutit, because he has brought over
from the Democratic side men by regiments
and by platoons, n6t only to support the war,
but to advocate and maintain the principles of
the Republican party, and to-day he stands
peerless in our State and before the world as
one of the most noble, efficient, and able ad-
vocates of the cause in which we are engaged.
On the other hand, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts of course needs no encomium from
me. A question was raised the other day as to
whether he was the author of a certain meas-
ure or proposition. I do not know whether he
was or not, but he had advocated those prin-
ciples of everlasting and vital truth which
entered into that proposition; he had prepared
the public mind for it, and if he was riot so
fortunate as to be the clerk who wrote it out,
I am sorry for it; but it only showed, that he
was not anxious for his laurels.
Mr. President, so far as the. sentiments of
that Senator are concerned they are already
written-upon the frontispiece of ourlegislation,
not so much in laws, drafted by his own hand
as in the constitutions of States, in the pro-
ceedings of this body, in our usages, in our
sentiments. No taan shall wear a taller plume
than he who has borne aloft not only the flaming
cimeter of the Constitution, but with the ban-
ner of the Union over his head has always
battled in favor of human rights and liberty.
I take no- part in this controversy so far as it
is personal, and I hope I may be forever here-
after protected from any personal allusion.
Sir, we must have one uniform standard in
this country, so far as the rights of men are
concerned, or else there is no equality of citi-
zens or of States. Look at the provisions, of
the CoBstitBtion which tend to secure this
equality.. The Constitution provides that no
State shall enter into uy treaty, alliance, or
confederation; that no State shall without the
.consent of Congress lay any imposts or duties
on imports or export*; that no State, without
the consent of Congress, shall lay any duty on
tonnage, or keep troops or ships of war in
time of peace, or entennto any agreement or
compact with another State or with a foreign
Power. No State can confer or create any
title of nobility; By the'Constitution the citi-
zens of each State are entitled to all privileges
and immunities of citizens in the several States;
and to crown all, the duty is imposed npon the
United States to guaranty to every State in
this Union, a republican form of government.
All these provisions of the Constitution are
based npon the Declaration of/American In-
dependence. The only stain;the only ink-spot
npon the Constitution of the United States is
the accursed crime of human slavery, which
has controlled the decisions of this country,
judicial and political, State and national, for
so long a period. It has gone to the extent of
dividing churches and dividing communities,
all to gratify the mere pride and ambition of
man, just as though the weak and the poor
were not entitled to rights in tiiis Government
as well as the wealthy and the powerful. If a
man is weak the more we should protect, him.
If he is ignorant the more we should ascertain
his wants and seek to provide lor them, and
the more likely is he to know what they are,
and to vote so as to care for them. The black
man who cannot read or write knows his wants
and can vote for them just as well as the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
can for his rights. I do not say that for the
purpose of drawing any odious comparison. I
only say that the Senator from Kentucky has
no right to vote for the black man, but he
should vote for himself. The one has rights
inalienable, God-given from heaven, just the
same as the other, and each has the same right
to represent himself at the ballot-box.
You may ask me, then, what will become
of this Government if the ignorant are all to
vote? Did you ever object to Irishmen voting
when they landed in this country ? Have they
not been drawn from the wharves upon land-
ing and carried to the polls blindfold to vote
the Democratic ticket? Have you ever im-
posed any condition upon the uneducated in
the State of Kentucky ? I am a native of
that State, and I am proud that I am a native
of Kentucky ; but there are persons there who
cannot read and write. If the honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky were to send the speech that
•hemadeyesterday to some of his constituents on
Eagle creek they would raise their eyes in hor-
ror ; and yet; tbey are American citizens, and
they have the*same rights and they came from
-the hands of their Maker just as good as the
distinguished Senator from Kentucky. I refer
to him simply because I happen to see him in
my view 5 not .that I would compare their igno-
rance with'his high learning, his eminentabil-
ity, his long experience, and his great distinc-
tion, not only ass lawyer but as a civilian and
-statesman. I refer to it only to illustrate the
-position which I assume.
Mr. President the signs of the times are not
ominous to me;- Secession, it may be, will
raise its face around the Senate Chamber, but
the decree has gone forth that now and for all
time freedom is the rule, and all constitutions,
all laws, all government, and all institutions
must conform tothactrnle. Six years ago, in
the State -which I now represent, I was the
only person in favor of universal suffrage. I
did not expect to see that grand consummation
«o soon, and it has taken me by surprise, but
the revolution is complete; There is no oppo-
sition now; it is decided, and henceforth, sir,
do not be afraid of decisions of the Supreme
Court; do not be afraid of the action of legis-
lative bodies, for judges, like politicians, smell
the breeze afar off and conform their opinions
to it. Bat, sir, whether the Supreme Court
stands in the way or not, there is & spirit and
a power in this enlightened age which will
compel conformity to troth, right, justice, and
liberty. The'day will come when the Deed
Scott decision will almost twhiing np as a
momiment of hatred for the people of the
United States, when the: old decisions in Ken-
tacky and Illinois and other States in the inter-
est of slavery will fade away, because "truth
is mighty and will prevail." God rules and
justice shall prevail.
Mr. President, we must have one standard
of American citizenship. We cannot have it
with the jurisdiction of fifty or a hundred States
in full play and operation. They cannot agree;
some will exclude one class and some another.
But, sir, now there is not a free 8tate—I am
not talking particularly about the slave States
"the constitution of which haB one Telio or pfcr-
