16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
this is not a question of privilege, and that the
resolution cannot be entertained without a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. PAINE. I move to suspend the rules
in order that the resolution may be entertained.
Mr. ELBRIDGE. I hope the rules will be
suspended, because this resolution is the best
thing that ever came from my colleague, [Mr.
Paine.] [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. I demand the yeas and nays
on suspending the rules.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. PAINE. If not too late I will withdraw
the resolution.
Mr. COX. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] has a right to withdraw the
resolution, and it is not now before the House.
Mr. COX. I desire to renew the resolution
as coming from this side of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] has not the floor for that
purpose.
free basking system.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced* a bill (H. R. No. 425) supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to provide
a national currency secured by pledge of Uni-
ted States bonds, audi to provide for the cir-
culation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 1864, and for the purpose of establish-
ing a free banking system; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency.
pork and beef packing.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. It. No. 426) to construe that
part of the internal revenue laws relative to
manufactures so as to exempt pork and beef
packing from being classed as a manufacture;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
harbors in michigan.
Mr. PERRY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. It. No. 427) making appro-
priations for. certain harbors in the State of
Michigan; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Cpmmittee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
soldiers' monument in illinois.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. It. No. 428) to aid in building
a soldiers' monument at Mound City, Illinois;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ee pom ok the secretary of tiie treasury.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I understand that the an-
nual report of the Secretary of the Treasury
has not been disposed of.
The SPEAKER. It is upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that it be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK, (at
three o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
the passage of a law whereby the medical offi-
cers of the Navy shall hold position therein as
line officers.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: The petition
of Stephen M. Blake, .of Sauk county, Wiscon-
sin, for a pension.
Also, the petition of John T. Harrison, late
of the third regiment Wisconsin, volunteer in-
fantry, for back pension.
Also, the petition of Charles Hudson, of
Grant county, Wisconsin, for relief.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of
E. Morton, Jesse Oatman, and.others, of Dun-
dee, Illinois, for repeal of duty on hides.
Also, the petition of A. Ball and others, of
Malta, Illinois, for the same purpose.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of J. M.
Nevins, Jacob Marrs, William H. Dickey, and
180 others, of Barry county, Michigan, pray-
ing for the repeal of the duty on hides and
leather.
By Mr. KERR: The petition of A. G.
Latham, Thomas W. Walker, and others, for
removal of tariff duties on imported coals, &c.
By Mr. N1BLACK: The memorial of Mor-
gan, Bead & Co., and a number of others,
citizens of Evansville, Indiana, praying for the
abolition or reduction of the duty on hides.
Also, the memorial of John S. Stuckey and
109 others, citizens of Evansville, Indiana,
making the same request.
By Mr. PACKARD: A petition of citizens
of Michigan City, Indiana, for the removal of
duties on hides.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A remonstrance of 9
citizens of the ninth district of Kentucky
against the admission of John W. Rice to a
seat in the Forty-First Congress.
.By Mr. TWICHELL: The memorial of Mrs.
C. Lanber.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of J. C.
Delamaterand 18 others, soldiers of the war of
1812, for pensions.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of Robert
II. Browne, praying for a pension.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The petition of
Ann Milne, mother of Joseph S. Milne, late a
second lieutenant in the first regiment Rhode
Island light infantry in the late war, praying
for a pension.
Also, the petition of John North, United j
States consul at Hilo, Hawaiian Islands, for
compensation for past services.
Also, a resolution adopted at a meeting of
the South Bristol Medical Society, favoring
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 7, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
Hon. William Spkagce, from the State of
Rhode Island, and Hon. Thomas F. Bayard,
from the State of Delaware, appeared in their
seats to-day.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of State,
asking an appropriation for publishing the laws
of the United States passed at the first ses-
sion of the Forty-First Congress; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Surgeon General, communicating a copy
of a contract made with the Providence Hos-
pital for the care of transient paupers during
the year ending June 30, 1870; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a letter from the executive
secretary of the State of Connecticut, inclosing
an act of the Legislature of that State author-
izing the cession of all interests of that State
in the Soldiers' National Cemetery at Gettys-
burg ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the petition
of Mr. J. H. Merrill, a volunteer in the Mex-
ican wai> asking relief, and move that it lie on
the table, to go to the Committee on Claims
when that committee shall be constituted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table until the committees are appointed.
Mr. CORBETT. I hold in my band a peti-
tion from a number of citizens of the State of
Oregon, and also of the Territory of Washing-
ton, in relation to the tax on canned salmon.
They set forth that the tax upon shell-fish and
upon preserved meats and preserved fruits has
been removed, but by some mistake canned
fish were not included, and so canned salmon
are now taxed. 1 believe that Oregon and
Washington Territory, and perhaps Maine, are
the only States interested in this subject. These
petitioners ask that the tax on canned salmon
be removed. They say that the same reasons
which induced Congress to remove the other
tax ought in justice to induce them to remove
this tax also. It is a great burden to them to -
be compelled to affix stamps as now required,
and as they conceive it is unjust. In connec-
tion with this subject I shall presently ask leave
to introduce a bill and at the proper time
move its reference to the Committee on
Finance. . ,
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of a
committee appointed by a convention of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying a grant of certain
lands to the Tennessee and Coosa railroad the
same as originally granted by the act^of Con-
gress approved June 3, 1856; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
bills introduced.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 290) to secure and protect the
freedom of transit within the United States;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask leave to intro-
duce a bill, without previous notice, entitled
a bill (S. No. 291) to encourage and promote
the International and Industrial Exhibition to .
be held in Washington city in the year 1871.
The bill is accompanied by a memorial signed
by O. O. Howard, W. W. Corcoran, II. D,
Cooke, and twenty-four other leading citizens
of Washington, which I shall ask to have
printed and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia as soon as that commit-
tee shall be appointed.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce the bill ; which was read twice by
its title, and ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 292) to authorize and provide for a build-
ing suited to the use of the post office, the
revenue officers, and the judicial officers of
the United States in the city of Leavenworth,
in the State of Kansas; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 293) to amend an act entitled "An act to
protect all persons in the United States in their
civil rights and to furnish the means of their
vindication," passed April 9, 1866 ; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 294)
to reorganize the medical, pay, and engineer
corps of the United States Navy, and to regu-
late and fix their absolute rank, uniform, &c.;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on tlie table, and be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, anji by unanimous
consent -obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 295) to amend the banking law and
to promote the resumption of specie payments;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. At the proper time I shall
ask the reference of this bill to the Committee
on Finance; and if lean have the attention
of my honorable friend, the chairman of that
committee, I should like now, as I have ven-
tured to introduce the bill, to specify for his
consideration seven different reasons in favor
of it. It will take me only one minute.
_Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
bill read if the Senator has no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; 1 should like
to have it read. I think it is an important
proposition. It is very brief, consisting of
only one section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the bill in full.
