314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[ March 31,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Schenck.
41st Cong.... 2d Sess.
the grasping avarice of private corporations—
I do not appeal to Democrats, for I trust, sir,
that when the rights of labor and of laboring
men are involved there can be no divisions on
this side of the House; but I appeal to the
Republican members of this House, the power-
ful majority. My friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] has just handed me a copy of
the New York Evening Post of April 22, 1870,
a ilepublican journal of high character, edited
by one of the purest and best men in the Union,
from which I ask the Clerk to read the extract
which I have marked. Let us see what is the
opinion of the Republican press. The article
has special reference to the Northern Pacific
Railway Company, which, with its grant of
forty-seven million acres, inhere clamoring for
more.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The Northern Pacific Itaihcaf) JIM.—Tho Senate
yesterday passed tho Northern Pacific railroad bill
by an unexpected majority—40 to 10, Twenty-two
Senators v.'cro absent upon an occasion when legis-
lation involving nearly one hundred million dollars
in public lands was before them.
' But the bill will moctwith determined opposition
in the House, and if dofcated there it will decido tho
late of all similar schemes for the session. After the
Present Congress the country has little to fear from
speculations in land Brunts, for the attention of the
pooplo has been drawn to tho sacrilico of tho na-
tional domain, and they will make their intcrosts and
views folt in tho olections. The Republican party,
at least, cannot afford 10 boar tho reproach of sus-
taining men who luakouso of their position in Con-
gress to further tho private business enterprises of
themsolves, their partners, brothors, or l'rionds.
" Wo do not mean to assert that this particular bill
is to ba regarded as nmoro 'job,' or is prompted by
improper influences. Tho corporators are jrnn t i mncn
of public spirit, and tho work is ono of national im-
portance. But tho appropriation of public lands and
of public money to aid private enterprises cannot bo
justified, ft is a violation of principle, a,n(l opons
the way for endless abuses. The practice must bo
stopped or a bankrupt Treasury will disgiaoo tho
country and aidant land monopoly check its growth."
Mr. ITOLMAN. I appeal to the powerful
majority of this House lo save tliepublic lands
from the curse of monopoly. 1 have before me
a letter written by an intelligent gentleman who
is familiar with the country through which tho
road now under consideration passes. He
says it is the_ most valuable timbered land west
of tho Mississippi, and skirts the Columbia
river, navigable for an ocean steamer. But,
I repeat, I do not make special opposition to
this particular measure. Iudeed, if thero was
any measure appropriating public land to pri-
vate parties for railroad purposes for which 1
should vote I certainly should not specially
oppose this bill. I should not willingly an I ag-
onize any measure supported by my excellent
friend from Oregon, [Mr. Smith.] Parties in
Oregon, however, and the State of Oregon
have received already three to four million
acres of the public land.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. 1 hope the gen-
tleman will permit mo to make a statement on
that point just now.
Mr. HOLMAN. T will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I wish to state on
that point that on paper the State of Oregon
has received a large land grant, when in reality
the amount which the company will receive
under that grant as it stands upon the statute-
book will be less than one quarter of the grant
on paper. The road runs through a thickly-
settled country, where most of the land has
been taken up already. The law confines the
company within certain limits. I repeat tho
statement that not more than one quarter of
the land granted to that company under that
law will be received, and that one quarter will
consist principally of mountain land. That is i
ail I have to say.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I find from
the report of the Commissioner the grants
made to Oregon during the last ten years
amount to 3,473,000 acres. The Northern
Pacific railway, the road referred to in the
article in the New York Evening Post, is ask-
ing for an additional graut of land. The
Oregon branch of that road even now will
secure to that company at least four million
acres of land in Oregon. The North Pacific
bill, if it passes this House, will still further
increase the amount of land granted to that
corporation in the State of Oregon, and make
the amount, if I am correctly informed, some
seven million acres. But it is not against this
particular measure that I raise my voice.
I protest against the whole policy of land
grants to favored parties, no matter what the
pretense. 1 say, on the authority of an intelli-
gent gentleman that you have granted to your
favorites lands enough, without a dollar of
other subsidy to build, with prudent manage-
ment, every road you have authorized to be
built, and leave them in addition an imperial
possession of lands. Youhave granted enough
to tho Northern Pacific Railway Company,
without reference to their pending-bill, to build
two roads from Lake Superior to Puget sound,
and still they are here demanding more. The
grants of these lauds have been sufficiently
large already to build every road which could
be claimed upon any conceivable ground of
public interest or public convenience, and give
at the same time princely fortunes to these
special favorites of Congress.
Sir, my point against this bill is that it is pari,
of a general policy ; that it is the first bill of
a series which proposes to appropriate hun-
dreds of millions of acres of public lands,
sought to be forced through this House by
eombimuioiis which ha\e grown stronger day
by day, by combining interests—not public in-
terests, butthc interests of private fortune—for
the sellish aggrandizement of the few at the
expense of the whole people, I protest, against
this monopoly of the public lands in the name
ol every laboring man in America. I protest
against it m the name of every laboring man
who comes with his wife and children to our
shores, fleeing from the curse of land monopoly
in the Old World to rest under the shelter of
equal laws in the New. I protest against this
policy in the name of the shadowy future, the
generations that are crowding upon us, for
whom your policy will ripen like the fruit upon
the Dead sea, givingthem a land teeming with
opulence—opulence and corrupting luxury for
the lew, for the great multitude poverty and
wretchedness; the melancholy lesson of his-
tory again repented. L know that your policy
will increase the wealth of this country. If it
were not so these lobbyists would not be here.
You will increase tho aggregate of the wealth
of the nation, but it will be the wealth which
builds palaces and fills the whole land with the
sigh of labor struggling for relief. The true
wealth of a nation and its only glory is a virtu-
ous, laborious, and contented people.
I protest against this policy because it is at
war with every just idea of republican govern-
ment. It strikes a subtle and fatal blow at the
just equality of our people; it is the appro-
priating to individual citizens what belongs to
a whole people ; it is robbing the laboring man
of his rightful hetitage; it closes upon him the
door to a career of honorable ambition ; it will
exclude multitudes from the pursuit of agri-
culture, of all employments the one most favor-
able to a free government, where the plow is
in the hands of its owner. I protest against
it, sir, if I may do so without irreverence, in
the name of the common Father of us all,
whose justice and benevolence and mercy are
outraged by granting to men who do not labor
the bountiful gift of His providence, and rob-
bing the laboring man of the fertile fields which
would have yielded to his free and hopeful
labor the best fruits of the earth. I protest
against it in the name of humanity, which it
outrages by an unjust discrimination, and of
the right of man to labor and enjoy the fruits
of his labor without dividing with the crafty or
being robbed under the color of an unnatural
law. i protest against this, the most hateful
of the aristocratic policies of the effete mon-
archies, favoritism in Government, oppressing
multitudes for the benefit of the few. I pro-
test against it in the name of the whole people,
who demand from their Government equal and
exact justice for all.
Sir, if the policy which was so nobly im
pressed on the early history of our country, and
expressed in the words of that gFand old Re-
publican of the last age, Andrew Jackson, that
it is not in a splendid Government, supported
by powerful monopolies and aristocratic estab-
lishments that our people will find happiness
or their liberties protection, but in aplainsys-
tem, void of pomp, protecting all and granting
favors to none, could inspire the deliberations
of this House as it did the hearts of ourfathers,
these attempts to amass fortunes by inflicting
wretchedness upon a whole people would meet
with a prompt and signal rebuke.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. 11. C. SCHENCK,
OF OHIO,
1\ the House op Representatives,
March :il, 1870.
Tin) llouto being in Committoo of tho AVllole on
tho state of the Union, and having under consider-
ation the bill (II. R. N0.IO08) to amond existing laws
relating to tho duty on imports, and for other pur-
poses-
Mr. SCHENCK said :
Mr. Chairman : I know that members are
tired of this discussion, and I know they will
welcome tho notice I give, that so far as the
Committee of Ways and Means and I, as the
representative of that committee, its chairman,
are concerned, we propose now to bring this
general debate to a conclusion.
'There has been much said, and a great deal
of it said with ability—exceedingly well said,
111 the course of the long debate we have had ;
but gentlemen must pardon me if I remark
that a large portion of the matter of which the
speeches that have been submitted consists has
hud but little application to the question really
before us. Gentlemen have talked '' about the
generality of things in general," instead of
confining themselves to " the particularity of
particular things in _ particular." These are
western phrases, which gentlemen from that
part of the country well understand. will
explain.
A tariff bill is necessarily one of details, and
the most profitable discussion of it, therefore,
if you admit the propriety of having any tariff
at all, will be that which treats of the various
clauses and items of which the bill proposed
to be enacted into a law is composed. It is a
consideration of not one but many different
subjects. I look, therefore, for the most use-
ful debate we are to have in that collision of
opinion and comparison and interchange of
views which will come when we proceed to
consider the bill before us clause by clause and
item by item. Up to this time, gentlemen have
been engaged at long range, firing at each
other with their heavy artillery from a distance.
But it must 110 w be a close fight, hand to hand—
a struggle foe each separate position and foot
of ground, it there be such decided differences
as to particulars as some apprehend we shall
find. Our real strength is to be tried on de-
tails.^ Yet, Mr. Chairman, I am not sure that
we shall discover, as we progress from point
to point, as much antagonism as seems to be
expected.
Tho speeches which have been made have
generally been presented by gentlemen as em-
bodying their views in regard to free trade on
