8216
THE CONGBESSIOJSAXf
May 4,
ator will oaly devote his great abilities to the
preservation of his own party, without suggest-
ing anything in reference to what the Demo-
cratic party will do, I think he will find that ho
will have cuougli to do.
Sir, when the Democratic party comes into
power, as it will iu the course of time, it will
announce its own policy through its own organs.
The Senator's party, although shaping its legis-
lation aud enacting its measures with a view
to a perpetual existence, is bound to give way ;
some other party must take its place; and that
v. ill be the party which made the country what
it is, and kept it what it is, the old Democratic
party. I hope my friend will confine himself
in future to the expression of views as to the
purposes and objects of liis own party. I am
perfectly satisfied that he is acquainted with
them, aud I wish he would tell us fully all
about thero, all that they design, and not keep
anything back. He will pardon the suggestion
that he is in no situation, from association or
otherwise, to know our purposes and our
designs.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I will 
Mr. HARLAN. I rise to a question of
order. I think the original understanding was
to consider bills that could be considered with-
out discussion, or with discussion not to extend
over five minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent.
Mr. HARLAN. I object to the further con-
sideration of this bill.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection for a moment.
Mr. THAYER. This is rather an interest-
ing diversion, and I hope the Senator from
Iowa will allow the debate to proceed.
Mr. HARLAN. I know it is interesting;
but I am very anxious to get at several bills
which! have referred to before, but have failed
to get considered on account of the desire of
the Senate to execute its order with regard to
the Caleadar, I am not willing that this dis-
cussion shall go on. If the Senate can come
to a vote on the pending bill I am perfectly
willing to agree ,to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Iowa makes the point, the Senate will
pass from the farther consideration of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I do make it* unless a vote
can be taken without further discussion.
ORDBB OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
does make the point, and the Senate passes
from the consideration of the bill. It is not
now before the Senate. The bill abolishing
the franking privilege is now before the Sen-
ate, the Calendar having been concluded, and
that being the first special order.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to postpone all
prior orders with a view to taking up Senate
bill No. 529.
Mr. MORTON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Indiana objects.
Mr. HARLAN. A majority of the Senate
can take up the bill.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a question of
order. Is it not now in order to take up those
bills which have been laid aside informally?
Was not that the understanding ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order of the
Senate, under which they have been acting
some eight or nine days, was that no other busi-
ness should be transacted until the Calendar
was gone through with. The Calendar has. been
gone through with. The bills passed over
informally have to be called up by unanimous
consent the same as all other bills.
Mr. THAYER. Are they subject to an
objection ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have been
passed over, and the order having been exe-
cuted, the Senator from Iowa moves to take
Hp another bill.
Mr. THAYER. They were passed over with
a view to being called up before this order was
disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was not so
stated. They were passed over informally,
and some of them have been reached during
the progress of the Calendar; but the Chair
thinks the rigorous order under which the Sen-
ate has been acting has now exhausted itself,
the foot of the Calendar having been reached.
The Senator from Iowa is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I move to pass over the
special order, the bill to abolish the franking
privilege, with a view of reaching the second
special, order, the bill to enforce the fifteenth
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I of course am willing to
agree to that, for it is my motion with the ex-
ception of the latter clause of the honorable
Senator's motion. I desire it to bo passed
over with a view of taking up the bill for the
sale of the Osage Indian lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Iowa was to postpone the
present and all other orders for the purpose
of considering the bill he has namea. If a
; division is demanded, the first questiou will be
on the postponement, and the next on taking
up the bill he has indicated.
Sir. RAMSEY. I ask for a division of the
motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator if he
will not allow a bill to be taken up which was
passed over informally on the Calendar? It is
a bill in relation to a railroad that run3 out
west of Iowa. I believe all the railroad bills
have been passed pretty much with this excep-
tion. It seems a little hard that this bill should
be excluded from the operation of the order,
while all other bills of a similar nature should
be passed.
Mr. THAYER. Was that laid aside in-
formally? /
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir; it was passed
over. It is Senate bill No. 477, reported by
the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomehoy] from
the Committee on Public Lands.
. Mr. THAYER. I should like to submit this
question to the Chair for information: what do
we gain by having a bill laid aside informally
if we are deprived of the right to call it up
before this rule of proceeding with the Calen-
dar is dispensed with?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ruled
on several days when the present occupant was
in the Chair, that during the execution of this
order bills which were passed over informally
Could be taken up, although they had been
passed over informally, before the conclusion
of the Calendar. They were subject to be
called up the next day. Some were laid over
until the next day for the purpose of obtaining
some further information. Bat when the foot
of the Calendar was reached the operation of
the order ceased, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. THAYER. Then some of us were act-
ing under a misapprehension. We ought to
have called up our bills before the last one on
the Calendar was reached.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
have called up the bills passed over informally
if no Senator had risen to another question
for the transaction of other business. The
question now is on the motion of the Senator
from Iowa. The bill to abolish the franking
privilege is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed with the consideration of that bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that question, I am
disposed to stand by my friend from Minne-
sota, and get that troublesome question out
of the way if possible. No one will want to
discuss it, especially as it has been stated in
the Senate to-day that there only two or three
Senators here in favor of the bill, while a large
majority will oppose it. On the face of that
statement I should like to have a vote on the bill,
so as to dispose of it and get it out of the way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa withdraw his motion ?
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot do so ; aud if the
Senate will pardon me I will state a reason
which I think will be sufficient to control the
judgment of every member of the Senate. On
these Osage lands thero are now settled, I
suppose, over twenty thousand white people.
Alarge part of the Indians are still on the lands.
The Indians and whites are commingling there.
There is danger ot' absolute conflict between
the Indians and the white people, so great a
danger that the Government has sent, as 1
understand, two companies of United States
troops there to preserve the peace. Every-
body knows that it costs the Government about
a million dollars a year to keep on foot a regi-
ment of soldiers. That is about a thousand
dollars l'or each soldier kept on foot. To keep
two companies of troops on these Osage lands
to preserve the peace will cost the Government
at the rate of not less than $200,000 per an-
num, besides running the risk of bloodshed.
Mr. MORTON. Is this debate in order?
The bill is objected to.
Mr, HARLAN. It is competent for a major-
ity of the Senate, as I understand the Chair
has ruled, to take up the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A majority of
the Senate can postpone the present and all
other orders, special orders included, aud pro-
ceed to the consideration of any bill that is
moved by a Senator who obtains the floor.
The Senator from Iowa moves to postpone the
present and all other orders for the purpose of
considering the bill providing for the sale of
the Osage Indian lands. The Senator from
Kansas demand? a division of the question.
If the first part of the motion should be voted
down, the bill to abolish the franking privilege
will be before the Senate as the special order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
motion 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not amend-
able. That has been repeatedly decided in the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to make
an inquiry. I wish to know if the motion to
postpone prevails, whether a motion will then
be in order to proceed to the consideration of
the legislative and executive appropriation bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be, if
the latter part of the motion of the Senator
from Iowa, to proceed to the consideration of
the other bill, fails; but it has been repeatedly
ruled in the Senate by the predecessors of the
present occupant of the chair that a motion
to proceed to the consideration of any bill is
| not amendable. It is an independent motion
] standing by itself, and to be acted upon by
itself and not subject to amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I understand the Chair to
! decide that the bill to abolish the franhing
privilege is now before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. RAMSEY. And a proposition is made
to set it aside ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first part
of the motion of the Senator from Iowa is to
postpone the present and all other orders, and
if that prevails the second part is to proceed
to the consideration of the bill in relation to
the Osage Indian lands. The question is on
the first part of the motion of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. STEWART, I should like to inquire,
if the.motion prevails what will be before the
Senate—the bill of the Senator from Iowa?
The VICE PRESIDENT, the latter part
of the motion of the, Senator from Iowa will
then be before the Senate, to be decided in
the affirmative or negative. If that should
fail, then a motion to ..proceed to the consider-
ation of any other bill would be before the
Senate, to be decided by a majority vote.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion; for I want the responsibility
put uppn, the Senate and not on myself for
any bloodshed that may grow out of the delay
in acting on this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
