5104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
sible owner. Suppose it is spread around so
as to bring it below $2,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is impracticable in
every way. I have studied this matter, and I
assure the Senate it is utterly impracticable.
I could give a hundred cases if we had the
time to argue it.
Mr. SCOTT. At an early period of the ses-
sion, when the resolution construing the income
tax law was before the Senate, I prepared an
amendment to meet this very class of cases and
gave notice of it at the time. I will send it to
the Chair to be read, and perhaps the Senator
from Delaware will accept it as a substitute
for his amendment. I think it probably meets
some of the objections that have been made.
This is an injustice that ought to be provided
against.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania will
be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That if any person holding,'either in his
or her own right, or as guardian, trustee, executor,
or administrator, or in any fiduciary capacity, any
stock, policies, deposits, bonds, or other evidences
of indebtedness, upon the dividends, undistributed
sums, interest, or coupons, of which a tax is directed
to be levied, collected, and paid by the officors of
corporations, shall, and do, declare under oath or
affirmation, before the assessor or assistant assessor
of the district in which he or she resides, in such form
as shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, that ho, she, his, or her ward or bene-
ficiary, is not possessed of an income of $2,000 liable
to be assessed under the provisions of said sections;
and if the assessor or assistant assessor shall be sat-
isfied of the truth of such declaration ho shall deliver
a certificate td that effect to such party or trustee,
the production of which certificate to the officers re-
quired to collect such tax and its deposit with them
shall exempt such dividends, undistributed sums,
interest, or coupons from said tax, andthoy shall bo
paid to the party entitled thereto without deduction
of tax.
Mr. BAYARD. I accept that amendment;
and as it seems to be more comprehensive and
much more cafefully drawn than this hasty
amendment of my own, I trust it may do away
with this plea of inconvenience, the very weakest
argument that could be urged to a law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, 1 will state that the
Committee on Finance examined that very
proposition of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
It was sent to the committee with another prop-
osition, and I say it is utterly impracticable.
It allows an assistant assessor to receive the
oath of any person, it may be a thousand miles
away from the place where the money is paid
to the United States, and upon that simple affi-
davit the money must be refunded to a given
amount to that person, without any check or
restraint.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The ques-
tion is on the amendment, as modified.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the amendment. This
very proposition exhibits the enormity of this
whole system of income tax.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the amendment be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I read that amendment
attentively at the desk, and I have listened to
its reading attentively. There is nothing in
the world in the objection that it is even diffi-
cult to enforce. It is precisely the system which
prevails in nearly every State in this Union in
regard to people owning property in different
counties that is liable to assessment. I speak
now of the state of the law where a person is
liable to be assessed in the county of his resi-
dence for all the property that he owns in the
State, or liable to be assessed for it in the county
where the property is situated. If it happens
that he has paid the tax in one county or in
more counties, where he owns property in more
counties than one, he gets a certificate allowing
that fact, and upon exhibiting it to the assessor
of his residence or the tax collectorof his resi-
dence he is entitled to be discharged from any
liability as to that property in the county of
his residence. That is precisely the principle
which the Senator from Pennsylvania has com-
pletely embodied in this amendment of his.
The Senator from Ohio spoke of affidavits
taken anywhere. The Senator from Ohio could
not have noticed that this amendment speaks
of an affidavit before the very same officer who
is authorized to take any proof in regard to the
income tax—the assessor or the deputy assessor
of the district where he lives. He is the same
officer before whom the general affidavit in
respect to income tax has to be made. Is that'
an ex parte affidavit? Is that an affidavit made
anywhere in tho State? No; it is the very
same officer and the very same oath provided
for by the law generally in respect to income
generally. If he and it can be trusted for the
general purpose of the tax, why cannot he and
it be trusted for the special purpose?
The truth is, Mr. President, that among the
many odious features of this law this is per-
haps the very one which has served the most
to outrage the just sensibilities of the people.
Is there any reason because a person holds
stock in a corporation that he should be put in
a worse position than one who does not, who
has his property elsewhere ? Why should he
not be entitled to an exemption of $2,001)?
There is nothing unfair in that; and I say it
seems to me, with all respect to the contrary
judgment of Senators who have declared them-
selves the other way, the idlest thing in the
world to say that it is impracticable in the face
of the system which has prevailed successfully
in the States in reference to taxes.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FOWLER (when his name was called)
said: I have paired with the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] on the subject of the
income tax. I suppose the pair would extend
to this question, although I do not know how
ho would vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Sen-
ator must be the judge of that for himself.
Mr. THAYER, (after having voted in the
negative.) I agreed to pair off on the subject
of the income tax with the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis.] I do not know whether
the pair extends to this question; but being
paired with him, I desire to withdraw my vote
on this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's vote will be withdrawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Chair to
have the Senators who have not voted and who
have come in called, so that they may answer
to their names.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Several Sen-
ators have not voted.
Mr. SCOTT. Perhaps I should state before
the vote is announced that the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Pool] requested me to
announce that on this subject he was paired
with the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Gilbert.]
The Senator from North Carolina would vote for
the income tax, and the Senator from Florida
would vote against it.
The result was then announced—yeas 14,
nays 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casscrly, Hamilton of
Maryland, McCreery, Robertson. Ross, Schurz, Scott,
Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, and
Willcy—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Corbott, Cra-
gin, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Hamlin, Harlan, Har-
ris, Howe, Howell, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont,
Ooborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Sherman, Spencer,
Stewart. "Williams, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames,Boreman,Brown-
low. Buckingham,Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Colo,
Conkling, Davis, Kerry, Elanagan, Fowler, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Howard, Johnston, Kellogg,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Nye, Pat-
terson, Pool, Pra,tt, Revels, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and Yates—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. VICKERS. I ask leave to withdraw
my vote. I had paired on this subject with the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Abbott,]
but I had forgotten it at the moment. I there-
fore ask leave to withdraw my vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is impossible after
the result has been announced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^The Senator
can only withdraw his vote by unanimous con-
sent. ' Is there any objection ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I object. The Senator'g
statement is sufficient to show that he voted
inadvertently, and it does not change the result.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, it cannot be done.
Mr. WARNER. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That in all eases where
tobacco is required to be put up in wooden packages,
as provided by section sixty-two of an act entitled
"An act imposing duties on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and for other purposes," approved July 20,
1S68, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue to allow thosame to be put up in metallic
packages: jProvided, That they shall be constructed
with such corrugations for receiving and protect-
ing the rovenuo stamps as tho Commissioner may
approve.
I will explain in a word what this amend-
ment means. Under the law now, tobacco is
required to be put up in wooden packages
only. This amendment is limited to tobacco.
It is claimed that it can be put up in tin boxes
with wooden headings more economically and
better for the tobacco, and the freight is
cheaper. I have before me a letter from the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, saying that
he has no objection to this, and I have altered
the amendment so as to simply make it law-
ful for the Commissioner to allow this to be
done, if he deems it proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I now renew the amend-
ment that I withdrew last night, to insert as
additional sections the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the 1st day of October, 1870, any goods, wares,
or merchandise, except wine, distilled spirits, explo-
sive and perishable articles arriving from foreign
countries at a port of the United States, which are
shown by the manifest of the importing vessel to bo
dostined for any city containing more than one hun-
dred and fifty thousand inhabitants in a oolleotion
district more interior than the port of original im-
portation, or destined for a place in either Europe,
Australia, or Asia, via the United States, may be
immediately conveyed to their destination, in the
manner prescribed by this act.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That any-rail-
road, steamship, or transportation company or com-
panies, duly bonded in the manner now prescribed
by law for the transportation of foreign merchandise
in bond, be, and are hereby, authorized to demand
and receive from the collector of the port of arrival,
and to deliver to the collector of the port of final
destination in tho United States, any merchandise
imported in the manner described in the foregoing
section: Provided, That the said railroad, steamship,
or transportation company shall have previously
presented to the collector of the port where such
goods, wares, or merchandise are first landed "in tho
United States, an invoice of the same duly verified
by the consul of the United States residing at or
nearost the place of shipment, which invoice shall
be a quadruplicate copy of the invoice required by
the first section of an act entitled "An act to prevent
and punish frauds upon the revenue," &c., approved
March 81,1861, and shall also have previously exe-
cuted and given to the collector of the port of arrival
a good, sufficient, and satisfactory bond, in double
the value of said invoice, for the due delivery of the
said goods, wares, and merchandise, unopened, un-
changed, and intact, to the collector of the port of
their final destination in the United States, or tho
Secretary of the Treasury may, in his discretion,
accept from such railroad, steamboat, or transporta-
tion company, a general bond for such time not ex-
ceeding three months, in such amount, with snob
conditions and such security as he shall deem advisa-
ble, with authority at any time to require additional
security: Provided further. That merchandise in tran-
sit from Asia and Australia so transported and des-
tined for Europe shall be delivered by sueh com-
pany into the custody of the collector of a port oil
the Atlantic sea.-board of the United States, and
may thereupon bo exported by said company from
such custody to Europe in the manner now pre-
scribed by law; and merchandise intended for Asia
or Australia shall be in like manner delivered to and
exported from tho custody of the collector of a port
on the Pacific sea-board of the United States.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That upon the
receipt of the goods, wares, and merchandise, and
of the invoice and bond named and described in the
foregoing soctions of this act, the collector of tho
port of original importation shall ascertain ail tho
marks and numbers, and also the exact weight and
precise dimensions of each and every case or pack-
age of said merchandise, and shall transmit a detailed
statement thereof to the oolleotor of the port in tho
United States for which the said merchandise is
finally destined, and shall thereupon deliver tho
