1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3217
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to mention a reason
wh'v. personally, I do uot desire that the Sen-
ate should proceed with the franking bill to-day.
1 have given notice of a substitute, and I did
not expect that it would be proceeded with to-
dav. ami ' anl not r« dy to consider it. It is
a substitute presenting a series of amendments
to our whole postal system, on which I wish
to speak. As I say, I am not ready now.
Therefore I hope the bill will not be pressed
to da?.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator will observe
thai it is  ow nearly lour o'clock, and we shall
not progress very far with it to-day if we take
" Mr. SUMNER. Then why take it up? If
*re are going to transact any business to-day
lei it he that of the Senator from Iowa, or lei
us begin on the appropriation bill.
Mr. S1EW ART. Or on the bill to enforce
the fifteenth amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator
from Minnesota that he withdraw his opposi-
tion and let the bill of the Senator from Iowa
tw ceiled up. We can dispose of it to-nigbt
and have it out of the way, and then the Sen-
ator's b:ll will come up.
Mr. RAMSEY. If there could be a general
understanding to that effect I would not object.
Mr. WILSON. This is a very important
bill, and it should be disposed of. The inter-
ests of peace, order, law, and justice demand it.
Mr. STEWART. la it any more important
than the bill to enforce the fifteenth amend-
neut?
IIr. WILSON. The bill of the Senator from
Iowa is very important just now, and it can
probably be disposed of in twenty minutes.
Mr. MORTON. They are all important.
Mr.POMEItOY. The bill to which the Sen-
ator from Iowa refers has been read, and it is
on'v necessary to take the vote on its passage.
ftie VICE 'PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will again submit the ques-
tion to the Senate on the motion of the Sena-
tor from Iowa.
Mr. HOWE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I want to say one word in jus-
tification of the step I have taken. I certainly
do not wish to prejudice or delay the bill urged
by the Senator from Iowa. I concede that there
are very few bills on the Calendar which ought
to be passed at all that ought not in strict pro-
priety to be considered as early or earlier than
the bill which stands now*a special order. But
this Congress has been so long abused upon the
allegation of its u'ter insincerity ; it has so long
been held up to the country as holding out
merely the hope, making the pretense of a pur-
pose to repeal or to abolish this privilege, as
they will have it, of franking letters and frank-
ing books and franking newspapers, that if ii
is possible to rebut that allegation I want it
doue. I want that done as an aet of justice to
our own characters. W e have character enough
le!t to be worth preserving. We cannot afford
to di3count any more of it; and I do not know
«vt any better way to take eareof that little relic
t-aa to jnst bring this matter to an issoe; and
tnerefore I want a vote of the Senate on that
question.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to observe that 1
do not think we shall benefit our characters
much by sacrificing the public business; and
that I understand is the proposition which my
lriend from Wisconsin now sustains. Here
are public interests represented by my friend
™ l°wa, represented by my other friend,
«ie Senator from Maine, and now by the
^enatorlrom Nevada. I am for considering
these measures, each of them, before I con-
E,' er a measure merely to take care of my
Character.
Mr. HOWE. Well, Mr. President, I con-
es® that 1 could not recommend the Senator
rom Massachusetts to postpone anything for
the
purpose of taking care of his character,
a"d I have not so profound a regard for my
41st Coxg. 2r> Sess.—2so. 202.
own as to propose to sacrifice the public busi-
ness for tb# purpose of taking care of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is public business.
Mr. HOWE. I propose to discharge all my
duties to the public, and I conceive that one |
of them is to pass this bill. I do not propose
to sacrifice any other measure. I propose to
sit here until the 1st of December next, if it
be necessary, to consider every measure. The
only question now is whether we shall act upon
this bill, which we have put at the head of the
Calendar. We have given it that place. We
did so when we were professing a desire to
pass it. We have been told over and over
again that we were making believe. I do not
know whether we were or not. For one, I
was uot; and when I voted to place it there
I voted to place it there because I wanted it to
pass. I have struggled for the passage of this
bill whenever I have had an opportunity to do
it. I did it in the last Congress. 1 propose to
do it now. I suppose the Senate is in earnest
in concurring with the House. Let us pass
this bill, and then we oan take up the bill of
the Senator from Iowa. But when this bill is
proposed to be postponed upon a notice, first,
that before it can be considered the bill of
the Senator front Iowa must be, and then all
the bills of the Committee on Appropriations,
and the bill represented by the Senator from
Nevada, aud every other bill, when that notice
is given to the country, there is some grouud
for thiuking that we have been making believe
all this time.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to say one word
in the way of appeal to the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin. If his wife and children were
living under the shadow of savages, and likely
to be massacred any day when he might leave
them without the protecting shelter of his own
arm, would he think it more important to pass
a bill that would not take effect lor two months
than to provide for their relief? That is the
firecise condition in which thousands Of people
iviog on these Osage lands we to-day. The
President has been compelled to send United
States troops there with a view of protecting
the white people who have crowded on to these
lands. The Senator knows very well, and every
citizen knows, that it is not the intention that
the franking privilege bill shall take effect until
the 1st of July next, two months in the future.
There will be am pie time to pass it, if it is in-
tended, indeed, by the Senate that it shall pass.
Mr. WILSON. There is uo doubt of its
passage.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose it will be passed
when we shall have an opportunity to vote
on it.
Agaiti, if these Indians are to be moved they
ought to be moved in tame to plant their crops.
• Two months hence corn platited will not ma-
ture. If this bill is tt  be pasfsed, if they are to
be lifted out from the white people aud sent to
their own country, it ought to be done within
the next thirty days.
Is it necessary that I should stand here and
appeal to the American Senate, after they have
passed through the regular order, and have
executed it, to take up this bill and pass it,
the effect of which will be to save human life,
when they know that these Indians are at the
very point of striking the white people who
are commingling among them, when they know
that the lives of the women and children are
at stake and involved in this issue?
Mr. HOWE. In answer to the appeal of
my lriend from Iowa, allow me to say with all
sincerity that, as far as I know myself, if my
wife and children were in that imminent danger
to which he has alluded I should not stop to
pass,either of these bills; and I am further
inclined to think that if my wife and children
were in that imminent danger I should not
have sat here very contentedly for two weeks
while we have been considering and passing
private bills. But inasmuch as those women
and children, whoever they are, could tolerate
our spending two weeks on the Private Calen-
dar, I do not know but that they may stand it
while we consider the bill which now stands at
the head of the Calendar of special orders.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator intends that
as a reflection on me. The Senator knows very
well, or he may know if he Will look at the
Globe, that; this is not the first appeal I have
made to. the Keuate to tako up this bill.
Mr. HO WE. I did not intend any word I
uttered to be a reflection on the Senator from
Iowa, and 1 do not think he can conteud that
any such reflection was contained in anything
I said.
Mr. YATES. I rise simply to speak a word
of comfort to ray friend from Wisconsin. I
think his character will not suffer much more
than it has. [Laughter.]
Mr. IIOWE. That is poor comfort.
Mr. YATES. He thinks we should have con-
sidered the bill for the abolition of the franking
privilege long ago. I have a sort of secret
desire, satisfaction, that the press of the coun-
try shall go on abusing Senators because they
do not want the bill abolishing the franking
privilege taken up; but wo know, as a matter
of fact, that that bill will have nearly every
vote in the Senate. It has not been delayed
except for pressing and important measures.
1 think the best policy would be to have an
understanding with the chairman of the Com
uiittee on Post Offices and Post lloads that
he may call up that bill on Monday, or some
other day next week, and let these other meas-
ures be passed in the mean time.
I have always been for the abolition of the
franking privilege ever sinfee boyhood. I re-
member an instance which may be of some
service to my friend, the Vice President, in tbo
chair. It gods away back to the days of my
boyhood, when the Vice President of the Uni-
ted States franked a package to his wife in
Kentucky; and when it was opened, or the
package was broken or worn off at the corners,
there were revealed a nice black silk dress and
other private and public documents [laughter]
from the Vice President to his wife. The Sen-
ators from Kentucky will remember the cir-
cumstance very well. We who were then bovs,
and fought for Clay against Jackson aud Van
Buren, ami especially against the Vice Presi-
dent, Colonel K. M. Johnson, remember that
fact. What the present Vice President, in the
abuse of the franking privilege, may have sent
we do not. know—-whether a primer, or a book,
or something of that kind to some of the young
Schuylers whose feet patter around the cabin
doors away out in the Hoosier State. These
things may have occurred; but he and all of
us will be for the immediate abolition; of the
franking privilege. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Post OfficeB and Post Roads is not
uneasy. He would just as soon you would
take this bill up next week as take it up now,
because he knows that be has the votes to puss
it. Scarcely a man here will raise his head to
vote against the abolitioaof, not the franking
privilege, but, against a tremendous burden to
himself and a nuisance to the country.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, as we have
but a few moments left, and as the passage of
the franking privilege bill seems to be assured,
I hope by common consent, withoutany oppo-
sition, the Senate will allow the taking up of
the Osage land bill and passing of it to-night.
We can pass il in a few moments I am confi-
dent. I ask unanimous consent to take up the
bill. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The" Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
to take up the Osagje Indian bill. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise for a moment to
ask a question of the Senator from Illinois.
He stated a historical fact about which I have
some doubt. I was under the impression that
the Vice President of that day had no wife.
How is it? He says he franked a package for
his wife.
Mr. YATES. I will reply to the Senator if
