li
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
The Secretary read as follows:
Be it enacted, &-c„ Thatso much of the banking act
pa limits the issue of bills to $300,000,000 is hereby
lepcalcd, and. existing banks may be enlarged and
new banks may be organized at the discretion of the
beeretary of the Treasury; bat no more bills than
nr& now. authorised by the banking act shall here-
alter be issued unless the Secretary of the '.Treasury
at the time ot their issue can and does cancel and
tii'Stroy ii like amount of legal tenders; and the
increase of bank bills hereby authorized shall not
exceed $o0,000,000 a. year, which amount shall bo so
uismbuted by tho Secretary of the Treasury a3 to
(jciua lizo as near as possible the banking interest of
the difierent States.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, I wish
at this moment merely to indicate the reasons
in favor of that proposition :
1. It will create a demand for national bonds,
and to this extent fortify the national credit.
2. It will tend to satisfy those parts of the
country, especially at the South and West,
where currency and banks are wanting, and
thus arrest a difficult question.
3. It will not expand or contract the cur-
rency, so that the opposite parties on these
questions may support it.
4. Under it the banks will gradually
strengthen themselves and prepare to resume
specie payments.
6. It will give the South and West the op-
portunity to organize banks, and will interest
those parts of the country to this extent in the
national securities and the national banking
system, by which both will be strengthened.
6. It will within a reasonable time relieve
the country of the whole greenback system,
and thus dispose of an important question.
7. It will hasten the return to specie pay-
ments.
Now, I believe every one of these reasons is
valid, and I commend them to my excellent
friend from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
on the table for the present, and be ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 296) to amend existing laws relating to
internal revenue; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 297) to create a port of entry and delivery
at Omaha, State of Nebraska; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 69) declaring the State
of Virginia restored to her normal relations to
the Union and Government of the TJnited
States, and entitled to representation in Con-
gress; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
APPOINTMENTS TO OFFICE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave to introduce
a bill of which I gave notice at the last session
of Congress.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S.
No. 298) to relieve members of Congress from
importunity and preserve the independence of
the Departments of the Government; which
was read the first time by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for tho second
reading of the bill at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read in full.
The Secretary read as follows:
Jin it enacted, That any member of Congress,
■ ii delegate ironi a Territory, who shall dircctly or
indirectly solicit or recommend the appointment to
oiheo by the President or the heads of Departments
any person, or who shall solicit or recommend the
t.niployment of any person in any of tho Executive
Departments, except such recommendation be in
wri'ing in response to a written reciuest troin the
President or head of a Department asking inform-
ation, or by a Senatorin giving Ins advice and consent
ill the manner provided in the Constitution, shall bo
guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction tbereot
shall be fined not exceeding W.000 for each offense.
And it shall not bo lawful for tho President or the
head of any'Department to appoint to ofhcc or em-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 2.
ploy in his Department any person who shall bo
hereafterdireotly orindireotly recommended therefor
by any memberof Congress, or Delegate from a J?er-
ritory, except in the manner hereinbefore excepted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, as that
bill will have to await the formation of the
committees before it can be referred, and is
perhaps of somewhat a novel character, I will
beg the attention of the Senate for a few mo-
ments while I briefly explain its provisions and
the objects sought to be obtained by its enact-
ment.
That some reform is necessary in the man-
ner of appointing and removing Federal offi-
cers is very generally conceded. A civil-ser-
vice bill KaB'befea'proposed which should make
the appointment to officedepend on the fitness
of the applicant, to be determined by a board
of examiners; but the difficulty of organizing
such a board, which should itself be beyond
partisan control, and of giving practical effect
to snch a Iawt has hitherto prevented its pas-
sage. •; .. .
In the ol^&nization of our Government it
was thought important, in order to prevent the
abuse and unwarranted assumption of power
by those intrusted with its administration, that
the powers of Government should be divided up.
N o people are secure in their liberties who intrust
all the powers of government either to a single
person or a single body of persons, be they few
or many. Ours is emphatically a Government of
checks and balances, upon the proper mainte-
nance of which the perpetuation of our repub-
lican system essentially depends. By the Fede-
ral Constitution, as well as by the constitutions
of the several States, the powers of Govern-
ment are distributed between three depart-
ments, each of which in the exercise of its
legitimate functions is independent of the
others, and each is subject to bo restrained by
the others when it assumes to exercise unwar-
ranted authority. Some of tho State constitu-
tions, after dividing the powers of government
into legislative, executive, and judicial depart-
ments, contain positive prohibitions against
the exercise of any of the powers properly
belonging to one by either of the others.
While the Constitution of the United States
in general terms vests the legislative powers of
the United States in a Congress, the executive
powers in a President, and the judicial powers
in courts, it does not so absolutely inhibit, the
exercise of any part of the powers of the one
by another as is done by some of the State
constitutions in regard to State affairs. On
the contrary, the appointment to office, which
is properly an executive function under the
Federal Constitution, is not given exclusively
to the executive department of the Govern-
ment,. Indeed, neither the President nor any
head of a Department can appoint an officer
in any case without the consent of Congress
or the advice and consent of tho Senate. The
constitutional provision 011 this subject declares
that the President shall nominate, and, by and
with the advice and consent of tho Senate,
appoint all officers of the United States, except
President, Vice President,, Senators and Rep-
resentatives, and the officers of the two Houses
of Congress. The most which the Constitu-
tion authorizes the President to do by himself
is to fill up a vacancy which happens in an
office during tho recess of the Senate till the
end of its next session. All the other powers
which the President, the courts of law, or the
heads of Departments exercise in the appoint-
ment of officers are conferred upon them by
acts of Congress, under that clause of the Con-
stitution which declares that Congress "may
by law vest the appointment of such inferior
officers as they think proper in the President
alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of
Departments."
Practically, however, appointments have not
for some years been made either in the consti-
tutional mode by the President, by aud with
the advice and consent of the Senate, or by
the President and heads of Departments alone,
in pursuance of law Testing them with that
: authority. Nominally appointments are so
1 made, but in reality they are dictated and
' controlled in a vast majority of cases by an
I influence unknown to the Constitution or laws.
Every Senator and every Representative in
the other House knows that appointments in
most cases are dictated by themj and that the
President and heads of Departments are not
left free to make selections with an eye single
to the public good. The Representative from
a congressional district, if in political accord
with the Administration, claims and exercises
the right, as a general rule, to control all the
local appointments in his district, and in dis-
tricts represented by Opposition members the
Senators from the States claim and exercise the
same right. Occasionally there may be devia-
tions from this rule, but they are exceptional.
In some of the States the entire delegation,
harmonizing with the Administration, may
confer together in regard to certain local ap-
pointments; but as a general rule no man
can be appointed postmaster, or collector or
assessor of internal revenue, or to any other
Federal office local to the district, unless he
has the recommendation of the person who
happens to represent the district in Congress,
if he be a friend of the Administration.
So arbitrary is this rule that I have known
instances of faithful public officers, friends of
the Administration, being removed in order to
make place for a friend of the Representative
from the district, and at a subsequent period
during the same Administration I have known
the new appointee to bo removed to give place
either to the former incumbent or some other
friend of a new Representative who had in the
mean time at a subsequent election succeeded
in supplanting the former one; an officer re-
moved to-day because he did not support the
successful candidate in a nominating conven-
tion, and restored next year because he did
give such support to another who chanced to
succeed. When the nominee for a local office
comes before the Senate we all know that our
action in most cases is a mere form, and that
not probably in one case in a hundred is any
other question asked than whether the nominee
is acceptable to the Representative from the
district.
In some cases influences are brought to bear
to secure the election of members to this body
or the other House under the expectation, if
not. the direct assurance, that the successful
candidate when elected will secure offices to
certain parties who have been active in his
behalf. It has sometimes been openly avowed
by members of Congress that they had certain
debts to pay, meaning thereby that while can-
vassing for their positions they had come under
obligations to secure offices to ccrtain individ-
uals. So far is this desire to reward friends
sometimes carried that it furnishes an induce-
ment to create offices for 110 other purpose
than to provide places for favorites. Is it any
wonder, while such a system as this prevails,
that the ante-rooms of the President and heads
of Departments are crowded with Senators and
Representatives seeking positions for their
friends? Is it possible for members thus asking
places, and that, too, often as personal favors
to themselves, can preserve their independence
as legislators? Can he who insisted upon the
appointment of a clerk in one of the Depart-
ments already overflowing with clerks, and bj-
his persistency has at last procured the ap-
pointment, act independently on a deficiency
bill to pay for extra clerk hire occasioned per-
haps by his importunities?
Nor is the pressure of Congressmen for
positions for favorites less demoralizing to the
appointing power than themselves. ThePres-
ident and heads of Departments are dependent
on their political friends in the two Houses of
Congress for that legislation and support ne-
cessary to administer the Government, and
cannot afford to disregard their wishes. That
!j they do yield to them is notorious. It is an
i' every-day occurrence that applicants feor office
