1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2273
the subject in a legislative manner. After the
treaty was made aettlers went upou these
lands, and the Indians are there also, and
there is great trouble and disturbance. This
bill provides for the sale of the lands to set-
tlers only, and it provides that the money that
is received up to a certain amount, the amount
agreed to be paid for the land, shall be received
from the settlers and held by the Government
for the Indians. Then the second provision
is that the Indians shall be setted in the Indian
country.
That is the bill. It has been up two morn-
ing hours, but at the expiration of the morn-
ing hour it went over. It has been read
through, and somewhat amended, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Kansas whether any steps have been taken to
extinguish the title of the Indians ?
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the consideration
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky objects. The question of priv-
ilege is still before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland is entitled to the floor on the
question of privilege, unless he yields.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask leave to
make a report from the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will receive the report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee 011 Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (R R. No. 1346) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, and for
other purposes, reported it with amendments.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary
of the Treasury, in complianccwitharesolution
of the Senate of the 7th instant, directing him
to report to the Senate the present condition
of the custom-house at New Orleans, Louisiana,
the amount already expended upon it, what
Federal or other offices are kept therein, the
amount of room occupied and, unoccupied, the
probable amount requisite to complete the
same according to the original plan, and also
what amount is necessary to be immediately
appropriated to put the roof and the rooms
now occupied in suitable condition ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
southern maryland isailkoad.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up for consideration a bill
that will occupy very little time. It is Senate
bill No. 597, to enable the corporation of Wash-
ington to indorse the bonds of a railroad com-
pany to build a railroad to Point Lookout.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Virginia asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 597)
to authorize the authorities of the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, to indorse the
bonds of the Southern Maryland Railroad
Company.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the bill be read
through.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted., &c„ That the authorities of the eity
of Washington, District; of Columbia, arc hereby
authorized to indorse coupon bonds, to be issued by
the Southern Maryland llailroad Company, and in
denominations of fifty dollars, or any multiple of said
sum to the amount of S>1,500, OOOpayable twenty years
after date, with interest, at the l-ato of six per cent,
per annum, payable semi-annually, tor the purpose
of aiding the building and constructing, a railroad
from said eitv of Washington to Point Lookout, in
the State of Maryland, under the provisions of a
41sx Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 143.
charter granted by said State in the year 1868: Pro-
vided, That the said railroad company shall duly
execute a first mortgage on its said road, rolling
stock, equipments, &e., in favor of the authorities of
Washington aforesaid, securing said city against lia-
bility to pay the principal, or any part thereof, of
the coupon bonds authorized by this act, or any inter-
est thereon exceeding in amount the sum of $300,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the bill is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendment, to insert
the following as a new section :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
be submitted to the legal votera of the city of Wash-
ington at a meeting to bo called by the mayor, and
held within thirty days from the passage of this act,
for their approval or rejection. Those voting in
favor of the same shall so express it by a ballot with
the word "yes" written or printed thereon, and
those opposed to the same by the word "no" writ-
ten or printed thereon. And if a majority of two
thirds of those voting shall bo in favor of the same
this act shall bo in l'oree, but not otherwise. The
votes of the several wardB in the eity to be returned
tp, the mayor and aldermen, and to be by them
counted and declared. And the register of voters in
the city of Washington, used at the last election in
said eity, may bo used tor the purpose of the meeting
called by this act.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Virginia whether the prop-
osition is to have this liability decreed by the
stockholders of the corporation—I mean by
that the tax-payers—or by the people gen-
erally, without reference to whether they be
tax-payers or not?
Mr. LEWIS. It is intended to take the
vote of two thirds of the whole voting pop-
ulation of the city. The State of Maryland
has subscribed $700,000 to the construction of
this road. This is merely an indorsement of
the bonds by the city of Washington, secured
by a mortgage which will be a lien on all the
stock and the road of the company. The ques-
tion of making this indorsement is to be sub-
mitted to the tax-payers of the city. They
cannot by any possibility be liable for an
amount greater than the amount authorized.
Some objection to the vote of two thirds being
required was made ; but it was discussed in
the committee, and it was deemed safer to
require a two-thirds vote.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator know
of any precedent in any State of this Union
for such legislation as that?
Mr. LEWIS. I know in my own State it
is frequently done. Our municipalities indorse
the bonds of railroad companies under author-
ity of the Legislature.
Mr. CONKLING. I am not speaking of
that now; but I will call the Senator's atten-
tion to the point to which I am speaking. The
city of Washington is a municipal corporation,
and the proposal is to have that corporation
indorse these bonds, and the mode provided
is to submit it to the vote, not of the stock-
holders in that corporation, so to speak, not of
the tax-payers of the corporation, but of those
who do not own any stock or pay any taxes.
The honorable Senator before me [Mr. Nxe]
knows that nothing is more familiar in the
State of New York, for example, than to sub-
mit to municipal corporations or to towns the
question—using a phrase which prevails with
us—whether they will be bonded for a certain
purpose ; and the vote is of those who are to
become liable, those whose property is to be
bound. Now, I suggest to the honorable Sen-
ator that if, striking out the two-thirds clause,
he will submit it to the tax-payers of the city
of Washington and let amajority of them decide,
there would be good reason for that; but to
submit it, no matter whether two thirds or three
fifths or one half is to decide, to a vote ol
those who pay no taxes at all, who own no
stock at all in that corporation which is to be
made liable, is, as I understand, not only a
departure from the precedents, buta disregard
of the reason of the case.
Suppose the question were with any other
corporation—a bank if you please, a moneyed
corporation ; of course it would be submitted
to the stockholders of that corporation ; and
would anybody think of going outside of them
and having other people vote upon it, and then
say .it should prevail if two thirds should vote
for it? The whole idea of taking the sense of
tlie people comprised ip a municipal corpora-
tion on such a question is to find out whether
those .interested in that corporation, whether
the stockholders of it, so to speak, the tax-
payers, are of that mind or not. To test it I
have only to refer to the fact that the courts
have uniformly decided that nobody but a tax-
payer can go into a court of equity and file a
bill and ask an injunction staying such a pro-
ceeding. Why nobody else? Because nobody
"else has any legal interest in it. The fact that
I may sojourn here, that I may have elective
rights here, that I may be a voter here, gives
me no right to vote to charge the property of
other people with obligations of this sort.
And in this connection I beg to make a fur-
ther remark. I do not profess to have followed
very much at large the innumerable schemes
which are pending here relating to the District
of Columbia and the eity of Washington, but
I venture to say that those who own property
in this city have reason to-look with some cir-
cumspection, if not with eome alarm, upon all
the propositions which I hear of and which I
see in one way or another in the two Houses
of Congress looking to schemes, commercially
and of various kinds, which are to become
burdens and to create liabilities upon the prop-
erty-holders in the city of Washington. I do
not know but that in that way this city is to be
made a great commercial metropolis. Perhaps
it is. But it seems to me that we are making
haste very rapidly.
But here—to return to the immediate point
before us—I submit that the vote ought to be
of the tax-payers of the city of Washington.
If they want their property mortgaged for
$1,500,000 by way of indorsing the bonds of
a railroad company so be it; but I do not
think there is any reason in propriety why
persons whose property is not to be mortgaged,
and who have therefore no pecuniary interest,
in the question, should be called upon to vote
one way or the other.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the objec-
tion of my friend from New York is based upon
the idea that those who pay the tax should be
the persons to vote the tax. But now here are
bonds to run thirty years. What assurance has
he that the tax-payers of to-day will be the tax-
payers when these bonds mature thirty years
hence, or that those who have no taxable prop-
erty to-day will have none then? The true
theory upon which the tax-payers alone are to
vote on such a subject is that they would be
more likely to vote with judgment, they would
be more circumspect, because at first the burden
comes on them; but when the bonds are to run
a long time you cannot say with any sort of
certainty that those who vote the taxes will or
will not be the persons who will have ultimately
to pay the debt.
Mr. CONKLING. The obligation will run
from the moment the bonds issue. Will there
not be coupons to be met continuously?
Mr. THURMAN. Undoubtedly so; but
property is changing hands all the time. It is
very true this debt will be a mortgage on prop-
erty in this city, and to that extent it may be
said to affect the property so far as it is real
estate
Mr." CONKLING. Allow me to ask a
question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. . If the Senator's argu-
I ment is sound as applied to every corporation,
is it not true of every railroad corporation,, oi
every banking corporation, of every manufac-
turing company that the stockholders of to-day
are not the stockholders of twenty years hence;
and by parity of reasoning if you allow a mun i-
cipal corporation to go outside of the tax-
