1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4161
in all the Bobs and Black Bobs you please;
1 propose to tell the story.
Mr. POMEROY. I supposed the Senator
wanted to confine the debate to the question,
so as to pass his appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not yield.
I am confining myself to a response to the
demand of the Senator to preserve the public
peace in Kansas, and I want to show you that
the public peace is disturbed on other reserva-
tions besides the Osage, and that will be an-
other demand. The citizens got together in
Morris county, where the Kaw reservation lies,
and passed these resolutions with a prelimin-
ary ''whereas
"We, the citizens of Morris county, in mass meet-
ing assembled, believe that the time has fully come
in which the interests of advancing civilization de-
mand the extinction of the titles of Indians to all
lands in the State of Kansas."
That is the doctrine—the utter extinction
of the Indian titles ; the civilization of Kansas
requires it, and the peace and prosperity of
Kansas require it. How is it to be done? I
will show you the summary mode they propose
out there:
"And whereas we do regard with regret the in-
activity of our members of Congress in efforts seek-
ing for the removal of the Kansas Indians from
Morris county and the State, and the opening of
their lands to settlement; and whereas there is_a
large body of land, two hundred thousand acres, in
Morris county, said land lying in the heart ot the
county, and being the best portion thereof, owned
and occupied by the Kansas Indians;"—
Now, what?
"1. Resolved, That we do most earnestly petition
our Senators and Representative in Congress to use
every available means for the removal of said tribe
and the opening of said land to civilization and set-
tlement; and that we. the people of Morris county,
do unhesitatingly pledge ourselves to the earnest
support, without regard to party, of those members
of Congress who are true arid faithful to tho inter-
ests of their constituents; and that they cannot in
any bettor measure advance the interests of the cit-
izens of Morris and adjoining counties than by
speedily extinguishing the Indian title and bringing
said lands into market, or throw them open to set-
tlement. .
"2. That we, the citizens of Moms county, do
invite persons to settle on the Kaw Indian lands
in ease the present Congress refuse to act, and that
we do pledge ourselves to the support of all such
settles."
What do you think of that, Mr. President?
That is the peace that is disturbed in Kansas,
and that is the peace that the Congress of the
United States are called upon to placate! I
do not know but that the Senate of the United
States are in a temper to pass such measures
as will placate these people.
"3. That we do believe that these lands wouldlong
ago have been settled by sturdy settlers andlarmers
had not a few designing men used the question of
the same in efforts to advance their own personal
and political ends, thus waging a war among friends
of the same and keeping their lands in their present
uncultivated and wild state. .
"4. That we are unitedly in favor of the bringing
of these lands at once into market in some form, our
object being to open them to speedy settlement, tax-
ation, and improvement. .
"5. That copies of these resolutions be iurnished
by the secretary to theTopeka, Lawrence, and Leav-
enworth papers, and the Council Grove Advertiser,
for publication ; that he transmit copies to Senators
and Representatives in Congress: and that all other
papers friendly to the removal ot Indians from the
State be also requested to give the same promi-
nence."
Mr. President, I have read this with a view
of illustrating the necessity which the hon-
orable Senator appeals to here for the action
of the Senate. I undertake to say that if the
State of Kansas did its duty to its citizens and
to other people there would be no occasion
whatever for appealing to the Senate of the
United States for its intervention here, the
ICaws would live peaceably in thatState, occu-
pying their own reservation, and the Osages
< would live peaceably on their reservation, until
; the Congress of the United States, upon terms
that would be equitable and reasonable, should
make arrangements for their removal; and I
• object altogether to the interposition of a neces-
t aity here to embarrass the appropriation bills
i by the consideration of questions of this char-
? I said^pn a former occasion in regard to the
k 41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 201.
general proposition all I desired to say; and 1
would not have risen now at all except to
answer the argument of my honorable friend
from Kansas based upon the idea of necessity.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, in aa few
brief remarks as I could make I urged the
necessity of adopting an amendment to secure
the Osage lands to settlement and the removal
of the Indians. The Senator from Maine
replies to me by reading an article in a paper
relating to the Kaws, exhibiting, as he thinks,
the temper of the people of our State, which
in no manner and in no way answered the
argument I tried to make as to the necessity
of removing the Osage Indians. I will, how-
ever, answer him and say in a few words what
I deem it necessary to say about the Kaws. I
did not allude to that question before because
it was not in the Senate, and I supposed the
Senator from Maine, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, designed to confine
the discussion specifically to the matter before
the Senate.
In the first place, I will call the attention of
the Senator from Maine to the law. That Sen-
ator says that the people of my Stateare hasten-
ing, in defiance of law, to get title to Indian
reserves and to Indian lands. The great feet
is that we have been behind the law and behind
the provisions of law on this very subject. The
Kaw trust lands, to which the resolutions read
by the Senator from Maine refer, have been in
market for years and years, and no bidders.
They have not been opened for settlement, but
the department of Indian affairs took them in
trust to sell for the Kaws at a specified price,
and they cannot find buyers. They are not
occupied by the Indians. The Indians have
ceded them to the United States, and they are
held in trust to-day by the Department of the
Interior waiting for parties to bid the price,
and there are no buyers. They have sold all
the valleys, all the timber, and all the best
lands, but there are thousands on thousands of
acres yet of the Kaw lands for which there, are
no bidders. The Indians desiring to have the
money for those lands, the Government have
taken them in trust to sell, and it cannot sell
them.
That is the land, I want the Senator from
Maine to understand, and that is the character
of the title the citizens of my State desire to
have possessed by settlers, by men who want
to improve the land. These resolutions relate
to the Kaw trust lands that have been ceded,
that are held in trust, and that this Govern-
ment is waiting for purchasers and cannot find
purchasers at the specified price. The trust
lands are not occupied by Indians, and the
people of my State are right in inviting settlers
to go on to those lands and in urging the sale
of them under the provisions of the treaty,
urging the settlers to pay the price the Gov-
ernment asks, but they can find other lands at
a less price 
Mr. DAVIS. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Kansas, I would suggest an amend-
ment in the first section of his amendment,
and 1 think he will be willing to accept it.
Mr. POMERO Y. I am now confining myself
to the Kaw treaty for a moment, to answer the
Senator from Maine. Alter that I will yield
to the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I will suggest the amendment
I intend to offer, "with the consent of the Great
and Little Osage Indians."
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will read
my amendment he will see that is already in
It starts out with that.
Now, I want to cali the attention of the Sen
ator from Majne to the law authorizing this
very thing to be done, which he will find m the
Indian appropriation bill of March 3, 1303:
for this is not the first time that legislation it
regard to Indians has been put on the appro
priation bill. I hold in my hand the twelfth
volume of the Statutes, aud on page 793, sec
tion four, the Senator will find these words:
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That tlie Presi-
dent of tho United Status be, and is hereby, author-
ized to enter into treaties, with the several tribes of
Indians, respectively, now residing in the State of
Kansas, providing tor the extinction of their titles to
land.-, held in common within said State, and for fcho
removal of such Indians of said tribes as hold their
lands in common to suitable localities elsewhere
wHiin the territorial limits of the United States and
outside the limits of any'State.
" Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent ot the United States be, and is hereby, author-
ized to enter into negotiations, by treaty or otherwise,
with such loyal tribes or the loyal portions of such
tribes, now residing in the country south of Kansas
and west of Arkansas, commonly known as the 'In-
dian country,' as ranvbo necessary in order to secure
for the Indians of Kansas who shall be removed to
said Indian country under the provisions of the pre-
ceding section of this act, tlie title to the lands to
which they may bo so removed."
This whole procedure was inaugurated in
the law, and not by a resolution of the citizens
of Morris county. It has been provided for in
the law since 1863, and the Morris county lands,
known as the Kaw trust lands, have been open
ever since that; and does the Senator think it
strange that the citizens of that county should
assemble in convention aud ask settlers to come
and take possession of those lands? If there
is anything either incendiary or wrong about
those resolutions the Senator failed to point
it out and I failed to see it.
Now I come to this question, Mr. President.
There has been a home 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator passes
from that let me ask him a question. Do I
understand that his constituents in Morris
county ask settlers to go upon those lands and
pay the price stipulated in the treaty, or only
to go and take the land without paying any-
thing under the preemption law?
Mr. POMEROY. They invite them to go
on and take possession of the land ceded,
called the Kaw trust lands. The resolution
does not state how they propose to pay for
them, but under the law there is only one way,
and that is to pay the price.
Mr. SHERMAN, lknow; buldoyourciti-
zens contemplate that settlers shall go under
the law ?
Mr. POMEROY. I know nothing outside
of the resolutions. I read the resolutions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought the Senator
would be frank, and just say that the citizens
of Kansas, like the citizens of all the western
States, want to get hold of the lands.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me tell the Senator
that those lands are offered at eighty-seven
and a half cents an acre, which is cheap, and
they will not pay that. They have taken, how-
ever, all the valleys and all the timber and all
the best lands At the price fixed; but the Gov-
ernment, as I think, were indiscreet in asking
a uniform price for tho whole, and what now
remains is land not worth the money. If they
could be opened, as other public lands, to
homestead settlement, they would be taken,
I have no doubt, under the homestead law;
but they will not be taken under the preemp-
tion law. That policy of holding lands in trust
for Indians the Government has departed Irom.
The Government does not sell any more land
in trust for the Indians. It is found that we
cannot close out a reservation in that way.
The Government can sell the best lands, and
the poorest are left, and the Indian gets noth-
ing tor the poor land, and only half price for
the good. That policy, which was inaugurated
in 1863, of selling lands in trust, has been
abandoned. The Department does not seek
it any more because the Indians can sell only
10 their disadvantage.
Now, Mr. President, let me come hack to
the Osage question. I do say to the Senator
from Maine that there is a home prepared for
these Indians. It is as much a home as they
have ever had. They never had cities, and
villages, and churches, and schools. They are
Indians who live in blankets. They have tents.
I do not know wlmt their name for them is,
but they have a sort of tent that they pack up
on their ponies and move from place to place.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Iheyhave lanus
in Kansas now, have they not.
