1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1329
ticle of human despotism in it that will not be
altered and amended to meet the crisis of this
mighty age of human progress in which we live.
\\Te must have one standard of American citi-
zenship; we must have the States coming in
on an equality. The States must come in upon
an equal footing, as our Democratic friends
gay—not States half republican, some imposing
a property qualification, some imposing the
qualification of reading and writing, and some
going back and instituting human slavery as
the test: but we must have from the Atlantic
to the Pacific a mighty empire where all shall
be equal, where the Chinese themselves shall
onlvhave to become American citizens, shall
only have to conform themselves to the insti-
tutions and laws of the country to be protected
in all their rights. I am not afraid of this trial
of republicanism.
This is the theater of mighty contests, of
great collisions of mental ideas, of mental
forces and powers. We are to have here all
races, and we are to have a grand contest. I
expect to see in my own town a Chinese tem-
ple raised opposite to the church where my own
family worship. There is to be a mighty col-
lision of moral ideas and forces and powers ;
but this grand old Government of the free,
established by our fathers upon the principles
of human liberty and equality, will go on tri-
umphing aud to triumph. It is based upon the
only doctrine on which man can be happy and
yet have equal rights—a Government of major-
ities, a Government where all men are equal,
and where there is no superior but God alone.
To secure the realization of this theory in all
its completeness and grandeur is our destiny ;
and when it is achieved there will indeed be a
triumph of " Liberty and Union, now and for-
ever, one and inseparable."
Sir, these are not the words of the moment,
but they are the thoughts of thirty years of
public service. In all the contests of political
strife and ambition I foresaw this day, as I
think, but whether I did or not it is now his-
tory, and this land is free from ocean to ocean
and from lake to gulf.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I do not
wish to prolong this discussion ; I simply desire
10 call the attention of the Senate to the matter
under consideration, which I think has been
overlooked for some time.
Mississippi comes here applying for recog-
nition as a State. I believe we are agreed
upon somethings with regard to Mississippi,and
the first is that she has organized a State gov-
ernment republican in form; and it has been
done by the Republican party under the wise
administration of the commanding general of
that district. She comes here in excellent
shape. I believe we all congratulate ourselves
upon the condition in which we find Missis-
sippi as she applies for admission. She has
also an excellent constitution. No one has
found fault with that; and particularly she has
an excellent provision with regard to common
schools.
Now, the question is, Mississippi having
made ample provision for common schools,
whether we shall interfere with that matter
one way or the other? What is the necessity
for doing so ? Why do it ? Why do we say
sbe shall not change her constitution in that
regard? It is very excellent now. Perhaps
she will improve it by a change. Why inter-
fere with her in that respect ? I protest against
interfering with her on that particular point.
The Constitution provides that the United
States shall guaranty to each State a republican
form of government. While it has a repub-
lican form of government of course there is no
occasion for the exercise of that power. I
believe that it will be universally conceded
that it is a violation of the republican principle
that authorizes an interference on the part of
tlie United States. Surely that will not be
disputed. Now, how has Mississippi violated
the republican principle in regard to her corn-
Won schools, or how does she propose to do
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 84.
so? I believe in remedial legislation. Cer-
tainly there is no occasion for interfering now
in this particular. If the changing of her
common-school system would destroy her
republican character, and thus authorize Con-
gress to interfere, we must wait until she has
done some act to justify interference. There
must be an evil to be remedied before we can
apply a remedy.
Some of us have not been able to see the
authority on which you could put this particu-
lar provision, and some of us cannot see the
necessity of it. Certainly I see 110 necessity
for it. It seems to me to be legislation not at
all called for. That is the worst feature of it.
It was observed in the case of Virginia that
there was some fear that Virginia was not act-
ing in good faith. There were some appre-
hensions with regard to Virginia. There were
conflicting statements here, and the Senate
was divided upon that point. That was assigned
as a reason for imposing conditions on Vir-
ginia. Now, there lias been no suggestion of
that kind in regard to Mississippi. None of
■ the arguments that were brought forward in
regard to Virginia have been brought forward
to show the necessity of this legislation for
Mississippi. I believe that there has been no
| Senator here who has claimed that there is a
| real necessity for it; that there is any danger
i to be apprehended or any evil to be remedied
! by these conditions.
Sir, there is a great deal of power in the
Constitution of the United States and a great
many ways by which the rights of men may be
secured.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from Nevada just there a qnestion with
his permission, so that I may understand the
application of his argument. Does he believe
that these provisions in this bill as they now
stand are constitutional or not ?
Mr. STEWART. Which one?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The whole body of them.
I ask whether the bill just as it stands is a con-
stitutional bill, or whether it is an unconstitu-
tional bill ? That is what I want to know from
my friend from Nevada.
! Mr. STEWART. I do not believe that the
| provision in regard to common schools is con-
i stitutional.
j Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I want to ask my
I friend from Nevada how he voted for a bill three
weeks ago that contained that same identical
unconstitutional provision? On what principle
can he defend himself for voting for au uncon-
stitutional law when he knows it is so ? The
Virginia bill had precisely the same provision
in it, and yet he voted for it.
Mr. STEWART. I shall attempt no defense
of that position further than to say that it has
been repeatedly done here by Senators. When
you cannot keep an objectionable provision out
of a bill, when you are overruled by the major-
ity, I take it it is right to vote for the bill though
it has been modified by the insertion of an
objectionable clause.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should think that was
just the time to vote against an unconstitu-
tional measure.
Mr. STEWART. It is unnecessary to discuss
that point now. Such a course has constantly
occurred in this body. Occasions have fre-
quently arisen when a Senator having voted
against a provision that has been put into a
bill against his will, he still votes for the bill,
leaving it to the courts afterward to act on the
objectionable clause. I have seen a former Sen-
ator from Maryland (Mr. Johnson) placed pre-
cisely in that position ; and I have seen many
Senators placed in that position, and I expect
I shall find the Senator from Vermont in that
; position on some bill. 1 have plenty of com-
i panyon that. 1 shall vote for the Mississippi
i bill if this provision remains in it, notwit hstand-
| ing I do not believe we have the constitutional
power to put it in ; but I wish to protest against
it; I wish to place my vote upon the proper
ground. I want Mississippi in the Union, and
I shall vote for the bill. I reconcile it per-
fectly with my idea of constitutional duty to
do so ; but I do not believe in this particular
provision. I do not belive you have any author-
ity to impose it. I do not believe there is any
occasion for such legislation.
I have said that in my opinion there is a
great deal of power in the Constitution of the
United States; but I do not believe that all the
powers of the Constitution should be exercised
on all possible occasions just because you have
them. I believe the power to guaranty a
republican form of government is a power that
Congress may exercise whenever a State vio-
lates the republican principle and you have a
case. You can then step in and defend the
republican principle. I believe that Congress
lias a good deal of additional power to inter-
fere to protect the people of the South in their
civil rights that it did not have previous to our
fourteenth amendment. I believe that the first
section of the fourteenth amendment, taken in
connection with the civil-rights bill and the
fifteenth amendment, authorizes the exercise
of a good deal of controlling power to keep
these people straight; and inasmuch as this
question is open, and there is being so much
said, that it may not be overlooked I propose
t o call attention to the fourteenth amendment.
It provides that—
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State wherein
they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State
deprivo any person of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law, nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the
laws."
That is one of the conditions-precedent which
Congress has matured, and upon which much
legislation for the protection of the people of
the South may be legitimately predicated as
cases arise. The States shall make no dis-
crimination in their laws. I believe if the State
of Mississippi should pass a law which would
deprive the colored man of the same rights
aud privileges of schools that the white man
has, or make any other discrimination which
would deny him the equal protection and benefit
of the laws, we have direct constitutional power
to interfere ; but I do not believe we can say
in advance that she shall not change a par-
ticular provision of her constitution—in ad-
vance, 1 mean, of any attempt on her part to
violate the Constitution of the United States
or the principles upon which reconstruction is
based. I think it is unnecessary ; I think there
is no excuse for this legislation. Nobody dis-
trusts Mississippi's good faith thus far.
We have put in the Constitution of the United
States certain powers to enable us to protect
the people of the South, to enable us to protect
the colored people particularly in their rights.
This was very wise and beneficial. We have
gone further, and we now have incorporated in
the Constitution an equal right to the ballot so
far as whites and blacks are concerned. We
have the fifteenth amendment, and we have
express power to enforce both. Then we can
go into all the States and secure to all men the
equal protection of the laws in their civil rights ;
we can wipe out all distinctions aud discrini-
inations on account of race or color in their
political rights.
Having this power now in the Constitution,
why adopt this legislation for which no one has
been able to assign a sufficient reason? If
there was a real danger to be guarded against
it would change the constitutional question
altogether. I differ entirely with the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] that because
the power to guaranty to each btate a repub-
lican form of government exists there is any
power on the part of the General Government
to exercise it until that provision has been
violated. There is no more power on the^part
of the Government to call to account a State
that has not violated it than there is on the
part of the law officers to call to account an
