18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
apply to Senators and Representatives assur-
ing "them that their recommendation only is
lacking to secure them the coveted position;
and some of the Departments, I am told,
have actually kept a debit and credit account
■with members, to show the number of appoint-
ments they are entitled to and receive. I say
nothing of the-personal inconvenience and
Humiliation to which Congressmen submitby
being made solicitors for .office and dancing
attendanceon the appointing power. This is
voluntary on their part, and th«y could cor-
rect it if they would ; but while a portion of
the members practice it others are compelled
to or else subjectthemselvesto the imputation
of being neglectful of their friends. The only
excuse for meddling with local appointments
by Congressmen is the fact that their acquaint-
ance in their respective localities enables
them to know better, than the appointing power
•here at Washington would be supposed to
who the proper persons for office in their
localities are.
The bill I have introduced allows the ap-
pointing power to obtain the benefit of this
information by a written request to the mem-
ber, to which he may reply in writing, but
makes it a penal offense for him to recom-
mend in any other way, and prohibits the ap-
pointment to office of any person recommended
in any other way, directly or indirectly, by
him. The custom of allowing Congressmen
to dictate appointments has become so firmly
established as to have almost the force of law,
and nothing but a positive statute can change
it. While suffered to continue it is subversive
of the Constitution so far as it relates to ap-
pointments, is demoralizing both to the appoint-
ing power and to Congressmen, is corrupting
in its influences, and destructive of that divis-
ion of the powers of Government upon the
maintenance of which the liberties of the peo-
ple depend. Congressmen are not elected to
dispense the patronage of their respective
localities; and there is no reason why the man
who happens to be in Congress should be
allowed to dictate who are to be postmasters
or revenue officers of his district. .The wishes
of the people interested rather than simply
those of the person who happens to represent
them here for the time being ought to be con-
sulted in such cases. The bill I have intro-
duced, should it become a law, will break up
this whole system. It will relieve members
of Congress from importunity, and afford them
time to attend to the legislative duties with
which they are charged; it will free them from
obligation to the President and heads of De-
partmentsfor favors granted; it will leave those
officials free to select the best persons for
appointment to office with an eye single to the
public service, without being embarrassed by
pressure from those on whom they must rely
for support; and, above all, it will tend to
preserve the independence of each of the De-
partments of the Government and that divis-
ion of powers among them which are essential
to the preservation of liberty.
I ask that the bill be printed, and lie on the
table for the present.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish the honorable Senator
would withdraw that motion that I may detain
the Senate for a single minute on this subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw it. I did not
know _ that any other Senator wished to say
anything upon the subject.
Mr. DAVIS. My object in making the re-
quest is to add a single remark. I am grati-
fied that the honorable and able Senator from
Illinois has taken up this subject. I do not
know any subject that in my judgment needs !
and requires more urgently a proper consid- j
eratior. and action of Congress than this sub- j
joct of appointments to office.
The honorable Senator has stated with great !
foicc and truth the particular cases that are j
embodied in his remarks; but there is another I
class of cases which did not come within the j
purview of his remarks at all. For example, :
the State of Kentucky has no friend of this j
Administration in either House of Congress, j
How does the honorable Senator propose to j
secure to the Government of the country the
best nominations to offices whose duties are to
be performed in that State ?
I .have a personal knowledge of several
incumbents of office in the Sta,t'e of Kentucky.
There are not many allowed in the State. I
have known men who voted for the present
President of the United States appointed to
office who were worthy of every trust in that
office or in any office for which they had the
capacity. I have in my mind's eye now two or
three incumbents who filled revenue offices,
and some of whom still fill revenue offices, who
are worthy of the highest trust and confidence
of the Government and the country. I have
in my mind's eye particularly one incumbent
who would be selected by every individual who
knows him to execute any trust, however
sacred or important,, public or private, that
could be reposed in him ; and that incumbent
is a gallant colonel who acted as a brigadier
general and who greatly distinguished himself
in the late war of the rebellion.
The active appointing officer to that office,
to wit, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
has made again and again the most persevering
efforts to turn that officer out of office; and
once had nominated as his successor a. man
whom nobody who knows him would give any
trust to, public or private. I have thought
that the object, the paramount purpose of the
appointing power, was to get a knave aud a
scoundrel in the office who would consent to
prostitute its functions for the purpose of plun-
der and robbery. I cannot for my life divine
what other motive can have animated the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue in relation to
that appointment, and other appointments in
the State of Kentucky that I might bring before
the Senate.
Yes, sir, I repeat that there is an officer fill-
ing a collection office in the State of Kentucky,
a gallant, chivalrous soldier of the late war, who
raised a company early in its commencement,
went to the field, was regularly promoted until
ho became the colonel commandant of the regi-
ment and afterward served in the battle of
Chickamauga with the greatest gallantry and
distinction as a brigadier general. He is pro-
nounced by the men who know him, who are
Radicals and friends of this Administration, as
good an officer in that office as there is in any
office under the Government of the United
States. That man voted for the present Chief
Magistrate of the United States, and yet the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue has for
upward of twelve months made base and per-
severing efforts to remove him from office and
to substitute in bis place for the same office a
person to whom no one who knows him would
give the least trust, public or private. That is
only one case.
Mr. SHERMAN. What district is that?
Mr. DAVIS. The Lexington district, Ken-
tucky. Sir, some Republicans and a great
many soldiers of the late war who entered into
the Union Army and who fought through the
whole war to its close and foughtgallantly were
placed in office and have been thrust out of
office by this man who fills the post of Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. What have
been his motives I cannot discern.
I have another instance in my mind. A man
who was a lieutenant in the company raised
by the officer to whom I have referred, who
served until he became captain and who had
the top of his shoulder shot off in battle, in-
flicting a wound that menaced his life for
years and years, has been thrust out of office
also, and men less capable, less honest, and
less faithful have been substituted in his place
and in the place of men who have similar
claims and who have filled other offices.
Sir, the principle, or the want of principle,
upon which offices have been filled in Ken-
tucky, and the unfitness of appointees for them.
the want of capacity and common i itegrity,
has been eminently disgraceful to the appoint-
ing power. It has been eminently prejudicial
to the public service. It is a shame and a re-
proach upon the Government ; and I am glad
of the opportunity in this unexpected moment
of littering my denunciation against some of
the appointments, the appointees, and the con-
siderations upon which they were appointed in
that State. I trust that the honorable Senator
from Illinois will make his bill so comprehen-
sive, so complete, as to meet every case, and to
secure to the Government and the country
friends, if you please, of the Administration,
but men who are competent to fill the places
to which they are appointed.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois will suspend. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived, the unfinished business
of yesterday is before the Senate,unless inform-
ally laid aside by unanimous consent or post-
poned on motion. That unfinished business is
the resolution of the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] in regard to the compensation of cer-
tain southern Senators. If there be 110 objec-
tion it will be informally postponed. The Chair
hears no objection to its informal postpone-
ment. The Senator from Illinois is entitled to
the floor on;the bill of his colleague.
Mr. YATES.- Mr. President, 1 had no notice
of the introduction of this bill this morning. I
am exceedingly gratified personally that it has
come before the Senate. There is a common-
sense view of all things, and I think that the
common-sense view should be applied to this
subject. Now, there is an ad captandum mode
of appointing men to office, an uncertain and
doubtful mode that perplexes Senators and
Representatives; and if some test, some stand-
ard, could be arrived at it would be beneficial to
all parties, and especially to the public. If I
understand the bill of my colleague it is an
objection to recommendations for office by
members of the House of Representatives.
Now, I think there is a propriety in recom-
mendations to office by the Representatives in
Congress. The Representatives in that House
represent the people of their respective dis-
tricts ; they have been elected by the people
of those districts; they are responsible to the
people of those districts. Each of them comes
here with a certificate of a majority of the
people of his district, and therefore there
would seem to be a propriety in their being
allowed to make recommendations of persons
to fill local offices in those districts.
But, sir, all that I rose to say upon this occa-
sion was that the Senators stand as judges of
appointments to office, and it is a most infa-
mous imposition upon Senators and upon the
public that members of this body should be
called upon to sign recommendations of per-
sons to office, because they stand to appoint-
ments in the relation of judges; they are to
confirm the appointments. Why, sir, it is
within our own observation that a petition
comes around and we are called upon to sign
it, being told that such a Senator recommends
it, or that such a Representative recommends
it; and we cannot well refuse, although we
know nothing of the character or qualifications
of the person who is recommended. If some
law or some regulation could be made by which
Senators should not be called upon to sign
recommendations to office it would be a public
benefit. There is no question about thai, be-
cause we do not stand in the same relation to
appointments as do the Representatives in Con-
gress. I think they have the right to recom-
mend ; they represent the districts ; they arc
elected by the people ; they are responsible to
the people, aud they ought to recommend ;
but Senators, who are to decide upon the con-
firmation, find who stand in the capacity of
judges, should not be called upon to sign indis-
criminately papers that aro presented to them.
Very often it has been my experience that
I have had to sign papers upon the authority of
