316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
Ho. of Beps.
The Tariff—Mr. Schench.
41st Cong .... 2b Sess.
admit that he probably knew pretty well what
he meant by his work! But it was not the
President of the Convention only, who, as first
President of the United States, the "Father
of his Country," signing that first act of na-
tional legislation, gave interpretation to our
national Constitution. Washington was not
alone m this. I have alluded to him, of that
l Convention also, underwhose auspices as Sec-
retary of the Treasury this primal legislation
was inaugurated—thegreat, clear-minded Alex-
ander Hamilton. And there were othors, not
only patriots, but lawyers, most of them, and
statesmen of eminence, who were parties to
this first work in the Congress after service in
the Convention—George Clymer, of Pennsyl-
vania, the chairman of the committee which
framed that first tariff bill; Robert Morris, of
Pennsylvania, whose financial skill and per-
sonal sacrifices had tided us through the perils
of the Revolution ; Roger Sherman, of Connec-
ticut; James Madison, of Virginia; Read, of
Delaware; Gilman, of New Hampshire.
Look a little further into the composition of
that-First Congress. I have said that there were
twelve States represented in the Convention
that framed the Constitution. All the States
wero not at first represented in Congress, but
that body had to adjourn from day to day until
finally it secured the attendance of Represent-
atives from some eight or nine States.
The fourteen members of Congress, who
had been also members of the Convention, it
happened, came from eight different States of
the Union; so that not only was a large pro-
portion of the Convention itself represented in
thatFirst Congress, but two thirds of the States,
and nearly all of the States whose Represent-
atives had appeared and taken their seats when
this act of legislation was completed.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to make a suggestion?
Air. SCUENCK. Certainly.
Mr. MARSHALL. The di ■cision of the
framers of the Constitution upon a question of
this kind, supposing it to have been brought to
their attention and decided deliberately, would
be entitled to great weight. But I submit that
a mere expression in a preamble, which for
aught that we know was not carefully consid-
ered, which may not have been brought to the
attention of one fifth of the members who voted
for the bill, which there is no evidence to show
was considered at all, is entitled to no weight.
IIow often in this House do bills for which wo
all vote have preambles that not one in twenty
knows anything about? There is no evidence
t.hat the men composing the Congress to which
tho gentleman has referred decided deliber-
ately that tho fiower to enact a tariff for pro-
tection was granted in the Constitution. The
tariff act which the.y passed was not in fact a
protective tariff in the sense in which the term
is now used. The duties which it imposed
amounted on the average to but 81- per cent.
Mr. SCHENCIC. The rate of duty imposed
does not touch this question. To so much of
the gentleman's inquiry as does pertain to the
point I am now making I will reply. He chari-
tably concludes that the fathers of tho Republic,
who made t he Constitution and then proceeded
to legislateunderit, did not pay particular atten-
tion to the language which they used, or know
clearly what they were about. Why, sir, sup-
pose we hero had a preamble of that kind to
the present bill proposing an amendment of
the tariff; does any man doubt that it would
attract attention and provoke debate from gen-
tlemen upon the right and upon the left ?
My friend from Illinois begs the whole ques-
tion. He stultifies the fathers, and endeavors
to get rid of a solemn, clear expression of their
opinion, embodied in such shapeasto be spread
upon the statute-book of the country, and there
taking the form of the most authentic record,
by supposing that they did not know exactly
what language they were using or what was its
significance. I have no reply to make to such
an assumption—none whatever. There stands
the record—written down by those who framed
our national Constitution—that one of the rea-
sons inducing them to impose duties upon arti-
cles brought into the country from abroad was
that they might thus protect and encourage
manufactures at home. There I am willing to
let it stand, with the authority upon the one
side and upon the other: Washington and his
compeers, who settled the plan and powers
and limits of our Government, and then at once
setabout legislating in conformitythereto—and
my colleague [Mr. Wistaks] with his modern
free-trade allies led by new lights around the
old landmarks.
As preliminary to whatever else I shall have
to say, allow me to make another remark about
this question of free trade on the one side (which
by the by is, as 1 have shown, no free trade at
all) and protection by discrimination upon the
other. Gentlemen eite us to the example, and
still more frequently they quote the precept and
teaching, of other countries for our guidance.
Let me give my view upon that subject I am
for free trade amougall the States of this Union
to the most unlimited extent, and I am for the
exercise of the power of Congress to regulate
commerce between tho States by removing
every barrier and obstruction which would
interpose any difficulty in tho transmission of
goods or persons from one State to another.
Therein 1 trust we are all agreed.
But gentlemen quote the theories and the
practice of England, of France, and Belgium,
and of Germany, as against any system which
wo should pursue in this country. Have they
thought sufficiently of the difference between
the United States of America, as a country
filled with free people, a country of free insti-
tutions, and the condition of those countries
whose examples they would have U3 follow? I
can understand how a country, limited in its
territory, limited in the number and variety
of the articles which it furnishes, producing",
it may be, only silks and wines, making, it
inay be, only cotton yarns or cutlery, might
wisb,_ in order to feed its starving population,
its millions of underpaid and ill-fed workmen,
to have brought to its shores freely everything
produced in some other more abounding coun-
try, which could take back in return without
restriction these various limited productions.
But is that the condition of tho United
States? We live here in a country extending
almost from the Arctic circle to the very trop-
ics ; in a country washed by the Atlantic on
one side and the Pacific ou the other, com-
prising all that is most valuable of an entire
great continent, with every variety of soil, with
every, difference of climate, producing every-
thing in abundance to such extent that we may
raise our own cotton and spin it, our own
wool and weave it, our own wheat and grind
it, our own iron and manufacture it; living and
maintaining ourselves independently of all
other nations on the face of the earth. Yet
gentlemen persist in applying to a country like
this the rules of economy and trade which
belong to one of those comparatively insignifi-
cant tracts of country, having little variety of
production and limited forms of labor, and
depending for much on the rest of tho world.
You might as well, sir, undertake to use the
garb of a little child to crowd into it a giant;
or, to make the figure better and more appro-
priate, you might just as well attempt to adapt
the apparel of a great, lusty, growing youth, in
the full tide and vigor of life and of large stature,
to the form of some decrepit, worn-out little
old man. These are things which are not mere
matters of rhetoric. They are facts. They be-
long to tho condition of the country for which,
and in the interest of which, we are called to
legislate; and we can no more properly sunt
our eyes to these things, as matters elementary
in their character to be considered when we
are making laws and settling or maintaining a
system or policy for such a country, than we
can shut our eyes in willful blindness to the
light of the sun which shines above us.
But my colleague from the Xenia district,
[Mr. Winans,] approaching the question of
discrimination for protection as involved in this
bill, and as it is found in the present and all
former tariff laws of the Unitei States, an-
nounces another proposition wliicn struck me
as exceedingly extraordinary. My colleague
will pardon me for this further particular ref-
erence to his argument. I make it the rather
because we are neighbors and friends and of
the same political party, and was surprised to
find so great a variance on this subject between
us. And then, on this point, I think he has
really succeeded in being original. Having
proved to his own satisfaction that the fathers
of the country were wrong, or "asleep," as
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
would have them, when they declared one ob-
ject to be regarded in imposing revenue duties
was to protectour own manufactures, and hav-
ing laid down the broad ground as conclusively
established by his argument that any discrim-
ination therefore for the purpose of protection
w;is unconstitutional, he hit upon this singular
view. He said it might happen that even in a
tariff imposed only for the purpose of revenue
some benefit or good might come to some inter-
est, of the country; but if it did, it was a mat-
ter that could not be helped and was to be
deprecated. I do not think anybody else ever
got up to that. But not to be unfair, let mo
quote his very words:
"A constitutional tariff forrovonuc may, it is true,
operate incidentally to protect domestic manufac-
tures. nod in suoh ease it cannot bo helped, but is to
be dcprecated."
Mr. WINANS. Let me stute my reason.
_ Mr. SCHENCIv. 1 am dealing with conclu-
sions. 1 am not bound to consider the gentle-
man's reasons for saying these things. It is a
proposition to which he arrived perhaps logic
ally.
Mr. WINANS. One of the reasons for that
conclusion which I stated in my argument was
this, that while it increased the price of the
goods to the consumer it gave no benefit to
the Government, and therefore ought to he
deprecated.
Mr. SCHENCK. As I said before, I have
nothing to do with my colleague's reasons. I
suppose he had a reason for it, or he would
not have said it. But I must say he has given
rather an unfortunate one for it now, for it
happens that in the last four years, when we
have had a higher tariff than ever before, we
have derived far more revenue from customs
than ever before. Even while we are living
under a tariff which I myself think is need-
lessly high on some articles for prote«tion, and
in some cases makes unfair discriminations, that
argument of my colleague fails him. It is
totally demolished by the facts.
His doctrine is this: a tariff can only consti-
tutionally be laid for revenue ; it may be that
in laying it even for revenue alone some citizen
or some home interest will be helped ; but that
is a pity and to be deplored. Great Heaven!
is that to be our idea of government? I always
thought every Government, most of all every
free Government, every nation under any organ-
ism of Government, ought to be regarded as
the great cdma mater of her children, and if,
by her legislation, designed even for the pur-
pose of carrying on public affairs and supply-
ing her ordinary needs, she could shower plenty
broadcast over the land, it was a thing every
patriot ought to congratulate himself on rather
than think it, as ray colleague does, a pity 1
something to be " deprecated I'' What a nar-
row, selfish, heartless, hard policy of govern-
