4X62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Have they lands
in the Indian territory ?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; until 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yery well.
Mr. POMEROY. Bat the right to a home
for them has been secured by three treaties.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Why did the
Senator controvert my proposition? I said
they had a home and lands in Kansas, but
that they had no lands or home in the Indian
territory. Is that true ?
Mr. POMEROY. That is true ; but I said
at the same time that there was a home pro1
vided for them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is there a home
provided?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. By what pro-
vision?
Mr. POMEROY. By three treaties. In the
first place, if the Senator will read the Choctaw
treaty of 1866 he will find that the Choctaws
ceded to the United States ten million acres,
not occupied, for the express purpose of settling
peaceful, loyal Indians from Kansas upon it. A
similar provision was made in the Creek treaty
as well as in the Cherokee treaty, by which there
was ceded to the United States for this purpose
all the territory west of the ninety-sixth mer-
idian of longitude. That whole region is not
occupied to-day, and the President may select
a home for these Indians upon any of those
lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has he done it?
Mr. POMEEOY. No, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has anybody?
Mr. POMEROY. No; he has not any
authority to do it, so far as the making of an
appropriation of money is concerned.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then, does the
Senator controvert my proposition that at pres-
ent they have no home provided for them ?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir. The object of
this amendment is to enable the President to
provide a home for them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I hardly
see what the Senator controverts.
Mr._ POMEROY. If they had had a home
provided for them they would have had a
home long ago. I ask this appropriation to
enable the President, or the Department of the
Interior, which means the same thing in this
connection, to provide a home for them, and
to have the money to secure their removal.
The Senator comes in and says they have not
got any home. Very well, here is provision
made to secure them, one; and I want them to
have a home under the provision of the treaties
to which I have referred, and that is the reason
I urge this amendment to this bill. It is a very
poor answer to say to me "You have not got
what you want."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator does
not report me correctly.
Mr. POMEROY. I am trying to do so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I took excep-
tion to the Senator's remark read from the
document I now hold in my hand, which he
indorsed, that he desired to appropriate money
to send them to their home in the Indian coun-
try, implying that they had a home there.
Mr. POMEROY. Is not that the language
of the document?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator mean to say that the language of the docu-
ment is accurate ? He did say it; and that
was what I took exception to.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senators will allow
me, the facts are these: a district of country
west of the ninety-sixth meridian and east of
the Arkansas river has been selected by the
Osages for their future home, and a number
of them are now on it; and that is what is
referred to by the Departmewt document which
the honorable Senator from Maine holds in his
hands. They call it their home; they have not
a legal title to it yet; but it has been selected
by the Osages for their future home.
Mt. MORRILL, of Maine. Precisely; so I
understand; and I take no exception to that
explanation; but I did take exception to the
idea conveyed to the Senate by the honorable
Senator from Kansas, that all he wanted was a
little money to carry these people to a home
awaiting their arrival. I said that was not
accurate, and I am borne out.
Mr. POMEROY. I read and quoted simply
the language of the Department. If they ex-
pressed it too strongly, I did; that is all. Undo?
the rule of the Senate an item recommended
by a Department may be placed on an appro-
priation bill; and on that account I read the
recommendation of the Department, so that the
Senator from Maine might not raise an objec-
tion to my amendment that it was not in order
under the rale.
Now, Mr. President, I want to add a word
which the Senator from Maine says I failed to
add before, and- that is what effect this will
have on the Indians. He thought I could see
very clearly that it would benefit the State of
Kansas, that it would promote peace and pros-
perity there, and that I did not see beyond
that. Mr. President, in my whole life I never
lost sight of the poorest and weakest child of
Adam. I have defended the Indians and the
negroes; I have taken up the poorest and the
weakest, and insisted upon it that they had
rights which should be respected. I do not
despise even the Indian. I insist upon it that
1 would not, if it were possible, urge a measure
that would secure his extinction. I believe
him to be a man made like other men, origin-
ally only a little lower than the angels. He
has been crowned with immortality and eternal
life, and I am not the man who would crush
out any human being or pursue a course that
would lead to the extinction of any race.
Every member of these tribes is a man or is
susceptible of being, and crowned with all the
rights and dignity of men.
But it has been foreordained, as I think, that
there shall be Indians in the Indian country.
We have found what it was to put them in iso-
lated places among the whites. Go with me
to the Onondagas of New York; go down to
Oldtown, in Maine, and see your little handful
of Indians there; go with me to the little reser-
vations in your own State of Michigan, sir,
[Mr. Howard in the chair,] and you will see
that surrounded by the whites they do not ad-
vance year by year as other races do. The
negro will assimilate, the Chinaman will assim-
ilate, any race on earth but the Indian will
assimilate and learn from the whites; but the
Indians will not. These Indians had better be
with Indians. They advance faster in civiliza-
tion apparently when kept away from the cor-
rupting influences of the whites. Therefore,
as a measure of humanity for securing their
highest interest, desiring that they should have
a peaceful and quiet home in the Indian coun-
try prepared for them, as the Senator from
Iowa has well said, and as the Secretary of the
Interior says, waiting for him to have authority
to remove them to, I have moved this amend-
ment to the appropriation bill, to secure these
objects, and for no others.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. President, I regret exceed-
ingly that the Senator from Maine should have
felt constrained, on various occasions in the
discussion of this question, to speak of the set-
tlers on the frontier as he has done, to charac-
terize them as "lawless marauders," and to
apply to them other kindred epithets. These
people, Mr. President, do not need any defense
from me, or on this floor 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Senator
understand me as having applied this epithet
to settlers?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then the Sen-
ator misunderstood me. I said nothing about
" marauders" to-day. On a former occasion
I denounced them as squatters. The men to
whom I applied the epithet of " marauders"
were those who went into the territory without
right, in violation of right, not there by law as
settlers, but there against law as squatters and
trespassers. My remark had no application
whatever to settlers.
Mr. ROSS. I am bound, of course, to accept
the explanation of the honorable Senator, but
I certainly did understand those terms to have
been applied to settlers upon these Indian
lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Nothing was fur-
ther from my purpose, and I took especial pains
to say that these men were not settlers, and it
was because they were not settlers, because they
were trespassers, that I denounced them as
marauders.
Mr. ROSS. However, Mr. President, to
whoever the term may be applied, as I was
about to say, these men on the Indian reserva-
tions who have gone there to make their homes
upon what they have deemed to be public lands,
although in my judgment they were mistaken.^
do not need any defense from tne. A class of
people who furnished twenty-two thousand
men to the Army of the Republic in the day
of its trial out of a population of but one hun-
dred and seven thousand need no defense here.
A class of people who have created iu that
country $400,000,000 of wealth in the last
twelve years by their industry, by their enter-
prise, and by their indomitable courage ; who
have wrested that country from a savage race
which inhabited itlargelyat that time, need no
defense here.
It seems to be a matter of great surprise that
the people of the West should desire to go upon
these reservations; but when the facts are
understood I think it will cease to be a matter
of surprise. We claim out there to have a pop-
ulation which represents the cream of the in-
telligence, the enterprise, and the energy of all
the States of this Union. The fact that they
have succeeded in the creation of wealth in
the West, and the degree of civilization tbey
have there, I think is sufficient evidence of
that fact. Now, why do they desire to go on
these lands? It is because of the energy, the
restless and resistless energy which persists
in development and in the reduction of Jtlie
earth and all the elements to the uses of man.
At the close of the war hundreds of thou-
sands returned from the field and found them-
selves thrown out of the employment which
they had followed previous to that time. They
found their places taken up; they found them-
selves impoverished. This was the fact in all
the States of the East more especially. What
did those men do? They were men of intelli-
gence, of energy, and of industry. Finding
their places thus taken up by other persons,
they naturally sought new homes in the West.
Going to the West they have gone upon lands
which, at that time at least, were unoccupied,
and which they naturally supposed to be open
to settlement. With regard to these lands,
and especially the Kaw lands, which have been
brought into this discussion, they were aware
that three separate compacts had been made
by those Indians for the sale of their lands.
Three several sales had been made to the Uni-
ted States and not one of them had ever been
executed. Was it their fault? The Indians
desired it; the Secretary of the Interior and
the President recommended the sales, and the
committees of the Senate had indorsed their
recommendation. Now, is it strange that they
should find fault with us that these sales have
not been perfected and executed? Is it strange
that they should be dissatisfied that a large
breadth of our State is sealed up against settle-
ment so far as the effect of the laws creating
the reservations is concerned? It is not; and
I do not consider it unreasonable that they
should demand of us, in every consistent way
they can do, that we shall seek for the sale of
these lands, and their being opened to settle-
ment at as early a day as possible.
It has been claimed that tho Osages are
averse to the saleoftheir lands; that they have
been imposed upon, and that they do n<^t desire
