1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1331
with a constitution that we all approve, and !
no suggestion is made that any human being j
will be benefited by these conditions—condi- j
tions relating not to suffrage, but to the regu-
lation of hercommon schools, a different propo-
sition altogether. , . . , . , e ,
So much for my record, which is not of much
account anyhow.
Mr. YATES. I am glad to find a new rule
established now, that inconsistencyis a merit.
Mr. STEWAHT. Follow that rule the next
time you do wrong and change your life at
once.
Mr. President, I did not intend to prolong
this discussion, and I submit that it lias been
prolonged by interruptions which have been
entirely pleasant to me. I will now conclude
liv saying that I hope we shall have a vote soon,
and 1 trust that what I have said will not have
a tendency to prolong the debate to a late hour.
I hope we shall get a vote to-night.
Mr. W1LLEY. Mr. President, the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] just now enun-
ciated a proposition which, if it be a sound
one, must induce me to change my position
in regard to this bill. If believing that certain
provisions are unconstitutional, those provis-
ions be incorporated in the bill after I have
voted against them individually, is is incon-
sistent and improper still to vote for the bill
when I have done all 1 could to exclude from
it unconstitutional provisions, then I must vote
against this bill. I did not deem it iticonsist- :
ent to vote for the Virginia bill with propriety i
or with the obligations of the oath which I had i
taken to support the Constitution. I had voted
againstthe imposition of the fundamental condi-
tions attached to that bill. I desired that Vir-
ginia should be admitted speedily to representa-
tion. I did everything which I could to pre-
vent that bill from being burdened with pro-
visions, the constitutionality of which I doubted.
After I had done that, I did not feel that there
was any impropriety, any violation in point of
truth and fact of my obligation to support the
Constitution, in voting for the bill with those
provisions in it. If in those fundamental
conditions there be nothing but what js essen-
tial, but what is necessary to a republican form
of government, then there is nothing in the
conditions that is not already in the Constitu-
tion, because the Constitution requires that the
United States shall guaranty to every State a
republican form of Government. If, therefore,
these conditions are essential to that guarantee,
if there can be no republican form of govern-
ment in Mississippi, or could not have been in
Virginia without those conditions, then the
obligation is in the Constitution and is higher
than any obligation you can put into a statute.
But if those conditions, as I believe, go fur-
ther than this and require of Mississippi, and
did require of Virginia, more than was essen-
tial to the guarantee of a republican form of
government, then they contain more than we
have a right to put there under the Constitu-
tion, and therefore they were void and of no
binding effect; and believing them to be void
if they went thus far, and of no binding effect,
I thought that after I had done all I could to
prevent them being put in the bill I might 3ret
vote for the bill, because they would in no wise
actually bind or have any effect upon Virginia
if they were unconstitutional ; because they
would be in point of fact nothing more than
what I said in regard to the condition imposed
upon Nebraska, so much brown paper. Being
desirous for the admission of Nebraska, I
thought I might consistently vote for the bill
with the fundamental condition upon it, and
so 1 voted in the case of Virginia. Why, sir,
look at the very preamble to this bill; how
doe3 it read ?
Whereas the people of Mississippi have framed
 n<l adopted a constitution of State government
which is republican.
Without these conditions, " which is repub-
lican." The very bill on its face enunciates the
fact that without these conditions the consti-
tution of Mississippi is republican. Well, sir,
what more can Congress require? What more
can be required by the United States, upon
whom rests the obligation to guaranty to this
State a republican form of government? Pier
constitution is republican. Will she violate
that constitution? Will she fail to observe the
obligations required of her by that constitu-
tion ? When she does, then let Congress inter-
pose. Have we any right; is there any con-
sistency in any previous interposition ? Where
is the propriety of it? Is there not a law of
wisdom in such legislation? Let us wait until
the time comes when she shall depart from her
republican form of government and violate its
provisions so as to require the interposition
of the United States to execute the guarantee
imposed upon the United States by the Con-
stitution. Then, sir, we can adapt our remedy
to the grievance ; then we can adapt our rem-
edy to the wrong, and we can then act advis- ;
edly in our legislation. Therefore, where is
the authority for this kind of an attempt to
forestall the future by legislation based upon a
bill of this character?
And then, sir, I have objection to the fund-
amental conditions themselves. I beg Sen-
ators to look at the third fundamental condi-
tion, the one that has created the most debate
in this Chamber. What is it? It reads :
That tho constitution of Mississippi shall never
■be so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen
or class of citizens of thoUnited States of the school
rights and privileges secured by the constitution of
said State.
What constitution? We do not propose to
prohibit Mississippi from ever amending or
changing her constitution. What constitution
is here referred to ? The existing constitution ?
It does not say so. If the constitution of
j Mississippi shall over hereafter be amended
there still will be a constitution of Mississippi.
To what constitution does this clause refer?
Always to the existing constitution. Suppose,
; sir, that Mississippi were to amend her consti-
i tution in regard to the provision she makes
for her primary or free-school system, must
: the administration of that system in Missis-
sippi still be confined to the provision of this
constitution and no other?
Why, sir, this is a new enterprise in the State
of Mississippi. This school system had not
been adopted in the southern States hereto-
fore. It has not as yet been tested by expe-
rience whether this identical school system
ordained in the constitution of Mississippi will
be the better one or not. Very probably expe-
rience will dictate that a wiser, a better, and a
more liberal system shall be adopted. 1 think
in the progress of time we shall have more
liberal school systems everywhere than we have
now ; that there will be a more liberal, enlarged
policy, and more efficient legislation for the
purposes of popular education than exist now.
If in the progress of time and by the advance-
ment of civilization, as experience shall dic-
tate and determine, it becomes necessary to
make a better system of schools in Mississippi
than now exist, shall we be trammeled by this
fundamental condition still to adhere to the
old system ?
And, sir, how much of the advantages and
the privileges of this system are secured by the
fundamental condition to the people of Missis-
sippi ? Of the advantages are they to be equally
entitled to them? Nay, if a spirit exist there
to evade the obligations of this constitution,
which Senators seem to apprehend, may they
not comply with this fundamental condition by
allowing certain classes of citizens to partici-
pate to some extent, but not to an equal extent,
in the benefits of the school system ? There is
nothing in this system to prevent that discrim-
ination that they shall not have equal benefits
with other classes of citizens in that State.
Therefore, the provision itself does not seem
to accomplish what Senators seem to suppose
that it does.
But, sir, if we are to be held to the obliga-
tion of our oaths, as being consistent, if voting
for a bill which has in it provisions which
seem to us—those of us who voted for the Vir-
ginia bill—to be unconstitutional, then I must
have this bill amended before I do it; and I
now give notice of a proposition which I shall
offer, and it is to strike out nil after the word
that," in line forty-two of this bill, and insert
in lieu of the conditions here imposed this
proviso:
Provided further. That so mueli of the act of Con-
gress entitled "An act to admit the State of Virginia
to representation in the Cungrcs-j of the United
States." approved .January 2t>, 1870.as declares Vir-
ginia entitled to representation upon certain funda-
mental conditions therein expressed, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
I want to stand fair upon the record. I want
to stand upon the obligation of my oath, and
if the integrity of the oath which we take here
as Senators is to be impeached because we
1 vote for a bill containing in it provisions which
I we think are unconstitutional, then, sir, I want
to make my record fairer than 1 have done
already, and before I can give my vote for this
bill I want either to determine that there is no
inconsistency in the position which I have
heretofore taken or I want what we have done
in the case of Virginia wiped out 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. WILLEY. If my friend 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to know whether
| my friend from West Virginia thinks there was
any impropriety in his having voted for the
Virginia bill with a clause in it which he deems
! unconstitutional?
Mr. WILLEY. I did not think so at the
; time, else 1 had never given the vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend think so
now?
Mr. WILLEY. I do not like to do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend think of
Mr. WILLEY. Well, sir, I am very often
influenced by what may be the judgment of
others, and especially of a Senator so grave
and so distinguished as the Senator from Ver-
mont, to whose judicial opinions I bow with so
much deference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This i3 a question of
religion, not of law.
Mr. WILLEY. If the Senator from Ver-
mont, and other Senators with him, think that
there is impropriety in voting for a bill under
the circumstances which I have stated, it would
cause me to examine with a great deal of scru-
tiny the question whether there was not some
impropriety in doing it. If there is such an
impropriety as the Senator from Vermont
deems it his duty to mention, then, sir, I think
it becomes those of us who voted for that bill,
believing there were some unconstitutional pro-
visions in it, to hesitate before we vote for this
bill with the same provisions in it.
I declared a few days since that the bill for
Virginia having been passed, and those condi-
tions having been put upon the Virginia bill,
my regard for that good old State, and my re-
gard for what I thought was justice to the State
and fair dealing all around, would justify me in
resisting any effort to take off the conditions
on the Mississippi bill. I thought the two
States ought to stand upon an equality; and if
Virginia was to be shackled by these condi-
tions, Mississippi ought to be shackled with
them too; because Mississippi comes here with
no cleaner hands and with no greater title to
our consideration than did Virginia.
I throw out this suggestion, and I shall offer
this amendment in due time, if that is to be the
sense of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President—
The VICE PRESIDENT, ihe Chair will
state to the Senator from West Virginia that
the present is the proper time tor his amend-
ment. The question is on striking out ail
after the words " United States" in line four.
If the portions proposed to be stricken out
should stand in the bill, his amendment would
not be in order. It is in order now to amend
