1332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
the words proposed to be stricken out. If they
shall be retained by the vote of the Senate,
they cannot then be amended.
Mr. WILLEY. Then, sir, I propose to offer
this amendment: to strike out all of the bill
after the word "that" in line forty-two, and
insert what I send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia moves to strike out all
after the word "that" in line forty-two, and
to insert in lieu thereof what will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
That so much of the act of Congress entitled " An
act to admit tho State of Virginia to representation
in the Congress of the United States," approved
January ~G, 1870, as declares that Virginia is admit-
ted to representation upon certain fundamental con-
ditions therein expressed be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I would ask
my friend from West Virginia one question.
"Why, if it is desired to make the action uni-
form, he does not extend this to the other
States that have been admitted on conditions?
Mr. WILLEY. If it would suit the Senator
from Indiana better I will so amend my prop-
osition.
Mr. MORTON. No, Bir.
Mr. WILLEY. I did not go that far, because
I did not think that was germane to this bill.
But I will answer the question a little more
fully.
Mr. President, after years upon years of
legislation in this matter of reconstruction,
after experiment upon experiment, after the
fullest deliberation and the benefits of all the
experience we could get, we did solemnly enact
that if Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas would
do certain things required in the act which we
passed we would accept them and admit them
to representation ; and I aver that Virginia did
everything that was required, and I aver that
Mississippi has done everything that was re-
quired, and the bill which we propose to pass
in its very inception declares that she comes
here* with a republican government, and we
know that she comes into Congress with an
unexceptionable representation, both in regard
to the character of the men personally, and if
there be anything in the argument, in regard
to the character of the men politically. She
has complied with every obligation and every
stipulation which we imposed upon her.
And now, if the Senator from Indiana presses
the argument home upon us, I will say that I
have regarded that Congress is not acting with
the best of faith if, after having made a distinct
and>8oiemn proposition, and after it has been
complied with to the very letter, when there is
no question as to the manner in which it haB-
been complied with, further obligations and fur-
ther conditions are required upon the part of
the State. If these conditions were neces-
sary they ought to have been propounded in
the bill originally and presented to the consid-
eration of the people of Virginia and Missis-
sippi, and if they had come in then, after they
had been thus proponnded and offered, and
had been accepted by them, well and good.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from West
Virginia, Mr. President, is a little mistaken in
his facts. We did not, as I understand it, Bay
either to Virginia or to Mississippi that if they
would adopt these constitutions and adopt the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments of the
national Constitution they should be admitted.
On the contrary, we said in explicit language,
as it stands in the statute-book, that we re-
served to ourselves the right to review the whole
history of the subject, and we declared in the
first reconstruction acts also, that until they
were absolutely and finally admitted to repre-
sentation, we reserved to Congress a paramount
authority over the whole subject. All that we
said that he alludes to was that two or three
things they should do in advance, before even
we were called upon to reconsider and review
the subject.
Now, my friend from West Virginia is per- j
tectly sincere. No man respects his sincerity 1
more than I do; but if he will only take the
trouble to read the statutes, which are the
voice of Congress, he will find them to read
exactly as I have stated.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont yield ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. WILLEY. I have read the statutes,
and no doubt they are as the Senator states.
But I will ask him whether he did not consider
when that statute was passed, and whether he
did not understand when it was passed, that
if the State of Virginia, or any of these States,
fairly, honestly, and squarely did what was
required of them in that reconstruction bill,
then they would be accepted, and the reserva-
tion was that we might see whether they had
fairly and squarely and honestly complied with
the conditions which we have imposed upon
them ; and that was the reason of the clause in
the law that reserved to us the right to act
upon it afterward? Now, will the Senator say
whether it was not his understanding that if
Virginia fully, squarely, and fairly complied
with those conditions she was to be admitted?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, Mr. President,
under such terms and guarantees as the situa-
tion when we should act would require us to
employ. I moved this provision myself. I
should not have alluded to this fact but for
the fact that the Senator from West Virginia
puts an interpretation upon it and calls for
my interpretation of it. I moved it for the
purpose of reserving to the Congress of the
United States plenary, express, and unques-
tioned power, both legally and morally, to
impose just such conditions, require just such
guarantees and stipulations as should seem to
it best when the question should be presented;
and that amendment was agreed to without a
division, and unanimously; and I therefore
have a right to suppose it means what it says.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont says his amendment was agreed to unani-
mously.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I say.
Mr. THURMAN. By the Senate unani-
mously?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg to say, for one, that
I never consented to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Silence, according to the
custom of this body, gives consent. Whether
my friend from Ohio was here at the time or
not I do not know.
Mr. THURMAN. I was here at the time.
I remember very well that the amendment was
offered by the Senator. I thought it a most
objectionable amendment. I thought it was
intended to leave open to Congress to do about
what has been done. I thought it was most
likely to deceive the people of Virginia and
Mississippi and Texas and I never did agree
to it.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest, Mr. President,
that probably the honorable Senator from
Ohio is talking about a different thing from
that which the Senator from Vermont is talk-
ing about.
Mr. THURMAN. I am talking about the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ver-
mont to the bill in respect to Virginia, Mis-
sissippi, and Texas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, let
us return once more. It is not very important
whether it was unanimously agreed to 
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. My question is whether the
Senator refers to the seventh section of the act
authorizing the submission of the constitutions
of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas, approved
April 10, 1869?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ithink that is th« section.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the question because
1 think there is nothing in that section which
justifies the Senator 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a little more than
a question. I will hear my friend's speech
after I have concluded ; I only gave way tor an
inquiry. Now, to come back to the question
between my friend from Ohio and myself. I
said that that provision was agreed to by the
Senate unanimously. It' he says he voted
against it, I withdraw the observation. I re-
membered that there was no debate and no
division, and I heard no vote in the negative.
I had looked at the Globe and found the usual
entry of an amendment being agreed to, with-
outany division, without any count; and there-
fore I said it was agreed to unanimously. My
friend from Ohio says it was not, and I with-
draw the observation. I repeat, however, that
it was agreed to, and I think we shall not have
any quarrel about trifles on this point.
Mr. STEWAIIT. If the Senator from Ver-
mont will allow me 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Unless my friend wishes
to ask me a question, I must be excused from
giving way. I cannot allow even my friend
from Nevada to interpose an argument into
the course of my remarks.
Mr. STEWART. I only wish to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I give way.
Mr. STEWART. The provision referred to
is " that the proceedings in any of said States
shall not be deemed final or operate as a com-
plete restoration thereof until their action re-
spectively shall be approved by Congress."
Is it not a fair implication that they shall be
admitted when their action is approved by
Congress ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Undoubtedly; and that
is exactly what we are going to do.
Mr. STEWART. Then I ask whether the
Senator from Vermont disapproves of that pro-
vision in the constitution of Mississippi which
provides for common schools?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must say that I do not.
I approve of it highly. That is one part of
their action that satisfies me decidedly, and I
intend that it shall stay their action until the
people of this nation are willing that it should
be changed. That is my position.
Now, my friend from West Virginia is much
troubled about a remark that I made in con-
nection with the speech of the Senator from
Nevada. I beg him to understand that I do
not set up my opinion as the guide of any
man'8 conscience but my own, and that I yield
to him the same right to judge as to the pro-
priety of his own conduct in voting for one
law or another that I claim for myself; and I
shall respect him just as highly if he consci-
entiously believes that he can vote for a law
having an unconstitutional provision in it, as
I shall respect myself and ask him to respect
me for thinking the reverse as to myself. It
is not a question of law, it is a question of
honest, conscientious opinion. I have heard
it defended before, but it never struck me as
being defensible for me. It is so for him be-
cause he thinks so. I do not quarrel with
him; I do not quarrel with any man for vot-
ing upon his convictions. The trouble is that
we do not do it often enough, though I know
my friend from West Virginia always does.
Now, what is this case ? It is worth while,
perhaps, to devote a little time to the con-
sideration of the question. As one of the
minority in the Judiciary Committee I have
felt obliged to appeal to the Senate against the
judgment of those who are older and wiser in
that committee than I am, to prevent it, if
I can, from presenting the spectacle to this
country, to intelligent men of all classes and
all parties, of having coolly three weeks ago,
by a strict party vote, imposed upon Demo-
cratic Virginia a series of stipulations which it
would refuse to impose upon Republican Mis-
sissippi. That is the only difference between
the two States. The constitution of Virginia
was just as good as the constitution of Missis-
sippi. They are very much alike. The peo-
ple of Virginia are just as patriotic, just as
