4164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
tion I make would seem to be important in the
way of instructions to the President of the
United States to execute the whole force of
that treaty, and thus remove the Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. It may be an improvement
on the text of the treaty; but yet I doubt it.
" Itfis also agreed by said contracting parties"—
I suppose that means the United States on
the one hand and the Great and Little Osage
Indians on the other—
" that if said Indians should agree to remove from
the State of Kansas and settle ou lands to be pro-
vided for them by the United States in the Indian
territory on such terms as may be agreed on between
theUnited States andthe Indian tribes now residing
in said territory, or any of them, then the diminished
reservation shall be disposed of by the United States
in the same manner and for the same purposes as
hereinbefore provided in relation to said trust
lands."
It seems to be imperative 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
thinks, then, I presume, that there is authority
by the treaty.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then will the
Senator allowmeto ask him what the necessity
of this legislation is?
Mr. HARLAN. I was coming to it. The
necessity for it is this: the Indians are not will-
ing to sell their lands in this way and take the
proceeds of the sale as they may arise in the
ordinary mode of disposing of them. They say
they never see the money when the lands are
sold in this way; it passes through so many
Bands, in such small sums, that it sticks to the
fingers of other people, and they never get it.
They desire to sell their lands for a sum cer-
tain, and they wish to have that amount as
agreed upon paid either to them or put to their
credit on the books of the Treasury of the
United States, so that they will know how much
they are to get. They do not want to trade
for "a pig in a poke." They want to know
how many dollars they are to receive for their
domain when they dispose of it; and that is the
reason it became necessary, as it was thought
by the Government, to negotiate the treaty of
1868, in which they proposed to abrogate the
provision of the treaty of 1865 in relation to
the trust lands. After waiting three years, they
have received not a dollar of money from the
proceeds of the sales of the trust lands. It cost
the Government nearly one hundred thousand
dollars to survey these lands and pun them into
market.
My memory now is that about eighty-eight
thousand dollars was the cost of the survey.
The total amount of sales up to the close of
the first quarter of the present year, the end of
last March, was less than forty-two thousand
acres, amounting to a little over fifty thousand
dollars, but a fractional part of the amount of
money already expended by the Government
in surveying the lands. The Indians know
this just as well as white people. They say,
''We have never seen a dollar of the proceeds
of the sales of the trust lands, and we fear we
never shall; we have waited three years, and
have received nothing; but we are willing to
sell the whole of our lands, the trust lands and
the diminished reserve, for a sum certain."
They say they derived more benefit from the
sale of a small strip twenty-seven miles wide
to fifty miles long, from the eastern end of their
tract, than they have ever derived from any
other sale; and why? Because the Govern-
ment agreed to give them $300,000 for it, to
place that sum to their credit on the books of
the Treasury and pay them five per cent, in-
terest per annum. They have, therefore, been
receiving since 1865 ipl5,000 a year as in-
terest on the proceeds of the sales of the tract
lust named, and not a dollar from any other
source. That small tract of land, numbering
but a few hundred thousand acres, yields them
something; but they get nothing from the trust
lands as yet, and they fear they never will get
anything from them. They know the quality
of these lands just as well as anybody does,
ihey know that some of the lands are verv
valuable, the lands lying in the valleys of the
streams, such as the verdigris and other small
rivers. There the soil is very fertile, and the
land very desirable for agricultural purposes;
but they know that on the ridges and the
plains, especially toward the western part of
this district of country, known as the Salt and
Potash plains, the land is about worthless.
They know this as well as anybody does, and
they desire to sell their lands therefore for a
fixed price, for an amount to be agreed on be-
tween them and the Government. They will
not go, in my opinion, if the amendment pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from Maine
should be adopted. They will say, " We never
agreed to give up these lands in that way; we
fear we shall never see any money as the fruits
of sueh a sale; we never have from the other."
And it is to meet that conviction in the mind of
the Osages (and I am not sure they are far
wrong) that the committee framed the proposi-
tion as it was presented by the Senator from
Kansas.
If I were an Osage Indian I would prefer to
sell my land for a sum certain, and let the pur-
chaser dispose of it as he chose. I would far
prefer this at a small price per acre than to
undertake to have it sold by a trustee at a
i larger price covering a long period of years in
the sale. So would any member of this body
acquainted with the character of the public
lands in the western States and Territories.
The owner of the land always does better when
he sells a whole district or a whole tract for a
sum certain than he can do by putting it in the
hands of a trustee for sale.
But if it should be the judgment of the Sen-
ate that it is better to adopt the amendment
proposed by the honorable Senatorfrom Maine,
and see if the Indians will agree to it, no harm
can grow out of it, so far as I can see, except
the great delay that it will occasion. It is
simply a reiteration of the proposition that is
now on your statute-books. The Indians know
that that is the law now ; they know that they
can dispose of their lands in that way if they
choose. The reason it has not been done is
because up to this time they have refused to
do it. Now, they may agree to it in the future,
but if they do, it will be from a sense of the
wrongs they are suffering because of the smart
of the injuries they are now receiving. They
may feel that the extinction of their tribe will
be the result of remaining longer where they
are, mixed up with the white people. They
may, therefore, accept the proposition of the
Senator from Maine, as a last resort to pre-
serve their existence and to avoid a war that
would result in their extermination. But up
to this time they have refused to do it; and 1
had supposed from what I had heard from the
honorable Senator that he was not disposed
to coerce these Indians to agree to any prop-
osition whatever—that he desired to secure
their free consent. If they could be induced
to give their free consent to his proposition,
the law is now sufficient. I prefer myself the
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator
from Kansas, because I believe it is just to the
Indians and just to the United States, that it
inflicts no wrong on any one, and that it is the
east the Indians will agree to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Maine to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I have submitted to the
Senator from Maine an amendment, which I
should like to have him accept as a substitute
for his. It has two or three provisions in it
that his has not. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine proposes to sell these lands
"as other public lands;" and what is the first
thing to be done? To offer them at public
sale. I trust the Senator from Maine does not
intend to do that. If you offer these lands
at public sale you do not know that you will
get anything for the Indians. The first thing
the Government does is to offer a tract at pub-
lic sale after it is surveyed, and then if there
are no bidders it is open for private entry.
After you have found that there are no bid-
ders, and it has once been offered at public
sale, then men locate college scrip, land war-
rants, and so on. The Senator from Maine
cannot have matured his proposition, because
he desires, I know, to get a good price for
these lands.
Then the second objection I have to the
amendment of the Senatorfrom Maine is that
never in our lifetime,or in the lifetime of any
man now living, will he ever close the ques-
tion under it. You take these lands to sell in
trust, and you will sell the best of them, yon
will sell the valleys and the timber; but the
lands to which the Senator from Iowa has
alluded, those immense plains where neither
timber nor water can be had, you will not sell
in an age, and the Indian in the mean time gets
nothing. I submit to any man that if he
owned this tract, himself, if the Senator from
Maine owned this tract and wanted to realize
something from it, would he want to put it in
the hands of an agent to peddle it out quarter
section by quarter section, when he knew ihat
one half of it would not bring ten cents an
acre? The Indian title will never be extin-
guished under this amendment of the Senator
from Maine without further legislation.
Then, finally, the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections should be reserved for the support of
schools. This land must some time be settled
up, all that is susceptible of settlement; and
no community will be satisfied that has not
anything for the support of schools. In the
amendment which I had the honor to present
I excepted the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sec-
tions in each township for the support of schools.
By doing that you promote the value of the
land, because you will get a better class of
settlers; you can sell the land better. It is a
piece of economy for any large land-owner to
give away the sixteenth and thirty sixth sec-
tions for the support of schools to induce set-
tlement, if for nothing else. That is all left
out by the Senator from Maine ; and his offer-
ing this tract at public sale in the first instance
is ruinous to getting any price for it that he
desires to get.
The measure introduced from the Committee
on Indian Affairs has been matured. It opens
these lands to actual settlers ; it provides that
the Government shall be reimbursed the whole
amount that the Indians ask for the land, and
that when that is done these immense prairies
may be disposed of under the homestead law
or any other law. In that way you close out
the title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection that 1 know of to one modification
suggested bythe Senator from Kansas. As I
understand it, lie proposes first to provide
S50.000 for the expenses of the removal.
Mr. POMEROY. That is because the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs recommends it.
He wants $50,000 to be advanced to remove
the Indians, to be reimbursed from the sale of
the lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not see
why we should insert the proviso he suggests,
that the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections
shall be reserved for the State of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. We reserveinallthewest-
ern country the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sec-
tions for the support of schools. You can sell
lands if there are going to be school-housesbuilt
on some of the sections; and all over the west-
ern States, especially in my own State and the
adjoining Slates, the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections are always reserved, because by tha<.
means there is a school fund for the support
of schools and building school-houses, and
introducing a system of civilization. That
commends itself, I know, to the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
means that is the way Kansas manages her
lands.
