8220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
Mfi,y 4,
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that will not be
adopted.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The object of the
amendment is entirely different from the object
of the original bill. It proposes to take the
lands from the Indians at twenty cents an acre
and pass them over to railroad companies who
will sell them for a much larger amount. I
hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. ROSS. So far as the objection of the
Senator from Connecticut is concerned I do
not think it will avail. He is willing that the
Government shall pay the Indians twenty cents
an acre for these lauds, and get title at that
price. I do not suppose the Government means
to make a speculation out of these lands; but
if it is to do so, I do not see why it should be
uny worse for a railroad corporation than for
t.he United States to engage in such business.
This amendmeut which I have offered is one
of very great moment to the State of Kansas.
It tends to perfect a system of railroads in
that State which will give to it a high degree
of prosperity. Representations have been
made that the people of the State and the
people on these lands are opposed to this
method of disposing of them ; but that is a
mistake, as I know trom my own observation
and association with the people. The Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas has asked for
the adoption of this proposition by a vote of
five or more to one; and I know from associa-
tion with the people on these lands that they
desire that some such method of disposiug of
them shall be adopted. What they want there
is railroads. They are living one hundred or
one hundred and fifty or two huudred miles
from railroads, and they find that, in,that con-
dition of things they cannot get along with any
degree of profit or make any great progress;
and this is the only way yet offered by which
they can get railroads.
If the Senate has paid attention to the read-
ing of this amendment it will have seen that j
there is no monopoly in it. Every acre of the
land is to be appraised, and the limit of the
appraisement is fixed according to its quality.
The people, of whom some twenty thousand,
as stated by the Senator from Iowa—and I
think he iscorrect—are now living on the lands,
have the right under this provision of purchas-
ing their homesteads at $1. 25 an acre. That
is all they ask. They are perfectly willing that
the rest of the land, or its proceeds, should
be devoted to the construction of railroads;
and it. is just as well it should go to them as to
the Government, because if it does not go to
them it will go to the Government and become
a matter of speculation to the Treasury.
This relieves us of the payment of $2,000,000
from the Treasury, which I think is a great
advantage to the proposition. Irt addition to
all that, the corporations are compelled by this
provision to dispose themselves of every acre
of the land within five years after the construc-
tion of the railroads, which will be not more
than sis or seven years from this time, if as
long. Failing to do so the lands revert to the
Government and are to be sold for the benefit
of the Indians. So that there 18 no possibility
whatever of its becoming to any extent a land
monopoly, but it will secure the building of
railroads in our State, which We need, which
every person living in a border State knows we
do need, and without which we can never enjoy
that, degree of prosperity which we desire and
ought to have.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am quite satisfied that
we cannot finish this bill to-nigbt, and them
are some matters that ought to be considered
in executive session, of routine, to be sure, but
important. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HARLAN. I think we can pass the
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no hope of it.
Mr. HARLAN. Let as try it.
Th® VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
The mdtion was agreed to j And tjie Senhte
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. Alter sometime spent In executive
session, the doOrs were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 4, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. George P. Vah Wyck, of New
York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
WAGES OF SEAMEN.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by Unanimous consent,
reported back from the select Committee on
the Causes of the Reduction of American Ton-
nage a bill (H. R. No. 1720) to repeal the pay-
ment of extra wages upon the discharge of
seamen, and for other purposes; which, with
accompanying papers, was referred to the
Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States. j
JOHN C. ABERCROMRIK. !
On motion of Mr. McCRARY, by unani-
mous consent, the bill (8. No. 750) granting a
pension to John C. Abercrombie was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee oti
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred j and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
■ LEVEE AND DRAINAGE COMPANY.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent,reported
from the Committee on Railroads and Canals
a bill (H. R. No. 1954) to incorporate the
Mississippi Valley Levee and Drainage Com-
pany ; which was read a first and second time,
recommitted, and ordered to be printed.
MAIL STEAMERS FOR THE dULF.
Mr. WELLS also, by unanimous consent,
reported from the select Committee on the
Causes of the Reduction of American Tonnage
a bill (H. R. No. 1956) authorizing mail steam-
ship service in the Gulf of Mexico between the
port of New Orleans, Louisiana, and certain
ports in the republic of Mexico ; which was
read a first and second time, recommitted, and
ordered to be printed.
COCIIECO IUVKR, NBW UAMPSHIRfc.
Mr. ELA, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce:
Retained, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to cause a Burvey and report to be made of tb« esti-
mated cost of removing tho obstructions to naviga-
tion in the Coehooo river at Dover, New Hampshire.
MILITARY ADMINISTRATION IS GEORGIA. .
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution 5 which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, a d is,
directed tafurnishto this House copies of all reports
in detail mado by Brevet Major General Alfred H.
Terry, in any way relating to Georgia, nol already
communicated to either branch of Congress.
Mr. BECK asked unanimous consent to sub-
mit the'following resolution:
Whereas it is alleged that General Alfred H, Terry,
the military commander iu the State of Georgia, is
causing citizens of the State of Georgia to bd arrested
and tried before his inilifarysubordinatea foralleged
violations of the laws of the State of Georgia, and
refuses to allow to such citizcns the benefit of the
writ of hahea* corpus, or a trial by jury in the civil
courts: Therefore, . '
■ Be it resolved, That the President of the United
State? be, and he is hereby, requested to infortn this
House by what authority, if any,'citizen* in the Stato
of Georgia are tried for offenses against the laws
of the State, by or before the military officers there,
and why they are denied the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus and a trial by jury in the civil courts of
the State having jurisdiction to try such cases.
Mr. SHANKS and others objected.
Tbe8PEAKER. The resolution is not be fore
ihe House.
Mr. BECK. I would like to know who
objects.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen; among
others the gentleman from Indiana, [ilr.
Shanks. ]
Mr. BECK. Then I call the regular order, ■
and I shall insist on that from now till this
House adjourns on the 4th of July next.
Mr. SHANKS. That does not change my
objection.
ninth census.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the report of the com-
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon the census bill.
The report was read, as follows:
The cotnmitteo of conference appointed by the
Senate and House of Representatives upon >he
disagreeing votes of tlio two Houses on the bill (H,
R, No. 159o) to amend an act entitled "An act pro-
viding for the tatting of tho seventh and subsequent
censuses of tho United States, and to fixthenumber
odf the 14 embers of the House of Representatives, and
! to providefor their future apportionment among the
1 several State?," approved Slay 23,1850, having met,
| after a full and free conference have agreed to recom-
i mend.anddoieoommend to their respectiveHoaseg
as follows: . „
That the Senato recede from its. amendment to the
bill of the House, and agree to the said House bill,
with the following amendment, namely:
Striko out all after the cnacting clause and insert
as fol low?:
That the time allowed for transmitting the said
copy of the returns of the assistant marshals to the
Census Office is hereby further limited, so that the
returns of population upon schedule No. 1, in the act
of May 23,1850, shall be sent to that office on or before
the 10th day of September next, and the complete
returns Upon all the schedules annexed to and made
part of that act, excepting upon the schedule therein
designated as No.. 2. which schedule is hereby re-
voked. canceled, and,declared to be no longer a part
of said act, shall be forwarded to the Census OJSce
before the 1st day of October following: Provided,
That the Secretary of tho Interior shall bo authorized
tn extend the time allowed for returns on the sched-
ules other than those of population, in any case-where
it shall appear to him to be necessary: Provided fur-
ther, That whenever, from tho loss or destruction of
returns, or from causes beyond the control of the
officers charged with the enumeration, it shall be
show n to be iwpracticable to comply with the rey u 1 re-
nieuts of this section, the Secretary of the Interior is
authorized to extend the time allowed for Tender-
ing returns of population, not beyond the 1st day of
October next.
Sbc. 2. And be it further enacted+ That the penalty
provided in the fifteenth section ofSaidactofMay 23,
1850, shall apply to any refusal whatever to answer
e:,her of the inquiries authorized by said act:
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That each assist-
ant marshal or agent shall bo paid for making out and
returning complete copies of the original census re-
turns, as required in the eleventh section of the act
to which this is a supplement, eight cents for each
page of the two copies of the original census returns
required by the said eleventh section.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the oath to
betaken by assistant marshals employed to take the
census shaU be the oath required by the act of 1850,
of which this is an amendment.
And that the House of Representatives concur in
the same.
J. A.GARFIEIiD,
WILLIAM B. ALLISON,
s. s. COX,
Managers on the part of ihe House.
ROSCOE CONKLING,
. .MATT. H. CARPENTER,
' . T. P. BAYARD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
j i Mr. COX.' The chaifipah of the conference
j: committee [Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,] is abseut,
as is also the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Afc-
; lisos,] my other colleague on the committee.
, Although I do not like to press action on the
matter in the absence of my confreres, yet
there is,a great necessity for the immediate
passage of the bill.
: Mr. KE LSEY. Does the report embrace all
j! there will be of the lp,wif the bill be passed?
j Mr. COX, Itdoea.
i! Mr. KELSEY. Then I hope the report will
be adopted.
Mr. COX. I believe this is the only meas-
ure on this subject that will meet the concur-
; 1 rence of the Senate.
Mr. CULLOM. I think the reportought to
be concurred in.
The report was agreeid to. .
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote ty
