1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2277-
I860. What is the report in regard to the Rus-
sian army?
"In this groat military empire tho emperor is Dot
only, as chief of the State, the fountain of military
honor and authority, but lie exercises the active
iunctions of commander-in-chief of the army, much
of his time and personal attention arc given to the
details of its administration and discipline, and on
the occasions of reviews and field exorcises lie often
takes command of the troops in person and conducts
the maneuvers."
The report then goes on and gives the organ-
ization of the army. First the war department.
" The department of tlfe minister of war includes :
1. The bureau of the minister.
1'. Tho go .eral staff and topographical bureau.
3 The burea.uof inspections.
i. The bureau of artillery.
5. The engineer bureau.
!i. The bureau of clothing and equipments.
7. The bureau of subsistence.
The medical bureau.
0. Tne judge advocate's bureau.
10. The bureau of military colonies.
* ^ *■ < *
"The bureau of the minister has charge of tho gen-
eral correspondence. the commissioning and registry
of officers, tho archives, military publications, &c.
Ko general army register is printed, becauseowing
to the great forco of the army, the immense territory
over which it is dispersed, and the peculiar system
of promotion, no register would be sul&ciently cor-
rect for use at the time of its publication. The whole
number of officers in actual service is about twenty
thousand.-" ^ 1 *
"The bureau of tho general staff, at the head of
v.-hidi is an officer styled quartermaster general, is
divided into two principal sections, one of which is
charged with what relates to the distribution and
movements of troops; the other is the topographical
section. The general staff corps is formed by selec-
tion of officers who have served not less than two
years with their regiments in the active army and are
not above the grade of captain." ^ ^
" Tho topographical corps consists of more than one
hundred officers, including several generals, and four
hnndredmen formed into companies of topographers
who are engaged in the general survey of tho empire,
or attached to army corps. ::
" The bureau of inspections, directed by a general,
is charged with the musters and returns of troops
and the recruiting."
And so the report goes on in reference to
the different bureaus; but I will not read it all.
The report also states that "altogether the in-
fantry force of the active army before the late
•war was about five hundred battalions, or
live hundred thousand men." That is what I
stated, that the Russian army consisted of live
hundred thousand men and twenty thousand
officers. Sly statement was then correct, that
our Army had more officers in proportion than
the army of Russia. Their officers are equal
to one to twenty-five men ; in our Army there
is one officer to ten men.
Now, in reference to the staff, I will show
you the comparison between our Army and
foreign armies. The Russian army had a staff,
in 1809, embracing three hundred and sixty
officers all told, (I speak of the staff and not
those detailed on duty under them or in their
bureaus:) ours embraces over six hundred and
thirty. Yet General Sherman says that is not
true. .Let me call his attention to a book
which, perhaps, he has not read lately. I
refer to the Spectateur Militaire, published
in France, and giving in detail the organiza-
tion of all the armies of Europe, and the staff
organizations of those armies. It was pub-
lished in 1809, and is considered the best
authority we can get on the subject. I call
attention to that, which will show whether I
have made a misstatement on that point. It
would be well for it to be read by many officers
who think that they have all the knowledge and
wisdom of the country. It gives a list of the
staff of the Russian army in 1S69, and makes
the total of the staff three hundred and sixty
officers, including generals, colonels, majors,
captains, and all others. Yet General Sher-
man says that my statement is untrue.
Let me go further. I said that tho staff of
tiie Prussian army embraces only one hundred
officers. When 1 spoke of the staff I meant
the staff proper, according to the organization
of the army.' When I speak of the staff of the
United States Army I mean the staff proper.
I did not mean to include everybodywho may
be employed in connection with the staff. Why,
sir, our quartermanter's department a year
ago embraced more than fourteen thousand
employes; but I do not consider all those as
making a part of the staff. I spoke of the staff
proper. The commissioned officers who are
denominated staff officers are those to whom I
intended to refer.
Mr. SLOCUM. I would like to ask the
gentleman one question if he will permit me
to do so.
Mr. LOGAN. I will.
Mr. SLOCUM. Do the staff officers of the
European army include all the engineer offi-
cers, ordnance officers, quartermasters, and
commissaries? Do the three hundred staff
officers in the Russian army include engineers,
ordnance officers, quartermasters, and commis-
saries?
Mr. LOGAN. I will explain the matter
fully to the gentleman if lie will allow me. I
am only sorry that one of my colleagues on the
committee did not examine this whole matter
to the same extent as myself.
In reply to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Slocum,] I will say that the armies of
Europe are somewhat differently organized,
and portions of the departments that the gen-
tleman names are not considered a part of the
staff.
Mr. SLOCUM. That is exactly the point.
Mr. LOGAN. I spoke of the staffs of the
respective armies. I speak of the staffs of
those armies to-day. I will explain to the
gentleman exactly how the matter stands be-
fore I get through, if he will allow me. I was
about to refer to the Prussian army and its
organization in 1855 and 1860. What was it?
"Tho duties of tho staff relate to tho quartering
and sheltering of tho troops in peace and war; the
orders and arrangements for movements, marches,
and maneuvers, under all circumstances; the service
of advanced and rear guards; direction of passage
of rivers, &c.; reconnoissances of tho ground and of
the enemy; surveys and knowledge of tho geography
and topography of the country and field of opera-
tions, means of communication," .to.
That is the language of the report of Major
M ordecai. Then it en umerates th e staff officers.
This is the report of the military commission,
published in 1860:
"One lieutenant general, chief of the general staff;
1 major general, 8 colonels, 6 lieutenant colonels, 29
majors, 18 captains—63 officers."
According to the Spectateur Militaire the
staff is increased to one hundred officers, and
the army numbers about five hundred thousand
men on a war footing.
The entire number of officers in that staff in
1855, according to the organization of the Prus-
sian army, was sixty-three. Those officers are
distributed as follows :
"They are distributed into the great general staff
of the army, and the staffs of army corps and divis-
ions. The groat (central) general staff consisted of
the major general, who was also director of the
trigonometrical section; 1 colonel, 3 lieutenant
colonels, 6 majors, and 1 captains; besides sev-
eral regimental officers detailed for staff duty."
1 "Tho staff of an army corps or
military (geographical) district is charged with all
the correspondence and records relative to the busi-
ness of tho commanding general. In cose of the
sickness or sudden death of the general the eaief of
the staff is authorized to conduct the business of the
command until the king's orders can bo taken in the
case."
Mr. SLOCUM. Does the gentleman wish
the House to understand that what is consid-
ered a staff officer in oar Army is considered
a staff officer in the European armies ?
Mr. LOGAN. I will say to the gentleman
that when a member of the House is making a
personal explanation, explaining his own posi-
tion or action, it is not very usual for him to
be interrupted ; but if the gentleman desires to
enter into a discussion of this matter we will
commence it right here.
Mr. SLOCUM. I do not desire to enter
into any discussion ; but I want this House to
understand, I want the country to understand,
that what we call a staff officer is not called a
staff officer in the European armies. We may
have in our Army six hundred men'doing a
certain kind of duty, and we call them staff,
officers. There may be in a European army
five times as many men doing similar duty,
and they are not called staff officers. I say it,
is unfair to the Army, unfair to the House, to
attempt to make any one believe that we in
our Army are employing more men to perform
a particular class of service than are employed
to perform the same service in the European
armies, because it is not true.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will not
get excited I will explain the exact position
of this question. I do not want the gentle-
man to say that I am trying to deceive the
House.
Mr. SLOCUM. Idonotthinkthegentleman
is trying to deceive the House ; but I do think
that members are likely to be led astray when
they are told that a country supporting an
army of half a million men has but one half
the number of staff officers that we have.
That kind of talk is calculated to lead people
astray.
Mr. LOGAN". I will talk for myself and
the gentleman can talk for himself. Now, sir,
I expected that probably when I was attacked
by saying I had stated what was not true some
one would attempt to cover up this attack on
me. I did not doubt but it would be attempted;
but I will show the gentleman, if he will keep
quiet, that what I stated is true to the letter,
and more than what I have stated is true. I
will show the number of officers and the num-
ber of men we are using for performing the
same duties they are performing there. I will
show that if the gentleman will be quiet.
I say, sir, according to Major Mordecai's
report, the staff of the Prussian army was com-
posed of but sixty-three officers in 1830. Then
1 show according to the last French report, that
of I860, when the Prussian army was enlarged,
when the staff took in more than it did before,
when it took in part of the officers the gentle-
man from New York has referred to, when
those officers were included as a part of fhe
staff—the staff of the Prussian army in 1869
having a staff corps performing all the duties
of commissaries and quartermasters and all the
duties which have been mentioned—the staff
corps of the Prussian army amounted in 1869
to one hundred officers. There is_the report,
and the gentleman can read it for himself. The
staff proper really amounted to aboutone hun-
dred officers, but the attaches to that staff, which
are mere details for duties, may at times greatly
enlarge it. The staff proper of the Austrian
army in 1869 amounted to one hundred and
sixty-five officers ; that is, according to the re-
port I have referred to, made in 1869. There is
the report, and every man can read it for him-
self. The staff of the army of Italy in 1SG9, that
army having been changed, amounted to one
hundred and sixty-five officers. I am speak-
ing of the officers of the staff corps.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I stated the other day
that the staff of the army of France amounted
to five hundred and eighty officers, and Gen-
eral Sherman does not know where I got my
figures. I am not responsible for bis want of
information. I got them out of this book pub-
lished in Paris. ''Five hundred and eighty
total." Total of what? Of the staff corps of
the French army. That, is the number I gave
in the debate the other day. Here it is in this
book, published in Paris, which gives the iistof
the staff corps of the French army in 1869.
There, sir, I show to General Sherman where
I got my information. I obtained my figures
from the report mads by a commission sent
|l out bv the United States, That report was
|| made'in 1860 and published by order of Gon-
i! gress. I obtained my information from the
[i Speciaieur Militaire, published in Pans, of the
l! different armies of Europe, giving a compete
