1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1333
intelligent, just as loyal as the people of Missis-
sippi. We* have no right to say that there
exists any difference in point of tact between
the two £>tflt6S.
It is true thatiu some respects circumstances
of suspicion had crept out from Virginia to us,
so near the capital. But I speak of the body
of the people, those who for the next ten or
twenty years will control the policy and make
Ihe laws of the State. They are a people who
have been engaged in rebellion. They are a
people who have been bred to aristocratic
ideas; they are a people who believe in caste,
and who do not, therefore, desire that the
humble and lower classes of the community
shall be educated and made equal to them-
selves. They have been born to these errors.
I do not speak of it in any other wise than as
a misfortune. But a hundred years have gone
over the white people of both these States
during which they have been educated—bred,
I may say, in and in, to that theory of aristoc-
racy and caste.
The fact that they are conquered does not
change the opinions of the great body of a
community in a moment. It is contrary to
human nature that it should; and I do not
blame a man who was a rebel conscientiously,
for thinking now just as he did before, for he
cannot help it as a general rule. His con-
viction is just the same although he is con-
quered. 1 do not blame him for it, and I
would rather he should say so manfully, than
be a hypocrite and pretend to be converted
when he is not.
What are we to do to such a people? It is
idle to talk to me, I think it is idle to talk to
an intelligent public, about making an analogy
between the restoration of such States and the
admission of a State composed of people in a
Territory who have emigrated from the free
States and been taught in free schools of the
North, who have been brought up in a com-
munity where the rule was the absolute demo-
cratic equality of New England, and New
York, and Pennsylvania, Indiana, and Ohio,
and who come here a homogeneous commu-
nity, all educated, all intelligent, all believing
in the dignity and honor of labor, asking for
admission. I say it is preposterous to institute
an analogy between these two sections of the
country and the principles which should oper-
ate upon their admission here.
We are bound, therefore, as it seems to me,
by every consideration that can appeal to patri-
otic men who have carried the war to a success
to preserve in these communities, now that we
have them in our hands, that equality, that
course of education, that course of social pro-
gress which shall gradually and slowly, but
surely, wipe out and destroy all notions of
aristocracy and of caste that have existed there
hitherto.
No man ought, I think, to question that. I am
merely asserting what to every intelligent and
reflectingmanisalmostatruism. Thenhoware
we to do it? One would suppose, to hear the
debates in opposition to these provisions, that
we were endeavoring to insert into this bill
some monstrous tyranny; that we were en-
deavoring to require this people, when they
ask of us what we are not bound to confer,
admission into the family of States—that we
were endeavoring, as a condition of that admis-
sion, to impose upon them some monstrous
proposition ; that we were endeavoring to com-
pel them to take up slavery, to deny education,
to disfranchise their citizens, instead of simply
asking them to say, and to pledge themselves
to us in a way that will bind them, that they
will stand in good faith by the republican and
truly democratic platform upon which they
have now entered into a new existence. Is it
wrong to do that? Is it wrong to take them at
their word and to say, " If you are sincere, and
ire honest, and are determined to enter upon
this course of new republicanism, you will just
say that you will stand by these free institu-,
with the elements of progress thfet they
contain, and will not, the moment you have
reached the status of a State, turn around and
destroy them all?" It is not degrading to a
State emerging from rebellion, with such a
compound and heterogeneous population, to
ask it of her. It is not degrading for such a
State to promise it and to stand by it.
Now, sir, have we any authority to do this
thing? This is not the first instance in which,
looking to a right and an authority, Senators
and judges and lawyers disagree as to the
sources from which it is to be drawn. Some
gentlemen imagine that this authority is found
in what is called the republican guarantee
clause of the Constitution. I do not think so, I
confess, as it stands upon this particular bill,
because I think that we might change—not
entirely abrogate, it may be, but we might
change either one of these provisions in the
constitution of Mississippi, and the constitution
would be republican still; it might be as effi-
cient still possibly by some change. So that in
order to secure a republican form of govern-
ment in Mississippi, it does not occur to me as
essential that the precise form of security for
suffrage and for education that that constitu-
tion now has should be held to and observed.
But, Mr. President, we certainly, under that
clause, have the power, and no one has yet
questioned it, to guaranty, that is, to secure
to and to uphold a republican government in
every State of the Union; and it must be up-
held by the authority of Congress, representing
the people of the whole nation, because it is
not only the people of one State who are inter-
ested to have republican institutions preserved
among them; it is the people of all the States.
And when, therefore, the time comes that any
State fails within the fair spirit of the Constitu-
tion to maintain republican government within
its borders, there will be plenty of authority for
the United States to interfere and to restore
that to her people which they have lost.
In the case now before us we have an anom-
alous condition of things. We have a great and
powerful community just out of a rebellion
in which they have failed to overthrow the
Government, while they have as an original
community destroyed and overthrown them-
selves. They are asking to come now into the
sisterhood of States, and to be placed upon a
footing which will enable them without our
further guidance or consent to regulate their
domestic affairs in their own way. Is it not,
therefore, if we have the power, right and wise,
that we shall ask of them some binding guar-
antee that they will observe in good faith the
principles upon which they ask us to act?
A State, as has been said on all sides, has
sovereign faculties, and it is out of these very
sovereign faculties of the State of Mississippi
at the moment of her admission that I draw
the authority to bind her to these very condi-
tions that we impose, because a State, having
sovereign faculties and powers, is entitled to
make a compact, or a contract, or an agreement
in respect to the exercise of those powers.
She may agree with her citizens, with a body
of her citizens or with one, that she will never
more tax that citizen; and yet taxation is
one of the highest, I may say the very highest,
attribute of sovereign power. But it has been
decided, and rightly decided, that the State of
Ohio, free and independent and equal as she
is in the language of the law and the lawyers,
may make a contract with a body of her cit-
izens that she will never more impose a tax
upon a particular species of their property, and
that she cannot evade or escape from that obli-
gation by a change in her constitution even,
which theoretically uproots the whole founda-
tions of Government and begins again. That is
the law ; and it is just, because a State being
sovereign, and having power, therefore, to
agree with whomsoever she will upon a subject
of mutual concern, having promised and bound
herself to stand by a particular line of action,
must be held to it; and so ghe has been. The
violation of ^iich c6ntr&ct between independ-
ent powers is redressed by war, between a con-
stitutional State and her citizens, by the calm,
but supreme arm of the law.
A State, sovereign, supreme, administers
justice; and, as has been referred to in the
illustrations used in this debate, one of her
chief faculties of sovereignty is in respect to
her own land laws, determining upon what
principles estates shall descend, determining
upon what laws the rights of tenants shall be
upheld or overthrown; and yet more than
seventy years ago the State of Kentucky en-
tered into a compact with the State of Virginia
by which she agreed that a certain part of the
lands in Kentucky should always be held, and
the rights of persons relating to those lands
should always be measured and regulated ac-
cording to the laws of Virginia and not accord-
ing to the laws of Kentucky. Was not that a
surrender of attributes of sovereignty ? Ken-
tucky maintained that it was, and the Supreme
Court admitted that it was: and yet the Supreme
Court held that Kentucky was bound by her
compact, and that she was bound to administer
over her own citizens, in her own courts, re-
specting her own territory, the laws of a foreign
State—the laws of the State of Virginia.
Nobody was shocked in those days that a
State could have attached to her existeuce a
fundamental rule of action, that she, by her
own will, could not escape from, because she
had entered into it with her own consent.
Therefore I put the ground upon which I
believe in the constitutionality of these provis-
ions upon two clauses in the Constitution of
the United States. The first is that Congress
shall have power to admit new States. While
Mississippi is not in the technical sense, I
admit, a new State, I believe we all agree, upon
this side of the Chamber, that Mississippi
stands in the substantial attitude of a people
without any State government which the Con-
stitution or the laws can recognize, and one,
therefore, that so far as it respects her corpo-
rate capacity, comes into the Union as a new,
revived, or reorganized State ; so that, in sub-
stance and effect, our authority and power over
the State of Mississippi is just as broad at this
moment as if she had never been a State at all,
and applied to us in the capacity of a Territory,
asking to be erected into a State. The power
of Congress to admit new States has in the
Constitution, in respect to the point now in
question, no limitation whatever. It is a power
confided to the discretion of Congress. She
may admit; she may refuse. If she has a con-
stitutional power to admit, has she not the
constitutional power to admit with a compact,
with an agreement, with a condition ? It is
upon the simplest principle of law impossi-
ble to say no, it seems to me; and Congress
has exercised this power from the foundation
of the Government as applied to many and I
believe more than ten different States of the
Union, and in almost all forms.
Then the other clause of the Constitution
upon which I stand is that no State shall make
any law impairing the obligation of contracts.
If the State of Mississippi comes in under this
condition it becomes, by her coming in and
proceeding to exercise the functions of a State
under this grant, an accepted condition. She
chooses to take it and to act upon it, and she
is therefore just as much bound as if she had
passed, as she ought to pass, I agree, for
greater security, a solemn act of her Legisla-
ture which should pledge her express consent
to these conditions. But it is well known to
lawyers, and I need not dilate upon that, that
every party who accepts a grant coupled with
a condition, and acts upon that grant, is just
as much bound by the condition as if he had
expressly assented to it. So that the Congress
of the United States having ample power over
the admission or non-admission of States, and
a State upon her admission having sovereign
power to bind herself as to her future condition
in respect to attributes that would otherwise be
sovereign, out of those two powers I draw for
