1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4165
Mr. POMEROY. Yes; .and it is agood way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But this is a
disposition by the United States of the lands
of the Indians. I do not see any reason why
the Indians should be callcd upon to give up
two sections in each township.
Mr. POMEROY. But the Senator knows
that the Indian is dependent on the sale of
these lands to get his money. How can you
sell the lands unless you hold out an induce-
ment for the settlers, by providing for schools.
Whom will you sell them to?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think that pro-
vision can be made a matter of law. With the
exception of that provision, I have no objection
to modify my amendment by accepting the
Senator's proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not want to offer it
as a substitute if that provision is out.
Mr. ROSS. The principal objection I see
to the proposition of the Senator from Maine
is that this tribe of Indians will most likely,
I think without any doubt, be extinguished long
before these lands will be sold under it, and it
will be many years before the lands can be sold
at the price indicated in the proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. One dollar and
twenty-live cents an acre?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir; at §1 25 an acre.
We have been two years selling forty thousand
acras under the treaty of 1865.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then how does
it happen that twenty thousand men have gone
on these lands, as has been stated here to-day?
Mr. POMEROY. What we have said was
twenty thousand settlers, not twenty thousand
men.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Twenty thou-
sand settlers? How does it happen that they
have gone on in advance if the lands are so
undesirable?
Mr. ROSS. They have simply gone on to
take lands that are desirable. We have never
denied, and it can be said with a good deal of
pride and satisfaction, that a large portion of
these lauds are extremely desirable and valu-
able ; but, the great bulk of them is worthless,
the great bulk is absolutely worthless in the
absence of railroad communication, asthelands
now are, and as they will remain under this
proposition for many years. As I was saying,
if it has taken us two years to sell forty thou-
sand acres under this plan, how long will it
take to sell two million acres? And those
forty thousand acres were the very best of the
reservation.
Mr. POMEROY. Under this proposition
of the Senator from Maine all these lands would
not be sold in one hundred years; the whole
of them never would be sold.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator Irom
Maine to that offered by the Senator from
Kansas.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 19, noes 20.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of the gen-
eral spirit of the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maine; but I can see one prac-
tical difficulty in the way, from my knowledge
of the land laws. I am quite satisfied that
under his proposition probably one halt or two
thiids of this land would be held as a waste
which could not be sold. I presume the Sen-
ator has been over that country. In that coun-
try the valleys and all the lands that can be
reached by water, or contain any timber or signs
of timber, the low lands, are very readily takers
That land is worth probably more than $1 io
an acre. But the high plains would be left tw
a waste foryears and years, and could not proo-
ably be settled under this amendment. Under
the land laws of the United States they would
be settled if the liinitof §1 25 was not attached,
because under the land laws those lands could
be taken under the homestead and preemption
system. I do not know whether the old grad-
uation laws still exist in Kansas or not.
Mr. POMEROY. They have been repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The lands might be taken
under the homestead laws.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Would they be
taken in that way, when there was a right in
the Indians to the proceeds?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly they would;
but at, the same time it would prevent the set-
tlement of this vast region.of country if there
was no way by which this inferior quality of
land could be purchased by private persons.
If the Senator will strike out the limitation of
SI 25 an acre, and say that all the lands not
taken after two years shall be sold by the Pres-
ident of the United States or the Secretary of
the Interior I would have no objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will send to
the Chair the proposition of the Senator from
Kansas and see whether that meets the views
of the Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. Under the proposition
of the Senator from Maine these lands must
first be offered at public sale.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the prop-
osition that I have sent to the desk be read.
Mr. POMEROY. And they will then be
open to scrip and warrants, and the Indians
will never got any of the money.
Mr. ROSS. Before that proposition is read
I wish to make a suggestion to the Senator from
Maine. I think the lands can be sold at SI 25
an acre, and ought to be, if some provision is
made for the construction of railroads through
the reservation. I believe they could be sold for
that price with such a provision, and they could
be sold for double the minimum, or $2 50 for
the reserved sections, and they would not only
be sold at that, but in very much less time,
and very much to the advantage of the people
who live there, and of the State. I make that
suggestion to the honorable Senator. I should
be willing to support liis proposition with that
understanding.
Mr. POMEROY. The proposition of the
Senator from Maine, I will only add, is to sell
these lands in trust, to appoint the United
States as trustee to sell the lands as fost as they
are applied for by the settlers, which of eoursc
means to sell the best of the lands, and leave
the great majority of the lands unsold. I sup-
posed the Senator from Maine was speaking in
the interest of the Indians, because he chided
me for speaking in the interest of the settlers
and of my State to the neglect of the Indians.
Now, I say there cannot be a more cruel prop-
osition to the Indians presented than to take
their lands, allowing the white settlers to have
their choice of them at $1 25 per acrc, taking
the best of them, and then leaving all the rest
unsold, without any money coming to the In-
dians, the lands not being settled at all. It is
the worst proposition that can be presented to
dispose of an Indian  rescrvalion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Maine proposes an amendment, which
will be read. The Chair is not yet aware whether
he offers it as a modification of his former
amendment or not,. The Secretary will read
the paper that has been sent up to the desk.
Mr. MORRILL, ol' Maine. Let him read
my amendment, as it is proposed to be modified
by the Senator from Ohio.
The Chief" Clerk lead as follows:
And be it further enacted. That tho United States
will reeeivo in irust fho lands of the Osase Indians
in the State of Kansas, known as tho Great apu hit-
tie Osage Indian reservations not now held in trust
by the United States bv treaty with said Indians
dated 20ih September. 1!do5, and will dispose ot said
lands as other public lands not subject to the home-
stead laws for cash at a pi ice not less than si -> per
aero, and, after deducting expenses. ot survey and
sale, will hold the proceeds thereof lor the use and
benefit of said Indians. And the secretary of the
Interior, under t'io direction of the President, .is
authorised and directed, with the consent ot saiu
Iudians, to provide lor them a permanent home in
the Indian territory, the cost ot which ami ot tna
removal thereto and for tempoiM1.";. support thereon
to be deducted from the amount received from the
sales of said lands. And alt lands remaining unsold
after two years from tho passage of this aet shall be
disposed of by the Secretary of the Interior without
respect to limitation of price, or in the mode to be
hereafter provided by law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chaii?
understands this to be the amendment of the
Senator from Maine as he wishes to modify it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr, SHERMAN. I will simply say that the
words added there will allow the Secretary of
the Interior after two years to dispose of the
unsold lands, and keep them also subject to
such provisions as Congress may make for
their sale. In my judgment that will be a just
disposition and will give the Indians the full
benefit of their lands, allowing them to be sold
for two years at SI 25 an acre under the land
laws for cash, which, I believe, would cover
all the claims made by settlers upon these
lands, and it would provide for the sale of the
rest of the land at the end of two years, reserv-
ing the power of Congress over the sale of that
I A nOPOOifOY*
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kansas.
Mr. CORBETT. The Osago bill as pre-
sented by the Committee on Indian Affairs
originally provided for paying these Indians
$2,000,000 for their lands, which was to be
placed to their credit and from which they were
to draw interest. We gave them a certain sura
of money at once, from which they could real-
ize the interest. It seems to me that it is bet-
ter for us and for the Indians to fix a certain
sum of money which we are willing to give
them, and take these lands as we always have
done, and sell them to settlers until wc reim-
burse the Government, as provided by the bill,
the amount of money that we pay to the Indians,
and then leave the lands open to settlement,
as other public lands are, by taking them up
or by selling them, a? the Government may
determine. The Indians have not the right to
dispose of these lands to any one but the Uni-
ted Slates Government. 'They have a possess^
ory right to the lands, and they can dispose of
that right to"the United States Government,
but to no one else without the consent of the
Government. The United States have re-
served certain rights to themselves, that they
may establish such rules for the benefit of the
settlers taking up these lands as they may think
best.
If the settlers had not settled upon these
lands, they certainly would not be worth any-
thing like the amount of money that is now
proposed. The chief value of these lands now,
as 1 conceive, is owing to the settlement of
them by the settlers who have gone upon them.
For us to say now that the Indians shall have
the benefit of all the improvements by the set-
tlers on the lands at §1 25 an acre, and that
the Government shall pay the expenses of the
sale of the lands and their survey, it seems to
me would be unjust to the Government.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 'I he expenses
of the survey and sale are all deducted.
Sir. CORBETT. Not in your proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. CORBEL1']?. I did not notice that there
was anything said about that. There are be-
tween three and four thousand of these Indians,
and there are eight million acres of these lands.
If they should all be sold at $1 25 an acre, that
would amount to about ten million dollars that
tho Government are to pay these three or four
thousand Indians. I say the Government have
never paid any tribe of Indians anything hk^
that amount of money. They have always pai^
them what was considered a fair price tor t.ie-i
possessory rights, and given them a sufhciei t
amount of money placed at interest to supoo.'
them well and comfortably; but for us now >
give these Indians $1 25 an acre for this et> n o
tract of land, amounting to ovei ten mulio.i
