2278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
list of their several staff corps in 1869. There
is where Igot my information. Iff am wrongly
informed all Ihave to say is that I read the only
books I could find, and when I had referred to
these official documents I want to know why I
should be charged with stating what was not
true.
Let me go a little further. The gentleman
from New York calls my attention to the fact
that this part of the army in the French ser-
vice and ia other services is different from
ours. That is true. Let me explain it. I
have explained it before. It was a part of
my argument, and the gentleman knows it. I
then stated that in the French army the com-
missary department was made up of civilians.
It so appears in my speech. I so state now.
The gentleman calls them a part of the staff'
and I do not. It is not a part of the staff of
the army of France. It is not so recognized.
Five hundred and eighty is the number given
in this French report of the staff corps of the
French army. It is to be supposed they know
about the staff of their own army. And it was
one of the grounds of my argument the other
day that instead of having graduates of West
Point and generals of the Army for commis-
saries and quartermasters we ought to do as
they do in the French army, have civilians
employed for the discharge of those duties.
Another thing: the engineer corps in the
French army is different from ours. I speak only
as I have stated of the staff. Lot me call the
gentleman's attention to the fact, that, in 18C8
we had in the employ of the quartermaster's
department a force of 10,494 hired civilians,
at a cost of $442,592 04 per month; and 4,178
detailed soldiers, at a cost of $14,672 per
month for extra duty pay, making an army of
14,672 men—a force as large as our whole
Army before the war. The Adjutant General
commanded all the recruiting offices and all
the unassigned recruits—often a force of many
thousand enlisted men. The chief of ord-
nance bad under his command 1,043 civilian
employes, and 1,101 enlisted ordnance soldiers.
The force under the chief of engineers num-
bered 2,782 civilians and 752 engineer soldiers.
The Surgeon General employed 400 civilians
and 1,042 enlisted men, and a large number of
both classes were employed in the other staff
departments.
That is the bad result of having so many
different staff corps in our Army, if you count
these men—the civilians, the clerks, &e.—in
this department. But they are no part of the
staff. Hence I speak of the officers of the
staff, and so I did in reference to these other
armies. I do not count the civilians that are
employed. Neither do they, in their armies,
count those men that are thus employed on
other than staff duty. Now, if I stated that the
staff is so and so, and the record bears me out,
I do not know why General Sherman should
charge me with endeavoring to deceive the
House or the country in this matter. But sup-
pose the staff of the army in Europe was larger
than ours, would that justify us in having a
larger staff than is necessary? Not at all.
I come now to another point, and I hope the
House will indulge me for^a short time longer.
General Sherman speaks of the number of
generals in Europe, and gives statements to
show that England has more generals than we
have. I will say to General Sherman, in an-
swer to this remarkable attack upon me, that I
have a report here showing the state of the
armies and navies of Europe in ] 870, about as
late a report as can be got; and I call his atten-
tion and the attention of the country to that
report. General Sherman says in his letter:
" We have 1 general, 1 lieutenant general, 5 major
generals, and 8 brigadiers If you will send to the
Congress Library for Hart's Army List tor 1869, you
will find in the English army, estimated at 180,000
men, the names of 4 field marshals, 80 general;-;, 149
lieutenant generals, 416 major generals, and 791
colonels."
Now, of the 130,000 men there would be,
say 1,000 men to a regiment, or in all 130 regi-
ments. With 416 major generals, they have
three times as many major generals as there are
regiments. But if there are 200 regiments,
then there are twice as many major generals as
there are regiments, according to this state-
ment. And besides there are 149 lieutenant
generals, 80 generals, and 791 colonels, for
130,000 men, forming 130 regiments, according
to the usual standard of the number of men to
a regiment. Now, let me call the attention of
the country to that. General Sherman says that
he does not want the country to be mistaken as
to the staff; nor do I either want the country to
be mistaken. I will explain how this is. The
facts stated by the General may be correct as to
the generals of the English army. He got them
out of Hart's Army List, which I have before
me and have examined ; and 1 have got more
than that. I have got the returns of 1870, and
will state what they show. Let it be borne in
mind that a colonel in England is a general
nine times out of ten. The man who com-
mands a regiment is, for the most part, called
a general. A man may be a general merely as
a matter of title. But I will read the figures,
and show exactly how it is.
In England there are 4 field marshals, 70
generals, 115 lieutenant generals, and 194 major
generals ; total, 383. My figures differ from
those of General Sherman. But his only make
the matter worse for his own position. Of
these 383 officers, only 230 are available, and
nearly all are colonels of regiments. For ex-
ample, the commander-in-chief, his royal high-
ness the Duke of Cambridge, is one of the four
field marshals, and is also colonel of four dif-
ferent regiments. So he is counted five times.
The English army, as General Sherman well
knows, has no staff organization. Their staffs
are made up by detail. The military authori-
ties detail an officer to any service they choose
and attach him to any service they please. But
there is no such thing as staff organizations.
The Duke of Cambridge, as I have said, is one
of the four field marshals, and is also colonel
of four different regiments, namely, the regi-
ment of grenadier guards, the royal artillery,
the royal engineers, and the sixtieth rifles.
The other three field marshals are also colonels
of regiments. Of the 70 generals, 68 are col-
onels of regiments ; of the 115 lieutenant gen-
erals, 107 are colonels of regiments; and of
the 194 major generals, nearly all belong to or
are attached to some regiment.
If you take the English Army and Navy List
for the year 1809 and 1870, you find the actual
total establishment of the British army is
125,528 men, composed of 6,234 officers, 277
regimental surgeons, 9,631 non-commissioned
officers, 2,974 musicians, 106,412 rank and file;
total 125,528. This organization is divided
into twenty-one mounted regiments, composed
of dragoons, hussars, lancers, &c., numbering
in all 11,530 men; the horse artillery, num-
bering in all 2,447 men; the foot artillery,
numbering in all 16,831 men ; the engineers,
numbering in all 4,633 men ; the military train,
numbering in all 1,798 men; miscellaneous
corps, numbering in all 8,316 men; and the
infantry, consisting of 3 dliie regiments, 109
foot regiments, a rifle brigade of 3 regiments,
and a colonial corps of 3 rifle regiments, num-
bering in all 79,973 men; total 125,528.
The engineer corps in England, as is well
known, is not a staff department. It is a corps
d'armie; itisa command. Those men do not
belong to the staff at all.
But General Sherman says that there are so
many generals in the British army. I have
nothing to say about the number of generals
there are in their army. I have only this to
say, that according to General Sherman, they
have more major generals in England than they
have regiments, and nearly as many lieutenant
geuerals as they have regiments. Now, does
anybody want such an organization as that here ?
And what does it prove ? That I was mista-
ken ? No suqh thing. . .
Bat let me go a little further in this matter.
General Sherman says'that reducing the rank
of officers is against humanity; in ether words,
that we in this Congress are not human beings;
that we are below that in the'scale.Why, sir;
Colonel John E. Smith, up here at the War De-
partment, was a major general during the war
and served under meaadcotnmandedadivision,
he is now a colonel; he was reduced in rank.
General J. H. Wilson, whocaptured Jeff. Davis,
was a major general during the war, and he has
been reduced to lieutenant colonel. General
Hazen, who served during the war as a major
general and commanded a division in my corps—
I met him the other day, and he,is reduced to
a colonel. There are men who served as gen-
erals during the war who are majors in the
Array to-day. They have been reduced. If
it was not inhuman to reduce the rank of these
men, why is it inhuman to reduce others?
Mr. SLOCOM. The gentleman means re-
duced from volunteer rank to lower rtink in
the regular Army? That is what you mean, of
course.
Mr. LOGAN. Volunteer rank in the Army
of the United States during the war was the
only rank that any of us had, with few excep-
tions.
Mr. SLOCUM. Can you tell me of a single
instance in the history of the country where an
officer's rank in the regular Army was ever
reduced except for crime?
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman wants to
rise to a personal explanation himself he has
a right to do so. I do not understand the dis-
tinction he makes. The gentleman was a major
general during the war, with his commission
from the President, and by the laws of the
United States was put on the same footing as
major geuerals in the regular Army. They did
not rank him unless their commissions were
older than his. You were on the same footing
as they were, were you not?
Mr. SLOCUM. That is true.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well, then; I want no
discussion. I am making my own statement,
and if the gentleman wants to reply to me he
can do it. I am making a statement that is
true. The men I have referred to were major
generals during the war, and they are now re-
duced in rank and are in the Army ; of course,
from choice.
I have said all I desire to say upon that sub-
ject; but I want to call the attention of the
House a little further to this remarkable per-
sonal attack, which is made upon me for some
purpose or other, I do not know what. Gen-
eral Sherman says that not to allow retired
officers to be placed on duty, Senator Carpen-
ter says, is an inhuman act. Let me state
here that I introduced the bill in relation to
retired officers not being assigned to duty in
the last Congress at the instance of General
John A. Rawlins, who is dead and gone ; and
a more gallant man, in my judgment, did not
exist in this country, and a man to whom this
Government is as much indebted as any man
now living.
More, sir. When that bill was introduced
it passed this House and went to the Senate,
and a few days ago it passed the Senate and
became a law. And I state here to-day that
senator Wilson was urged to pass that bill;
General Sherman was in favor of the passage
of the bill so was the Secretary of War, and
so was a higher official than either of them.
And yet General Sherman now intimates that
that was wrong ; a bill the passage of which
he himself desired.
I will make another statement here. When
the Army bill was introduced by me and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs I took a
printed copy of it to the Secretary of War,
General Belknap. I said to him, "General,
