1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1335
finish this hill. We were very near getting a
vote yesterday, and I trust the Senate will not
into executive sessiou or adjourn uutil we
dispose of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
ilu' Senator from Pennsylvania is that the
Senate proeecd to the consideration of execu-
tive business, which is not debatable.
The question being put; there were, on a
division—uyes 20, noes
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays,
ami they were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I will withdraw my motion
for an executive session on condition that there
shall be an understanding that we sit this
question out to-night. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Pennsylvania withdraws his motion, and asks
for an understanding that the vote shall be
taken to-night. The floor is in the possession
of the Senator from Tennessee. Does he yield
to allow that subject to be discussed ?
Mr. FOWLER. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRES1DEN 1'. It is suggested
by the Senator from Pennsylvania that the
vote be taken 
Mr. HAMILTON. Suppose we say to-mor-
row at three o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition that the vote shall be
taken this evening? ["Yes."] TheSenator
from Tennessee will resume.
Mr. FOWLER. I shall not detain the
Senate very long, as they wish to take the
vote.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator allow me
to make a motion? The Senator from Ten-
nessee yields to a motion to adjourn. I make
tie motion that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27. nays 28; as fol-
lows:
TEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Bayard, Brownlow, Cas-
serly, "'orbett, Davis, Drake, Fowler, (Gilbert, Ham-
ilton, llarlan, Johnston, McCreery, McDonald. Pat-
terson. Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Saulsbury, Spen-
cer, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Yickers, and Y ates—27.
SAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Bucking-
ham. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Edmunds, Fenton,
Harris, Howard, Howe, Howell,Kellogg, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Usborn, Pomeroy, Rice, Koss, Sawyer,
Schurx, Scott, Stowart, Trumbull, Warner, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling,
Cragin, Ferry, Hamlin, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Xorton, Pool, Sherman, and Thurman—13.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER (whose speech will be pub-
lished after it shall have been concluded) pro-
ceeded to address the Senate. When he had
spoken half an hour—
Mr. HAMILTON. If the Senator from
Tennessee will yield the floor I will make a .
motion to adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER, Yes, sir; I give way for
that purpose. j
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the Senate i
adjourn. i
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that motion I call i
for the yeas and nays. j
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 22 ; as fol-
lows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Krownlow, Casserly, Corbett, Davis, Drake, Fenton,
*°*ler, Hamilton, Harlan, Harris. Johnston, Mc-
Donald,Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson,Sauls-
:'ar>\ Spencer, Spraguc, Stockton, Sumner. Thayer,
I1Ptpn. \ ickers, and Y ates—28.
■ ^S—Messrs. Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Ed- .
rounds, Gilbert, Howard, Howe, Howell, Kellogg, ■
£ye, Osb'irn, Pomeroy, Rice, Ross, Schurz, Scott, '
«.?7art' Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Williams, and
\> llfon—22.
ABSEXT-Meas rs. Abbott. Cameron, Carpenter,
m /, ' "onkling, Cragin. Ferry, Hamlin, Lewis,
ajctreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Jiorton, Norton, Pool, Sawyer, Sherman, and Thur-
man— IS.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 16, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, ltev. J. G. Buti.kr.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
treasury detective service.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask unauiinous con-
sent to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the honorablo the Secretary of tho
Treasury be, and ho is hereby, directed to furnish
this House, at his earliest convenience, a full and de-
tailed statement of tho items composing the account,
as stated in an aggregated form, in his last annual
report of his Department to tho President of the
United States, as follows :
For detecting and bringing to trial persons engaged
in counterfeiting, Ac., 8109,500.
For detecting and bringing to trial persons guilty
of violating tho rovenue laws, 81t53,0<>4 17.
And that he stato the number of persons so tried,
wheroand when tried, and tlio number of convictions
and acquittals of such persons. And also a detailed
statement of the amount of attorney and counsel teea
allowed and paid for the same, and to whom paid,
as well as an itemized statement of tho legal costs,
miloage, personal compensation to detectives and
other persons, whether Federal officers or othcrwiso,
and all other expenses and chargcs paid by tho Gov-
ernment of tho United States iu tho prosecution of
said business.
Mr. ROOTS. I object.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was, by unani-
mous consent, grauted to Mr. Morrissey, on
account of continued illness in his family.
public buildings at paducah, kentucky.
Mr. TRIMBLE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, requested to take into considera-
tion the erection of a suitable building at Paducah,
Kentucky, for tho accommodation of the United
States courts, post office, internal revenue, customs,
and other offices of the Government located in that
city, and to report to this House his views in regard
thereto, with such recommendations as ho may deem
proper, together with estimates of the cost of the
uilding.
protection of northern frontier.
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1252) for the bet-
ter protection of the northern and northwestern
frontier, and to facilitate commerce, and to
, diminish the expense of the exchanges between
States ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
; ordered to be printed.
j iron ship-building.
S Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
j read, considered, and agreed to :
: Resolved, That the select Committee on the Causes
] of th e Reduction of American Tonnage be directed to
i inquire whether it is expedient for the encourage-
ment of iron ship-building and of the production of
material for iron ship-building to grant a bounty on
all iron-built sea-going vessels which shall be con-
structed in this country during the next three years,
' and from American materials, equal to the duties
! which would have been imposed on such materials
if imported, and to report as they may deem proper.
j sugar duties.
' Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, by unani-
mous consent, presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, rela-
tive to the duties on sugar and molasses ; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
rio hondo claims.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
: Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, requested to communicate to this
[ House the report of the register and receiver of
the southwestern or Natchitoches land district of
i Louisiana, on tho Rio Hondo claims, made by those
officers on the ltith of September, 1858, in conform-
! ity with the provisions of the act of Congress of 3d
August, 1S51.
admiralty jurisdiction.
Mr. CREBS. I submitted a preamble and
6
resolution the other day which were objected
to. I ask unanimous consent to submit them
at this time for consideration.
The preamble and resolution were read, as
follows :
Whereas it has been decided by the Supreme Court
of the United States that all State'laws conferring
jurisdiction in admiralty are unconstitutional; and
whereas the result of suchdecision is to preclude men
of small means who havo just claims against steam-
boats and other vessels on tho western riveis and
clsowhere from prosocuting their claims, on account
ot tho expense and inconvenience of prosecuting
such claims in tho courts of the United States: Tliui e-
forc,
lie it resolved, That the Committee on the Judi-
ciary bo requested to inquiro into the constitution-
ality and expediency of reporting a law conferring
on the Stato courts exercising common-law jurisdic-
tion, concurrent jurisdiction in admiralty with tho
United States courts in all cases arising in their
respective circuits or districts, and that they havo
leave to report at any time.
No objection was made ; and the preamble
and resolution were adopted.
field bektrude.
Mr. MAYHAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1253) granting a
pension to Field Bertrude, a private in com-
pany K, forty-first regiment of New York State
volunteers ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
virtus maley.
Mr. MAYHAM, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1254) granting a
pension to Virtue Maley, widow of Patrick
Maley, deceased; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
public buildings at albany, new york.
Mr. MAYHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be directed to take into consideration the propriety
of erecting a Government building for t'ue accommo-
dation of the United States post office, custom-house,
internal revenue offices, and other United States
offices in the city of Albany, in the Stato of Now
York; and that they report to this House by bill or
otherwise.
post route in iowa.
Mr. POMEROY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1255) to establish a
certain post route in the State of Iowa; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
post route in ohio.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1256) to
establish a post route in the State of Ohio;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
collection districts of florida.
Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1257) to annex
the collection district of St. Mary's to the dis-
trict of Fernandina, Florida, and establishing
a port of delivery at Fort Henry, on St. Mary's
river; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed. •
crescent city, california.
Mr. JOHNSON,byunanimousconsent, pre-
sented a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of California, praying an appropriation
for the erection of a breakwater at Crescent
City, in the State of California; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
order of business.
Mr. McGREW. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the business pending at the adjourn-
ment yesterday, being the contested-election
case of Van Wyck vs. Greene, from the State
of New York.
