1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3223
acquaintance with him, his character, his ex-
perience, his fitness for the office ? Although
a board of four men might examine a candi-
date iu what might be called scraps of learn-
ing in etymology, syntax, and prosody, how
are they going to get hold of the real charac-
ter of the candidate ? How are they going to
know his natural ability ? How are they going
to know his official aptitude? How are they
eoing to know his standing in the community?
Would you trust it to a board of four strangers,
or to the collector or the marshal, who kuow
more about the applicants for this office ?
But, Mr. Speaker, I must pass along. I
object to the bill because it gives to four men
the control of the entire patronage of the Uni-
ted States. I object to the bill in all offices
less than senatorial appointments, because
virtually, although you may put in a technical
denial, it appoints men for a service for life.
Ve should then have a civil pension list; for
when a man has once got his situation through
this board of four schoolmasters you cannot
easily get rid of him, unless by a sort of court-
martial. I object to this bill because these
persons, who are virtually put in for life, may
be changed about, because a deputy collector
in Bangor, Maine, may be sent to New Orleans,
Louisiana. I object to this bill because it gives
the power tq the heads of Departments to say
what proportion and grades of the appointees
shall be females. If this becomes the law, by
&ud by you may get some fanciful gentleman
in the Treasury Department who will appoint
females generally as deputy collectors, assess-
ors, and for other public positions. Power is
given iu this bill by Congress to raise up an
army of female office-holders, if we should at
some time get as the head of one of these
Departments some fastidious, fanciful, and
partially insane man on this subject.
I object to this bill, Mr. Speaker, for its
cumbrousness. Suppose^ for illustration, a
deputy collector is to be appointed in Bangor,
Maine. There are five hundred men in that
city fit for the office. All are candidates, and
all prove on examination that they are com-
petent and fitted for the office. One only can
be appointed. What will yon do with the
other four hundred and ninety-nine? Will you
tmst these four schoolmasters or the judgment
and information of the collector in the com-
munity where the candidates live to make a
designation of the person most fitted and worthy
of the place? And I would put the objection
in another view. If the bill passes, what are
you going to do with the thousands of crippled
soldiers all over this country who, though they
may not be able to pass the highest examina-
tion, and even may not, many of them, be able
to spell all words with strict correctness, or
construct the most grammatical sentences, will
yet fill an office with reasonable and reputable
efficiency? What are you going to do with them
afier the promises we have made them ? Will
you take the civilian and college-bred boy, who
can most easily pass such examinations as are
had, and put aside the soldier who yet can dis-
charge the duties of the office well enough, and
quite as satisfactorily as others who have filled
the offices before him?
.,-^r- Speaker, the common argument and
illustration has been thai- by means of this bill
will be able to reform the civil service in
the city of New York. I know that New York
h a sample of everything and an exception
to everything under heaven. But I would
«k the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
• e.vckes] how these four gentlemen appointed
by the President are going to possess the trans-
°r v 01 Power 10 purify all the official conduct
'i rn ^'or'£ city? If the people cannot do
" Congress cannot do it, no power short of
"■at of the Almighty can do it. These gentle-
men would find that they were engaged in a
work of supererogation.
V?ere '8 a great taste in mankind for taking
medicine, and there is a similar taste for legis-
lation for all ilia, imaginary aud real. There
is ft fancy that all defects of political society
can be easily cured by the interference of Con-
gress ; and this bill seems to me one of the
useless attempts. The machinery provided is
wrong, the principle of this bill is wrong, and
if you should pass it there would be no end to
the confusion that would ensue under its ad-
ministration. The old Quaker advised his
young friend that marriage would be an end of
all his troubles. The young man, after having
had some unfortunate experience of matrimony,
upbraided the Quaker for such advice, when
the Quaker replied : "My good boy, I did not
tell you what end it was; I meant that it was
that end which is the beginning of all trouble;
the first end, and not the last." So I am afraid
that this bill, instead of being a panacea and
cure for anything that is wrong in our system,
will be that end which will prove to be the
beginning of trouble.
If the board sits here in Washington, swarms
of the constituents of gentlemen will congre-
gate here. And if the commissioners rove over
the country, this traveling board of school-
masters, tasty and educated gentlemen, and
Yankees of course, because none but Yankees
can be schoolmasters—what a scene of delight-
ful array and confusion there will be in the
various spots where the crowds surround them
at their very wise examinations!
Such is the machinery provided by this bill.
Mr. Speaker, if there is any abuse in the exer-
cise of patronage on the part of members of
Congress, it is just in those cases which this
bill does not cover, namely, the senatorial
appointments, which it does not attempt to
reach, except in the ridiculous manner which
has been commented on by my friend on my
right, [Mr. Maynard.] Now, for one, I beg
to say that I do not believe that members of
Congress desire to exercise any patronage.
They would be glad to get rid ot it if they
could. In advising an appointment, instead
of making one friend every Congressman makes
ten enemies. It is no personal interest which
I take in this matter. I have nothing to do
with the appointments of the officers covered by
this bill even of an advisory character, and the
newspaper arguments and allegation, that by
the provisions of this bill Congressmen would
lose any power or position is unfounded. I
have other objections to this bill, and coqld
name various further points in which it is im-
practicable. But I am admonished that I have
no time to state them. I will just further say
that I do not care what other men may say or
how they may vote; I, for one, boldly and
unequivocally denounce this bill—with all
respect for my friend from Rhode Ip'and, for
whom learning and genius 1 have not only re-
spect but admiratiou—as a scholarly, refined,
speculative, Utopian humbug.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 resume the floor, and
yield fifteen minutes to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] but shall be glad if he
will give a portion of that time to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. POTTER. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to offer an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may offer
his amendment in the way of notice. As many
amendments are now pending as can be enter-
tained. The Clerk will report the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Potter.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the second section by adding after the word
line
political views."
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, in my judg-
ment this bill ought not to receive the approval
of the Representatives of the people. How-
ever desirable it may be to reform the civil
service of the United States it is certainly not
desirable to attempt it in the mode and manner
presented by the bill now under consideration.
I think the learned gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jenckes] failed yesterday, in my
judgment, utterly to answer the objection which
was suggested to him while he was addressing
the House upon this bill. It was intimated to
him very clearly yesterday that this bill was in
conflict with the spirit, if not with the letter,
of the Constitution of the United States upon
its contemporaneous and continuous construc-
tion from the day of its adoption to this hour.
The learned gentleman avoided the question
by referring to the regulations which have been
prescribed from time to time by the legislative
department of the Government touching the
land and naval forces.
Mr. Speaker, the learned gentleman from
Rhode Island overlooked the fact, when he
made the reply, that it is a specific provision
of the Constitution of the United States that
the Congress may "make rules for the govern-
ment and regulation of the land and naval
forces." Now, let the gentleman, if he please,
refer to the parallel passage in the Constitution
of the United States that authorizes the Con-
gress of the United States to make rules and
regulations concerning appointments to civil
offices, other than those prescribed in the Con-
stitution. It is provided in that Constitution,
and I call the attention of the House to it, that
the President of the United States—
" Shall nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall appoint embassadors,
other publio ministers and consuls, judges of the
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States, whose appointments are not herein other-
wise provided for, and which shall be established by
law."
The establishment of rules and regulations
concerning the land and naval forces is '' herein
otherwise provided for" by the express pro-
vision that the Congress of the United States
may " make rules for the government and reg-
ulation of the land and naval forces."
The other provision of the Constitution of the
United States providing for the appointment
of officers is as follows:
" But the Congress may by law vest the appoint-
ment of such inferior olnoers as they think proper
in the President alone, in the courts of law, or in the
heads of Departments."
Beyond that, sir, the Congress cannot go.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. My time is limited.
Mr. HOAR. It applies to this very point.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Mr. HOAR. It is whether the legislative
power that creates the office itself cannot pro-
vide its qualifications?
Mr. BINGHAM. The qualifications may
be provided for, but it is the appointing power
I am speaking of. This is not a mere question
about qualifications. It relates to the appoint-
ing power.
Mr. Speaker, a provision of this bill to my
mind very objectionable, but of which I can
only speak very briefly—restricted as I am to
ten minutes—is, that the appointing power of
the United States, as to all civil officers of the
United States, except postmasters and such
officers as are by law required to be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall be limited to the
will of a commission composed of four com-
missioners! Sir, without the consent of these
commissioners neither the President, nor the
heads of Departments, nor the courts to whom
this power is confided by the Constitution, can
appoint any civil officer, except as already
stated.' This is not a mere qnestion of qual-
ification ; it is a question of appointment. The
bill provides that " hereafter all appointments
of civil officers," except as stated, " shall be
made from those persons" found qualified by
the commissioners, &c. The gentleman has
suggested the point of the power of Congress
to prescribe qualifications of inferior officers 1
I would like to know whether the Congress of
the United States can confer the authority to
prescribe the qualifications of civil officers upon
a board of commissioners? Are they to be
clothed with legislative powers to say that no
