2280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 29,
alone, I do not understand. General Sherman
gives great credit to himself. I am willing he
shall have it. So far as I am concerned, I claim
none. I do not ask any. He says the Presi-
dent told him his salary ought not to be reduced.
Very well; suppose he did. My own opinion
is different; the opinion of the House is dif-
ferent. That seems to be the tender point.
General Sherman says that if his pay be
reduced, he cannot give receptions. 1 do not
care whether he can or not. It makes no
difference to me. Sir, I remember a grand
reception which was once given to him. I re-
member that on the 22d of May, 1865, X marched
around this Capitol and down Pennsylvania
avenue at the head of many thousand veteran
soldiers, constituting the army of the Tennes-
see. General Sherman was marching in ad-
vance. He then commanded GencralSlocum's
army, the army of Georgia, and my army, the
army_of the Tennessee. He was greeted with
cheers by men and women, by white and black.
Bouquets were strewnevery where. Every heart
leaped with joy ; and if the dead could have
spoken, they would have shouted hallelujahs
to his name.
Nearly all of those soldiers who followed
me down Pennsylvania avenue were volunteer
soldiers. They had been engaged in more
than a hundred battles. They constituted the
old army of the Tennessee, which was first
commanded by Grant, and which I com-
manded la'st. They never kuew defeat. They
are forgotten to day. Their memories live but
a short time. Fifty years hence history will
hardly know that these men were engaged in
the war. A few regular officers will claim all
the credit, and will get it all. I am willing they
shall have it. I want none myself; I claim
none. But while this officer, the General of
the regular Army, is attacking us, there are in
this House a great many men who were vol-
unteer soldiers; perhaps not so great as he,
but equally as patriotic. They were mustered
out of tho service, and ask no overgrown
bounty for past services. They are content
to obey tho laws and do their duty.
There sits a man [Mr. Paine] who, with one
leg gone, slept upon the field, hearing during
the dark, dismul slight no sound save the groans
of the wounded and the dying. He votes for
this bill, and for that reason lie is an "inhu-
man" mail. Anothergentleman, [Mr. Stough-
ton,] a member of our committee, who con-
curred in reporting this bill, slept upon the
battle-field in the same way. and now goes round
this House on a woodeu leg. I could name
twenty men on this floor who bear the marks
and sears of rebel lead. They are to be for-
gotten. Let it be so ; I have nothing to say;
but I have a word to say in behalf of the tax-
payers, in behalf of the soldier, and the soldier's
widow. In their name, in tho name of those
brave Union men who sleep beneath the sod of
the South, in the name of their widows and
children, in the name of the one legged and
one-armed soldiers, 1 protest against the use
of such power in the hands of these few men
to defeat a great measure of public reform
like this Army bill.
I protest against this thing of dictating legis-
lation to the country because a man is in a high
place. I protest against an attempt to stifle
legislation. 1 protest against the iron bands
of power being woven like a net-work around
the minds of independent legislators of this
nation. The people demand that xhe legisla-
tive bianch of this Government shall be free,
shall be untrammeled, shall be independent,
and shall be unfettered, so far as military dic-
tation is concerned; and I say to tho men who
hold high positions in this country that they are
not the law-makers but the law-obeyers, and
that they shall not dictate the amount of tax-
ation. to be paid for their benefit or the benefit
of anybody else. And, sir, whenever legisla-
tion is so stifled and so crippled that a man
who lias independence enough to stand up here
in defense of economy and efficiency in the
public service, is attacked by high officials
through the columns of the newspapers for the
performance of his duty as a Representative of
the people and legislation thwarted thereby,
then farewell to the liberties of this glorious
Republic.
When General Sherman parades, as if for
our imitation, the British army, with four hun-
dred generals, if we should adopt the sugges-
tion and have four hundred generals,as in the
British army, to one hundred thousand men,
then, Mr. Speaker, wc should give the death-
knell to our free institutions. With such a
military establishment the oriental world to-
day has been blighted and accursed. It bears
upon the people the heavy burden of a titled
nobility. I demand that the people of this
country shall not receive any such stain. I
demand that this country shall not be put in
the same position they are in Europe. Ifaman
in Europe gets to be a general he must be a
duke, and if he gets to be a colonel he must
bo a marquis; and while the people get two
shillings a day for hard labor the dulce or mar-
shal must get £30,000 for doing nothing. Such
is the rule and such is the condition of things
in Europe. I wish to know whether this.attack
on me means that this country shall be sub-
verted into the hands of powerful military men
who are to become aristocrats as they are in
Europe ? I wish to know whether titles are to
be established here? I wish to know whether
a body of nobility is to grow up here?
I know the peoplo are honest, as we have
been told in that letter. Yes, sir, the people
arc honest, the peoplo are brave, and the peo-
ple are true. He would not have been a Gen-
eral if it had not been for tho people. It
was the boy who carried the musket who made
him what ho is. Tho boys who carried mus-
kets so gallantly during the late war made all
these men who now hold themselves so high.
They are the boys who made generals and
presidents, and I say, for one, I shall stand up
here as the defender of these boys and these
men, of their widows and their orphans, and
for the liberties of all the people in this coun-
try, against all generals, or marshals, or gov-
ernors, or princes, or potentates, regardless of
whatever aristocracy may be attempted to be
set up in this land. While I live I will stand
as their defender. Living or dying, I shall
defend the liberties of this people, making war
against dictation and against aristocracy and
in favor of republicanism.
[Long continued applause upon the floor and
in the galleries.]
message from the president.
A message in writing was received from the
President, by Mr. Porter, one of his secre-
taries.
enrolled dills.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills-, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 221) for the relief of the
sureties of Israel T. Canby, late receiver of
public moneys at Crawfordsville, Indiana ; and
An act (S. No. 460) for the relief of the
owners of the brig Ocean Belle.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Kellogg for one week ; to Mr.
Starkweather for ten days; to Mr. Town-
send for ten days ; to Mr. Rogers for ten days,
and to Mr. Strader for five days.
the tariff.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iam unwilling _to_ inter-
fere with the morning hour; but as it is now
getting late I shall, in view of tho notice given
by me this morning, move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the special order ;
and pending that motion I move that all gen-
eral debate on the tariff bill shall cease to-
morrow in one hour and a half after the House
shall go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, SCHENCK. I move that the Commit-
tee of the Whole be directed .to take a recess
from half past fpur to half past seven o'clock
this evening.
The motion was agreed to. , . ;
rUGBT sound agricultural company.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, inclosing a letter
from the Secretary of State, asking an appro-
priation to pay the awards under the Hudson
Bay and Puget Sound Agricultural Company's
treaty with her Britannic Majesty; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
BALTIMORE ASSISTANT TREASURER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in relation
to the establishing of the office of Assistant
Treasurer in the city of Baltimore as an inde-
pendent office; which was referred to the Com.-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
COLONIZATION OP PREEDMEN.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to a res-
olution of the House adopted March 23, 1870,
directing him to report to the House a detailed
statement of expenditures out of the appropria-
tion of $100,000 contained in the eleventh sec-
tion of chapter fifty-four of Statutes of 1862,
approved April 10, 1862, and the present con-
dition of any unexpended balance of such ap-
propriatipn ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
duty ok wire rods.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid beforo the House a communication from
tho Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to the
duty on wire rods manufactured and imported
into the United States; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
CHRISTIANA ltlVER, DELAWARE.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in reply to a resolution 4
of the House, adopted March 18, 1870, direct-
ing him to transmit to the House a copy of the
report of the chief of engineers upon the recent
examination and survey of the harbor of Chris-
tiana river, Wilmington, Delaware, with a view
to its improvement for the purposes of com-
merce and navigation; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
PAY TO DISCHARGED SOLDIERS FOR CLOTHING.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a letter from
the Paymaster General of the Army, netting
forth the unexpectedly large demands upon the
appropriation for pay to discharged soldiers
for clothing not drawn; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
_ By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
given to Mr. Reeves for five days, and to Mr.
Bikgiiaji for an additional period of ten days.
message prom the president.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives :
In reply to your resolution of December 20, 1869,
asking whether any citizens of the United States
