21
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
and Delegate of the House of Representatives writ-
ten on a piece of paper, and then proceed in the pres-
ence of th« House to draw from said .box, one at a
time, said slips of paper, and as each is drawn he
shall announceth© name of the momberortheI)elc-
eate upon it, who shall cliooso his scat: Provided,
That before said drawing shall commence the Speaker
shall cause every scat 
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a qiiestion of order.
Mr. KBLLEY. The. resolution has not yet
been read:
Mr. KELSEY. Enough has been read to
show that it is not in order.
The SPEAKER; ; The gentleman will state
I113 point of order.
Mr. KELSEY. My point of order is this:
the resolution under which we drew seats at
the last session specifically provided that the
drawing was for the whole Congress. That
resolution is still in force, and until rescinded
the pending resolution cannot be entertained
as a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania does not propose to rescind the
existing order of the House, and so long as
that is not rescinded any resolution in conflict
with it would not be a question of privilege.
Mr. IiELLEY. Do 1 understand the Chair
to decide that we cannot rescind our former
resolution 1
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's resolu-
tion must provide for rescinding the previous
resolution if he wishes it entertained as a
question of privilege.
Mr. IiELLEY. I will modify the resolution
so as to provide for rescinding the one adopted
at the last session.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a point of order as
to the question of privilege. The drawing of
seats having once taken place I hold that it
then ceases to be a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It has invariably been held
to be within the control of a majority of the
House to draw for seats whenever it so willed.
The Clerk will read the resolution as modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Jteeofoed, That the resolution under which the last
drawing for seats in this House took plaoo bo re-
scinded, and that the House do now proceed to draw
for eeats for members, as follows: {ho Clerk of tlio
House shall place iti a box the name of eaoh mem-
ber and Delegate of the House of Representatives,
written upon apiece of paper, and shall then pro-
ceed in the presence of the House to draw from the
said box, one at a timo, the said slips of paper, and
as eaoh is drawn ho shall announce the name of the
member or Delegate upon it, who shall ohooso his
scat: Provided, That before such drawing shall com-
mence thoSpcaker shall cause each seat to ba vacated
and shall soe that eachscat continues vacant until it
isseleetedundorthis order; and (hat,every seat after
having boen selected shall be deemed forfeited if left
unoccupied before the calling of tho roll is finished.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a point of order.
The point of order is thatall of this resolution,
except so much of it as provides for rescinding
the former resolution, is out of order until the
former resolution shall have been rescinded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is quite competent to unite
 he two in the same resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I rise to a point
of order. The resolution which it is proposed
to rescind having been executed it is not
competent to rescind it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The resolution proposed to be
rescinded has only been partially executed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH." I would inquire
whether it has not been the universal custom
to draw for seats at the commencement of every
session of Congress?
The SPEAKER. Thp Chair cannot state
what has been the universal custom. The
Chair lias decided that the resolution is in
order.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] whether
it* would not be better to frame the resolution
so a,s to provide that inasmuch as new mem-
bers are coming in almost daily we should
have a drawing for seats every morning after
prayer during the present session, or at least
during the first month of the session? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. KELLEY. I am sure I should be
largely the gainer by that, but I hardly think
it necessary.
The SPEAKER. The question put by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] is out
of order. [Laughter.]
The question was put 011 the motion to lay
the resolution ou the table: and there were—■
ayes 96, noes 62.
"Mr. JUDD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 83, not
voting 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Amos, Archer, Aspor,
Axtcll, Bailey, Beaman, Beatty, Bcck, Benjamin,
Bennett, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair, James Brooks,
Buffinton, Burr, Benjamin I1. Butler,Cessna,Church-
ill, Clarke, AmasaCobb, Coburn, (Jowles,Crebs, Cul-
lom, Davis, Dawes, Dickinson, Dixon, Duval, Eld-
ridge, Eerry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Halde-
man, Hamill, Hill, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckcs,
Thomas L. Jones, Kclsey, Kerr, Knapp, Knott,
Laflin, Lash, Lawrence. Logan, Louehridge, Lynch,
Marshall, McCarthy, MoGrew, McNcoly, Jesse H.
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill,
Negley, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packor,
Paine, Peters, Pomeroy, Potter, Pros'ser, Reading,
liogers, Scofield, Slocum, Josoph S. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stone, Strader, Swann, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend,
Twichell, Tyncr, Upson, Van Trump, Ward, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Whittemore, Willard, Williams, Eugene M.Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Barnum, Benton, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Burchanl, Burdett, Roderick It.
Butler, Clcvcl.md, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Conger,
Onx, Deweese, Dickey, Doekory, Donley, Dox, Dyer.
Ela, Earusworth, Ferriss, Eiteh, <{etK, Gilfillan,
Greene, Griswold. llalc, Hamilton, Hawkins, Haw-
ley, Hay, Hays, Hcaton, Heflin, lloag, Hoar, Alex-
ander II. Jones, Judd, Ivelley, Kellogg, Ketcham,
Ma.ynard, James It. McCormiok, McOrary, Mercur,
Elialiim 11. Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Myors, Palmer,
Phelps, Poland, Ueeves, Uieo, Sanford, Sargent,
Sawyer, Sohonck, Schumaker, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, John A. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stiles, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Strong, Tafl'o, Van Horn, Wells, Wheeler, Wil-
kinson, Winans, und Witcher--88.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Boles, Bowen,
Cake, Calkin, Eox, Golladay, Haiglit, Ilamblcton,
J logo. Holman, Hopkins, Ilotchkiss, Johnson, Ju-
lian, Mayhiim, William Moore, Morrissey, Randall,
Itoots, William J, Smith, Sweeney, Trirablo, Van
Aukcn, YoorUees, and John T. Wilson—26.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ORTH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Julian, was detained from the House by seri-
ous indisposition.
Theresaltof the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was laid on the table ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSIDERATION Off REFERENCES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider all the votes by which bills and
resolutions have been referred during the day ;
and to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. BEAMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
that he include the votes of yesterday also.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I accept
that as a modification of my motion.
The question was taken ; and the motion to
reconsider was laid on the table.
call 01' committees.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the committees for
reports, commencing at the head of the list
with the Committee of Elections.
washington aqueduct.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved. That tho Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to inform tho House what sums have been
paid out of the Treasury of tho Lmtcd States for the
construction and the completion oi tho Washington
aqueduct under the several acts of Congress ap-
proved April 3, 1852, March 3. 18,>3, March 3,1& ,
August 18,1856, March 3,1857, June 12,1858, June 25,
1860 July 4; 18G4, July 28,1866, December zO, 1866,
March 2,1867, July 25, 1868, and March 3,1869; and
whether any portions of the sums appropriated by
said acts or cither of them remains unexpended
in the Treasury of the United States.'
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RICHARD M. HOE.
Mr. JENCKES. I was instructed by the
Committee on Patents to report a bill which is
upon the Speaker's table. The report was
made last session.
ask action upon it.
The SPEAKER,
report to make ?
. Mr. JENCKES.
the Speaker'3 table.
The SPEAKER.
I desire to call it up and
Has the gentleman any
The report is already on
Under this call the gen-
tleman cannot call it up.
Mr. JENCKES. The papers are not in my
possession, or I would report the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill to which thegen-
tleman refers has not gone to the Speaker's
table. It is pending. It was pending at the
adjournment of the last session.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask the Clerk to read
the title of the bill.
The Clerk read the title of the bill, as fol-
lows :
House bill No. 337, to extend the term of the let-
ters-patent issued to llichard M. Hoe.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, this case
received the consideration of the Committee
on Patents early in this Congress 
Mr. FARNSVVOK.TH. I rise to a point of
order. 1 do not understand that the gentle-
man from Rhode Island reports this bill from
a committee.
Mr. JENCKES. It has already been re-
ported, and I now call it up.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the bill has here-
tofore been reported and is lying on the
Speaker's table I make the point of order that
the gentleman cannot call it up.  
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of the question. He was misled by
the statement of the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jenckes] that the bill was upon
the Speaker's tahle. It is not on the Speak-
er's table in the technical sense of that phrase.
Very near the close of the last session the bill
was reported from the Committee on Patents;
the question was upon its engrossment when
the morning hour expired, and the adjourn-
ment sine die prevented the House from resum-
ing its consideration. U nder the usual method
of proceeding this bill would have been the
first business in-order upon resuming the call
of committees; but it is the custom at the
opening of each session to begin the call of
committees de novo, commencing with the
Committee of Elections and going regularly
through.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I submit, Mr.
Speaker, that. as the bill has not been recom-
mitted to the Committee on Patents it cannot
now be| brought up on the call of that com-
mittee for reports.
The SPEAKER. It could not be brought
up in this way it it had been pending at the
expiration of a Congress; but its consideration
having been interrupted by the adjournment
of a former session of the present Congress,
the bill is now regularly before the House.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, this case
received some consideration at the last session,
and was under consideration near the close of
that session when tho morning hour allotted to
the committee expired. I will now simply
