3224
WB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
man in America, shall be eligible to any infe-
rior civil office in this country unless he is
skilled in the higher calculus and. capable of
teaching it in our universities? If the commis-
sioners may determine qualifications, and also
decide whether the person possesses them, do
they not control appointing power ?
'lhis brings me, in the hurry of this discus-
sion, to another suggestion that follows logic-
ally from this, and that is that this ia a bill
to create an aristocracy, a privileged class in
this country, in the very face of that wise pro-
vision in our Constitution that neither the
United States nor any State of this Union shall
confer titles of nobility. You propose to create
here a board of commissioners who are to sit
in judgment upon every man in the land who
applies for an appointment to an inferior office,
and to say to one of our maimed heroes, be-
cause he cannot answer, as one of these boards
did require a youug soldier to answer the other
day, questions in astronomy, therefore he is
not to be permitted to keep ordinary accounts
in the Treasury Department, It is an absurd-
ity, as ray friend from Illinois [Mr. Cullom]
near me remarks. The world found out long
ago that even the author of "The Mechan-
ism of the Heavens" did not prove himself
a very skillful man in civil affairs when called
to a civil trust by the first Napoleon. And
so I think it will be under the rules which
may be prescribed by this board of commis-
sioners.
Another objection which I have to this bill,
and which ought to be fatal to it, is that it
clothes this board of commissioners, or board
of examiners, with power to draw from your
Treasury annually $23,900. If I heard aright
the amendment of the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Jenokes, j as suggested by him
on yesterday, one of these commissioners is to
receive $6,000 a year.
Mr. J ENCKES. The gentleman is so en-
tirely wrong as to his statements in regard to
these commissioners and their duties that I
could not correct him on this point without
taking too much time.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman cannot
state a fact he is in a most deplorable condi-
tion.
Mr. BENTON. The bill provides 
Mr. BINGHAM. I can read for myself
what the bill provides,
Mr. JENCKE3. If the gentleman will
take my hint be can ascertain from the bilL
Mr. BINGHAM. Bat the gentleman had
something read from the Clerk's desk which is
not in the bill. He asks me to refer to the
printed text .of the bill, and I will do so. This
provides for a commission of four persons at a
compensation of $5,000 each, making $20,000.
Then there is to be a clerk at $2,500, and a
messenger at $900 a year, which makes in all
$23,400. Then come the expenses of travel,
and the power of this board to appoint an
indefinite number of persous to make these
examinations all over the country, and .their
expenses and the expenses of the board are
to be paid out of the general Treasury of the
United States, thereby creatiug literally a
swarm of officers to eat put the substance, of
the people.
As I am bow limited, to ten minutes I must
be very brief in my statements; but if there is
to be a full discussion of this bill I challenge
the gentleman to it. I care not how many
Eresses have been pensioned in this country to
erald the expediency of this legislation; no
man can successfully defend this bill, whatever
may be his capabilities,, whatever may be his
ad mi tted learning. I repeat what I said before,
and I stand upon it, that this bill is in conflict
with the spirit and.with the letter of the Con-
stitution. It is putting it in the power of this
board to restrain your President, to restrain
the heads of your Departments, to restrain
your courts, who are the only appointing pow-
ers as to "inferior officers" named in the
Constitution, from appointing anybody as such
inferior officers without theirleave. It is alottu
ing men with power to establish moot courts,
and put men on trial for every species of crime
or misdemeanor they may choose to define as
"misconduct," from a breach of good man-
ners to murder or perjury, to be tried upon
such evidence as may be taken under rales to
be prescribed by them.
[Sere the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNA11D. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. I cannot believe it possible
that any such measure as this will pass this
, House. In the short time allowed me by the
, courtesy of thegentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Mayitard] I can point out but one or two of
my objections to the practical operations of
this bill. Let me suppose a case. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury has, I will suppose, in
his Department a bureau, the organization of
1 which is entirely satisfactory to himself. The
' people of the United States hold him respons-
ible for the proper discharge of the duties of
| that bureau, ana he is able to acquit himself
j of that responsibility because he has subord-
I inates of his own choice, and either directly, or
| through the interposition of the President of
! the 0 nited States, he can remove any man who
! shall prove himself incompetent or unfaithful,
j We have, then, a Secretary responsible to the
' people for his own conduct and that of his
| subordinates, and the Secretary has the power
| to acquit himself of that responsibility. He
has his own chosen assistants and can keep
, them or remove them as in his judgment the
I public interest shall demaud. But pass this
, bill, and how then will the case stand ? It
! will be impossible for hiu without the con-
sent of this irresponsible triumvirate either
to shake off a thief or keep an honest man.
This board of three has absolute and sole
power under this bill to prescribe what mis-
conduct or inefficiency shall be sufficient for
the removal or suspension of the Secretary's
subordinates, and to make rules for the manner
of preferring charges against them, and for
their trial  nd for determining their position
pending such trial. Then they may drag before
themi under theirrules so established, the Sec-
retary's tried and trusted officers, and examine
them, and recommend their dismissal ; and
thereupon they must be forthwith dismissed by
the Secretary, and the moment these mighty
inquisitors file this recommendation the pay
of the officers stop. The Secretary is absolutely
helpless, absolutely remediless. He can neither
determine what is a good ground for removal
nor whether such ground exists. He must see
his chosen coadjutors swept away from him by
a tribunal which has never had a counterpart
among any free people, by aboard of three men,
whose tenure of office is for five years—longer
than that of the President himself—a legacy, j
it may be, handed down by a former corrupt
Administration to thwart and hamper and
trample on a patriotic and able and bonest
Secretary, who is powerless- in their hands.
The Secretary, nay the President himself, may
deem the retention of these men absolutely
essential to the well being of the Treasury.
They may both protest against their removal.
It all avails them nothing. By the pending
bill they have no power; this irresponsible
triumvirate has all power. Is not this mon-
strous? Is it not absurd? But does the gen 
tleman deny that such are the provisions of
the bill? i'iead, then, the first clause of sec-
tion five. It.is in these words:
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted. That said board
shall have power to prescribe, by general rules, what
misconduct or inefficiency shall be sufficient for the
removal or suspension of all officers who come within
the provisions of this aot, and also to establish rules
for the manner of preferring charges for such mis-
conduct or inefficiency, and for the trial of the ac-
cused, and for determining his position pending such
trial.
And read also the seventh section. It is in
these words:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the said
board may also, upon reasonable notice to the per-
son aoeused, hear and determine any case of alleged
misconduct or ineflioieney. under the general rules
herein provided for; and in su'-h case shall report to
tho head of the proper Department their finding in
the matter, and may recommend the suspension or
dismissal from office of any person found guilty of
such misconduot or inefficiency, and such person
shall be forthwith suspended or dismissed by tho
head of such Department, pursuant to such recom-
mendation, nnd frain tho filing of such repo-tt shall
receive no compensation for official service except
from and after the expiration of any term of suspen-
sion recommended by such report.
And what is true of the Treasury Depart-
ment under this bill is true of all the other
Executive Departments of the Government.
And it is true not only as to bureaus and offi-
cers stationed here in Washington, but also as
to officers on duty elsewhere throughout the
entire length and breadth of the llepublic,
except only the local postmasters. It is true
as to the State, Navy, War, Interior, Post
Office, and Attorney General's Departments
and all their bureaus. It is true as to the
thousands of officers scattered over the United
States and Territories, of the classes named,
excepting postmasters. Secretaries cannot be
responsible to the people, for they must keep
or surrender whatever subordinates this mighty
board shall recommend to them to keep or
surrender. Comptrollers and Auditors cannot
be responsible to the people, for they must re-
tain knaves or give up honest men at the bid-
ding of these three irresponsible commission-
ers. Deputy assessors and collectors cannot
be held accountable for the proper perform-
ance of their own duties, for they must retain
thieves and rogues, and lose honest, sterling
assistants at the bidding of this board, which
has all power, and is for five years responsible
to nobody.
Sir, I never encountered a measure so sub-
versive of all just principles of responsibility
on the part of officers to the people or the
Government. But this is not the worst of it.
| Not only can this bftard of three step into any
j Department of the Government and drag out,
| against the will of the Secretary and of the
| President, any subordinate officer therein, but
' a single member of the board may do it. Nay,
worse, more monstrous, more absurd than all
this, this mighty triumvirate may actually del-
egate this power to outsiders at their discre-
tion. They may authorize a creature of their
own to invade the Departments and do what
the President cannot do, what no Secretary
can do, what no court can do—drive out the
subordinate officers of the Government. Does
the gentleman deny this? Then let me read
the sixth section of the bill. It stands in these
words:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That any one of
said commissioners may conductor superintend any
examinations, and the'bonrd may call to their assist-
ance in such examinations such uien of learning nnd
high character as they may think fit. or, in their dis-
cretion, such officei s in the civil, military, or naval
service of the United States as may be designated
from time to tiine, on application of the board, as
assistant to said board, by the President or heads of
Departments, and in special cases, to be fixed by
rules or by resolutions of the board, they may del-
egate examinations to such persons, to be attended
Snd presided over by one member of said board, or
y some person specially designated to preside.
But this is not all. Though the President
shall find in one of the Departments a knave
fit only for the penitentiary he cannot remove
him under this bill without the permission of
these grand examiners, if the thief shall de-
mand a trial and appeal to them. A scoundrel
caught in the actual commission of crime can
boldly appeal from Secretary aqd President to
the mighter committee of three, and laugh
them to scorn until this committee shall pro-
nounce their judgment. Is this denied? I
read, then, the bill itself:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the Pres-
ident shall have power at anytime to revoke and
cancel the commission of any officer appointed in
pursuance of the provisions of this act: Pruvvted,
however. That said revocation and cancellation shall
not take effect if said officer demand a trial upon
charges to be preferred against him in the wanner
prescribed in this act within_thirty days trom the
time of being served with notice of such revocation
and cancellation, unlessheshall be found guilty upon
