51^2
T5® CONGEESSIOTAL GLOBE.
July 2j
an# tliis was a restriction wliieli those European
fotentates imposed on themselves as well as on the
ndians. The very term '.nation/ so .generally ap-
plied to theqi, means 4 a peopledi&tmetfram.otkors.'
'.The Constitution"—
This,is the point wljick I desire to emphasize—
"by declaring treajti.es alre^dymade, aswell as those
to be made, to be the supreme law of the land, has
adopted and sanctioned the previous treaties with
the Iiidiaja nations, and, consequently, admits their
rank among thosepowerswhoarecapableot'making
treaties. The words '.treaty' and' nation' are words
of our own' languf^e, selected in our diplomatic and
legislative proceedings by ourselves, having each a
definite and well understood meaning:. We have
applied them to Indians, as we have applied them
to other nations of the earth. They are applied to
all in the same senso."
Thus, Mr. President, the Senate is fortified
in this practice by a current of uninterrupted
judicial decisions by the Supreme Court, in
which this power and the propriety and fitness
of the exercise of the power have been sus-
tained by that court. The court has held that
by those treaty stipulations the nation has
obtained the qualified right w.hich the Indians
were declared to be entitled to in the lands.
It will be seen that now for the first time in
the history of the Government is this authority
attempted to bo questioned by the House of
Representatives; and the entire appropria-
tions for enabling the Government to fulfill its
treaty stipulations are put in peril upon no
other foundation than the assumption of that
branch of the Legislature, that this branch of
the Legislature, which has been in the unin-
terrupted exercise of this authoiily during the
entire existence of the Government, repeated
in hundreds of instances, has no such author-
ity. That assumption is made the basis of a
dissent which, so far as we are concerned, is to
bring the whole administration of Indian affairs
into extreme embarrassment and to peril the
public peace.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
of half past eleven o'clock having arrived, it
becomes the-duty of the Chair to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 252, which was made the special
order for this hour.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have but a
word more to say.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine will be permitted to conclude
his remarks. This is a very important sub-
ject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Just one word
more.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will proceed by unanimous consent, sub-
ject to a demand for the regular order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But what is
peculiar in this case is the fact that the class
of treaties to which the House of Representa-
tives dissent are those which bear the date
of 1867 and 18> 8. They are some eight or ten
in number, and they originated in whatis called
tho inauguration of the " peace policy " of 1867
and 1808. They are in no particular respect
different from those to which I have adverted,
and the whole current of the.actinnof the Sen-
ate in regard to the others. ' While the House
appropriate in regard to all the other treaties,
they decline to appropriate in regard to these.
The whole objection taken is that which I have
stated, the want of authority on the part of the
Senate to make any treaties whatever These
treaties were not originated by the Senate of
the United States, nor were they originated by
the ordinary treaty powers. Usually the Pres-
ident of the United States takes the initiative
in these treaties, and they are then submitted
to the Senate. But in this case the Congress
itself took the initiative. In 1867 we were
menaced with war. An Indian war was im-
pending. The question was, whether we should
raise troops to fight the Indians or raise a com-
mission to treat with them. A commission
was raised; and how? By Congress; Con-
giess took the initiative, then, of inaugurating
the treaties. I will read now the first section
of the act on which this authority rests and
through which these treaties were originated:
"That the President of the United States bo, and
he is hereby, authorized to appoint a commission to
consist of three officers of the Army, riot below the
rank of brigadier general, who, together witsh'N. 6.
Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, John B.
Henderson, chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the Senate, S. S. Tappan.and Joh'n B.Sap-
born, shall have power and authority to call together
the chiefs and head men of such baftds or tribes of
Indians as are now waging war asaiMit the United
'States, or committing depredations upon the people
thereof, to ascertain the alleged reasons for their acts
of hostility, and in their discretion, under the direc-
tion of the President, to make and conclude with said
bands or tribes such troatv stipulations, subject to
tho action of the Senate, as may remove all just
causes of complaint on their part, and at tho same
time establish security for person and property along
the lines of railroad now being constructed to the
Pacific, aud other thoroughfares of travel lo tho
western Territories, and such as will most likely in-
sure civilization for tho Indians and peace and safety
for the whites."
The only difference between the inception
of these treaties and those to which I have
adverted, and which are provided for in the
bill which comes from the House, is that Con-
gress took the initiative; but recognizing there-
in the right of the President to negotiate the
treaties, and the right of the Senate to confirm
treaties, they say that these commissioners are
to inaugurate treaties under the direction of
the President, subject to the ratification of the
Senate. These treaties have been made in
conformity to this act of Congress. How is it
that the House of Representatives are not
estopped from denying the authority of the
Senate? Here is an act by which Congress
itself takes the initiative. The President exer-
cises his constitutional functions, cooperates
with Congress in inaugurating the treaties, and
the Senate, in the exercise of its constitu-
tional powers in harmony with the act of Con-
gress, consummates these treaties.
This, Mr. President, presents the precise
question for your consideration : are these the
treaties of Congress and of the Senate of the
United States, and are they obligatory ? Your
committee understand that they are. Your
committee understand that to question these
treaties is to set aside that peace poiiey which
was inaugurated in 1867 and in 1868 by Con-
gress, to which the executive administration
of the country are committed and are in the
process of executing, to which this Congress
has committed itself, and upon the execution
of which depends peace or war with these
Indian tribes. Peeling the importance of this
question, your committee deemed it to be their
duty to dissent to this assumption, and to sub-
mit the proposition to the Senate.
Mr. President, I hope that it will be the
pleasure of the Senate to accept this report;
whereupon, considering the great importance
of the subject, I propose to ask for a new con-
f ©rcncG.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Seu-
ator from Maine moves that the Senate further
insist on its amendment, disagreed to by the
House, and ask lor another committee of con-
ference.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
the committee be appointed?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. By the Chair.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent; and the President pro tempore ap-
pointed Mr. Moerill of Maine, Mr. JIowe,
and Mr. Nye.
SIlSSSAOli FROM TIID 1IOU8C.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed tho fol-
lowing bills of the Senate, with amendments,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 780) to authorize the proper
accounting officers of the Treasuiy to settle
and close the account of Ilinton Rowau Help-
er ; and
A bill (S. No. 380) to authorize the refund-
ing and consolidation of the national debt, to
extend banking facilities, and to establish
specie payments.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tion, in which it requested the concurrence <of
the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 66) to forbid tho convey-
ance of Indian reservations by treaty to any-
other grantee than the United States;
A bill (H. <R. No. 303) .amendsiory of an act
entitled "An act to seenrehoraesteads to actual
settlers on the public domain
A bill (.11. R. No. 1686) to prevent the fur- .
ther sale of the public lands in the Territory
of Dakota, except as provided for in the pre-
emption and homestead laws and the Jaws for
disposing of town sites and mineral lands ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2049) for the protection
of settlers on the public lands of the Uniteil
StiitOS *
A bill (II. R. No. 2358) for the relief of
the widow and heirs of Thomas W. Harvey,
d6C63.St?(l ■
A bill (H. R. No. 2359) to declared forfeited
to the United States certain lands granted to
the Slate of Louisiana to aid in constructing
a railroad therein ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2167) to authorize the
refunding and consolidation of the national
debt, and for other purposes ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 357) to prevent
the further sale of the public lands in certain
States and Territories, except as provided for
in the preemption and homestead laws and the
laws for disposing of town sites and mineral
lands.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2106) to amend
the laws regulating the assessment of taxes in
the city of Washington.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; andihey were thereupon signed
by the Presidentpro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (II. 11. No. 1407) to construe certain
acts therein cited in relation to pensions;
An act (II. R. No. 2351) to change the times
of holding the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the northern district of Ohio;
An act (S. No. 704) for the relief of Alex-
ander C. Twining;
An act (S. No. 790) for the relief of .Tohn
Tyler;
An act (S. No. 047) for the improvement of
water communication between the Mississippi
river and Lake Michigan by the Wisconsin and
Fox rivers; and
An act(S. No. 602) to grant the right of way
for the Alameda road through certain lands ia
California.
SEA ISLANDS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senate bill
No. 252. to provide for the sale of certain lots
and lands of rliesea islands of Beaufort county,
South Carolina, and for other purposes, being
the special order, is now before the Senate, and
the Senator from South Carolina [Ml1. Sawyer]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. I a«l; the Senator from South
Carolina to allow me one word.
The PllESIDEN 1' pro tempore. Does th&
Senator from South Carolina yield V
Mr. DAVIS. 1 rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDED l'jnro tempore. The Seu-
atoi from Kentucky rises toa question of order.
He will state his point of Older.
Mr. DAVIS. The point of order is that the
morning business is first ro be done, by a stand-
ing rule of the Senate, and that order of busi-
ness cannot be dispensed with by an order made
by a majority of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
under which the Senate is now acting was made
by unanimous consent yesteiday,and it was so
entered upon the .fouroul.
Mr. DAVIS. How dties the Chair know it
was made by unanimous consent?
The P RE D1DE N T pro tempore. The Joarual
so testifies.
