1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26
recall to the recollection of members the points
upon which the committee based their report,
iiiis is the case of a remarkable invention-
one ot the great exceptional inventions of the
age-—-whica lias worked a complete revolution
hi the art of printing. The patent has been
enjoyed by the inventor for the fall term al-
owed by law ; but in this case the remarkable
act is presented that all those who are using
the invention in this country have joined in the
recommendation that the patent be extended.
- ue machine covered by the patent can, of
course, be used only by printers—by those en-
gaged in the manufacture of books and the
publication of newspapers ; and these persons
without exception, I think, throughout the
country—at least no exception has been brought
to the knowledge of the committee—have united
in recommending that the petition of this pat-
!5J?'.ee. r an extension of his patent be granted.
I his is on their part a testimonial to the worth
or the inventor and the value of the invention.
They are desirous of joining in a national tes-
timonial, which the passage of this bill will be,
to the honor of the person who has done their
art this great service.
I yield to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Pkteks.]
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I was a mem-
ber of the Committee on Patents in the Fortieth
Congress, and with the exception of the gen-
ilemau from Rhode Island [Mr. Junukes] and
t'ue gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. My-
ers,] who also favors the passage of' this bill,
I am the only member of this House who was
upon the committee during that Congress. I
wish to add a word in support of this bill.
Being the New England member, so to speak,
of that committee, I have received from 1 be-
lieve every editor or nearly every one, and
from every New England man interested largely
in printing whose pecuniary interests would
be adverse to the bill,-letters urgently asking
that it be passed. I never knew a case before
that committee or any other in which there
was exhibited on the part of men pecuniarily
interested against a bill so much urgency and
unanimity of sentiment and such persever-
ance, too, in favor of the passage of the meas-
ure. I received from the proprietors of the
Boston Advertiser, the Boston Courier, and
all the principal newspapers of New England
letters strongly urging the extension of this
patent.
The committee found that for this invention,
which has so largely benefited mankind, the
inventor has only recoived about two hundred
thousand dollars, and they thought he ought
to receive a much larger compensation. The
committee has always investigated very care-
fully before recommending the granting of
applications of this kind, and the House I
know has always been disposed to give such
measures a rigid scrutiny; but I do not believe |
that a single member appreciating the facts of !
this case would for a moment object to the ,
passage of this bill.
I have been led to make these remarks lie- !
cause of the urgency with which the measure
has been pressed by those whose pecuniary ,
interests, as I have remarked, are adverse to j
the proposition. :
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish |
to make the inquiry whether the letters which
the gentleman says have been received have
not been received from men who have pur- i
chased the Hoe press, which is an expensive 1
press, costing some twenty thousand dollars; ■
and whether if they can prevent others from '
using it it will not be to their advantage? .
Mr. PETERS. No, sir. 11 is a press which
wears out. Many state in their letters that 1
they will have to repurchase. They ail show
in detail that their interest is one way and their ■
wish another. I know that the gentleman |
from Wisconsin is usually very critical on a i
bill coming from the Committee on Patents. 1
Mr. JENCKES. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. NI BLACK. I hope the gentleman from
Rhode Island will not insist on the demand
for the previous question. Is there any report
m this case?
Mr. CULLOM. I ask for the reading of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
I t is proposed by the bill, which was read,
that the letters-patent granted to Richard M.
Iloe, on the 24th day of July, 1847, for im-
provements in printing presses for fourteen
years from that date, and which letters-patent
were extended by the Commissioner of Patents
for a further term of seven years from the 24th
of July, 18G1, shall be extended for a further
term of seven years, commencing on the 24th
of July, 1808, and ending on the 24th of July,
1875, for the benefit of the said Richard M.
Hoe, his heirs and legal representatives, upon
the conditions set forth in the bill. The Com-
missioner of Patents is directed to make and
record the certificate of such extension. The
letters-patent so extended shall have the same
effect as if originally granted for the term of
the extension to the end of the term to which
it is extended, provided that the extended
patent shall be open to legal inquiry and decis-
ion in the same manner as if issued under the
general law relating to patents, and that all
persons enjoying the lawful use of the improve-
ments described and secured by said letters-
latent may continue in the use thereof without
further payment therefor, and the purchaser
of any machinery so in use may continue to
use the same as if this act had not bcon
passed.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, so far as I
am concerned I do not know enough about the
facts to say whether the patent ought to be
extended or not; but it seems to me that there
(Might to bo a report from the committee setting
forth the facts. I do not know whether there
has been any report or not.
Mr. JENUKliS. There was an oral report at
the last session.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
a monopoly for twenty-one years is long enough
for any one. I move that the bill be laid on
the table.
Mr. JKNCK15S. t do not yield for that
motion.
Mr. NIBLACK. If there has been a report
in this ease and it is not a lengthy one I should
like to have it read.
Mr. .J KNClvKS. There was an oral report
made nt the last session at considerable length.
The patent was explained, and the grounds
stated in full of the present application. If
gentlemen have any question in relation to the
matter I will bo happy to answer at the present
time.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, this is a re-
markable case, for the gentleman from Rhode
Island has assured us that all the gentlemen
of whom he had knowledge who were using this
invention, and whoso pecuniary interests were
against the extension of the patent, were in
favor of the passage of this bill. As a prac-
ticing lawyer I have been accustomed to regard
testimony of a witness who swears to too much
with some degree of suspicion. While 1 do
not question the gentleman's statement--1 take
it for granted, that, it is true—yet the fact that
the gentlemen who are using this patent, and
who are to be presumed as interested against
its extension, are now applying to Congress to
extend it. impresses my mind with the idea of
something like a combination on their part, or
at all events it makes an impression which I
should like to have removed by some explana-
tion.
Mr. CULLOM. I wish to make a sugges-
tion. _ 1 suggest whether it would not be better
for this case to go over for the time being so
that the House may be allowed to look into it;
and whether m the mean time it would not bo
well for the Committee on Patents to make a
written report so that the members shall know
what are the facts,
Mr. NIBLACK. I have not finished my
remarks. We cannot from the bare reading of
the bill at the Clerk's desk fully comprehend
all of its provisions and the legal effect of the
act which the Committee on Patents ask us to
pass in this case. I will, therefore, take the
liberty of inquiring of the gentleman from
Rhode Island whether if this bill shall pass in
its present form the effect will not be to con-
tinue to these gentlemen who have now the use
of the invention its use until the time of the
extension without further compensation on
their part, and to tax other gentlemen who may
seek to use it hereafter, thus making a dis-
crimination in favor of those now using the
patent? At all events there must be something
in the case other than appears on its face.
Mr. JENCKES. I can explain the bill, I
hope, both to the satisfaction of the gentleman
from Illinois and thegentleman from Indiana.
At the last session the Committee on Patents
was called on suddenly, as now, and there was
no written report made on the subject. A
pamphlet was, however, laid upon the desk of
every member with a full statement of all the
facts concerning this patent and its proposed
extension.
A little consideration of these circumstances
would have removed that suspicion which has
naturally arisen in the mind of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] for the reason he
has stated, founded on the suggestion of com-
plicity between the parties who appear belore
the House in this case. This invention is not
one of a small and insignificant character, one
that could be applied to the old printing press,
or be a mere substitute for what was previously
in use. If you will look at the engraving of it
you will see it is a large machine, as large as
a small house. It is of so extensive a nature
that it could not be introduced immediately on
being patented. It is an invention that required
testing and concurrent experience on the part
of a large number of people to justify its adop-
tion by those to whom its use would be a bene-
fit; and it came therefore into use slowly, and
so as to involve a great deal of expense lo the
inventor and to those who first availed them-
selves of it. But after it once came into use
it has since spread all over the world. It has
superseded for newspapers and for all heavy
work all the old modes of printing, and in fact
has worked as great a revolution in the art of
printing as the types of Guttenberg did in the
art of copying when type was first introduced.
Without this inven tion the issue of a daily paper
which has the large editions we now witness
would not bo possible. And when the various
pers-ons who have used this invention for many
years join in inviting Congress to a recognition
of this invention by the passage of the present
bill they have no other object in view than to
make an honorable acknowledgment of itsgreat
value as tested by their own experience. The
evidence submitted to the House last session
showed that in one newspaper establishment
the saving by the use of this invention, this
lightning machine, as it is called, was at least
$5,000 a day for an edition of one hundred
thousand copies, and the saving has been pro-
portional in all other establishments which
have used it.
Nor would the extension of this patent work
a monopoly to the inventor, nor would it oblige
parties who desire to use these large printing-
presses to pay extravagant prices for them when
they come into the market; for it is cot the only
invention of the kind. Ithasarival, whichdoes
not infringe upon it at all. The inventions of
the two inventors are to be seen in the Govern-
mentPrinting Office, the one known astheHoe
press, now before the House, and the other the
Bullockpress. They arecompetitorsintheopen
market for the favor of the persons who have
topurchasesuch machines, in order to use them
in the manufacture of books and newspapers.
This bill simply recognizes the merits of Mr.
Hoe as an inventor, but allows him to obtain
nothing from his patent beyond the lnanufac-
