1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Georgia—Mr. Thayer.
Senate.
ber of theKulduxIvlati. He says, "Letussee
one." That Senator has made a request with,
which he knows very well we cannot comply.
They belong to the brigade which moves in
darkness. They steal out in the dead hour of
the night, seeking their defenseless victims,
and do their hideous work. The day finds
them in their places, as reputable members
of society. They are safe, for many counte-
nance them, and none dare report them.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my honorable
friend allow me to suggest to him the reason
why I made that remark.
Mr. THAYER. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I made that request
because I supposed those most familiar with
the realms of darkness would be able to nftike
the exhibition. That is the reason I asked
for it.
Mr. THAYER. On that point we shall have
no dispute. If some of those anxious for such
an exhibition have not already become familiar
with the regions of darkness I may suggest
there is a probability that they will in due time.
We cannot bring the Klan hero, but I will tell
the Senator what we could do. We might bring
up the long list of the victims. We might mar-
shal a ghastly array of three thousand Union
men who have died in the State of Texas since
the close of the war because of their devotion
to their country. Then "we might marshal a
thousand more from Louisiana, and a thousand
more from Georgia and Mississippi, and a thou-
sand more from Alabama and the Carolinas,
and a thousand more from the valleys and the
mountainsof Arkansas andTennessee, to make
up the ghastly army of victims to their steadfast
adherence to the flag of their country, to be
reviewed by the honorable Senator from Del-
aware. I know not then that he would be
moved by the awful tableau to conviction. But,
however that may be, there can be no cavil,
no doubt, no question as to the facts, for that
report is made up, and it cannot be reversed.
Too many have fallen, too many have dropped
out of their place in the roll-call of life, to have
this record disputed ; too many have diod in
the South because they stood faithful among the
faithless, adhering to Congress and to the coun-
try, to have the reports of their deaths meet
with sneers from Republican Senators in this
Chamber when the facts are related, however
much we are accustomed to meet thom from
Democratic Senators. Sir, I remember the
dispatch read by the Senator from Nevada
announcing the assassination of Judge Charl-
ton in Alabama. More than once or twice has
the insinuation been uttered that that dispatch
and others were prepared for the occasion, to
influence Senators and create a sensational
impression in the Senate of the United States.
But the dispatch was true. I hold in my hand
a statement of the case prepared by the honor-
able Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Spencer,]
who says;
" I am now in possession of the full details, by
which it appears that Judge Charlton arrived at
Decatur at about three o'clock in the morning, hav-
ing come by railroad from Nashville. Accompanied
by his son-in-law, Mr. Bean, they were proceeding
to tile residence of State Senator Hinds, with the
view of resting until daylight, when, in passing the
old tort, they were fired on irom ambush by three
men with double-barreled shot-guns. Judge Charl-
ton was killed almostinstantly, and thoassassins es-
caped. Mr. Bean fortunately oscaped injury, aroused
his iriends, who came only to find Charlton lying
dr-iut at the corner of the fort.
"There is but one reason for this crime, and that
is. Judge Charlton was a firm, decided Unionist and
;ni active Republican. He served as foreman to the
lust grand jury of the United States district court
at its late session atlluntsville; and notwithstanding
the threats and denunciations of the enemies of the
Government, ho had the honesty and courago to
prefer indictments against several notorious outlaws
and assassins, lie was from that hour amarked and
doomed man! He was 'shadowed' to Nashville,
and his movements communicated to confederates
at Decatur. In accord with the depraved sentiment
and education of the hour his steps were dogged
from tho railroad depot, and, concealed behind tho
earthwork of tho old fort, the assassins poured forth
the deadly volley which struck down another patriot
and another martyr to tho causa of freedom and
justice and right.
" Native and to the 'mannerborn,' ho had battled
manfully for the Union in defianeo of the ostracism,
hate, and violence of secession; and now, in the so-
called hour of peace, for no other crime than dis-
charging all his duty as the presiding officer of tho
^Federal grand inquest, he is mercilessly and cruelly
murdered while on the high-road in tho town of
Decatur. Ilis weltering corpse has been sent homo
across tho mountains to his bereavod family. Who
shall comfort them? They must look for consolation
to tho Giver of every good and perfect gift,for thero
is little help for t.hem on earth from tho hands of
man."
This is but one record; and it has been met
with derision in the Senate of the United States.
I say this is but one record; it is only one of
many thousands, for the half has not been told
and it never will be told until the books are
opened on the immortal day.
Mr. President, we may dwell on these things,
and we may well ask, is this a Government?
Call you this a republican GovernmentV Is it
not rather organized massacre? Was this to
be the result of the war? Was this the end
to which we were to come through trials and
tribulations which cannot be described? Was
this the goal to which the nation was march-
ing, piloted by mighty armies, over blood-
watered fields and through cities of new-made
graves? You laid three hundred thousand
human offerings upon the altar of sacrifice
that tho nation might not perish, it was a
costly immolation. But to-day in Georgia it
costs a man his life to be true to the cause for
which the nation periled all, and for which
the patriots died. Was it for this that the sac-
rifice was made? You chocked out from the
very substance and industry of the people
Si,000,000,000 of treasure, and they freely
honored the demand. Was it to purchase the
poor privilege of having the defenders of the
Republic to be slaughtered like dogs? If so,
then we knew not for what we fought, and the
heroes passed on all unconscious for what they
died. Then history must be reversed, and it
should be written down that Grant surrendered
to Lee, and not Lee to Grant. Four years of
war, five years of reconstruction, and peace is
not yet restored to this land.
Sir, the fault, ill the sccondplace, isour own.
We have been too slow, too tender-footed, too
time-serving, and too fearful of hurting the reb-
els. That is the second reason why our recon-
struction has not been successful. The condi-
tion of things at the close of the war needed a
radical remedy; not conservatism, not procras-
tination, not compromise. Conservatism never
accomplished anything in the late war. Con-
servative cannon and conservative muskets were
never heard save in tho rear. Conservatism is
ever holding back ; its function is to hinder pro-
gress; it will only prune oft' the branches, but
never strike the root of the tree which is evil.
Sir, there was a condition of things which
required the radical remedy of putting the
knife to the root and eradicating the evil,
eradicating every vestige which treason had left
behind. We commenced the work of recon-
struction. We have had to pass subsequent
laws because the previous ones failed to ac-
complish entirely the ends for which they were
passed. We admitted some States: others were
held back. A bill passed the other House for
the admission of Virginia, and came to this
body. Those of us who believed that it had
not sufficient safeguards sought to ingraft upon
it a condition which should secure perpetually
to the colored race the right of the ballot. That
was resisted. It was, however, adopted. So
in the case of Mississippi. There has been an
effort to keep out all conditions from the bi'ls
for the admission of these States until we eame
to Georgia, when those who had resisted con-
ditions and opposed them with all their ability
and skill and earnestness, all atoneo proposed
a condition which was more obuoxious than
all the Conditions which had been offered ; a
condition which did not affect the form of gov-
ernment, but which was a ministerial condi-
tion, or rather required the performance of a
ministerial act. Those with whose views I am
in accord claim that it is incumbent on Con-
gress to insert conditions which should secure
to the people of the State a government in har-
mony with the republican system. The Judi-
ciary Committee and those who support their
views now propose a condition not uffecting
the form of government; not relating to its
republican character, but which requires the
performance of a ministerial act, Ttiey pro-
pose to reach over into the State government,
after it has gone into operation, and require it
to hold an election at a specified time. It seems
to me that is a condition of a most objection-
able character.
In Virginia and Mississippi and Texas we
imposed conditions which would secure to those
Stales a republican government. Those who
opposed the conditions placed upon those Slates
in the interest of freedom, of justice, of'.''lie
loyal people thereof, now propose a condition
not of that character, but which requires the
performance of a certain act after the State
government has become established, relating
to a subject which belongs appropriately and
peculiarly to the constitution of a State.
Mr. HOWARD. Solely.
Mr. THAYER. Solely to that Stale. Why
this sudden change I know not. Sir, I repeat,
the conditions for which we contended, and
which were ingrafted upon the other bills, went
to the protection of the Union people of those
States ; the condition included in the bill now
under consideration, and sustained by the
Judiciary Committee, goes to the restoration
of the disloyal people of the State of Georgia;
and that is the real, the sole issue. Gentlemen
need not dive down into the musty records of
the past for precedents, for authorities of law
to determine this question. It is a practical
question, it is a living question which concerns
the living present, whieh concerns the life aud
the fortunes and the welfare of the earnest,faith-
ful, loyal people of Georgia.
Sir, Georgia violated the conditions imposed
upon her by the act of June 25, 18ti8, wherein
we provided for the restoration of all the States
iheu remaining out of the Union, except Vir-
ginia, Mississippi, and Texas. Within thirty
days after she had accepted those conditions,
before the ink was fairly dry upon the parch-
ment, she broke her plighted faith by thrusting
out from her Legislature twenty-nine American
citizens, made such by the solemnly declared
voice of the nation, le'gally elected and legally
qualified, for no cause but that of color, and
installing twenty-nine usurpers in their places.
The disfranchised for crime became the dis-
franchise™ of those who had committed no
crime. An old statute, enacted in the inter-
ests of slavery in the days of its power,
supplanted the statute of the nation enacted
in tho interests of lreedom in the days ot' its
triumph, when the old power of slavery had
passed away forever. The fourteenth consti-
tutional amendment was trampled under foot,
thrust back in your faces, and in Georgia the
rebellion again triumphed.
We have been accustomed until this debate
took place to regard Georgia as being in a
provisional condition, and I so regard her now.
We certainly refused admission to representa-
tives in the Senate from that State. Why?
Because she had violated the conditions we had
imposed upon her. The right to impose con-
ditions implies tho power to enforce compli-
ance with those conditions; otherwise condi-
tions are worthless, and we were justified by
the terms of the act of restoration in shutting
the doom against her representatives; ami wu
