1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4169
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and the President of the Senate, and the Sec-
retary being present, the doors being closed.
I stayed in from curiosity, and found the Sen-
ate ratifying treaties in that way. You have
an amendment now putting $2,000,000 on this
appropriation bili growing out of one of that
class of treaties. I am opposed, and I believe
the country is opposed, to making treaties
with the Indians. Let us make provision for
them by legislation. It seeiM now that noth-
ing is left but merely to take the assent of the
Indians to tiiese terms, and the President is to
determine when the assent is given. It seems
to me wholly unnecessary to delay the matter,
because it may delay it for a year by bringing
it before the Senate. Nobody here will °pay
attention to it, and I do not want to see any-
ihing come before the Senate in the way of
Indian treaties again. Let any proposition
with regard to Indians come before us in the
way this measure has come, so that it may be
discussed. I have never heard Indian treaties
discussed. Let us deal with them by legisla-
tion; and let there be another act of Congress,
if you choose, after their assent is had, but do
not bring it in the shape of a treaty. This has
been a wholesome discussion 
Mr. EDMUNDS. My amendment does not
provide for a treaty.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir; to make a treaty
ascertaining their assent and bring it before
us. It is a treaty in another form. The Senate
never will examine it. We have fixed here
terms which seem to me fair, and there ought
to be an end of this at some time. It seems
to me the amendment of the Senator fro in
Vermont is unnecessary.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not sure I will object
to the honorable Senator's amendment if i
understand its purpose. It will read :
That when the Great and Little Osage Indians
shall agree thereto, in such manner us the President
of Ibe United Stales, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall provide 
Mr. POMEROY. This is the consent of the
Senate now.
Mr. HARLAN. Bat the honorable Senator
from Vermont wishes to have the mode of
ascertaining the agreement of the Indians to
this proposition submitted to the Senate before
it is sent to the Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. If that is what he means
I do not object to it; but it is not what he
means, 1 think.
Mr. HARLAN. The President will cause
rules to be drawn up prescribing the mode of
ascertaining the will of the Indians, and he will
submit that rule or proposition to the Senate
before he sends it out.
Mr. DRAKE. That is exactly what the pur- j
pose of it is.
Mr. HARLAN. If that is the meaning of
it there can be no objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. There cannot be anything
in it.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to say a word in
regard to the general policy of dealing with
the Indians. I do not want to detain the Sen-
ate five minutes. I believe that the policy
involved in this proposition of removing these
Indians lo the Indian territorj' will fail, and
that we shall in the course of perhaps two or
three years be called upon to deal with the same
Indians again. Is it not a notorious lact that
upon the east and upon the north the white
population is now pressing upon the Indian
territory V Is there not now a pressure brought
to bear upon Congress to organize a territorial
government over that territory, and to admit
the white people into it? Is it not a fact that
the whites are going into it now? Why, sir, I
was visited by an Indian delegation not more
than a week ago from that territory, asking
me to oppose the bill, which I believe has been
introduced into this body, organizing a terri-
torial government over that territory ; and
they said that the result of it would be that
they would be driven out. Now, sir, I believe
that if these Indians are removed there we
shall soon be called upon to deal with them
again. It is understood that that territory is
one of the fairest pieces of this continent. I
have heard it said by a gentleman very recently
that some portions of it are the most beautiful
country in the United States ; and the desire
to occupy it is very strong, and I believe the
pressure will be too great to be resisted.
Now, Mr. President, I believe the best way
to deal with these Indians is to segregate them.
Those Indians*who have been kept on reser-
vations in the older States, who have been
surrounded by the settlements, surrounded by
white people, have never given us any, or but
very little, trouble. They have readily become
civilized or partly civilized. They have melted
away insensibly. They are not the troublesome
Indians. But if, instead of segregating them,
and surrounding them by civilization, you
move them further west from time to time,
you must keep on moving them until they go
into the Pacific ocean, or until they are ex-
terminated or dead from disease. It seems to
me that the whole policy is wrong. Now, here
is a small body of Indians; if they were con-
fined upon their reservation, letting the settle-
mentsgo all around them if you please; letting
civilization sweep to the west of them and
beyond them, they would feel its influences ;
they would soon lose their savage character
in that way; and they will lose it in no other
way. It' you .shove them further west, their
savage character is not diminished in any
respect, but they become more and more con-
taminated with the vices of the whites, and
disease and starvation and warfare rapidly
diminish their numbers, at the same time
entailing on us from time to time Indian wars.
Sir, the next Indian war we are to have will
be in the Indian territory. All the elements
are at work there now to bring it about; and
from what I have learned recently in regard to
the condition of things in that territory, in
regard to the desire that exists to occupy those
lauds, I do not believe that the Indians can
long be preserved there from contact with the
whites. Why, sir, I was told by a very intel-
ligent man who belongs to the Creek nation,
who came to see mo the other night on this
siuiject, that now, upon the Kansas border,
there are people living in camps, he said thou-
sands of people living in camps, occupying
temporary homes, in the expectation that the
Indian territory will be organized under a ter-
ritorial government and thrown open to settle-
ment. These peopla are now surrounded on
two sides, and I think the thing will be accom-
plished, The general picture that is drawn of
the beauty, fertility, and desirability of the
Indian territory is so strong that we cannot
protect that small body of Indians. You can-
not keep that immense tract of country, equal
lo two such States as Illinois, you cannot pre-
serve that beautiful tract of country there for
about seventy-live or eighty thousand Indians;
and the same thing that is now going on in
Kansas will be reenactedm the Indian territory
before long.
Sir, let us comply with our contracts. Where
the Indians have a reservation now and have
the faith of the nation pledged that they shall
have that laud, let us observe that faith just as
if we were dealing with Great Britain or with
France; let us not tamper and trifle with our
obligations and with our contracts with these
Indians. Let us live up to them in good faith,
and when the tide of population comes to these
reservations let it go around and on the out-
side, and let the power of this Government be
exercised to preserve the Indians in the enjoy-
ment of their titles.
Now, Mr. President, the understanding is
that an Indian reservation is no title. I ask
you if that is not the general impression iri our
minds, that an Indian reservation constitutes
no title? We have moved some Indians two,
three, or four times from one reservation to
another, and so on, pushing them forward, and
the understanding is that whenever the tide of
population sweeps up to the next reservation
they have got to get out of that and go still
further west.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaina. Soraehave been
moved twenty times.
Mr. MORTON. Sir, I would say let this thing
stop right here. If these Indians have got. a
title, and a title by the guarantee of the United
States, let us maintain that title the same as
if our agreement were made with the mostpow-
erful nation on the face of the earth. That
will be the best way to civilize the Indians
and to prevent Indian warfare. I believe that
the most of our Indian wars could have been
avoided. I believe that kindness and good
faith and honest treatment and a careful ob-
servance of their rights would have preserved
peace in nineteen cases out of twenty. But
when they are pressed upon as they now are
in Kansas, when the white people go actually
upon their reservations and take their lands
and their cabins and their wigwams before
their title has been extinguished, it would be
expecting too much of the highest civilized
nature to suppose that war would not be in-
augurated; and when that is inflicted upon
savage nature, what can we exDeet but war-
fare?
I think that honesty is the best policy. Let
us stand by our contracts with these poor peo-
ple. They will be but very little in our way.
Their reservations can be made smaller from
time to time as they become civilized and
will want less land, just as they have done
in New York, and just as they have done in
Michigan, and just as they have done in other
States where they themselves have come for-
ward and sold off their surplus land as they
learned to cultivate some small part of it and
to be satisfied with that part. But this policy
of driving them from reservation to reservation
and of convincing them and the world that no
Indian title is good for anything, but is only
good as long as we do not want the land, and
whenever wo do want it their title goes for
nothing, is a policy that, ought to be stopped.
Mr. THURJIAN. Mr. President, I do not
rise to make a speech on this question ; but I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to one
fact. After a very long discussion we created
a joint Committee on Indian Affairs that was
to shed a world of light on what should be the
Indian policy of this Government. Greatgood
was promised from the appointment of that
joint committee. Now, sir, I have not heard
a word from that committee yet 
Mr. DRAKE. Has it been appointed?
Mr. THUR1IAN. The resolution passed.
Mr. DRAKE. The resolution passed here
in an amended form ; but has the House of
Representatives ever concurred in the amend-
ment?
Mr. POMEROY. No; it has never come
back.
Mr. TTIURMAN. I am very glad to hear
they never have actci on it, although il takes
away all the foundation for the few remarks I
was going to submit; and that being removed,
1 will sit down. [Laughter.]
Mr. YATES. I do not altogether sympa-
thize with the views of the Senator from Indi-
ana. I think our Indian policy was wrong in
the beginning. The Indians ought never to
have had any title lo lands. They were sav-
ages; they did not want lands for improve-
mentorcultivatioo ; and they should have been
treated as the wards and children of the Gov-
ernment, and notas persons entitled to own land.
The argument of' the Senator from Indiana
applies just as strongly to the landing of our
Pilg rim Fathers ns it docs to the people o£
Kansas. The whole continent belonged to the
Indians; but the white men wanted inconti-
nent; they came over find took possession o(
the continent and took the Indian's fair luud.
They drove him back. Why did not Veimont
pursue this kind policy toward_ the Indians?
Why did not Indiana purbue this kind policy
