1870.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3225
ineficieney alleod
an offioc
the semes.
There is another remarkable provision in
this bill. It is the last, section. I read it:
<10 13. And be it further «saeitd, Thai the Pres-
Sdfi't'and also the Senate. may require any person
' .nlv'iiid for or reoommeaded for any office which
rvauire* confirmation by the Senate to appear before
caiJ board and be examined as to his qualifications,
piihfr before or after being commissioned; anil the
r«sult of s«cb examination shall be reported to the
President and to the Senate.
This applies to officers before and after they
commissioned. It is a modest provision,
whereby a majority of the Senate or an incom-
ing President may send before this dram-head
committee obnoxious justices of the Supreme
Court, judges of the circuit and district courts,
Secretaries of War, of the Navy, and Attorney
Generals, to be examined as to their fitness
 nd qualifications for their varied duties. What
a farce! What an unmitigated humbug!
While, then, no Secretary can remove an an-
faithful officer, even though caught in the com-
mission of crimes, while the President of the
United States cannot do it, yet this board can
do it; a single member of the board can doit;
eren an outsider who is not a member of the
board at ail, but who is selected by the board
for this purpose, can do it. He may make an
examination, and. for reasons which this board
nay have prescribed, may remove officers who
are entirely satisfactory to the Secretary and to
the President, thus interposing between them
and the faithful discharge of their duties.
1 can vote for no such measure as this. We
understand what the law now is. Under it the
Secretary of the Treasury and the other heads
of Departments are Bble to discharge their
duties, to acquit themselves of their responsi-
bilities, because whenever they find faithful sub-
ordinates they can keep them, and when they
fiod unfaithful officers tbey can effect their
removal. But pass this bill, and unfaithful
officers may be fastened upon them ; faithful
officers may be removed by this board which
neither President nor Secretary can control.
1 can rote for no such measure as this. I
admit that the evils of our present system are
numerous and ought to be removed ; but this
remedy is infinitely worse than the disease. It
would enre a toothache by administering to
the body-politic the cholera or small-pox.
I protest against interposing between the
President of the United States or the heads of
llepartments and their subordinate officers qny
Buch powerful irresponsible tribunal. X protest
against the provision of the bill which enables
mere strangers, men who are not appointed by
the President or approved by the Senate, but
who are the creatures and delegates of this
board, to exercise in the removal of the sub-
ordinate officers of the Departments a power
which heads of Departments and even the
Pre.-ident himself cannot exercise.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Nibl-vck] for fifteen
minutes.
ilr. NIBLACK., Mr. Speaker, by those
who have opposed this bill much has ! een
suggested that had previously occurred to me;
and therefore I shall omit very much I intended
to say in what I have to submit to the House
in opposition to it.
Tins bill seeks to do by legislation what can
only be done, in my opinion, by a vigorous and
healthy pubiic sentiment. The doctrine that
/to the victors belong the spoils" has a hold
m party politics that cannot be dislodged by a
measure like this bill or by any other means
glittering aud so general. As much as this
doctrine has been denounced by patties out
power, all parties like to practice it when in
power, it is but natural, reluctant as we may be
sometimes to admit it, for us a1! to prefer those
*ho gustaiu us to those who oppose and would
fleteat us, when we have patronage to bestow.
This preference is often, I concede, oapri-
ciously and unwisely exercised ; gross abuses
are often practiced under the unbridled con-
trol of patronage by those in possession of the
Government. We have daily instances of this
under the Administration now in power, as we i
have had during many preceding Administra- I
tious. But, sir, these abuses are not peculiar 1
to our Government; they are more or less in-
cident to all Governments and all forms of
government. With us all power rests with
the people, and if the people exercise their
power wisely all goes well. If they fall to do
this, weakness and corruption necessarily fol-
low, If the people are deceived by those in
whom they couiide, Congress cannot repair the
injury by enacting a civil-service bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour lias
expired. Thegentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] has fifteen minutes remaining, of
which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. NiB-
lackJ will be entitled to ten minutes to-mcr-
row morning.
ORDER OF BU9INBSS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the Housecesolve itselt info Com-
mittee of the Whole on the special order.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House
proceed to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. SCHENClv. I understand that the
gentleman from New York and others desire
very much to take up business on the Speak-
er's table; and they assure me that if this
proposition be agreed to there will probably
, be no opposition to a night session. If we can
1 go to the Speaker's table with an understand-
\ ing that at the end of au hour the House shall
go into Committee of the Whole, and at half
past four o'clock take a recess till half past
seven, I will yield for that purpose. If we
take up the business on the Speaker's table
1 I shall ask unanimous consent that it be con-
sidered undera five-miijutes rule with reference
; to debate. In this way we may dispose of a
' great many bills.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL. I desire to suggest to
, the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
| Means that he allow us to consider business on
the Speaker's table till two o'clock. That will
; give us an hour and forty minutes. If this be
! agreed to I think there will be no objection to
> a night session.
| evening session.
! Mr. SCHENCK. I move that when the
: House shall again resolve itself into Commit-
i tee of the Whole on the special order the Com -
i mittee of the Whole be instructed to take a
recess at half past four o'clock p. ra. till half
past seven.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
the gentleman proposes to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not.
Mr. FAllNSWORTH. The motion is not
in order before the motion is made to go into
the Committee of the Whole oil the state of the
Union. It is a problematic motion, that if we
do so and so, then we shall do so and st>. - It is
an unheard-of motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois thinks the motion unheard of. It is per-
fectly competent for the House not only to
provide a recess for this evening, but for one
tvaal/ in ofltonao
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Suppose we should
not go into the committee?
The SPEAKER. Then the recess of the
committee would fall.
The House divided; and there were-—ayes
82, noes 49.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered;.and Mr Sohbnck.and
Mr. Farnsworth were appointed;
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 74, noes 73.
Mr. DOA. I demand the yeas and nayi.
Mr. B&QOIvS, of New York. Let us have
the yeas and nays, in order to have a pledge of
those who will be here to-night.
The yeas mid nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—-yeas 77, nays 91, not voting
09; as follows:
VISAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Amufn Cobb, Coburn. Conner. Oov ode, Co wles, Dinkey,
Duval, Kla, Jfinkelnburg. 1'isUer, Fitch, liarlield,
Gilfillan. Ualo, llawley, Iloar, Hooper, Ingersoll,
J cnokes, Kclley, Kelsey, Knapp, Lynch, Maynard,
McCarthy, AlcCrary. Alclirew, Mereur, Milnes, lilia-
kim U. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell,
Syers.Negley,O'Neill, Packer,Peok. Phelps, Hoots,
Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Sconcld, Porter Sheldon,
John A.Smith,WorthinutonC.Smith, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Striokland, Ttjlor,.Tillman, Townseud,
Upson, Van Wyes, Ward, CadwaladorC. Washburn,
Wheeler, Willwd. ana John T. Wilson—77.
. NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Asper.Ayor,Beck,
Jteujanun.liisri. Bird, BeokMiJaroes Brooks, Buck,
"Burohard, Cleveland, Clinton L.Cobb,Cook, Conner,
Cox, Cnllom, Degenor. Dickinson, Dox, JSldridge,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, CJeti, Gibson, Griswold, 1km-
bloton.HiimiU. Hamilton, Harris, Hay. lleflm, Hol-
inun, Hotchkiss, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, J add, Lauin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Marshall, JUayham, MoKee, McKenzie. Mc-
Neely, Jesse H. llooro, Morgan. Morptiis, Morrissoy,
Niblack, Orth, Packard, Paine. Pcrcc, Peters, Pom-
eroy. Potter, Prosser, Randall. Reeves, Epgers, Sati-
tbrd. Shanks. Lionel A. Sheldon. Shober, Slocum,
Joseph ri. Smith, William J.Sw.Uh- William Smyth,
Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Stoughtoni Stradcr, Sweeney,
Taffo, TrimWe, Tyner.Vsn Trump. Voorhees, Wells,
Whitmure, Wilkinson. Williams, Winana, Winches-
ter. Witeber. and Wood—9).,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnoll, Atwood. Axtell,
Bailey, Banks, Earnum. Barry, Be&tnan, BetUt.v,
Boles, Bowen, Boyd. Buckley. Burr, Benjamin F.
Butler.Crobs, Davis, Dawes. Dixon, Dockery, Donley,
Dyer, Ferry, Fox, Haight.Haldcnian, Hawkins, Hays,
Ueaton, Ilitl, Hoge, Johnson, Julian, Kellogg,Kerr,
Ketoham, Knott, MeCorniielf, Samuel P. Morrill,
Mungen. Palmer, Piatt, Polajid, Porter, Ricp, Itidg-
way.Schamaker, Sherrod, Stevens, Strong, nwann,
Tanner, IL'wieiteli, Van Aukon, Van Horn, William
B. Washburn, Welkor, Eugene M. Wilsoa, and
Woodward—59,
So the House refused to order a recess.
During the vote,
Mr. CONGER statedtlidthiscolleague [Mr.
Beamaic] was compelled to leave the: House
on account of sickness.
. Mr. FINKELNBURG stated that his col-
league {Mr. MgCobmicX] had been called
home by sickness in his family. .
- The vote was then aoilQatiaed as above
recorded.
• LXAVK OF AB8BNCE.
By onanitnous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Cook from to-day to the 16th
instant, on account of sickness in his family;
to Mr. Garfielde, of Washington, for the
remainder of the session ; to Mr. McCormick,
of Missouri, for two weeks, on account of sick-
ness in his family; to Mr. Mercur until the
17th instant; to Mr. SlROKO.for twq weeks, and
to Mr. Cobb, of North Carolina, for three
weeks.
THE TARIFF
Mr. SCHBNCK. I now mpya that the rules
be suspended, and the Houserepolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed tp.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee .of the Whole on the Btate of the
■Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the qhair,) and re-
I autned the consideration of the special order,
I; being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to append exist-
[ ing laws relating to the duty on imports, aud
!; for other purposes.
! The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
1 was last in session it had under consideration
; the following paragraph of the bill:
On steel railway bars, 2 cents per pound; and on
li all railway bars made in part of steel. Is cents per
!' pound: Provided. That metal converted, cast, or
1 made from iron by the Bessemer or pneumatic pro-
i, cess, of whatever form or description, shall be classed
as steel.
;Qn this paragraph debate has been elof ■•<!.
The pending question is upon th« motion ot the
i, gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamik] to
