2282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
kind of bounties and subsidies, we think they
are asking a little too much. And when our
friends from Pennsylvania come here and say,
"You must add a little to the duty upon iron,
you must bolster us up," when they know, and
we know, and all the world knows that they
obtained that high tariff as a fair balance for
the internal revenue taxes which we were com-
pelled to impose upon them, we think they are
asking a little too much ; they are bearingdown
too heavily on our patience.
Mr. CAKE. We do not ask you to raise the
duty.
Mr. COBURN. And when the men of Mich-
igan and Wisconsin claim some additions to
the lumber duties, or at least that they shall
be held up as high as they now are, we think
they too are bearing down a little too severely
upon us. We in the prairie States, who have
to ship lumber 300, 500, 800 miles, think that
this burden ought to be lightened a little. We
say to those gentlemen, all of them, in good
faith, that we do not want to take off all the
duty; we are willing to adjust it so as that they
aud we, side by side, may carry the burdens
of this great Government. Wo have no ani-
mosity toward the gentlemen away "down
East," who build the ships, norto the men who
live up in the pineries, nor to the men who run
the great iron-works of Pennsylvania. We
can shake hands with the people of Pennsyl-
vania upon this question. If there is any part
of this broad land that would be benefited by
a high tariff upon iron it is Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Missouri; for in those States,
after all, is to be located the great iron-produ-
cing region of America. There, not in Penn-
sylvania, is to he the seat and center of the
iron-works of this country. We have stone-
coal, which is puro carbon, which will smelt
iron without coking. We have in Indiana
great veins of this coal extending over thou-
sands of miles. We have not far off the iron of
Missouri and of Lake Superior, the finest iron
ore in the world. New furnaces are being
built, and the attention of manufacturers may
be said to be just fairly fixed upon these new
and wonderful developments of coal and iron.
And then west of us there is all that vast
region which must be supplied, embracing not
only our own country, not only the great wheat-
fields and corn-fields and potato-fields^ the
finest agricultural region on earth, but the
region beyond the mountains and beyond the
Pacific ocean, the vast empires of China and
Japan, which must be supplied with tools, with
engines, with machinery, with agricultural im-
plements, with everything that can be made of
iron or steel. Befere many years hundreds of
millions of people will be competing in the
markets of this great central part of North
America for their manufactured products. If
we are in favor of reducing somewhat the iron
tariff these men of Pennsylvania must not get
angry with us; they must bear with us pa-
tiently. They must make sacrifices with us in
cutting down the tariff.
I make a similar remark to those gentlemen
living in Michigan and New York who are in-
terested in the salt manufacture. We want
salt to cure our meat. We raise a good deal
of pork and beef. We have been paying the
duty on salt very cheerfully for some time ; we
think we have now paid it long enough, and
we want to lessen it a little. We are willing
to make a fair division; we will not charge
quite so much for our meat, and the salt-men
will not charge so much for their salt, so that
we shall all come out even. This, it seems to
me, is the common sense of this matter of the
tariff. It seems to me improper to do as some
gentlemen have seemed disposed to do in this
debate—to arouse sectional hostility and jeal-
ousy.
Mr. PETERS. At this point I would like
to make a single remark if it will not interrupt
the gentleman.
Mr. COBURN. It will be no interruption
whatever.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman has alluded
to the section of country which he denomin-
ates " down East." Now I live about as far
"down East" as any other _ niember of this
House. I represent a district which is the
first that the sun shines upon in the United
States. In the State of Maine we are not
against protection ; we are not opposed to a
discriminative protection by means of a tariff
for all the labor and all the varied interests of
this country. But the sentiment in my State
is that the present arrangement of duties with
reference to the different interests weighs at
present too heavily upon us. The shipping
interest is now depressed; the lumber business
is not so prosperous as it once was, and other
interests are languishing. I agree with the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburw] in his
general statements, as I do also to a great ex-
tent with the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Wilkinson] who first addressed the commit-
tee this evening. I go to the greatest extent,
that when we raise a certain sum of money,
such as we all acknowledge to be necessary
for the carrying on of the Government, we
should give protection to all interests and all
kinds of labor and all sections of the country
just as discriminately aryl as fairly as it can be
done. If I lived in Indiana there would be no
objection between the gentleman and myself.
When he says that the people down East are
asking for this thing ho is drawing a distinc-
tion 
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman from Maine
does not deny that those living upon the sea-
coast do demand some things. The gentleman
has not forgotten that his colleague [Mr. Lynch]
has produced an admirable report on the de-
cline of American shipping, and that President
G rant not a week ago asked that Congress should
pass a law giving subsidies in the interest of peo-
ple who live on the ocean shore. When I say
that I denominate them as a people down East
it is in no spirit of hostility. I glory in their
enterprise, and if I am proud of any part of
the country above my own it is that country
away down East whose educational institutions
and whose enterprise and activity and brains
have been among the loading influences in this
nation. I hope other parts of the land will
rise up and follow their example and assert
their own rights, not to the detriment of any
one else, but stand up shoulder to shoulder,
coequal.
In reference to the tariff laws, they are not
the progeny of any party. They have never
been framed as the basis of any party or made
its platform. Tiiey grew up out of the emer-
gencies of the war. Internal taxes were levied
and duties upon imports were imposed for the
purpose of supplying the pressing wants of the
Government. They were mere temporary ar-
rangements, limited by the condition of the
country. Therefore there was no particular
principle involved in them. It was then, as
it is now, a mere question of adjustment. We
had so much money to raise, and duties were
levied accordingly. Wo have now to collect
about $140,000,000 or 8150,000,000 in gold a
year. Wo must collect it by means of the
tariff, or else we must repudiate the public debt.
We cannot levy direct taxation upon the farms
or other property of the people, for the people
will not submit to it; and when gentlemen talk
about striking off all duties they have to come
down to the hard-pan of repudiation, or to the
levying of a direct tax upon the farms and
other property of the people.
Mr. PETERS. With the gentleman's per-
mission I will say jast one word. I have heard
a good many Democratic speeches made upon
the tariff, and I have not heard one but what
has been in favor of protection by way of
chance to some particular interest or industry
of some particular section of the country.
Mr. COBURN. If you would listen to some
of the speeches made by Democratic members
yon would have to conclude that they were the
strongest protectionists. Take, for instance,
the speech of the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. IIaight.] In the beginning he seemed
to be a free-trade man of the straitest sect;
but in a little while it turned out that he was
in favor of the pottery interest; that is, that he
was in favor of protecting every article manu-
factured in this country fashioned out of clay.
Why? His own district is largely interested
in the manufacture of pottery.
Mr. KERR. I should like to suggest that
my friend from New Jersey [,Mr. Haig-ht] fol-
lowed the bad example set him byth'e gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Peters,] who desired
some protection forspruefeiumber. [Laughter. ]
Mr. PETERS. And some protection for
everything else.
Mr. KERR. I am afraid the gentleman did
not want to offer protection to everything else.
Mr. PETERS. I am in favor of equal pro-
tection to all interests.
Mr. KERR. If there should be equal pro-
tection to all interests of the country, then there
would be no such protection as that asked for
by the representatives of special interests.
Mr. COBURN. All this reminds^ me of a
military company there was down East, if: I
may be permitted to cite an instance. They
had a constitution and by-laws, and the prin-
cipal article was this, that the company should
continue in existence until a war broke out,
and that it was then to be immediately dis-
banded. [Laughter.] And so it is with the
members of the Democratic party on this floor.
They are all in favor of free trade until some
particular interest of their own springs up,
and then all at once they become high protec-
tionists. There is but one fair consideration
in this whole matter, there is but one fair,
honest, manly, square way about this whole
thing, and that is to say we are in favor
of a tariff of some kind sufficient to raise the
amount necessary to meet the annual interest
and other indebtedness in gold. Pree traders,
revenue men and protectionists should all agree
on this point.
Now, some say we shouldlevy our tariff dues
upon articles of luxury ; upon such things as
are used by rich men. If you will look at
the list of articles upon which your duties are
raised you will find that the luxuries consumed
by the rich men of the country do not amount
to enough to form a basis for raising a suffi-
cient revenue. Take the whole imports of
such articles at New York and they do not
amount to $140,000,000. The wholeimports on
which duties are levied are about $400,000,000.
In raising the revenue, therefore, we are bound
to levy our duties on articles which poor men
use and consume. There is nothing so con-
temptible as the cry we continually hear, "Let
us take care of the poor men." Who took
carc of this country when in danger? Was
it,the rich men alone ? No; but the poor men
shouldered their muskets at $13 a month, left
their wives and children, and followed the flag
for throe or four years. And the poor man
who has to pay duties on his salt, on his lum-
ber, on his ax, on all the iron that he uses,
is just as willing to do that as the rich man
to pay duties on the luxuries which he con-
sumes. There i3 nothing to my mind so con-
temptible and insulting to him as this eternal
harping on poor men being ground down by
having to pay their proportion of taxes. Mr.
Chairman, they pay it willingly and cheerfully.
Ihe poor men come up to the Government re-
quirements of taxation as honestly and promptly
as the richest men I know, and that without
any grumbling or grunting Ihave heard more
of this in this House on the subject of taxes
than I have heard from the men who never
wore a coat of broadcloth in their lives, and
who work every day with their horny hands for
the subsistence of their wives and children.
I scout, therefore, the idea of gentlemen
coming specially charged with taking care of
the poor men. They t ake care of themselves,
and they take care of this country. All that
we have to do is to legislate on a sensible and
reasonable basis. Now, I will say in the inter-
est of the whole country, the rich as well as
the poor, that the taxes should be reduced. I
