1338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
and leaves these two sections of land in the
State of Nebraska.
Mr. ALLISON. Is not the Missouri river
now the boundary ?
Mr. DYER. The old main channel of the
Missouri river is now the boundary. The com-
mittee on investigation find that it is necessary
that legislation should be had to make the
present channel the boundary line.
Mr. SPINK. I would inquire if the present
boundary line was not run very recently at
considerable expense to the Government?
Mr. DYER. I understand the boundary line
has been run, following the old channel of the
Missouri river. But now the old channel is
closed, the river having opened a new chan-
nel, and the people of Nebraska and those of
Dakota on this strip of land now drive their
wagons across the old channel on dry land.
Mr. SPINK. Have the people living upon
this piece of land ever asked that they shonld
be taken from the Territory of Dakota and
annexed to the State of Nebraska ?
Mr. DYER. I am not in possession of any
expression of opinion upon the subject from
the people of that section of country. This
bill was introduced by the gentleman from
Nebraska, [Mr. Taffe,] and referred to the
Committee on the Territories. It is to be sup-
posed that the people living upon this piece of
land would prefer to be within the jurisdiction
of Nebraska, the river cutting them off from
the Territory of Dakota.
Mr. SPIN K. I have evidence that the people
living upon this piece of land do not want to be
annexed to Nebraska, and prefer to be in the
Territory of Dakota.
Mr. DYER. I yield to the gentleman from
Nebraska [Mr. Taffe] for a few minutes.
Mr. TAFFE. As has been said by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Dyer,j the old
channel Of the Missouri river was established
as the boundary line between the State of
Nebraska and the Territory of Dakota at the
time of the organization of that Territory. But
since that time there has been what is termed
in that section of the country a cut-off, so that
where the Missouri river formerly ran twenty-
five miles around, it now runs across about two
and a half miles, and wagons and teams are
driven across the dry land where the old chan-
nel was. Upon an examination of the law I am
satisfied that the main channel of the Missouri
river would be the boundary line, notwith-
standing any gradual changes of slight extent.
Bat in eases of greater change, like this cut-
off, I am also advised that an act of Congress
would be required to establish the boundary
line in the new channel. The people on the
strip of land in question in this bill are actually
on the Nebraska side of the present main chan-
nel of the Missouri river. Now, as a matter
of convenience to them and to us, we ask that
they should be put under the jurisdiction of the
State of Nebraska. As the matter now stands,
if these people commitany little offense against
the laws of Nebraska, although the old channel
of the Missouri river is now dry land, we have
to get ont a requisition upon the Governor of
Dakota Territory.
Mr. DYER. I now call the previous question.
Mr. SPINK. I move that the bill be laid on
the table.
The motion to lay the bill on the table was
not agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded and
the mam question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DYER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
southern boundary of colorado.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on the
xemtories, reported back House bill No. 894,
in relation to the southern boundary of Colo-
rado Territory, and moved that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill, and that the same be laid on the t able.
The motion was agreed to; and it was ordered
accordingly.
wagon-roads in arizona.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on the
Territories, also reported back House bill No.
708, authorizing the construction of wagon-
roads in the Territory of Arizona, and making
an appropriation therefor, and moved that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill, and that the same be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreedto; and it was ordered
accordingly.
wagon-road in new mexico.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
682) making an appropriation for a wagon-
road from Los Rincones, in the Territory of
New Mexico, via Rio del Pueblo, to Mora;
and moved that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
capitol buildings in territories.
Mr. POMEROY also, from the Committee
on the Territories, reported back, with an
amendment in the form of a substitute, a bill
(H. R. No. 687) to set aside certain proceeds
from internal revenue for the erection of cap-
itol buildings in the Territories of Arizona,
Dakota, Idaho, Montana, Washington, and
Wyoming.
The substitute, which was read, provides
that the net proceeds of the internal revenue
of the Territories of Arizona, Dakota, Idaho,
Montana, Washington, and Wyoming for the
fiscal years severally ending June 30, 1870,
June 30, 1871, and June 30, 1872, be appro-
priated for the purpose of erecting, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
capital buildings in those several Territories
for the nse and accommodation of the Gov-
ernor, Legislative Assembly, secretary, and
supreme court of the respective Territories,
at such places therein as have been or may
be designated by the Legislatures thereof and
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The money thus set aside and appropriated
in each Territory is to be devoted exclusively
to the erection of capitol buildings in the Ter-
ritory in which the same has been or shall be
collected, and in no other; provided the sum
shall not exceed $40,000 in each Territory.
The building or buildings in each Territory
are to be finished for the sum appropriated.
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to
commence the erection of the buildings in any
Territory whenever the net proceeds of inter-
nal revenue collected therein shall amount to
$15,000; and i3 also directed to make such
regulations as he shall deem necessary for the
safe custody of the money thus set apart until
it is used as directed by this act.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that this bill makes an appropriation,
and must, under the rules, receive its first con-
sideration in the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. CULLOM. I think the Chair will find,
on an examination of the bill, that it does not
make any appropriation of money.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the language of the
bill does not escape the objection on the point
of order the purpose of its framer is certainly
defeated. The bill seems to have been drawn
with a special view to getting round the point
of order. If the effort has been unsuccessful
then no ingenuity could avoid the objection.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read a
part of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the net proceeds of the internal revenue of
the Territories of Arizona, Dakota, Idaho, Montana( I
and Wyoming, for the fiscal years sevorally ending
on the 30th day of June, 1870, the 30th (lay of Juno
1871, and the 30th day of June, 1ST—, be, and the same
are hereby, appropriated to and for the purpose of
erecting, under tlio direction of tho Secretary of the
Treasury, capitol buildings in the said several Ter-
ritories.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order made by tho gentleman from
New York. Any bill which by its own force
takes money out of the Treasury is an appro-
priation bill within the meaning of the rule. A
bill may contemplate an expenditure of money
to be hereafter appropriated, or may direct the
expenditure of money out of a fund already
appropriated ; and such a bill would not be
liable to the point of order. But any bill, which
by its own force takes money out of the Treas-
ury is an appropriation bill. This bill comes
within that category and must go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I present a report to
accompany the bill, and move that the bill and
report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ENFORCEMENT OF LAWS IN UTAII.
Mr. CULLOM, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1089) in aid of the execution of the laws in
the Territory of Utah, and for other pur-
poses.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, but
before concluding, the morning hour expired,
and the bill went over until to-morrow.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled House joint resolu-
tion No. 117, authorizing the Secretary of War
to place at the disposal of Bridges's Battery As-
sociation, at Chicago, Illinois, certain captured
ordnance; when the Speaker signed the same.
cuba.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution (H. R. No. 163)
in relation to the contest between the people
of Cuba and the Government of Spain, for
reference to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
There was no objection; and the joint reso-
lution was read a first and second time.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to have that
resolution read.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope this
will not be allowed to interfere with the New
York contested-election case. We have but a
short time for it.
The joint resolution, which was read, de-
clares, first, that the President of the United
States be, and hereby is, authorized and in-
structed to declare and maintain a strictly
impartial neutrality on the part of the Gov-
ernment of the United States in the contest
now existing between the people of Cuba and
the Government of the kingdom of Spain; and
second, that all acts or parts of acts, and all
provisions of the statute approved 20th April,
1818, entitled "An act in addition to the act
for the punishment of certain crimes against
the United States and to repeal the acts therein
mentioned," which are or maybe construed to
be in conflict with the faithful execution of the
object and purpose of the foregoing resolution,
should be, and hereby are, declared to be in
regard to the existing contest between the peo-
ple of Cuba aud the Government of Spain, and
so long as that contest shall continue, inopera-
tive, null, and void.
Mr. BANKS moved that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
