26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
taring profits on his machines, which I think
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack]
mustackn.owledge is only proper and just.
There is another point to which 1 would in-
vite the. attention of the House. The in-
vetitor .has established his business at a groat
expense, and has all the tools, the castings,
and the;apparatus necessary for constructing
these machines, and he can build them cheaper
than any one who could come into competi-
tion with him during the period of seven years,
for which this bill proposes to extend the pa-
tent. .And the public know thatifthey goto him
they can get a good machine, which they
would not have the like ceitaiuty of getting
from any rival. Therefore it is for their inter-
est that the bill should pass, for this reason :
that they will have the security that these
presses shall be built according to the idea of
the original inventor, and be what they pur-
port to be, and what the purchasers desire to
have them 'when delivered for use. These are
practical reasons which govern the parties en-
gaged in the printing trade who join in I he
recommendation which has been laid before
the House. And, Mr. Speaker, there is not
from any part of the country, from any printer
in any city, town, or village, in any Slate,
any remonstrance against the granting of the
prayer of this petitioner. When, therefore, all
the parties interested thus unite, I hope gen-
tlemen will feel that Congress ought, by pass-
ing the bill before the House, to give that
recognition to a great invention which they
gave to the invention of Fulton, and which all
agree should be given to those inventions which
work a revolution in any art or manufacture.
The ordinary contest between patentees for the
profits of the manufacture is petty,indeed, com-
pared to the meiits of the great inventions,
which are seldom produced more than one in
an age. When we meet with such a one some-
thing more is duo to it than a mere considera-
tion of the petty profits which are made by its
manufacture. Something is due to what the
inventor has done for his race, and those who
are expressing^ their willingness to contribute
' in money to this testimonial are in reality tend-
ering to this inventor, and asking of you for
him that recognition which he deserves by the
passage of this bill.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to call the attention
of the House to the fact that this bill has the rec-
ommendation of all the leading presses of all
portions of the country. For instance, I find
m this printed pamphlet recommendations
from Charles A. Dana, James Gordon Bennett,
and Horace Greeley; from Benjamin Wood;
from the publishers of the New York Times
and the Commercial Advertiser; from Harper
& Brothers; from the publishers of the Boston
Daily Advertiser, Post, Transcript, Evening
Traveller, and Pilot; from the Philadelphia
Public Ledger and Inquirer; from the Chi-
cago Evening Journal, Times, and Tribune;
from the Cincinnati Gazette and Commer-
cial; from the St. Louis Republican; from
the Daily Morning Chronicle of Washington ;
trom all the leading printers and editors
throughout the length and breadth of the
United States.
_ Mr. JENCKES. I now ask for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the House will
not sustain the demand for the previous ques-
tion on a matter of this sort.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
The question was put on seconding the
previous question; and there were—ayes 31,
noes 78.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the bill
bo referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move that the bill
be laid on the table.
The question was taken on Air. Finkeln-
bukg's motion ; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote, by which the bill was laid on the table ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion wijs agreed to.
payment of pensions.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, andagreedto:
Resolved, That tho Postmaster General bedirected
to report to this Ilouee as early as may be what, if
any, plan id practicable by which pensions duo to the
widows and orphans of soldiers maybe paid through
tho Money-Order Bureau of tho Post Office Depart-
ment, so as to decrease the expense, delay,-, and
frauds of the present system of payment.
olldl'.r of ucsinbs3 for to-mokitow.
Mr. STOKES. Yesterday the House or-
dered that the bill relating to the ninth census
should be taken up after the morning hour to-
morrow. I now desire to ask a change of that
order, so that the bili shall be the special order
for to-morrow immediately after the reading
of the Journal, and from day to day until dis-
posed of. I intended to make that motion yes-
terday. The bill is a very important one, and
I hope no gentleman will object.
There was no objection, and the "order was
made.
drawing for skats.
Mr. HOOPER. of'Massacliusetts. I offer the
following resolution:
lletolved. That the Committee on the Ilulcs be
inslrueted to report :m amendment of the rules of
the House to provide that after seats and desks
have once beon drawn for in auy Congress no future
drawing shall bo in order during that Congress.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. IIoopeb") is entitled to the
floor. Does he yield to the gentleman from
Michigan ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I believe
I must demand the previous question.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman will
allow me a moment to make a remark on this
subject.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It would
only give rise to a debate on the question, for
which I think the House has not time. I
demand the previous question.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the House will vote
down the demand.
Mr. JUDD. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes 75,noes 74.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARN8WORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
clerks in state department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of State, transmitting, in com-
pliance with section two of the act of March
3, 1869, a statement of the number, compens-
ation, reduction, &e., of the clerical force in
his Department,; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
publication of laws.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of State, asking for an
appropriation of $36,000 for publishing the
laws; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
providence hospital.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous eon-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Surgeon General of the Army, inclos-
ing a report of expenditures for the completion
of Providence Hospital, in the District of
Columbia, during the year ending December
6, 1869; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Surgeon General of the Army, askuig for
an appropriation of SO,000 for Providence
Hospital, in the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
columbia hospital.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Acting Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a report of the Surgeon General
of the Array, relative to the expenditure of
appropriations for Columbia Hospital for
Women and Lying-in Asylum ; which was re-
ferred to-the Committee on Appropriations,and
ordered to be printed.
gettysburg national cemetery.
The SPEAKER also,by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Governor
of the State of Connecticut, transmitting a copy
of an act of the Legislature of that State, au-
thorizing the cession to the United States of
all the title and interest of that State in the
Soldiers' National Cemetery at Gettysburg, in
the State of Pennsylvania ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
statue of natiianibl greene.
Tho SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
secretary of State of Rhode Island, announ-
cing that the stalue of Major General Nathaniel
Greene, designed to occupy a place in the old
Hall of the House of Representatives, is com-'
pleted, and asking instruction as to the con-
signment thereof; which was referred to the
Committee on Public I^uildinga and Grounds,'
and ordered to be printed.
attorney geneftal's office.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Attorney General, submitting estimates of ap-
propriations for the service of his department
during the next fiscal year; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
protection op american seamen.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a letter from tho
Secretary of State, communicating an abstract
of all returns made to his Department by the
collectors of customs pursuant to the act of
May 28, 1796, for the relief and protection
of American seamen, showing the number of
seamen registered in the several ports of entry
in the United States during the year ending
September 30, 1869; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
report op the secretary op the interior.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a report of the Secretary
of the Interior, pursuant to the second section
of an act making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1870;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Com-
missioner of Patents, transmitting a statement
of the expenses of the United States Patent
Office for the year ending November 30, 1869;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents5
and ordered to be printed.
contested-election cases.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House papers in the following
contested-election cases; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections :
Taylor vs. Reading, fifth district of Penn-
sylvania ;
