324
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
Senate.
Admission of Georgia—Mr. Thayer.
41st Gong....2d Sess.
did so. Her restoration was not complete.
All the Senators in this body are famfliar with
those clauses of the reconstruction acts—I will
not stop now to read them—which, expressly
declare that until the States are restored to
their proper relations with the Union all civil
governments in those States are provisional.
Sir, Georgia has not been restored. Her gov-
ernment was provisional, and we have treated
it as provisional. Georgia is a military dis-
trict, by order of tlxo President of the United
States, and in conformity with your recon-
struction nets, and to-day Governor Bullock
can be removed by General Terry at will, and
so can every other officer in that State.
Mr. SAULSBUEY. Will my _ honorable
friend allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBUEY. It' such bo the char-
acter of the State government of Georgia, I
should like his legal opinion upon this ques-
tion: whether sueti'ii government can constitu-
tional!}' ratify ati amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the U nited States?
Mr. T1IAYKK. Well, sir, when that ques-
tion arises i will discuss it with my friend.
Mr. SAUIiSUURY. 1 only wanted your
opinion.
Mr. TjT AYI'jJt. t will give my honorable
friend an opinion on that subject then. J am not
now discunsing the legality of the ratifications
of the amendments to the Constitution, and
cannot be drawn aside from the line ot' my
argument.
Governor Bullock is to-day the provisional
governor anil the State officers are provisional;
else why did Congress p;us a law on the li'.M "
i'.i' December last, *'to promote reeonxtruc- j
tion " in thai State? To promote means to
advance, io siksmI, m accomplishing a purpose
whi'-h Ins not been already accomplished, which
is not. complete; to secure the end io view.
The tiLiu to that lull proves conclusively that,,
in our judgment, on the 22d of December last
reconstruction was not an accomplished fact,
and therelore the State, was not restored, and
consequently its government was provisional.
If Georgia was a State in full relationship with
the Union, how camo v;e to be engaged in
' promoting" recousliuctionthcre? Thatprop-
oaiiion comes in too late in the day. it seems
to be a sort of afterthought to sustain gentie-
ii)i n in the adoption of this amendment.
To show what, tin: opinion of the eonvention
which trained the constitution of Georgia was
1 will read the preamble to an ordinance which
they pap.-ed to provide tor t ho election of civil
officers:
" AYlifreiiiS :i.!l o.i\-il oHit'ort' oftho St si to ureonly pro-
visional until tins Htute. is reyrcHimtcd in Uoiigi'o^;
niul wii'-rece) the intercut of (Uiontia 1 cciiuies t.bat, ait
cu il oilier^ should In! hiicd by loyal citu.cn?, accord-
ing to 11 k' provisions ot I hecoiustiivition being framed
by this convention, at tho-oiirliest praoticablo mo-
ment, and tor the purpose of .ivoiding any unncoe.;-
sary loss oi" lime and u.-'.oiexpense to the Sta-to."
So that if any further conditions were im-
posed it would not lie necessary for that con-
vention to reassemble to ratify them, or to
carry them into effect unless so required; and
they provided in advance that all the officers
should bo provisional until tho State was fully
restored, and they inserted this provision in
tho constitution:
"Should this constitution bo nftified by tho pro-
pie, and Gousrftss aeocpt the same with any "qualifi-
cations or conditions, tho government herein pro-
vided lor and tho oSiocrs otootod t*halt nevertheless
exist and continue in tho cxeicise of their scvoral
taueiioii.-i as trie, government of til U State, so far as
tho s.inicroay_bo consistent with tlio action ot the
(jiufcd estates ivitiud premises."
That is, consistent with the- action of this
Congress ; consistent with whatever terms this
Congress may impose or whatever further con-
ditions it may prescribe; for instance, if it
shall provide that the State government shall
commence on the completion of the legal
organization of the Legislature of the State,
or froni the passage of tliis act of restoration'.
They foresaw that, and provided for it tiy that
section Of the constitution which has been
quoted.
By the Bingham amendment it is clai med
that we have a right to fix the time for hold-
ing an election. If we can do that, we cer-
tainly can fix the time from which the State
government shall go into operation. Tho
power to do the former surely implies the
power to do the latter. We can then name the
day from which the State government shall
take effect.
Now, look at the two propositions. That
known as the Bingham amendment is to re-
quire anew election the coming autumn, with-
out the Stategovernmenthavinghad the oppor-
tunity and the power to support it, to bo put
into active operation. It having been provis-
ional until tliia time, it has been without the
means, without tho legislation to enable it to
sustain itself and to make its power felt in
securing peace and order and good govern-
ment in that State. Your statute has prohib-
ited the Legislature of Georgia from providing
an organized militia force. There is not now
sufficient time between this and autumn to bring
about a state of things in which an election
can be held where there can be a full and fair
expression of the people, unawed by violence,
fraud, and assassination. I therefore stand by
the proposition to tlx the day from which the
lej;al State government shall commence, is
this unjust ?
Wo are charged with legislating for the con-
tinuance of Governor Bullcick and his associates
for two years longer in office. I charge that
the Bingham amendment turns the State of
Georgia back to the Union-hating rebels and
to the Kuklux Klan for all tune, so far as we i
can see. Admitting we are both wrong, I have
the satisfaction of knowing that i, aud those
with whom I act, are with tho loyal people of
Georgia; while I find that the rebel people of
that vState, those who fought through four years
to destroy this Government and who prevent,
tho restoration of peace to-day, sustain and
support and demand the adoption of that amend-
ment. 1 prefer to lie with my friends. 1 pre-
fer to be with the Union men of the South
rather than with (heir enemies. Were I to
propose a Measure relating Io reconstruction
which should commend itse'f to the judgment,
and to tho good will ami command the earn-
est, united support of those who had been from
first to last, the most, uncompromising, the most,
unrelenting foes of reconstruction, and which
should meet only with condemnation from those
who have been its unyielding supporters and
steadfast friends, I should begin to inquire
what I was doing and whither I was tending!
On this question in Georgia the issue is well
dolined, tho lino is distinctly drawn. It is
Unionism upon the one side and malignant
hate upon the other. Take a vote there, aud
every man who has proven his devotion and
fidelity to his country in the hour of its sever-
est trial, aud who has faltered not in the djtii-
cult work of reconstruction, would oppose the
adoption of this amendment; while-every one
who had proved laithless in his fidelity to his
country in the same hour of trial would advo-
cate its adoption, livery 'member of the Klan
would vote'for it as surely as would every elec-
tion -repeater in the city of New York. Tho
Democracy are united On this subject. Why
are the Republicans divided on this one issue?
I congratulate my Republican friends who are
now acting with our ancient enemies iipoa their
new-found associations with their new-found
allies.
When Nebraska applied for admission into
the Union as a State she had that obnoxious
word "white" in her State constitution. My
friend from Vermont, [Mr. Ebmuxds]—and I
acknowledge the interest which he felt in the
matter—propose&a condition to the bill which
had been introduced for the admission of that
State, which was, that there should never be a
denial of the right of suffrage to any person on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude. He will, recollect that it did not
require its submission to the people of that
State, nor to the State Legislature for their
assent. It was a simple condition, as 1 have
stated it. The provision submitting it to the
State Legislature for its ratification was at-
tached to the bill by the Housa. Tho Senator
from Vermont therefore believes in the doc-
trine of conditions. Nov/, if we have the
po%er—and I agree to it—to strike a word from
a State constitution which affected its mean-
ing, which was in reality a fundamental prin-
ciple of the constitution, Svc certainly have the
power to fix the time from which that consti-
tution shall take clfect. I suppose the Senator
will assent to that. If wo could change it in
its essential features, if we could make it tho
reverse of what it was by Un act of Congress,
we could certainly fix by lav/ the time when
that change should take effect. That boin:;
conceded, it is competent to fix tho time from
which the constitution and the State govern-
ment shall start upon its career, upon its exist
once as a State, i claim, therefore, that'ii, is
within our power to fix the time from wheuee
the Slate government of Georgia shall date as
a State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, I think that is entirely true ; but I wish to
ask my friend if, having fixed such a time, we
could admit the Senators before, and if we did,
whether we should have Senators from a Ter-
ritory or from a State?
Mr. THAYER. Will my friend be kind
enough to state his question again, my atten-
tion for the moment, having been diverted?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agroe to my friend's
proposition entirely, that we can determine
the day from which the State shall begin to
eSist; but if we do determine that day, can
that State be entitled to Senators before that
day comes ?
Mr. THAYER. Not to admission on this
floor; but it has been the practice in all the
Territories, when they form State governments,
for the Legislature to meet and to elect Sen-
ators before the application is made for admis-
sion. So it, was iu Nebraska. 'L'he Senators
were elected seven or eight months before the
bill passed for the admission of tho State. So
it was in Nevada.. Minnesota, and other States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But my friend knows we
did not admit the Senators, he himself being
one of them, as much as we wanted him, and
] certainly did, until the State camo to be a
State by law. So the Senator and 1 agree
entirely. Wo can keep Georgia out until we
think it is safe to admit her; but when we do
admit her, she is certainly entitled to repre-
sentation.
Mr. THAYER, .That is true. 1 do not
propose to admit any Senators before file bill
passes and becomes a law providing for her
admission.
Mr. EDMUNDS, But my friend proposes
that this thing shall not take effect, in effect,
to use the word "effect" in two senses, until
two years more have run, during which hi-'
friends aud iny friends are to hold over ir.
Georgia. That- being so, the State would not
be in a condition as an independent and equal
State to be represented here until that time
had come when she was full-fledged. So that
the result wouid be that he and i would unite
in going for the amendment of my friend from
Kansas.
Mr. THAYER. I thought ! could lay down
that proposition, the Senator having been eon-
