1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1339
ELECTION COXTBST VAN WYCK VS. GREENE.
The House resumed the consideration of
the New York contested-election case of Van
Wvck vs. Greene.
'Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker,
I pro-
pose to consider this case mainly in its legal
aspects, but in order to apply the law it is neces-
sarv to restate very briefly the facts. The source
from which the contest springs is the manner in
which foreigners were naturalized, and the use
made of the votes of such persons. There has
been so much looseness in naturalization that
we have almost forgotten the law under which
it proceeds. In Brightly's Digest, page 34, the
provision of the law will be found :
" Thirdly. That the court admitting such alien shall
he satisfied that ho has resided within the United
States five years at least, and within the State or
Territory where such court is at the time held ono
year at least; and it shall further appear to their
satisfaction that during tho time ha has behaved as
fiman of good moral character, attached to tho prin-
ciple- of the Constitution of the United States, and
well disposed to the pood order and happiness of
the same: Provided, That the oath of the applicant
shall in no case be allowed to prove his residence.
This provision of law has been passed upon
by the courts. "The residence and good
moral character of the applicant cannot be
established by affidavits, but must be proved
in court by the testimony of witnesses." (7
Hill, p. 137.) " The powers conferred upon the
courts to naturalize aliens are judicial and not
ministerial, and require an examination into
each case sufficient to satisfy the court." (In
the matter of Clark, 18 Barb., p. 44-1.)
The law, therefore, requires when a foreigner
comes into a court to be naturalized the court
must hear the application, consider the testi-
mony, and act upon it judicially. There is
no pretense in this case that this provision
was followed at all; on the contrary, the appli-
cants came to the number of over eight hundred,
and their applications were received, not by the
judge, but by the clerk, by the deputy clerk, aud
by three or four special deputy clerks. They
were running the machinery, not in the court
by the judge, but in the court-room without the
judge, the court attending to other business;
in the grand jury room, in another room be-
low stairs, and, apart from the court-house, in
an engine-house. How was it done? If it
be claimed that the clerks took the place of
judges, I answer that they did not act judi-
cially.
Certificates were issued to persons not sworn.
They were issued without any examination.
They were issued without witnesses. They
were issued without any personal application.
They were distributed by political leaders from
grocery stores, and in one case they had over
a hundred certificates in a cream-tartar box,
in a back room of a grocery, the keeper of it
being instructed not to know who came and
got them. And parties, no doubt advised that
they were there, came and took them away.
And one man found his certificate of naturaliza-
tion, which transformed him from a foreigner
to a sovereign citizen, "flying" in the street.
Certificates were also procured from the city
of New York, coming by mail or by the hand of
friends. A man would be notified that there
was something at the post office for him, and
he would go and get a naturalization paper from
the city of New York, although lie never had
been there, and had never applied for it.
But I may be asked was not this all done
innocently? Did anybody know that he was
doing wrong? On that point I would refer
gentlemen to the testimony; and, first,, as to
the conduct of the judge presiding over these
proceedings at Newburg, Judge George. At
page 88 of the printed testimony we have the
evidence of the clerk of the court, Lewis Cud-
deback, who says, examined by the contestee :
|Question. There were special deputy clerks ap-
pointed at Newburg, were there not?
^Answer. There were.
Question. State who they were and how they came
to^bo appointed.
Answer. William J. Dickson was one: Samuel E.
uimmick, Henry C. Millspaugh, and Wickam T.
Shaw. These wero all when we commenced taking
or making or issuing tho naturalization papers.
"Thero was a very great crowd, so much so that
the judge directed the sheriff to take them out into
tho jury-room and take their naturalizations there.
I sent Dickson, tho only deputy I had at tho timo,
out to take tho naturalizations there. This was a
special deputy. After making an effort to get along
with tho naturalizations there, he told mo he could
not get along with it alone, and wanted me to get
appointed another special deputy to help him. I
consulted tho judge about making another appoint-
ment. lie told me he had no doubt I had the right
to appoint a sufficient number of deputies to do tho
business."
At page 59 of the testimony it appears that
the judge left the court-room while the natural
ization was going on. At page 94 it appears that
the judge left the bench about twelve o'clock
in the day, when there was a great rush; " that
he came down from his desk and whispered to
the clerk that if he did not see him there the
court was open all the same.'' He then took
his hat and left the court-room and did not
return until some time past two o'clock. An
hour and a half passed, and during that time
over one hundred papers were issued.
At page 29 of the testimony is the evidence
of a man named Olding, as follows:
" Question. Have you naturalization papers 1
"Answer. Yes.
" Question. When did you get them ?
"Answer. Last March I got the last papers. Judge
George gave them to me.
" Question. Where ?
"Answer. At tho court-house, Newburg: Judge
George ordered them to be given to me.
" Question. Were you sworn ?
" Answer. Yes.
"Question. Who swore you?
" Answer. Mr. W. J. Dickson.
" Question. Had you any witnesses ?
" Ansicer. No, sir.
" Question. Where was this done?^
"Answer. In tho court-house, while court was in
session.
" Question. Did you get any papers from any per-
son this fall ?
"Answer. No,sir.
" Cross-examination:
" Question. Who was there with you?
" Answer. No ono.
" Question. Had you your first papers ?
"Answer. No, sir."
On page 37 it appears that a man came to be
registered, and when he presented his paper it
was objected to as not in form. Two years had
not elapsed since he got his first papers. He
went away and came back with another person
who urged that he should be registered, but was
refused again. He then went away, and brought
his naturalization papers again, indorsed with
the name of Judge George, and he was regis-
tered as a voter. Can there be any question
that the judge knew what he was about?
But let us look at the conduct of one of
those special deputy clerks. On page 46 of
the testimony it appears that William J. Dick-
son, one of those deputy clerks, was afterward
an inspector of the election in the first ward
of Newburg, and when a voter was challenged
as to his residence, he (Dickson) would say:
" Walk up, gentlemen, and take this cast-iron
oath for these fellows;" saying further, when
a man hesitated, "that it did not amount to
anything."
The leading politicians of the Democratic
party were not only cognizant of these pro-
ceedings, but they got them up. The promi-
nent men of the county issued a circular con-
taining an opinion of the attorney general of
the State, instructing voters that they might
with impunity commit perjury and thrust their
votes in ; instructing them that a certificate of
naturalization having the seal of a court wa8
conclusive, and that no one could go behin
it. The members of the central committee
of the Democratic party of the two counties
issued a circular in which they informed the
voters that the law did not require a natural-
ized citizen in any case to present his paper8
of naturalization to the board on applying for
registration, that the board has no right to
require it; and instructing them that if their
votes were challenged they were not obliged
to take the preliminary oath upon which they
could be examined as to their qualifications,
but that they might take the general oath and
put in their votes. On page 173 it appears
that Mr. Norton, who procured the circular
from the attorney general, had a conversation
with Wilson Taylor. The witness says :
"Mr. Norton and I had a political discussion, in
which ho said that the Democratic party would carry
the State of New York and this district. Imnlctho
remark, in reply, that if they did I thought tliey
would havo todo awholesalcnaturalization business.
lie said they intended to naturalize as many as was
necessary to do it. lie said they would do it as an
offset to tho negro vote the Republican party would
get in tho South."
And here, sir, is the key to this proceed-
ing. How is it that men of good reputation
and respectability, men who enjoy position in
society, who have claims to moral character,
to social character, to business character, will
be parties to such proceedings ? I can answer
in no other way than by supposing that the
Democracy of the State of New York really
believe what they teach, that the reconstruction
laws of Congress and the whole administration
of the Government by the Republican party are
absolutely null and void ; that they are usurp-
ations and wrongs, and that the Democracy are
justified before the law and the country and
their consciences in doing any and all things
to counteract what we have done and are doing.
Either that must be true or else society or that
wing of it must have sunken lower in moral
character than I am willing to believe.
Again, we have the statement of Mr. Audrew
J. Mills, the brother-in-law of the sitting mem-
ber, who said a few weeks before the election
that " the Democrats were going to carry the
county; that they had the material and were
going to use it. He said there would be fraud-
ulent votes cast." One of the witnesses, Mr.
Beattie, asked him who they would be cast by,
and he said " by the Democrats;" he said "that
the Republicans had not the material if they
had the disposition." And thatis the proof in
this case. The Republicans had not the mate-
rial if they had the disposition. I know it is
hard sometimes for Republicans to stand by
when they see Republican districts taken from
them and carried over their heads by foul
means ; but Mr. Mills was right—if they have
the disposition they have not the material; and
the only plan for the Republican party, not
only as a matter of moral right but as a mat-
ter of policy, is to keep clean hands. They
have not the material to do this business with,
and they do not understand it if they had.
I come now to touch upon a question which
is not agreeable to me, the evidence showing
the connection of the contestee himself with
these proceedings. On page 07 of the printed
testimony will be found the evidence of James
T. Kane. He says that when they were mak-
ing the registry a witness came up.
" The witness's name was Kyle. He didn't know
his given name, but thought it was John. In reply
to question who the officer was before whom he was
naturalized he said he didn't know; that tho only
person he saw thero that he knew was Judge Greene;
and ho told us to go home, we needn't lose any more
time, and they would send the papers to McNeal's;
and that he received this (his) paper at McNeal's."
Here was a man being naturalized. Nobody
knew him, and he knew nobody but the con-
testee, and the contestee sent him home telling
him that his paper would be sent to McNeal's,
and it was sent to him at McNeal's!
On page 121 will be found the evidence of
Philander Banker, who testifies as follows:
"Question. Whore do you reside?
"Answer. Middletown.
"Question. Do you know George W. Greene ; and
if so, how long?
"Answer. For last twelve or fifteen years havo
known him.
"Question. Youresided in tho town of Goshen until
within the last two years ? •
"Answer. Yes. ,
"Question. Did he see you before the last general
election and say anything to you about finding oat
men who had not their papers, and giving their
names, and that they would get their papers all
T'^^Answer. I went into the Taylor House, Middle-
town, abouttwo weeks before the election, and I wet
Mr. Greene, and I think Charles Dunning was in
company. Mr. Greene asked mo to take a cigar with
him, and we came back from the counter to the cen-
ter of the bar-room. No person was near by ; and
