1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
41st Cong....2dSess.
Admission of Georgia—rMr. Thayer.
Sex ate.
nected with that question, and that I should
have his entire assent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yon have, certainly.
Mr. THAYER. Bat you suggest a different
issue afterward. The Senator will pardon me
if X relate an incident. A person applying for
admission to a church, the nine articles of faith
of that church were shown to him. He looked
over them earefally'and said, "If you will per-
mit me to change seven of these articles and
add three new ones, I think I can agree with
your church sufficiently to join it." [Laugh-
ter..] So if propositions can be modified suffi-
ciently to conform to the views of the Senator
from Vermont I have no doubt we shall always
have his fall assent.
The legal existence of the State government
dates frOm the legal organization of the Legis-
lature in January last, and it is competent for
Congress to fix that time in this bill as the
commencement of its official existence. And
when the State is restored by the passage of
T his bill to her full relationship with the Union,
then her Senators and Representatives, legally
elected and legally qualified, are entitled to
immediate admission ia either House of Con-
gress. There is no waiting for two years or for
any length of time, as my friend from Vermont
seems to indicate-, if my plan prevails.
Touching the senatorial question in Georgia,
1 conceive that has nothing to do with the
action we are to take on this bill. That is an
independent question. Senators are to be ad-
mitted or rejected after Georgia is fully restored
as a State of the Union, upon the distinctive
merits on which each case stands. That is a
question by itself, and independent ol all
others.
Mi'. President, this Bingham amendment
was ingrafted upon the bill in the other House
by a minority of the Republican members in
that House, aided by the em-ire vote of the
Democratic members; and if it is carried here,
it will be carried by a minority of the vote ot
the Republican party, aided by the solid vote
of the Demoeiatic party. The vote taken the
other dav on the amendment proposed by the
Senator "from Oregon [Mr. Williams] indi-
cated thai about two thirds of the Republican
Senators favored striking out the Bingham
amendment and the adoption of the amend-
ment offered by that Senator, and only about
one third favored its retention ; but with the
united strength of the Democracy added to
that third the proposition of the Senator from
Oregon failed. Thus it is in both Houses._ A
minority of the party on a political question,
combining with the solid vote of the Demo-
cratic paiiy, force the Bingham amendment
upon the bill, and it is thus passed, if passed
at all. Then, having accomplished that pur-
pose, the Democratic party desert the bill, and
leave it to be carried through by the Repub-
licans in both Houses. That may be good
party tactics, but I fail to appreciate it. I
protest against that kind of tactics being ap-
plied to a political question. I protest agains t
its being applied to the Republican party. .I
protest against its being repeated hiue. No
party can long endure such tactics, ihis
Bingham amendment never can be carried
by the votes of Republican Senators, or by
the votes of Republican members in the other
House. I repeat, the Democracy in both
Chambers march up in solid column to force
this amendment upon the bill; and having
achieved their partisan triumph, they then as
unitedly vote against the bill upon its passage.
Republican Senators and Republican members
thus lake it at their hands, and walk quietly
and unresistingly into the snare laid for them
by their enemies, and adopt a measute which
the united testimony of all loyal people in
Georgia proclaims as the continuation ol' the
reign of the Kuklux Klan in that State. Sen-
ators may undertake to sneer it down; they
may affect to treat it with indifference; but the
record has been made, written with a pen of
iron, and dipped in human'blood. Like Ban-
quo's ghost, -it will not down at their bidding.
Like the spots upon the! hand, they will not be
washed out.
Mr. President, much has been said on this
question; facts and arguments have been pre-
sented ; reports of military officers have been
furnished ; and communications from the Ex-
ecutives of States have been read in our hear-
ing ; but, thus far, to what purpose k-emains
to be seen. Whether they can have their legit-
imate effect I know not. My course is plain
before me. It is to stand by the loyal, faith-
ful people of Georgia. If I err, I have the
consciousness of erring upon the right side.
We may make mistakes ; there may be errors
of judgment; but I prefer to take the testi-
mony of those whom 1 know to have been true
to the Union.
Sir, this stato of things cannot be denied.
There is a reign of terror in the South, else
concurrent history falsifies the record. The
Kuklux Klan are spreading in the South, else
the Governors of several of the States falsify
the record. The spirit of evil is spreading in
the South, else the united delegations from
those States, the Senators in this Chamber,
falsify the record. Disorder and violence are
spreading in the South, else your military au-
thorities falsify tho record. Whether all that
is told is true or not., it is chough for us to
know that there is too much of terrible reality
for this state of things to continue longer, ±
repeat it, there is a reign of disorder and vio-
lence in tho southern States. Peace and order
arc unknown in some localities. Terror seizes
upon the people, for this is a foe that you can-
not meet in opeu day. The Kuklux Klan go
abroad at night, hideously maskeii, because
their deeds are evil. The approach of night
is. to the faithful people there, the shadow of
death. To tliein the sun sets in blood, and
they fear that every setting is to be followed
to them by no rising; to them the footstep
upon the walk' is the footfall of tho assassin ;
to them the knock upon the door is the knell
of death.
How long, oh, how long, shall these things
be? Four years of war, five years of disorder,
and the end not yet. A Government, over forty
million subjects, a nation mighty among the
nations, anil yot its subjects dying, dying for
the want of its protecting care! it is a crime
against nature, it is a crime against humanity,
it is a crime against the great God of heaven !
While we delay the responsibility rests upon
us; we are consenting unto their deaths.
It will not do to thrust these things aside as
idle reports and express yonr unbelief. They
may fall unheeded upon tho ear of man, but
they go up to be hoard by the ear of Him who
holds the nations in the hollow of His hand,
and without whose notice not the least of the
sparrows falleth to the ground. There is a
sacred duty resting upon this Uuvernment to
secure pioteetiou to its faithful people ill Geor-
gia, and Congress must not cease in this work
until this groat result is accomplished. Tempt
not the wrath of Jehovah. It was amid the
throes and convulsions and uplieavings of war
that this nation was brought to realize the guilt
of its great transgression, the crime of human
slavery. So, if we fail to prolect the loyal peo-
ple of the South we may bring down upon the
nation thovengeance of Almighty power. No
duty can lie more sacred than that of a great
Government to secure the protection of law
and of justice to all its people. A nation never
appears in a nobler aspect than when it stretches
out its strong arm to shield the humblest of its
subjects from harm. There is a condition ot
things which no one can deny in the southern
States, which requires the intervention of Fed-
eral power, the prompt, decisive, determined
action of Congress. The time has come when
this nation must go forth in its majesty and in
its power through the insurrectionary districts
of the South, terrible with vengeance, generous
with mercy; striking down the guilty with one
hand, and lifting up the lowly and the innocent
with the other. It- must make its power felt;
it must inake its power dreaded by the Klan.
When it is seen and fclt^when this power is made
known, then you will have peace. Prompt,
decisive, determined action is merey to all in
the southern States. Let us delay no longer.
When the rebel armies surrendered, a loyal
nation which had patiently waited, through the
years of darkness ahd gloom, for the lifting of
the cloud, that they might see the bow of promise
beyond, which had cheerfully metevory demand
of an endangered Government, indulge ! the
enchanting belief that peace was secured and
that the nation had triumphed. The soldier,
as he came from the fields of battles fought
and victories won, wearing the wreath of glory
conferred by a grateful people, laid away his
musket with the full conviction that he had
helped to secure an unqualified, enduring peace.
Rut from the beginning of 18Ci(i to the present
time the question has been whether we were
the victors or the vanquished; whether we were
to dictate terms to those we had conquered, or
they to dictate terms to us. From that hour
to the present we have struggled with the rebel-
lion as earnestly and unmistakably, though
upon another theater, as when the war raged
in the field. The nation had been tried, sorely
tried, by those who had declared themselves to
be its public enemies. It was now to be tried,
sorely tried, by one who professed to be its
friend and whom it had nourished upon its
bosom. i will do those who composed the
confederate armies the justice to say that I
believe they surrendered generally in good
faith, and would have acccpted any conditions
whicb Congress might have imposed. But
that spirit of submission changed into bold
defiance and inveterate hate at the moment
which witnessed the betrayal of his professions
and his principles by Andrew Johnson. Then
tho spirit of rebellion revived, and the boast was
made that "we. will now accomplish through
his defection that which we failed to achieve by
arms.'1 r . .
Thus has the struggle gone on. My faitu m
an overruling Providence which weaves the
destinies of nations inspires me with the full
conviction that, through tho trials the nation
has endured, wise ends will be achieved and
republican government secured. We tendered
the constitutional amendment. That they re-
jected with contempt. I rejoice that they did.
A settlement upon that basis at that time, and
another war before the next decade hud passed
away. Those who organized the last rebellion
and survived its fall would have been restored
to power again in tb© Soufcli> and with. tho a-iu
of that party in the North which sustained them
in the late struggle with the Government would
have stricken down the fourteenth amendment
and attained supremacy in the nation, and tho
old power of slavery, dead in name,would have
reigned supreme again. But that fate was not
ill store for us, thanks be to Him who raleth
over nations as well as over tho armies of
heaven. When the counsels and foresight
of man fail in a good cause, and we grope m
darkness knowing not whither we tend, the wis-
dom of the Infinite steps in to open the way
for the triumph of the right.
The legislation of the Fortieth Congress has
passed into history, to be reviewed lit the bar
of impartial judgment of posterity. Never since
the Government was framed were duties more
momentous intrusted to any Congress. Ihe
fathers declared tho principles on which the
Government was founded. It was left to the
last and the present Congress to give vitality
to that principle which is the underlying one
