1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2283
think ive have been paying too much taxes.
Wo have been doing a little too much in the
way of raising revenue, and it is time that the
burden which has been pressing upon the coun-
try should be lightened a little. I do not at
all agree with the Secretary of the Treasury
and the President of the United States when
they say that the tariff duties and the internal
revenue should be kept up, and that we should
go on, not only paying interest on the public
debt, but reducing it likewise. I would not
reduce the public debt a solitary dollar, if I had
;t in my own power, for the next five or ten
jears. I would run the machine and pay the
interest and the pensions, and let somebody
else pay the debt. Honor does not require that
we should pay it. Good faith does not require
that we should pay it. No reason requires that
we should do it; and why, in the name of
Heaven, should we exhaust ourselves in doing
a thing which we are under no substantial obli-
gation to do? The debate has demonstrated
the fact that this question is being argued on
local interests; each section speaks up for
itself, each struggles to lighten its own burden.
The revenue must come from some source,
must exhaust some, must protect some, must
benefit some, cannot be an unmixed evil.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the question comes up
what things must we tax. Shall we tax exclu-
sively such articles as wo do not produce?
Now, there are some articles in the list that
we do not produce, never will produce, and
cannot protect. And shall we tax them alone—
sugar, tea, coffee, spices, china-ware, molasses,
&c.; articles on which we levy about $60,000,-
000 ? Shall we lay heavy duties on these arti-
cles ? These gentlemen are so patriotic and
love the poor men so much that they cry out
that it will not do to tax tea, coffee, sugar,
and salt, because these poor fellows consume
these things and such taxes do not compel the
i'ich to pay according to their means. . But, as
1 said a little while ago, there is not a suffi-
cient importation of articles used by rich men
exclusively to produce an adequate revenue,
,'itid we must, therefore, raise a revenue in part
from these common necessaries. Let us look
at our sources of revenue at present.
We raised in 1868 upon the following articles
of food and drink the following sums:
Beer, ale. and porter    $235,931
Ohoeolate and cocoa  61,330
I'ruits  2,583,916
Cigars  1,117,640
Tobacco  1,315,8-13
Coffee  10,637,845
Sugars  30,366,871
jMoiasses      4,402,624
Ten  9,414,661
•$£«} 6'309'523
Apices   1,650,445
ILtee  1,146,236
.Kisli  437,495
3uts    444, bOS
IMekles and sauces    60,362
Macaroni and vermicelli  21,546
Sago  20,237
Potatoes  47.544
Tapioca  9,91S
Salt    1,136,225
$70,425,934
Metals.
Iron, copper, &c $7,277,947
Steel  3.246,076
Lead and manufactures of  1,308,401
Tin and manufactures of  1,965,978
§13,798,401
Upon textile fabrics and wares.
Wilks, velvets, &c $10,526,052
Wool, (clothing)  '554,972
Vt'ool. (combing)  237,282
'Carpet and other  813,193
Yarns, woolen or worsted  478,485
Ujks, waste, shoddy, wool, or skin  114.357
Mirt kenware and china  1,651,060
Cloths  4,602,764
Glass  1,507,375
('■irpots  2,110,369
Miawls  506,831
Kuis and manufactures ot  500,066
Wwraen and children's dress soods 10,650,901
He.idv-madc clothing  492,867
Webbing saloons  557,963
CoUon, raw and manufactured   7,211,123
1'lnx and manufactures of  4,644,043
llcmp and manufactures of.  2,430,506
Hats and bonnets...  114,632
JP&per and manufactures of   382,729
$50,117,309
Fancy goods, clocks, watches, laces, embroid-
ery, toys, musical instruments, buttons, dia-
monds and gems, feathers, fans, pipes, plate,
ivory, jet jewelry, paintings, statuary, straw
laces and work, &c., yielded about $3,650,000.
Drugs and chemicals, licorice, opium, oils,
preparations, and medicines yielded about
§4,700,000. These are the great sources of
revenue under the present tariff, and must ever
remain so. Turn and contrive as we may, we
must at last come to these articles of use and
ornament for revenue.
The Democratic parly of Indiana do not
want the poor men to pay anything on their
tea, coffee, and sugar. What, then, must they
do? They must be ready to act side by side
with the gentleman from the salt regions of
New York, [Mr. McCarthy,] and the gentle-
men from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley, Mr.
Negley, and Mr. Cake,] and put protective
duties on manufactured articles, on articles
which we produce ourselves. I do not stand
with them. The effect of this would be to
increase the prices of these articles greatly, in
fact to double them. The bulk of these things
go into common consumption, and are not
luxuries, and so place the burdens equally per
capita on rich and poor.
It is not a fair rule to tax men by the head
instead of according to their property. It would
be the better course to go as far as possible
toward the principle that men should be taxed
according to their property. To levy no duties
on these articles at all is complained of as the
opposite evil, giving too much protection; for
then the protecting duty would have to be
added to the leading articles of home produc-
tion, which are as follows: cotton, woolen,
iron, steel, lead, leather, paper, salt, liquors,
tobaeeo, and lumber. This would give very
great protection, would Ifuild up a few manu-
facturers or producers of these articles. Their
prices would go up, and the evils to result from
monopolies be thrust upon us. Then the line
of good policy is to distribute these duties over
various articles. Sugar, tea, coffee, and salt
must pay their share; lumber its share; wool,
iron, leather, cloth, silks, liquors, and the vari-
ous articles of luxury must each bear their
share of the burden. The manufacturer can-
not get or claim the entire benefit. The poor
men cannot pay an undue share of tax on the
necessaries of life. Then a wise legislator
would not go to either extreme. This is the
true line oi' policy.
We mast have a tariff. To readjust it is all
we can do. At best this is but a temporary
adjustment. A glance at the condition of things
now shows that the advocates of the increase
of protective duties are changing their locality.
Formerly the Bast clamored for it. Now, it is
the interest much rather of the central partof
the country—the coal and iron producing
region and the newer portions of this section.
The new iron and coal fields of Ohio, Indiana,
Michigan, Illinois, and Missouri will be much
more benefited by protection than the older
States. But this field does not need any very
great protection, and fairness requires that we
should not urge it. A home market is a great
need, a great benefit. One half of our surplus
cannot be shipped, does not bear transporta-
tion, is: too heavy, too bulky. We do not make
merely wheat, corn, hogs, cattle, and horses,
but hay, roots, vegetables, garden stuff, and
other h( iavy produce. .
I stam 1 ready, then, to vote for a reduction of
tariff dut 3s so as to raise an amount sufficient
to meet our wants in paying interest on the
debt and coin dues; to place these duties, not
on any one or a few classes of articles, but so
as to equalL ze the burdens and benefits as much
as possible. Reduce the rates on the necessa-
ries of life. Reduce them also ou manufac-
tured articles. This will satisfy the poor laborer
and the rich capitalist. This will enable each
iu his proper sphere to do his duty to the coun-
try. The reduction of duties is a matter of coo!
calculation, and not of heated argument or bit-
ter denunciation. The region of declamation
and invective is not connected with this one.
The wholesale attacks upon protected interests
are wholly uncalled for, and fall dead before
the fact that they have but recently been found
to work hardships, and that now, in so far as
possible, a reasonable remedy is proposed.
The bill proposed by the committee is, like
the law, far from perfect; but discussion in a
rational way will clear the sky, and enable us
to frame a wholesome enactment. It is an
easy matter to figure up enormous exactions
in the shape of duties. But turn which way
you will, these duties must be heavy in order
to raise the requisite amount of revenueto meet
the debts incurred in suppressing rebellion.
The people are as ready to do this as they were
to take arms and go to the tented field. They
are as ready to pay taxes as they were to bear
arms, and are not now prepared to go crazy at
the terrible clamors raised over pig iron, salt,
and wool. No men pay their taxes or bear
their burdens so cheerfully as the poor men,
and he who took his musket and went off to
fight is not now going to join in the howl with
those who stayed at home over the necessary
means to be used to raise wherewithal to pay
the honest debts of the country. Such men
know the value of their Government, and
cheerfully contribute in every shape for its sup-
port. The cry for free trade is a senseless and
empty clamor raised by the enemies of the
country, and can never meet the approval of
judicious men. Direct taxation upon all per-
sonal and real property is the only alternative,
and in this shape the burden could not be borne.
If those who clamor for free trade are honest
they are short-sighted; if not honest, they have
chosen the most insidious and dangerous line
of attack upon the life of the nation.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Mr. Chairman, it was
not my purpose to say anything upon the tariff'
bill. The debate hasbeen so long and tedious
that it was my intention to abstain from speak-
ing for an explanation of my principles and
views; but the brilliant speech of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cox,] who has as
sailed the Pennsylvania delegation as a body,
and the remarks of my colleague, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] who by reason of high position in the
State might be supposed to speak authorita-
tively, have determined me to very briefly pat
on record the principles which control my
action and vote.
The gentleman from New York city, when
he so indiscriminately attacked the Represent-
atives of Pennsylvania, forgot the humiliation
which has within a fortnight past been brought
upon the Democracy of the country by the mis-_
erable quarrels at Albany over the spoils of
our commercial metropolis. lie forgot that
New York city no more represents the Democ-
racy of this country than Hamburg, Bremen,
Revel, or any of the old commercial Hanse-
atic cities did those countries upon whose edge
they were situated. New York is our chiefest
sea-port, where are collected great intelligence
and vast wealth ; but its heart does not beat
in unison with the popular heart of this land.
On the contrary, by the accumulation of vast
wealth (the necessary consequence of our pres-
ent swindling financial system interlacing banks
and tariff and internal revenue in one gigantic
cheat of labor and the masses for the capital-
ist) the prominent men of New York have
become the witting or unwitting exponents ot
that policy which would change the noble sim-
plicity of republican government into the false
glitter of miserable imperialism.
New York city, with her Tammany and her
rings her railway princes andlier bond nabobs,
has nothing in common with the sturdy integ-
