1340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
he asked me if I knew of any men who wanted their
papers. I told him I did lint at that time; and he
said, 'Look around and find out; you are living in
Middletown, and must know some; and send me
their natnc3or give them to John Bell,' which would
be the same thing, and ho would make it all right
with me and see that the men got their papers."
On page 190 of the testimony is tlie evidence
of Lewis Cuddeback, the clerk of the court,
and a Democrat, a witness called by the con-
testee. He says that while he was making
out these naturalization papers he received
slips of paper to the number of " twenty"
from the contestee, such as, " Under eighteen
years; all right; John McCloskey ; give him
h.ia papers; George W. Greene." "James
Oonnell; all right; give him his papers; G.
W. G. " "John Kelley; all right; give him
hispapers; G. W. G." " Undereighteen; Law-
rence iMahan ; give him his papers ; G. W. G."
There were twenty such slips of paper, and
when asked what they meant he said that they
meant that Mr. Greene would pay the fee for
the naturalization. I will not comment further
on this.
But the activity of the contestee did not stop
here. He appeared at a voting place. In the
testimony of David Redfield, commencing ou
page 87 is to be found this:
"A man came that I cannot remember his name
with a paper upon its face regular. I think it was
one of the ifew York papers, lie waschallenged by
lion. A. S. Murray upon the ground that he had
riot been in the country five years. Upon adminis-
tering the preliminary oath he acknowledged he had
been in the country less than fire years. His vote
was rejected. Hugh McGuire offered to vote; was
challenged. Tlio preliminary oath was administered
to hint; be swore he had never been before any court
to receive his papers, and that th-ey had been sent to
him. Ilis vote was rejected. Some one else came up
and offered to vote. Mr. Greenecame up and stated
to the board that they ' had no rightto institute this
investigation aa to the papers; that the person offer-
ing the vote should demand and take the general
oath,' and thereupon the board must reoeive the
vote."
There were two fraudulent votes offered and
rejected, the applicants breaking do wa upon the
examination under tbe preliminary oath..
Another man conacs up and offers his vote,
hi8 vote is challenged, and the contestee comes
to the rescue and tells the vote!* and the elec-
tion officers that they have no rightto pursue-
the law. The election officers take hig advice,
and from that time forth they neglect their dirty
and do not administer the preliminary oath.
Bat this work did not end here. Upon its
beingdiscovered that theeenaturalization frauds
had bees perpetrated by wholesale a movement
was made to |>reventthe registry ofsuch persons.
The registering board, composed of a majority
of Democrats, refnsed to call for the natural-
ization papers of the applicantsTor registry, or
to examine the applicants in regard to them.
Then, when an effort was made before the
election to indict the parties guilty of these
frauds, Judge Barnard appears from the city
of New York 
Mr. SCHUMAKER. That is not so.
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Judge Barnard of New
York and Judge Barnard ofPoughkeepsie are-
different persons.
Mr. STEVENSON. I beg pardon, then ;
are they brothers?
Mr. K AND ALL. They are not even brothers.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. No man ever heard
any one say a word agaiust Judge Barnard of
Poughkeepsie.
Mr. STEVENSON. If that is so, then I
will withdraw my statement. I had supposed
him to be the New York judge.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. No, sir.
Mr. STEVENSON. I intended to show
kow Judge Barnard of New York performed
naturalization; bat whoever the judge was,
he appeared there, and when the grand jury
refused to find bills against the perpetrators of
these fraudulent naturalizations they were per-
mitted, under the instructions of this judge, to
refuse to deliver the testimony to the prosecut-
ing attorney, who demanded it, and to retire
to their tdbth, dad tt> destr6? it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not feel it necessary
to dwell any longer on this point of natural-
ization papers. They were obtained unlawfully
and with fraudulent intent.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me a question right here ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the evidence dis-
close, from the beginning to the end, that
more than one man voted on the papers upon
which the gentleman has animadverted?
Mr. STEVENSON. It does.
Mr. RANDALL. Where?
Mr. STEVENSON. I will come to that.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. I do not think the gen-
tleman intends to do ityustiqe. But I under-
stood hira to say that Judge Barnard refused
to allow the grand jury to indict 
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. I so understood the
gentleman.
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir; I said the
grand jury, under the instructions of Judge
Barnard, after having refused to indict these
offenders, destroyed the notes of the testimony
so that it could not be used thereafter. I do
not say that Judge Barnard instructed them to
do so, but ke allowed thein to do so.
Mr. BURR. Did not the statute itself give
thein authority?
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir.
Mr. BURR. Read the section.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will state its sub-
stance; I have not time to read it. The gen-
tleman can hereafter cite it if I do not state
its provisions correctly. The statute required
that the notes of the testimony should either
be handed to the secretary of the grand jury or
delivered to the district attorney.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. In their discretion.
Mr. STEVENSON. Neither was done. The
testimony was destroyed. I grant you that
they had the power, but they had no moral
right to destroy it.
I now come to the question of the conduct
of the election. At three precincts especially,
the first ward of Newburg, Hamptonburg, and
Goshen, the officers refused to put the pre-
liminary oath, the only oath upon which a man
proposing to vote could be examined and his
right to vote tested. In some instances they
put it; and the fraudulent voters breaking down
on the examination they would not put it any
further. And in these three precincts the
majority of the contestee is larger than his
entire majority on the return. If these three
precincts be excluded it will not be neeessary
to go outside of them to look for illegal votes
cast anywhere else. I undertake to say that
in the history of election cases no clearer case
of illegality and fraud has been made than iB
exhibited in two of these precincts. And in
the third the case is stfong. As to Newburg
and Goshen, it is beyond question, and Hamp-
tonburg presents a strong case.
There is another point in regard to Coehecton
which has not been noticed in the report of the
committee. This case was so clear, bo strong,
that it was not neeessary to use all the material
there was in it. Why, sir, in the precinct of
Cochecton alone, where the sitting member
received a majority of 176, there was such viola-
tion of lawas would set aside the return, accord-
ing to the precedents in the House. One of the
inspectors wasnot legally appointed. A vacancy
was filled on the day of the election by an ap-
pointment made by the other two inspectors,
who had no authority to make the appoint-
ment. If gentlemen have the curiosity to look
irtto the statute, I refer them to the Revised
Statutes of New York, volume one, page 243.
In the case of Delano vs. Morgan, in this
House, it was held that where one of the judges
of the election was illegally appointed it vitia-
ted the return.
Mr. MORGAN. I will say to my colleague
that I am here to-day as an answer to the
decision of the House in that case.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman is here
probably upon a much worse election, if the
facts were looked into, than the other.
Mr. MORGAN. The difference is that at the
last election my majority was seven times as
large as before.
Mr. STEVENSON. And I have no doubt
there was seven times as much wrong.
Mr. MORGAN. That is a natural reply from
a person who advocates the commission of a
new wrong, the perpetration of another out-
rage upon the rights of the people. When I
beat Delano the first time, my district was
divided; two Democratic and two Republican
counties. But the people of my district were
outraged by the action of the Fortieth Con-
gress. They regarded that action as in viola-
tion of law, and as a fraud upon the people ;
and to-day every county in my district is Dem-
ocratic. The people have grown impatient
at the repetition of these outrages, and each
additional wrong only hastens the expulsion
of the wrong-doers from power.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am speaking of the
precedents of this body. Mr. Speaker, it is
hardly respectful to the House to denounce
its action. It is possible that if the gentleman
were sent home again he would come here with
his nominal majority increased seventy times
seven. I know that "old district."
Sir, I say, following the precedent in the case
of Delano vs. Morgan, which stood upon older
precedents and stronger cases, this precinct of
Cochecton would be rejected.
But, Mr. Speaker, we aro met here by a new
question of pleading, a question never made
in this House before, and, as I suppose, never
before made in the history of contested elec-
tions. It is said that because the contestant
in his notice, after pleading all the facts, does
not also set up the legal conclusion from the
facts, therefore he is not to have the benefit
of the law. It is sought to be maintained that
a man giving notice of a contested election
must not only state the facts but must state the
law arising from the facts. I say for the first
time in the history of contested-election cases,
after eighty years of Congresses, when forty
Congresses have performed their functions in
hundreds of contested-election cases, running
back almost to the beginning of the Govern-
ment, for the first time in any case has the
point ever been made or thought of, so far as
the record shows, that a man must plead the
law.
I suppose there may be some lawyers in the
House who will take pleasure in going back to
the old authorities. tI would refer such to Chitty
on Pleadings, volume one, page 214. 1' Plead-
ings should state facts, not mere legal conclu-
sions or presumptions." And he cites musty
old books which some men love still—Comyn's
Digest Pleader, c. 78; 2 Lord Raymond, 794,
791; 10 East, 205, and many more such ven-
erable authorities. I might cite, also, Stephens
Pleading, 346,423. '' Matter of law need not be
alleged in the pleading."
But is it not absurd in a House of lawyers,
from a committee of judges, to bring authority
to support so plain a principle? Mr. Speaker,
the specification alleged all the fact3; the
answer denied all the facts specifically as
alleged. If the facts be true, the law follows.
It is not necessary for one party to instruct
the other in the law. Indeed, if a man puts
legal conclusions into his pleadings, they will
be struck out as surplusage ; and in this case,
if this legal conclusion had been put into the
notice, it would on motion have been stricken
out.
But in respect to the views of others, I will
cite some cases in this House. I first refer to
the early case of Michael Leib, of Pennsylvania,
January 3, 1806, where the House held that—
"A petition impeaching the return of any person
as a member of the House ought to state the grounds
on which the election is contested with such certainty
as to give reasonable notice to the sitting member
and enablo the House to judge whether the facts, u
true, be sufficient."
Then follows the case of Wright to. Fuller^
