4172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. RANDALL. Is that in the bill ?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. No ; it is a pro-
vision of the general law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FINKELNBURG moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
care oe insane convicts.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2170) to provide for
the care and custody of persons convicted in
the courts of the United States who have or
may become insane while in prison; which was
read a first and second time.
The first section of the bill authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to transfer
to the Insane Asylum in the District of Colum-
bia all persons who have been'or shall be con-
victed of any offense in any court of the United
States and imprisoned in any State prison or
penitentiary of any State or Territory, and who
during the term of their imprisonment have
or shall become insane, in case satisfactory
arrangements for their custody shall not be
made by the Secretary of the Interior under
other provisions of this act.
The second section provides that in all cases
wherte any person convicted in a court of the
United States shall while in prison under such
conviction in any State prison or penitentiary
become insane, the Secretary of the Interior jj
shall have power, in his discretion, to contract
with any State insane asylum within the State
in which such convict is imprisoned for his
care and custody while remaining insane. In
all cases when any such convicts shall hereto-
fore have been or shall hereafter be transferred
to a State asylum for insane convicts, in accord-
ance with the laws of such State, the Secretary
of the Interior is authorized and directed to
compensate the said asylum, or the proper
authorities controlling the same, for the care
and custody of such insane convicts until their
removal or discharge, in such amount as he
shall deem just and reasonable.
Mr. WELKER. I want to ask my friend
from New York [Mr. Davis] why he wants to
send all these insane convicts to the asylum in
the District of Columbia.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to say to the
gentleman from New York that with the pres-
ent capacity of the insane asylum here it is
utterly impossible to receive any additional
number of patients. There are now more
patients in that asylum than it is possible to
accommodate, except by having eight beds in
a room. From the present capacity of that
building it is utterly impossible to add to the
number of occupants.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will say to the House that
this bill only gives power to the Secretary to
make arrangements, if unable to furnish ac-
commodation here, with State lunatic asylums.
There are many case3 where, for want of this
authority, no arrangement can be made.
There was no objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed it was |
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
distlilct court at ublbna, arkansas.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported back
a bill (H. R. No. 1-582) authorizing terms of the
United States district court to be held at
Helena, Arkansas, with amendments.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that in addition to the terras of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the eastern
district of Arkansas, required by existing laws
to be held at the seat of government of the
State of Arkansas, there shall be held by the
judge of said district two terms of said court
in each year at Helena, in said State, on the
second Mondays of March and September.
The second section provides that such num-
ber of jurors shall be summoned by the mar-
shal at every term of such court to be held at
Helena as may have been ordered at a previous
term or by the district judge in vacation. And
a grand jury may be summoned to attend any
such term of said court when ordered by the
court or by the judge thereof in vacation. In
case of a deficiency of jurors talesmen may be
summoned by order of the court.
The third section provides that the district
judge may adjourn any of the terms of court
provided for in this act from time to time to
suit the convenience of litigants and to meet
the necessities of the business of such terms,
and the intervention of a term of such court at
any other place shall not preclude the power
to adjourn over to a future day.
The fourth section provides that a clerk of
said court shall be appointed in like manner as
other clerks of the district courts of the United
States are appointed, who shall keep his office
in said city, and who shall be subject to all the
duties enjoined by law on clerks of the district
courts aforesaid.
The amendments of the committee were read,
as follows: '[
In section one, line seven, after the word " at" !
insert " the city of."
Add to the end of the bill the following : 1
Provided, however. That no court shall be held in 1
pursuanceof this act until an instrument in writing, \
duly executed by the proper authorities of the eounty
of Philips, agreeing to furnish suitable rooms for the ,
holding of said court for the term of ten years, with-
out any charge to the Government of the United
States, shall first be filed in the office of the clerk of ij
said court at Little Rock. ,;
The amendments of the committee were sev-
erally agreed to. • ■
Mr. ROOTS. Mr. Speaker, I will not take
the time of the House for extended remarks. :!
The briefest possible statement is sufficient :!
argument. This judicial district, the eastern ji
Arkansas, comprises an area equal in extent !i
to the combined area of New Hampshire, Ver- ;!
mont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connec-
ticut, and New Jersey; and at present there jj
is only one place of holding United States h
courts in this entire district. This bill only ji
asks for one more. Certainly no person can ll
doubt the propriety of its immediate passage. ij
Helena, the locality designated, is a thriving jj
young city, situated in one of the most thickly :i
populated communities in the district, and in Ij
a section of country endowed by the Creator ■■
of the universe with richness of soil, salubrity !
of climate, and all other surroundings to point ;
it out as a region inevitably destined to become '
as wealthy and populous as any portion of all ■
our wonderful agricultural domain. The lib- '
erality of the people has provided for furnish- !
ing the Government buildings rent free for ten !
years, and the bill is so guarded as to guaranty
the Government in this liberal offer. It is a
just measure, and a matter of much local im-
portance. I feel deep interest, in it, and trust
that it may at once pass by a unanimous vote.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
contested elections.
Mr. BEAM AN. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the reg-
ular order bri ngs on the morning hour at twenty
seven minutes past eleven o'clock, and the
House resumes the consideration of the bill (II.
R. No. 1957) regulating compensation in cases
bf contested elections, reported from the Com-
mittee of Elections by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Paine,J on which the gentleman
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BURR. As discussion is to be allowed
to the fullest extent consistently with other
business, I will yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] for the present.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I had but a
word or two toadd when interrupted the other
day to what I then said in reference to this
bill. If I could have had a, few minutes longer
I would not have troubled the House now.
I had the honor to ask the attention of the
House to the fact that the system under which
contested elections are now being conducted
is that which has existed from the foundation
of the Government. There has been no mate-
rial change in this system,while everything else
in reference to the Government and to the
tenure of office has been changed. I had said
that fact had developed itself m the increased
number of election contests in the last lew
years from the several congressional districts;
and while this was somewhat attributable to
the disturbed condition of things in the south-
ern States during the war, it by no means was
altogether attributable to that cause: that
in the northern States this increase of con-
tested elections had been very great, and that
previous to the war, as well as since the war,
the increase has been going on to such an
extent that these occupy a large portion of
the time of Congress, so that the serious atten-
tion of the Legislature is demanded to the ques-
tion, whether some remedy may be devised
consistent with the rights of the people and of
the members of Congress ; that 1 was led to
believe that in some considerable degree that
increase was attributable to the practice of com-
pensating unsuccessful candidates. In illustra-
tion of this idea I showed that in the iast twelve
years there had been paid out of the contingent,
fund of this House to men whom the House had
decided had no right to a dollar of the public
money gratuities amounting to the large sum
of S179,000 previous to the present Congtess,
and that this had increased at so rapid a rate
that about fifty thousand dollars had been added
to that amount during the present Congress,
making about two hundred and twenty live
thousand dollars paid to men whom the very
Congress whichpaidit decided not to beentitled
to a penny of it. I do not discuss the justice of
the decision, but I say that those who voted this
money held at the same time that the men who
received it were not entitled to a dollar of it.
I want to add, in this connection, that this
very Congress has gone further than any other
Congress in that line. We paid to those men
who had never prosecuted their contest at, all
two months' pay each in advance, before they
had presented their contest to the House at all.
That is to say, we paid those men go,000 in
advance, which was nothing else but a com-
pensation for their time; for their contest in-
volved no question of fact, but merely a ques-
tion of law. And the day this bill was up we
gave contestants $19,500, all the expenses of
preparing their cases having been paid by us
besides. We had paid out $o<j,QOO as the ex-
penses of preparing those cases, and then we
paid to those gentlemen $>ly,0tw besides as
compensation for their time.
Now, I submit, Mr. Speaker, that these are
facts which ought to arrest, the atU'tsnoti of the
House, and which should induce us to inquire
whether any proper remedy can be devised for
this state of tilings. These, contests follow
upon each other's heels in such snnubeis that
out, of your most able and efficient Committee
of Elections in the present Congress you an*
compelled to make live different and separate
committees of elections, involving yon in the
absurdity of having five different, courts, mak-
ing live different and independent and antag-
onistic and conflicting rulings upon the same
question of fact. It is time, Mr. Speaker, that
aomethiug should be doae, if it is possible to
