5116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
upon that ground to day—that this bill will act.
as an obstruction to naturalization, it ought
not to be passed. I would rather pass a law-
repealing what we have got on that subject
than to pass a bill obstructing naturalization.
Mr. President, it is said that this bill would
prevent fraud. There are some kinds of fraud
that it will not prevent. When it comes to the
forgery of naturalization papers it does not
prevent fraud. It is not more difficult to forgo
a naturalization paper purporting to be issued
by the circuit court of the United States than
it is to forge one issued by the court of com-
mon pleas in the city of Cincinnati or any
State court. When it comes to the question
of forgery it is just as easy to forge one form
of certificate as another. It is just as easy to
forge or counterfeit notes upon a national bank
of the United States as it is upon a State bank.
Therefore, so far as these forgeries are con-
cerned, there is to bo nothing gained. Simu-
lated papers, counterfeits, can be prepared
upon one form just as well as on another ; and
nothing is to be gained in that particular.
Mr. President, my first objection to this
measure is that it makes lllfe process of nat-
uralization a lawsuit; it makes it complicated
and costly ; and it will operate as an obstruc-
tion to naturalization. It is a sort of "how
not to do il." It constitutes a sort of circum-
locution office, it seems to me, and it will have
the effect to deter men from going through the
process of naturalization. It will be a good
thing for the lawyers'; there is no question
about that; because no man can be naturalized
under this bill without the employment of a
lawyer, and probably a pretty good one. The
process i-s so complicated, is liable to so many
difficulties and objections, that no man would
think of undertaking it without the employ-
ment of a lawyer; and in fact he cannot under-
take it without first consulting a lawyer to find
out how to do it.
That is my first objection to it. Why, sir,
this bill authorizes at one stage of the proceed-
ings any person to come in and oppose the
naturalization of a man. Therefore the appli-
cant is in danger at every step of having per-
haps some idle person or some political partisan
come in and oppose it, although there may be
no ground of opposition, to delay the proceed-
ing and make it costly to him, and thereby
induce him to give it up. That is the danger
of it. It authorizes any lawyer, whether he is
employed by anybody or not, to come in and
oppose naturalization. Any briefless lawyer
that has nothing else to do has a right to come
in and cross-examine witnesses and send for
witnesses, for the purpose of opposing the
process; and when a simple German, or Nor-
wegian, or Irishman finds that this is the case,
and that he may become involved in a costly
proceeding, he will give it up. It is too costly,
it is too mysterious, and he will prefer to aban-
don naturalization rather than to undertake
that the nature of which he does not under-
stand.
Mr. President, to show that I am right about
this 1 beg leave briefly to call the attention of
Senators to the provisions of the bill. In the
first place, it takes jurisdiction from the State
courts. Now every man can be naturalized
in his own county anywhere in the United
States, because there is a court of record in
every county. This bill gives jurisdiction
entirely to the United States courts, the circuit
and district courts, and the registers in bank-
ruptcy, and there is one of these registers in
every congressional district. I believe there
are as many registers in bankruptcy as there
are membefsin the House of Representatives ;
some two hundred and forty all told. This
would make some twelve places in the State
of Indiana where a man may be naturalized ;
but there is one congressional district in my
State where, if the register was to hold his
court in the center of it, men would have to
travel seventy-five miles in either direction ;
and I believe there are places in the State of
Missouri and the State of Kansas where they
would have to travel two or three hundred
miles. I proposed myself to remedy this dif-
ficulty in part when this bill was up last Sat-
urday by requiring these registers in bank-
ruptcy to hold a court in every county once in
each yea?. I did not do that because itwould
make the bill satisfactory to me, but to relieve
a very obvious difficulty, at the instance of a
Senator who was in favor of it.
Leaving out of view the fitness and propriety
of transferring this jurisdiction to registers in
bankruptcy, what is the first step to be taken?
" That any alien intending to apply for natural-
ization shall, at least one month before such applica-
tion, file or cause to be filed with the clerk of the
said respective courts, orwith t.hesaid commissioner
to whom such application is to bo made, a notice that
lie intends so to apply.
That perhaps will require a journey by him-
self or by his attorney. This notice is to bo
filed, lie will hardly feel like tiusting to the
mail a matter of that kind ; but. as a lawyer,
when he lias an important paper to serve, sends
a messenger, so the applicant, will feel con-
strained to go himself or to send his lawyer,
or to hire somebody else in his place to go and
serve the notice in the court or upon the regis-
ter of bankruptcy otie month in advance. What
is this notice to contain? It is to be a very
circumstantial and particular document, and
is very technical iu its character. It is-firstto
state "the time when the application is made;"
and also—
Tho name of the town or place within the ytate
or Territory, ot within tlie J,)i>tiicl of Columbia, in
which such application is itilendcd to ho ma,de; also
where the applicant luis resided for the year previous
to sucli application, liis residence at I no tune, with
tho stieot ami number (in case ho l-cudes in a place
havins? streets named a,nd house-1- numbered) and
name of the liecper ol the house iu winch he lives.
All these things might be important in a city,
bat ive can understand how wholly unimportant
theyaro throughout the great bodyof the coun-
try.
The name, ago, occupation, and nationality of tho
applicant, together with a description of the person
o± the applicant, including age, height, complexion,
color of hair, color of eyes, and any oilier distinguish-
ing fact; and the said notice shail al.-o contain the
name and district ot the commissioner, the title of
'hccourt or tiic elcrk ivith whom lie tiled or made
his declaration of intention, with the dale of the dec-
laration; or, if lie claims to have arrived in this
count,ry betbie tho affo of eighteen, then the date of
such arrival ; or, if he claims to have served in the
Army or Navy, and to have been jionorahlj dis-
charged, then the name in lull ot the regiment and
company or vessel which be l;i --t: served and irom
which lie was discharged; and the commissioner or
clerk of the court shall note upon such notice when
received the date of its l eeepliou, and shall keep the
same on file, subject to public inspection, and shall
jdve copies thereof, or allow copies to betaken when-
ever required; andno application for naturalisation
shall be heard or granted unless notice shall have
been filed with tho commissioner or clerk as afore-
said, nor in any other term or month I ban such as is
specified in such notice.
If at the time when he intends to appear he
is siok, or from any cause cannot go, then the
notice falls to the ground. He must appear
at the time specified, and if he cannot appear
at that time the notice goes for nothing, and
it must all be <lone over again.
Except that any application having been duly
made after filing notice as aforesaid, may be twice
publicly continued by the couit or commissioner,
for reasonable cause.
Ir, must bo continued " for reasonable cause,"
as formally as a law suit, all of which he re-
quires a lawyer to attend to it.
To a day certain.
It must be a day fixed in the future ; and if
he does not happen to get there at that day
the whole proceeding falls to the ground,
Publicly announced.
How publicly announced? Proclaimed at
the door of the courts, or office where this
commissioner may happen to have his head-
quarters for the time ? I do not know what
that means exactly.
Indorsed by tho commissioner or clerk oil the
notice.
It must all be indorsed on the notice, and if
these formalities should fail the whole pro-
ceeding fails.
That the said courts or commissioner in a&adica-
hc has resided four years audsix months.in the Uni-
ted States, and within the State or Territory wftcro
such application is made at Ieast on e year next prior
thereto, and shall also require thereto the testimony
of at least one other witness who knows the saiu tacts
and who is a citizen; and no proof of declaration of
intention having been made shall he received, except
the record, or a certified copy ot the record of1 sucli
declaration.
If ho has declared his intention in the city'
of New York aud applies for his final natural-
ization iu the city of Indianapolis, he-must-
send and get a transcript of the record and a
certified copy for the purpose of establishing
that fact. Now, 1 believe under the law, when
a man does declare his intention lie gets a
statement to that effect from the officer to whom
the declaration is made, and that answers the
purpose. But this requires a certified copy of
the record in the court where t.he first declar-
ation was made.
And any person shall be at liberty to produce evi-
dence or show cause adversely to said application.
Just imagine in hot political times, such as
we all understand may occur, iu any city or
town either parly cau employ some person to
attend tho court of the commissioner or the
district court of the United States, for the pur-
pose of casting obstacles iu the way of .those
who are applying for naturalization, and who
are supposed to be oil the other side,.tor the
purpose of making it costly or making it diffi-
cult. That would be done—either party per-
haps would do it; aud yet any person, having
no connection with the case, may appear really
as a defendant, mid put the applicant to aii the
costs a,ud delay he cau.
And if any person shall fil e with tho commissioner
or clerk an affidavit that he believes—
You cau always find men to file an affidavit
that they believe—
that such intended application is fraudulent, and
that ho intends to contest the same, sucli affidavit
shall be attached to tho notice of application to
which it relates; and the commissioner or clerk of
court shall make a- list of such contested eases, and,
a day or days shall be fixed lor the hearing thereof.
Just like the hearing of a chancery suit or
an important case at common Ian", or the trial-
of a mail for murder.
Giving at least two days' public notice in court
of such hearings; and no casesso contested and placed
upon t tic list as aforesaid shall be beard by the court"
or commissioner, except upon the days so fixed.
Ilere are multiplied contingencies in regard
to this granting of natnralization.
Kxoopt that upon such days the hearing of any
or all eases may be publicly postponed to a day or
days certain for reasonable eause.
What is "reasonable cause" is to be judged
upon the face of'the affidavit.
TheUearinss of allcases, contested or uncontested,
shall be public and in open court, by and botore the
judges and commissioners tbereot. Each case shall
be heard and decided separately by the court or com-
missioner; no affidavits shall be admitted.
The law provides for no depositions, and
"no affidavits shall be admitted." If a man
entitled to naturalization is iu thecityof Wash-
ington, and the witnesses by whom he can prove'
the necessary facts live in the city of Indian-
apolis, in the State of Indiana, he must go to
the expense of bringing those witnesses here,
or he must do without his naturalization. The
law ought to provide that a man should be
able to take the deposition of any witness to
enable him to obtain his naturalization, just
as he is able, in the case of a chancery suit or
a common law suit, to take the deposition of
an absent witness to prove his case. The party
that came with him from his own native place,
in Europe, that came over on the ship with
him, that knows when he got to this country,'
por'haps the only party who cau prove it, ia
in the State of Minnesota, or it may be in the
State of California; he caunot afford to pay
that man's expenses here, and affidavits are
not received, so that be must go without his
naturalization.
