3228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
The committee divided; and there ware—
ayes 20, noes 83.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On steel wire not less than No. 1?> wire (tango, 5
cents per pound; finer than No. 18 wire gauge, 6
cents per pound: froitided. That wire ior piano and
other inusiotil instrument,strings, audsteel wireeov-
eredwith silk, cotton, oroihcrtcxtileixiaterial,shall
pay 25 per cent, additional.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Mean3 in line four
liuudred and thirty-nine, after the words "on
steel wire," to insert "whether rolled or
drawu."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK, In line four hundred and
forty-one i move, after the word "that," to
iusert "steel."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. In line four hundred and
forty-three, after the word "pay," insert "in
addition."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. In line four hundred and
forty four strike out "additional" and insert
"ad valorem.'"
The amendment was agreed to.
As amended, the paragraph then read:
On steel wire, whether rolled or drawn, not less
than No. 13 wire gaug<\5 cents per pound; finer than
No. 13 wire gauge, 6 oents per pound: Provided,
That 8 tee I wire i'or piano and other rauaio&l in«t ru-
men t strings, and steel wirecovered with silk, cotton,
or other textile material, shall pay, in addition,
25 per eent. ad valorem,
Mr. ALLISON. In line four hundred and
thirty-nine I move to insert "less than one
third of an inch in diameter;" in line four
hundred and forty strike out "5" and insert
"2J," and afterthe word " pound" insertand.
in additiou thereto, 20 per cent, ad valorem,;"
in line four hundred and forty one strike out
"6" and insert "3," and after the word
"pound" insert "and, in addition thereto, 20
per cent, ad valorem.'■
Mr. HOAR. I have an amendment which
comes in before that.
Mr. ALLISON. I will withdraw my amend-
ment for the present.
Mr. HOAR. In line four hundred and thirty-
nine, after the word "wire," 1 move to insert
the words " and wire of which steel shall be a
component part;" in line four hundred and
forty-four, at the end of the line, add the follow- :
ing:
Provided further, That all steel in coils not more
than three sixteenths of an inch diameter or square,
coated with zinc or other metal, and not so coated,
shall pay the same duty as steel wire. j
Mr. Chairman, the gentlemen will remem-
ber that when the matter of iron wire was
under discussion the question arose on the part
ofthegentlemanfromNew Jersey [Mr. Cleve-
land] and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Burchabd] as to the correct description of
wire, it having been ascertained that recently
a new process had been invented. By agree-
ment on the part of the Committee of Ways j
and Means a phraseology was adopted cor-
rectly describing this process; that is, providing [
all rolled iron of less than a certain size should j
be known as wire. I desire to move the same !
amendment in regard to steel. I desire the ;
question taken on both amendments at once.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 31, noes 37; no quorum voting.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not understand there j
is any objection to the first amendment of the I
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOAR. I withdraw the amendment,
and offer the first branch of it, so as to be first
voted on.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The present
duty on steel wire 13 2J cents per pound and
20 per cent, ad valorem,. The proposition of
the committee is to make it 5 cents per pound,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. |
Hoar.] proposes to insert a new thing uuder |
that classification. I think the duty on this I
steel wire is high enough now. Everybody
ought to be satisfied with it; but I object for
the present to the gentleman introducing anew
thing here. I shall object to the doubling of
the rate by and by.
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers, Mr. Kel-
set, and Mr. Brooks of New York, will please
take their places.
| The committee divided; and the tellers re-
j ported—ayes 90, noes 35.
1 So Mr. Hoar's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I now move the amend-
ment which a short time ago I stated I should,
offer.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line four hundred and thirty-nine, a? amended,
after the word " value" insert" loss than one quar-
ter of an inch diameter, andand inline four hun-
dred and forty-four strike out "5" and insert "2K"
; and after the word "pound" insert "in addition
thereto, 20 per cent, aa valoremin lino four hun-
dred and forty-one strike ont "6" and insert "3,"
and after the word "pound" insert tho words " in
addition thereto, 20 per cent. Ad valorem.
Mr. ALLISON. I offer this amendment for
the purpose of making this paragraph conform
, as nearly as may bo to the existing law, the
exception being that the committee have sub-'
stituted No. 13 wire gauge for No. 16 wire
gauge, so that even if my amendment were
adopted all steel wire between No. 13 and No.
16 would pay a higher rate of duty. I have
not changed the wire gauge numbers as pro-
posed in the bill. Now, 1 do not understand
that it is proposed generally to make an increase
of the rates of duty upon steel wire.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask if I am correct in understanding his
amendment to be that instead of 5 cents per
pound he substitutes 2} cents and 20 per cent,-
ad valorem, and instead of 0 cents per. pound
3 cents and 20 per cent, ad valorem, ?.
Mr. ALLISON, Yes; I desire to make the ;
' paragraph conform exactly to the existing law 1
! with reference to this steel wire, except that I
substitute the proposal of the committee with
I reference to the wire gauge, leaving it No. 13 |
1 instead of No. 16, as it is now in the existing '
law. Tha proposition of the Committee of
Ways and Means increases the rate ,of duty
[ upon this class of steel wire by substituting a
specific duty of 5 cents, per pound where a
specific duty of 2J cents per pound and an ad
\ valorem of 20 per cent, now exists,
i Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Canthegen"
tleman state what percentage of increase that '
will be? . I
Mr. ALLISON. I cannot just now state
what the exact increase will be, but it will be j
a very large percentage.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It will.bean*
increase of 100 per cent. ;
Mr. ALLISON. I am aware that it i p large j
increase. We have already reduced somewhat :
the duty on the steel from which this wire is,
made, and the importations of steel wire uuder
the existing rate of duty are very small indeed i
therefore there can be no possible reason for J
increasing this rate of duty upon st«el wire. I
desire to have a vote-on my amendment. c
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise in order to Aseer- ;
tain if I correctly understand the gentleman's ,
amendment. If I do, I think it is a proper I
one. I understand that it is to make the 86c- !
tion read as it does, except substituting for 5
cents, 2£ cents and 20'per cent,, ad valorem.
and for 6 cents, 3 cents and 20 per cent, ad ;
valorem. I think that is better than what is j
proposed in the bill for this reason, that thefe>
is a great difference in price between thediffer^ i
ent qualities of wire; and as the duty in the j
form proposed by the gentleman from Iowa
will be something like a correct relative rate !
of duty on the different grades, I shall support !
the amendment. i
Mr. ALLISON. Then I presume there will j
be no objection to the amendment. j
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend- !
ment is exhausted. I
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend by striking i
out tho last word. The increased rate of duty
proposed by the committee, as I understand,
only corresponds to the increase in the rates
of duty on the kind of steel which the manu-
facturer is obliged to purchase for his wire.
That is, it is made to correspond as nearly as
possible. And I think the question whether
the duty should be reduced, as proposed bv
the gentleman from Iowa, should depend cm
what rate of duty is left by the committee on
steel.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will say a word or two. The com-
mittee seem to have had two objects in view in
reporting as they have done upon wire—the
first the conversion of an ad valorem, into a
specific duty; and the second a proper adjust-
ment of the rates of duty. By reference to
the Treasury report of the importations of
j 1868, the last we iiava, it appears that the rate
! of duty at 2J- cents a pound and 20 per cent.
1 ad valorem on wire less than 16 wire gauge
averaged about 84$ per cent., and upon the
finer wire but about 27| per cent.; so that
looking to the increased amount of labor in
volved in the manufacture of wire, an article
drawn cold and frequently annealed, losing
a part of its substance at each annealing, and
the desirableness of getting rid of the ad
valorem, the committee fixed the rates as they
are proposed in the bill. Rolled steel is that
outof which the wire isoften drawn, and there-
fore it is proper to embrace it iu this para-
graph, as has been- done, but it is uot really
wire. It is treated as wire because it could
be imported as rolled steel under other grades
of duty if it were not put here. These are
the reasons that influenced the committee,
and I think they are sufficient to control the
Committee of the Whole.
The question was taken on Mr. Allison's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I moVe to
| strike'out the proviso as follows:
Provided, That wire for piano and other musical
instrument strings, and steel wire covered with silk,
cotton, or other textile material, shall pay 25 per
cent, additional.
There is a celebrated line of poetry that has
attracted much attention, and it is—
"Woodman, spare that tree."
I beg one side of this House to have respect
to the piano and the strings of the piano, and
of the harp—ay, even of the banjo, for some-
times they may be of wire. I beg the commit*
tee at least to spare the pianos and the piano
wires. I have appealed in vain in behalf of
the ladies of the country for their hair-pins,
and it was of no use. I have appealed in be-
half of their corsets, and the House was equally
deaf to that appeal. In the name of the muses,'
iu behalf of the piano, which graces almost
every home in the country, I respectfully beg
the attention of this steel majority—I mean to
spell the word as in the bill, [laughter]—I
respectfully beg their, attention to this new tax
of 2-5 per cent, ad valorem upon the wire which
goes iuto pianos, in addition to the existing
duty. I hope those who have been deaf to all
other appeals will at least not be deaf to music,
and will not deserve the stigmatizing line of the
poet who speaks of those who have no music
in their Bonis.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr.- Chairman, my friend
from New York seems to have been singularly
touched by our action on the subject of cor-
sets. He comes batik to that " mutton " every
day or two, or orice or twice every day, and I
suppose, having made that point upon us, he
has noW accomplished the object of his amend-
ment, and I shall not waste any time in show-
ing that this class of products is more expens-
ive and involves a great deal more labor than
ordinary wire. I rose, however, for the pur-
pose of moving a verbal amendment to the
proviso before the vote is taken on striking it
ont. Instead of the rather awkward phrase-
ology found in the bill, "wire for piano and
other musical instrument strings," I move to
