326
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2G,
Ho. of. Reps.
The Tariff.—Mr. Hay.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
of a republican Government, the equality of all
in the presence of law. The work in which we
are engaged is not for the present only but for
all time. The fruits of this legislation will
reach on through the ages.
Our task will be ended, our mission will be
fulfilled, only when every citizen of every State,
of every hamlet within our wide borders, be
he poor or rich, be he numble or exalted, be
he white or black, and of every religion, and
of every nationality, and of every shade of
opinion, and of every color of doctrine, shall
be in the full and equal possession and enjoy-
ment of every blessing which a beneficent
Government can bestow. Then we may wit-
ness the ushering in of the reign of universal
justice, of universal liberty, and of universal
law. These shall be the crowning glories of
ihe nation. Then shall every citizen, wher'ever
ho may dwell between the oceans, feel and
know that he is, in deed and in truth, a child
of the great Republic. Then may all exult-
i ugly exclaim, "This is my country; this is
my nation I"
The Tariff.
SPEECH OP HON. JOHN B. HAY,
of illinois,
Is tiif. House of Representatives,
March 20, 1870.
The Houso being in Committee of tho "VVholo on
tho state of the Union, and having unrU'i- considera-
tion the bill (I!. R. No. 10GS) to amend existing laws
relating to the duty on imports, and fop other pur-
poses-
Mr, HAY said:
Mr. Chairman' : .Am I shall need all my time,
I must, without intending to he discourteous to
any member on this floor, refuse to yield to any
interruption. Sir, the importance of this dis-
cussion cannot well be overrated. The peoplo
of this country never were more earnestly de-
cided and united on anything than they are on
the proposition that there should be a very
material reduction of taxation. From all sec-
tions earnest appeals come to us for relief from
the burdens of taxation. Are these appeals to
be unheeded? Are they to be only echoed
back and nothing done? For my part 1 feel
it to bo my duty to do all in my power to assist
in carrying through such legislation as will
secure this great end. It seems to me that
then! are many cogent reasons why there should
be a very considerable reduction of ourpresent
taxation.
The long and exhausting struggle through
which we have gone, unexampled in history
for its cost, of blood and treasure and the great
numbers of men taken from productive life, has
loft, the country in an impoverished condition,
and it will certainly be many years before the
country will have wholly recovered from this
impoverishment. The people, therefore, should
have^rest. As the reconstruction of the south-
ern States is about completed, wc may hope to
soon see the deranged and shattered industries
of that once rich and productive section of the
country restored to such a condition as will
enable the people there to contribute their full
part toward paying the national debt; a re-
sult for which we can afford to patiently wait.
Our standing Army is now larger and costs
more than it probably will for a long time to
come. We are now paying annually $35,000,000
on a long and still increasing pension-roll—a
sacred obligation which no one should object
to; but. we should remember that it is a burden
which future generations will not have to bear.
And we are now paying annually §30,000,000
or .$40,000,000 more interest on our national
debt than we will have to pay when we shall have
succeeded in funding it at a lower rate of inter-
est. Even if au acceptable funding bil} should
be reported and enacted into law at the present
session of Congress it would take two or three
years to negotiate a new loan of such magni-
tude. It can hardly be doubted, when we con-
sider the vast and varied resources of the coun-
try, and the streams ofimmigration pouring into
it from all portions of the world, that in the
course of twenty-five or thirty years this coun-
try will have nearly doubled the wealth and
population it now has. There is one thing we
should not forget, that of the expenditures of the
General Government from the commencement
of the war up to June, 1868, amounting to the
sum, in round numbers, of $8,000,000,000, we
have already paid $0,000,000,000.
And, sir, in addition to all this, if the pres-
ent high protective tariff system is to be con-
tinued for any length of time, then there surely
ought to be no doubt in the mind of any rea-
soning man about the necessity and importance
of reducing our taxes. Henry Clay said more
than thirty years ago that nine years of pro-
tection would safely conduct and nurture into
strength our infant manufacturing interests bo
that we would be able to compeVe with foreign
producers. Daniel Webster thought two years
of protection would be sufficient to accomplish
the same result. But the most able and earnest
advocates of a high protective tariff now refuse
to tell us how long this policy will have to be con-
tinued. If this generation has to pay millions
of dollars annually in enhanced prices for the
necessaries of life, then, in the name of justice
and reason, let the people be relieved from the
payment of every farthing of taxation not im-
peratively demanded by the necessities of the
Government. It is estimated by the Secretary
of the Treasury that for the fiscal year 1870-71
there will be a surplus of $102,000,000. Now,
sir, a3 posterity should bear some of the bur-
dens of the debt contracted to preserve the life
of the nation, it is unjust and unreasonable to
impose the whole of them upon the present
generation. I am therefore in favor of the
reduction of taxation, both of tariff and inter-
nal taxes, to the lowest amount consistent with
raising revenue sufficient to meet the expenses
of the Government, to discharge the interest
of the national debt, and to maintain the na-
tional credit. And, sir, this reduction should
reach at least $80,000,000; and $40,000,000
of this reduction, I hold, should bo applied to
the reduction of tariff taxation.
Having said so much in favor of a large
reduction of ourpresent taxation, I will direct
my attention to our present tariff and the bill
now before the House. There appears to be
some very good and well-meaning people in
this country who seem seriously to apprehend
that there is a party engaged iu opposing our
present tariff system with a view of abolish-
ing all tariffs, blowing up our custom-houses,
and of resorting to direct taxation in order
to raise the needed revenue for the support
of the Goycrnment,. Now, so long as the
provision of the Constitution of the United
States requiring direct taxation levied by the
General Government to be assessed accord-
ing to the number of the population of any
State, and not according to the value of the
property therein, shall remain unchanged there
will be but a very small number of persons
in favor of direct taxation. Such a system
would be so obviously inequitable that the
people would never submit to it. As we shall
for a time have to raise about $140,000,000
every year from import duties, it seems to me
very absurd for any one to be thinking and
speaking about absolute free trade.
In the short hour allowed for debate I shall
not attempt to discuss the abstract theories of
free traders and protectionists. I will, how-
ever, ia passing, say that I am for freer trade
than is possible under the present tariff, and I
am opposed to the present high protective
tariff system which, io the interest of a few
producers, is intended to create an artificial
scarcity in the markets of this country of their
products, so that they may charge artificial
high prices for them. Now, I hold that the
primary and cardinal consideration in framing
a tariff should be to raise revenue; and I am,
therefore, for a revenue tariff, believing that
such a tariff, with duties properly and judi-
ciously adjusted, must necessarily afford all the
advantage to which any interest is entitled.
I wish now to say a few words in regard to
the growth and history of the present tariff.
The honorable gentleman from Iowa of the
Committee of Ways and Means has shown
that in 1861 a tariff in the interest of protec-
tion, with duties much higher than the tariffs
of 1840 and 1857, was enacted, called the Mor-
rill tariff. This tariff was changed twice dur-
ing the year 1861, but remained substantially
the same until July, 1862, when a thorough
revision of the tariff was increased, solely with
a view to compensate for the internal revenue
tax. Mr. Shellabarger, then a member from
Ohio, inquired of Mr. Morrill if there was
any increase of duty over and above the tariff
of 18C1 excepting the compensating duty made
necessary by the internal tax? He replied,
"There was no increase except for that pur-
pose, or for tho purpose of revenue upon arti-
cles not manufactured in this country." The
tax bill enacted then imposed a tax of 3 per
cent, on all domestic manufactured articles,
and a specific tax on such articles as iron, steel,
salt, &c., which amounted to about the same.
In 1804 this tax was raised to 6 per cent, on
all domestic manufactures, for the purpose of
increasing the revenue to meet the pressing
exigencies of the Government at that time.
At this same session another tariff bill was
reported by Mr. Morrill, increasing the duties
upon all imported articles, and he gave as a
reason for this large increase that under the
internal tax law passed at the same session
every manufactured article in this country had
been heavily taxed, and that the people had
been subjected_ to other revenue taxation. At
the close of his speech in support of this last
tariff Mr. Morrill said:
"This is intended as a war measure; a temporary
measure, and we must give it our support as such."
Aud he again speaks of it as—
. "A war measure imposed by tho necessities of tlio
Government, tho scarcity ol'laborers, and the enorm-
ous direct taxation."
In regard to iron Mr. Morrill said :
" In adjusting tho tariff on iron tho principle has
been to givo au increase upon the tanif of 1861 equal
to tho internal duties. Insome special descriptions
tho figures go slightly beyond this point, as m the
case of thin hoop and band iron, and also in very
small or very large sizes of iron."
The internal revenue tax upon manufactured
articles was again increased in 1865, making it
amount to 0 per cent. The total of this in-
ternal revenue tax for the fiscal year 1865-66
amounted to the enormous sum of $310,000,000,
and upon manufactured articles alone to over
$128,000,000. Sir, these taxes have all been
swept away excepting the taxes upon incomes,
distilled spirits, tobaoeo stamps, and a few
other things; yet this tariff of 1864 is still sub-
stantiallycontinued. Atariff, as its author then
said, was "'fit to be introduced only because
of the imperious necessities of our present
condition,'
a war measure," "a temporary
measure." To illustrate how heavy these inter-
nal taxes were, take iron for an example. Mr.
Morrell, of Pennsylvania, said that he paid
$16 23 internal taxes per ton upon the iron
produced by him at the Cambria Iron-Works,
and the returns in the Treasury Department
show that in the year 1866, the last year of
these taxes, the iron interest paid the sum of
$12,000,000; nearly as much as the whole rev-
enue collected by the Government for the year
1869 from duties on iron.
Mr. Chairman, standing here, as I do, th§
