1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
No. 303) in relation to the rights of members
of Congress ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 804) granting to the New Orleans, Mobile,
and Chattanooga Railroad Company the right
■of way through the public lands of the United
States, and for other purposes ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands,• and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 305) giving the consent of the United States
to the erection of a bridge across the Willa-
mette river, in Oregon, from the city of Port-
land to the east bank of said river ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
BOUNTIES TO COLORED SOLDIERS
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a resolution of in-
quiry, upon which I ask immediate action :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to consider if l;.ny further legislation i-s
needed in order to secure for all colorodcitizonswho
have served in the Army of the United States com-
plete equality with white citizens iu tho enjoyment
of military bounties.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 see that my colleague,
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, is now in his seat. I had proposed to
ask his particular attention to this resolution.
I understand that there is a statute of 18G1 by
which former slaves who served in the Army
of the United States are excluded from the
enjoyment of military bounties. It seems to
me that that is inequitable, and that wo ought
at this time to give equal rights to all who have
served under our llag, and that is what 1 now
ask the Committee on Military Affairs to see to
the accomplishment of.
The resolution was adopted.
RECIPROCAL TRATMO WfTIt CANAIU.
Mr. THURMAN. I offer the following reso-
lution; and if there be no objection I ask for its
present consideration:
Resolved, That the Prosident bo requested to
inform the Senate whether since tho last session ol
Congress any negotiations hnvo taken place or been
proposed between this Uovornmont and tho Govern-
ment of Great Britain and Ireland iu respect to a
reciprocity ticaty or reciprocity laws on Ihe subject
of trade and commerce betwocn tho United St.-ites
and tho Dominion of Canada, and that, if consistent
with tho public sorvico, ho communicate to the Kcn-
ato any correspondence thut .may have taken placo
sinco the last session of Congress on that suhjoct
between the Executive and the Government of Great
Britain and Ireland, or that of the Dominion of
Canada.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to the
Senator from Ohio that he insert in the reso-
lution the customary words submitting it to
the discretion of the President. Let words be
inserted declaring that the President shall send
that information if in his opinion not incom-
patible with the public interest.
Mr. THURMAN. Those words are in the
resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. They are in the resolu-
tion, but they arc not in the resolution at its
beginning. They are in that, part of tho reso-
lution which calls for a detailed statement of
the correspondence.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
the insertion of such a phrase in the resolu-
tion. I supposed there could be no objection
whatsoever to a statement by the President
as to whether there have been negotiations,
and to communicating any correspondence
that may have taken place. That is made
subject to his opinion. But if Senators think
t}ie limitation had better be put in so as to
embrace the whole resolution, I have not the
least objection in the world.
Mr. SUMNER. I will simply submit to
the Senator that the usage of the Senate from
time immemorial has been, in its calls on the
President in reference to foreign relations, to
submit them always to his discretion, it being
assumed that possibly it may not be proper to
make a communication on such subjects.
Mr. THURMAN. I will modify the resolu-
tion, then, so as to make it conform to that
usage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution will be so modified.
The resolution, as modified, was adapted.
CONDITION OP CUBA.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of tho United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if in his
opinion not incompatible with Ihe public interest,
any information ho may liavo in his possession in
regard to tho progress ot tho revolution in Cuba and
tho political and civil condition of that island.
l'.vrKKS withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That Jonas P. Levy have, leave to with-
draw the papers relating to his claim against the
republic of Jloxico from the files of the Sonate.
UOUHB OF LAliOn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
give notice that 1 will on Friday call up House
joint resolution No. 72, in relation to regulat-
ing the hours of labor of Government laborers,
workmen, and mechanics. It will be remem-
bered that during tho last Congress wo passed
a law in relation to the regulation of the hours
of labor, not touching the compensation. Tho
Attorney General gave an opinion upon that
law, but the Departments aro executing it con-
trary to the opinion of the Attorney General.
1 believe that the law itself is not satisfactory
to Ihe workmen; at all events, it is working no
profit lo them, and it is demoralizing every
governmental institution we have which em-
ploys any laborers or workmen. It was not dis-
cussed in the House of Representatives at all,
and very little discussed here. I propose to
contribute my share lo a proper discussion of
tho question, and will take either Friday or
some oilier early day which will better suit the
convenience of tho Senate to doit.
CHEROKEE LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. ROSS. Mf. President, on the 2Gth of
March last a joint resolution was passed through
Congress providing for the sale of certain lands
known as tho " Cherokee strip." Soon after
its passage it was found that there was a ques-
tion of proprietorship between the Cherokee
Indians and the United States, and the con-
sideration of that question induced the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] to move to
reconsider the action of the Senate. I now
move to refer tho joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas desire to call up a motion to
reconsider the vote on the passage of a bill?
Mr. ROSS. There was a motion to recon-
sider. 1 ask the present consideration of the
motion with a view to refer the joint resolution.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kansas that by the
usageof the Senate it is not customary during
the morning hour to call up motions to recon-
sider that may give rise to debate.
Mr. ROSS. 1 ask this simply for the purpose
of referring the joint resolution to a committee.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the vote on the passage of the joint resolution
(S. R. No. G) to enable actual settlers on cer-
tain lands within the State of Kansas known
as the "Cherokee strip" to purchase said
lands be reconsidered, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs. If there
be no objection it will be so ordered. The
Chair hears none.
BKITISII NORTHWEST TERRITORY.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a resolution on
the table which I should like to call up at this
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no
further resolutions to be offered the Chair will
call up the resolutions now on the table.' The
first one is that offered by the Senator from
Minnesota [Mr.- Ramsey] the day before yes-
terday, and which was laid over under the rule.
The Secretary will report the resolution.
The Secretary read as follows : ' '
Resolved, That the President of tho United States
is hereby requested, if in his judgment consistent
with the public interests, to communicate to the Sen-
ate such information as may be in the possession ot
the Government relating to the prescnco of lion.
William MaoDougall at Pembina, in Dakota fen i-
tory, and the opposition by tho inhabitants of Sol;
lcirk settlement to his assumption of tho office of
Governor of tho northwest territory, lately said to
be transferred by the Hudson Bay Company to tho
Dominion of' Canada.
Mr. HOWARD. That is a mere resolution
of inquiry, and as such there is, perhaps, no
impropriety in the Senate- adopting it; but I
apprehend it will lead to no very important
result, for I do not suppose the President has
in his possession any information that can be
called reliable or official in regard to the so-
called insurrection in the Red river country.
I do not think that it is worth our while to
make any particular inquiry about that trans-
action at present. I do not see that the inter-
ests of the United States are in any way in-
volved in it. It appears, so far as I understand
it, to bo a mere local disturbance in one of the
remote possessions pertaining to the Dominion
of Canada, with which we ought to interfere or
intermeddle as little as possible, in my judg-
ment. I hardly think it is worth while to
make the inquiry for these reasons.
As to the gentleman named, Mr. MacDon-
gall, there is 1 believe a misapprehension gen-
erally prevailing in regard to the capacity in
which he attempted to enter the country. Mr.
MacDougall, I am very credibly informed, has
received no appointment whatever from the
Governorofthe Dominionto exercise authority
in the Red river country. He has gone there,
as I am credibly informed—I might say au-
thentically informed—merely as a private indi-
vidual on the assurance of the Governor of Ihe
Dominion that at some future time and on some
proper occasion he should be appointed gov-
ernor of that portion of British America com-
monly known astheRed river country, which,
by tho way, in extent is equal to about one
third part of the whole United States of Amer-
ica, and in many respects, as my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] suggests, a very
fine and a very valuable country. There is no
donbt about the fact that the great mass of the
settlers of the Red river country on the north-
ern border of Minnesota are greatly dissatisfied
with some arrangements which have recently
been made by which the Hudson Bay Company
have sold out their interests for $1,500,000.
There is discontent of a serious kind, a3 I
suppose, existing in that somewhat famous
settlement—discontent, as I am informed, con-
fined chiefly to the half-breeds, and including,
perhaps, some persons of Scotch and Irish
descent, and possibly some of English descent
also. If I understand the matter properly,
one great object in view by the settlers in that
region of country, who number now, as I sup-
pose, between fifteen and twenty thousand, is
a local government of their own, a sort of
provincial government, which will look to the
special and local interests of the settlers.
They are unwilling to have the business of
legislating lor them referred exclusively to the
Legislature of the Dominion. Theyareseek-
ing autonomy, self-government—a piinciple
which is very near and-dear to the American
people ; and their ultimate object, as I am also
credibly informed, is to obtain a recognition
of their provincial government which they
propose to establish, at the hands of the gov-
ernment of the Dominion. If this shall be
done upon proper terms I apprehend there
will be no longer any discontent or any tur-
bulence or trouble in the Red river country.
But all these matters, Mr. President, are of
