1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1341
Thirty-Second Congress, first session. (Con-
tested-Election Cases, p. 154, 155.) Conduct
of officers inquired into under a notice leas
specific than this. Now for cases where returns
have been thrown out without allegations of
law. Contested-Election Cases, 1834-1865.
Newhand vs. Graham, page 5, Twenty-Fourth
Congress, February 24, 183G; the seat was
vacated. In the case of Howard vs. Cooper,
{id., p. 274,) from Michigan, March 15, 1860,
the report was adopted (p. 288) in a non-
partisan House. Daily vs. Estabrook, (id.,
p. 299,) from Nebraska, Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, April 20, 1860; the report was adopted
without division, (p. 308.) Blair vs. Bar-
rett, (id., p. 308-313,) from Missouri, Thirty-
Sixth Congress, 1860 ; the House adopted the
report, (p. 328.) Chrisman vs. Anderson, (id.,
p. 328,) from Kentucky, Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, 1860; the House adopted the report,
(p. 841.) Knox vs. Blair, (id., p. 521,) from
Missouri, Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1864; the
report was sustained by the House, (p. 555.)
There was no precedent to the contrary until
the case of Washburn vs. Voorhees, from Indi-
ana, Thirty-Ninth Congress, first session, 1866.
The specifications in that case conclude in
these words: '' Wherefore the election at said
precinct was wholly void." Next came the
case of Delano vs. Morgan, from Ohio, Fortieth
Congress, first session, 1867, where the same
form was followed. But in neither case was
it noticed on either side as of the least im-
portance.
How does it come to the attention of the
House? Mr. Speaker, I regret to be compelled
to say auyth'ng about the proceedings in the
Committee of Elections; but my colleague on
the committee [Mr. Buee] has undertaken to
make a statement of them, and in so doing
has, in my judgment, unintentionally trans-
gressed the rules of the House. The rules of
the House, as shown on page 62, provide that
the proceedings of a committee shall not be
published and shall not be mentioned on the
floor. It is true we in the committee first
voted that nothing should be revealed outside
of the committee-room. We then voted that
anything might be revealed outside of the
committee-room. That was in our discretion;
but the question of order depends on the rules
of the House and not upon the rules of the
committee. A statement having been made,
with the indulgence of the House, I also wish
to make a statement; but if there be objection
I shall not proceed.
The truth about the matter is this. The case
was made up and ready for trial. The notice
and the answer had been duly served. Testi-
mony had been taken on each side on these
issues. Last spring the sitting member asked
further time to take more testimony, and it
was granted him. On the 10th of December
the case was assigned by the committee to
Judge Botler. Briefs were filed December
10 and 14. In the brief of the contestant it
was claimed that the returns of these pre-
cincts should be thrown out. In the brief of
the contestee it was claimed that they ought
not to be rejected, the contestee suggesting
no objection of want of notice to him. The
preliminary report came in December 20; it
rejected the polls of these three precincts. The
majority of the committee voted to throw them
all out, only one member upon the majority
side objecting, and he objecting only to Hamp-
tonburg. Then it was that for the first time in
the history of contested-election cases a gentle-
man of rare acuteness, but who, unfortunately
for the legal profession, did not receive a legal
education, raised this point, that although the
law had been violated, although fraud had been
committed, although these returns were void,
yet they ought not to be rejected, because the
notice did not plead a conclusion of law arising
from the facts alleged. The objection was
worthy of a gentleman having all the acute-
ness without the learning of a ''Philadelphia
•Lawyer.''
Mr. RANDALL. I have rather the advan-
tage of you in that respect. You have neither
the acuteness nor the learning.
Mr. STEVENSON. Notfora "Philadelphia
Lawyer." I do not pretend to that. It is said
that in the practice of the law the most difficult
men to meet are those who know how to make
all points, but do not know when they make a
bad one. This bad point prevailed with a
majority of the committee, and I think the
fact that it did prevail indicates more tender-
ness of heart than soundness of judgment.
But when this report is brought to the House,
leaving it to the House to say whether these
precincts should be thrown out, I say they
should by all means be rejected, so that it may
go upon the record that this House does not
countenance or approve such frauds. It should
go upon the record that we will not counte-
nance law-breaking, or permit it to triumph
in this House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am brought to con-
sider the result. Excluding the illegal votes
alone, if we do not reject these three pre-
cincts, will change the result. By a careful
investigation your committee came to the con-
clusion that 496 illegal votes had been cast in
the district for the contestee. The contestee's
majority, as returned, was 323. This leaves a
majority of 173 for the contestant. But we
find that 34 illegal votes were cast for the con-
testant, which, deducted from 173, leaves a
clear majority of 139 for the contestant.
If the returns from the first ward of New-
burg, Goshen, and Hamptonburg be rejected,
then the majority for the contestant will be
684. If we reject Newburg and Goshen, and
retain Hamptonburg, which one member of the
majority of the committee considers doubtful,
the majority for the contestant is 582. If we
reject Cochecton, which ought to be rejected,
and the first ward of Newburg and the first
district of Goshen, the majority for the con-
testant is 758; so that taken in any way there
is a majority for the contestant.
In closing, I have but one word to say further,
and that is with a view to remove some impres-
sions which have been made by the very able
and adroit minority report. It seeks to throw
blame upon the contestant because some of
his friends in the district grew restive, and
undertook to play the game of their opponents.
There is no evidence to show that this was
carried to any considerable extent, although
there is testimony that Republicans endeavored
put a little grist through the naturalization mills.
There is testimony that some Republicans
tried to buy Democrats to work for the Repub-
lican ticket on the day of the election, and
perhaps there is proof that somebody was
bought for that purpose. But do you think
that any district can be found where these
things are not done? I do not justify them ;
They are all wrong, whoever does them. But
all the allegations of frauds against the Repub-
licans in this district, as compared with the
frauds committed by the Democrats, would be
as but the shadow to the substance. They were
nothing, indeed, but a feeble, sickly, and un-
successful effort to imitate the real article, and
I do not like some things that appear in this
testimony among the Democrats, showing their
opinions of each other. Several Democrats
testify that because certain Democrats voted
for Mr. Van Wyck, therefore they must have
been bribed. What! cannot a Democrat vote
for a personal friend, a Republican ? Cannot
a Democrat vote for a Republican on personal
grounds ? Cannot he have any such prefer-
ence? Cannot he vote on public grounds?
Could not a Democrat in 1868, as between
Grant and his supporters and Seymour and
liis supporters, vote the Republican ticket with-
out being bribed ? Is the fact that Democrats
vote the Republican ticket evidence of bribery?
I hope not. If that be the rule as between
parties, woe be unto us liberal Republicans
who sometimes vote with the other side of the
House!
Mr. BINGHAM, I am glad you include
yourself.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly; I sometimes
do it, but I do it on my judgment and con-
science, as my colleague [Mr. Bingham] does
also.
But to show how Republicans who undertake
to run the Democratic machine get sold I want
to read the testimony of James Fitzgibbon :
"I reside in Wickhara avenue, Middlctown; was
twenty-two years of age in December; have lived in
this country five years next June.
'Question. Have you been naturalized?
Answer. I went to New York last November to
get naturalized.
"Question. Where did you get them?
"Answer. At the city hall they were supposed to
be got.
"Question. Did you go into court ?
"Answer. I was in the court, but I didn't get my
papers in there. I wen tup town on business, and when
I came back there I got my papers ; they had been
taken out while I was down around town; I did not
make application in court myself. Could not toll
who got mo to go to New York; Jo. Crawford went
with me. I was going to Goshen for them some
time ago, but I was told that I could get them for
nothing, and save 81 50. Colonel Young came down
that day on the noon train. I could not tell how I
got my papers; I went on business up town; the
papers were handed mo when I camo back by a
strange man, and who he was I do not know. 1'ho
rest might have been in court. I did not take notico
how many Crawford and Young took down at that
time; think it was about six or seven. They said
that was the last day, but I found out different after-
ward. I did not have any witness; there was a man
there who signed for me ; I do not know whether ho
knew me or not. I did not swear at all; they said
that any man could get his papers. Do not know of
any money being used; I would nottake any; didn't
want it. I do not know whether the other men's faro
wa8 paid or not; I was not acquainted with any of
them until I went down there. I saw Crawford, and
he told me where to go, and I went there ; I got the
papers at the place Crawford told me; went uptown
on business, and when I came back my papers were
given to me. Do not know whero it was I got the
papers; it was right opposite an engine-house; they
said it was the Democratic headquarters. I voted at
the last presidential election; voted the Democratic
ticket. These men who took me down were Repub-
licans, and wanted me to vote that way. They said
they got the papers at the Democratic headquarters."
So the Republicans took a Democrat down
and put him through the mill, and he came
back and voted against them !
Mr. WOOD. That was right.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly that was right,
and I hope that any party and every party
which attempts fraud will ever lose by it. And
iu this case I want the parties who have been
guilty of these gigantic frauds to lose by them,
to fail. I want the House to do justice to the
contestant who has waited here now nearly
half his term, justice to the district which is
misrepresented on this floor, justice to the
country, and to ourselves.
Mr. RANDALL. I yield ten minutes of my
time to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
schumakee.]
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Mr. Speaker, it can
hardly be expected that in so short a time I
can successfully defend the party that I repre-
sent in the great State of New York from the
terrible onslaught that has been made upon it
by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. But-
ler] and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stevenson,] but I will endeavor to do so as
far as I can.
This attempt on the part of the contestant
to unseat the sitting member seems to me to
be a sort of Chinese war. There has been a
great deal said in relation to the naturalization
of persons in the city of New York and in the
county of Orange. There has been a great
deal of evidence taken to show that naturaliza-
tion papers were irregularly granted to different
parties in the county of Orange and in the city
of New York. But there has been no evidence,
there has been no successful attempt to show
that there were persons who had received their
papers from such courts who voted for the
sitting member, Judge Greene. There is no
evidence at all to show that such parties voted
the Democratic ticket, and it is merely inferred
from the evidence which was before the com-
mittee, and which they have reported to the
House, that such parties did vote the Demo-
cratic ticket.
