1870.
IBB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3229
insert the words "wire fbt strings of pianos
and other musical instruments."
Mr. Mayxarp'r amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to strike
out i he paragraph.
Mr. HOAR. The purpose of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] is to refrain
from imposing upon a luxury, a particular and
expensive kind of luxury of the parlor, the
same duty which we have imposed on the hair-
pins and corset-wires of the poor laboring
woman, the factory girl, and the servant in the
kitchen. This is a tax on a luxury simply, a
necessary of life to no person : and it seems to
me that if any revenue is to be raised by duties
on imports, no person can claim that it is
proper to reduce the revenue upon this par-
ticular article.
The question was put on Mr. Brooks's mo-
tion : and on a division, there were—ayes 40,
lioes 62; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
Matnabd were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 49, noes 66.
While members were passing between the
tellers,
Mr. SCHENCK said : Is it in order to call
attention to the fact that while there are one
hundred and seventy members here we can
hardly pet a quorum to vote ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no con-
trol over that matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I withdraw the re-
mark.
The tellers having reported, the Chair an-
nounced that the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend this para-
graph by adding to it the following:
Provided further. That all steel in coils, not more
than three tenths of an inch diameter or square,
coated with tine or other metal, or not so coated,
shall pay the tame duty as steel wire.
My amendment is designed simply to remove
an ambiguity of expression in the bill as it now
stands, and not to alter the duty as proposed
by this paragraph. When the subject of iron
wire was before the Committee of the Whole
the other day the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Ci.evei.and] and the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Bcrchard,] the latter of whom
was very earnestly in favor of a reduction of
the doty, and both of whom had been prac-
tically engaged in dealing in this article of
wire—both of those genttemen made excep-
tion to the phraseology of the Committee of
Ways and Means. The committee had made
use of the expression ''steel wire, either
rolled or drawn." It was agreed here by
gentlemen on both sides who were practically
acquainted with the business, that the distinc-
tion between wire and rod does not lie in the
matter of size, but depends upon the fact
whether the article is rolled, an operation
which is performed wheq the iron is hot, or
whether it is drawn through a plate, an opera-
tion performed while the iron is cold.
Now, a tariff intended to protect steel wire
does not protect it against competition from
an article of the same size but which is pro-
duced by another process. By an invention
recently brought to perfection in England, and
now in process of introduction into this coun-
try, both iron and steel are rolled to the size
of the piece which I now hold in my hand, and
to a size still smaller. Upon that criticism
being made upon the bill it was suggested that
as it was a mere question of phraseology and
not of substance, undoubtedly a phrase could
be selected which would meet the objections
of gentlemen on both Sides. Accordingly, the
precise phraseology which I have employed in
uy amendment to be applied to steel was
agreed to by the Committee of the Whole in
regard to iron without objection from any
one. I desire that the Committee of the
Whole shall adopt this amendment in regard
to -steel wire. I understand that my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] assents to my prop-
osition.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
iuquire of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] if he includes hoop-skirt wire in
his amendment?
Mr. HOAR. I suppose not. I do not know
wbat amount of hoop-skirt wire is made of
steel.
Mr. COX. The other day, when the sub-
ject of iron wire was before the Committee
of the Whole, gentlemen said that it did not
include hoop-skirt wire. Now, when we are
considering the article of steel wire, I want
to know if it includes hoop-skirt wire cov-
ered with cloth. I understand from my friend
from Utah—I beg his pardon, 1 mean the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,]
that hoop-skirt wire is not included in this
pending paragraph, but it may be included in
a subsequent paragraph. I will therefore wait
until it comes up lor consideration.
The amendment of Mr. Hoar was then
agreed to.
Mr. B ROOKSj of New York. I am sorry
I have this duty to perform, but it is never-
theless a duty. I move to further amend this
paragraph by adding to it the followiug:
Provided, There shall be no rates of duty levied
upon steel wire over 75 per cent, ad valorem,
I must nibble away at this bill, even upon
the article of iron, no matter in what category
of insects I may be classed by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Sghbnok. ] I must, therefore, nibble away at
this wire and at these amendments which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
has been able to have ingrafted upon the ori-
ginal bill, and for which that wire factory in
Worcester, iu the district which he so ably
represents here, should be thankful, which
they no doubt will highly appreciate, and for
which he will most thoroughly deserve not
only their thanks, but the thanks of all the wire
manufacturers in and about the Worcester
district, which he represents. But I would beg
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar,] I humbly beg of him, not only in
behalf of those who use pianos, but also in
behalf of those who wear skirts, to be content
with a bounty of 75 per cent, ad valorem, at
the utmost, and not to ask for more.
The rate of duty on wire is now 2£ cents and
20 per cent, ad valorem. Tha increase of this
duty to> 5 and 6 cents per pound is an increase
of from 100 to 140 per cent, upon these wires.
A bounty so enormous as this is too much to
ask from this House. In behalf of almost all
classes of wire, not only that used in pianos,
but even that employed in making rat-traps
and bird-cages, I most respectfully ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to accept my prop-
osition and to be content with a bounty of 75 per
cent, ad valorem. Before Isitdown I will make
a single furtherremark. I see that the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
is about to make a speech based upon a little
book which he and I have thoroughly studied
and fully comprehend; in other words, he is
going to give us from the Treasury reports a
new recitation of the story of ad valorems. I
have heard it repeated over and over again ;
aud in answer to the intended speech of the
gentleman, and if possible to save him the
necessity of making the speech, I will say that
though the average of duties in the Treasury
report may be below 75 per cent., what I pro-
pose is that upon all wires now rating in duty
above 75 per cent, ad valorem the duty shall
be only 75 per cent. I will not dispute the
Treasury returns, and I do not think the gen-
tleman should object to my proposition.
MESSAGE fROM THE PRESIDENT.
The committee rose inforftially; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the President of the United States, by
Mr. Horace Porter, his Private Secretary,
announced that the President had approved
and signed bills and joint resolutions of the
following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 9) to provide for the
revision and consolidation of the statutes of
the United States;
An act (H. R. No. 208) for the relief of
Captain George E. Grisham, of Tennessee;
An act (II. R. No. 840) amendatory of the
organic act of Colorado Territory, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 809) to authorize the
issuing of a certificate of registry or enroll-
ment to the schooners Zetias Snow and Patriot;
An act (II. R. No. 897) to incorporate the
Washington and Boston Steamship Company;
An act, (H. 11. No. 945) to provide for the
survey of the Fort Gratiot military reservation,
in the State of Michigan;
An act (H. 11. No. 1413) for the relief of
Sophia A. Moen, administratrix, and Philip
L. Moeti, administrator of Augustas R. Moen ;
An act (H. R. No. 1011) for the relief of
Friend A. Brainard ;
An act (H. R. No. 1635) to authorize the
corporate authorities of the city of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, to p:ive aud
improve the Streets thereof;
An act (H. R. No. 1912) to extend the time
within which persons elected to office may take
the oath of office prescribed in ati act entitled
" An act to admit the State of Texas to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United
States
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 125) for the
relief of James L. Ridgely. collector of inter-
nal revenue for the second district of Mary-
land;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 144) to enable
the Court of Claims to hear and determine the
claim of E. Diekelman, a subject of the king
j of Prussia;
| Joint resolution (H. R. No. 146) for the
j return of evidence of honorable discharge to
i officers and enlisted men ;
! Joint resolution (H. R. No. 156) authorizing
I the sale of certain lands at Springfield, Massa-
I chusetts, and for other purposes ;
j Joint resolution (H. R. No. 197) for the
j relief of George S. Atkinson, late assistant
j quartermaster of volunteers;
I Joint resolution (H. R. No. 215) authorizing
; the supply of arms for instruction and practice
: to colleges and universities;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 245) making an
appropriation to defray the expenses of the
Committee ou Education and Labor incurred
; in pursuance of investigations ordered by the
House of Representatives; and
; Joint resolution (H. R. No. 271) makinjg an
appropriation for the purpose of making ex-
periments in the ventilation of the Halls of the
] Capitol.
i MB TARIFF.
| The Committee of the Whole on the state of
j the Union resumed its session.
! Mr. KELLEY. The personal intimacy be-
tween the gentleman, and myself during the
! last ten or twelve months has been so great
that we have sounded each others depths aud
j shoals thoroughly. For once he has found a
: factory outside of Pennsylvania. The gentle-
I man's speeches are so admirable in the " bun-
| combe" way that I will only say a word in
I reply to them. This motion is purely "bun-
combe," for the gentleman knows very well
the ad valorem duty on wires ranges between
27J and 34f per cent.; and he makes the mo-
tion to have it voted down so he may tell his
constituents next year, because he knows what
it is, not that we have imposed a duty of 75
per cent., but that we refused to lower it at, 75
per cent. I hope gentlemen will give him the
benefit of that argument to his enlightened
constituency.
Mr. HOAR. I move to strike out the last
word. Mr. Chairman, I wish to say to the gen-
