1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Say.
Ho. op Keps.
Representative of a district as largely composed
of farmers as any other represented in this
House, I am called upon to examine the tariff
question from a very different stand-point to
that occupied by my friends from Pennsylva-
nia and New England. They say that their
policy is necessary in order to protect Amer-
ican industry. Under what guise do these gen-
tlemen,who propose to protect my constituents
by depriving them of what they want, under-
take the process? By means of a tariff. And
what is a tariff? It is nothing but a law for
the collection of taxes. That is the whole of
it, the beginning and the end, the Alpha and
tlu; Omega. Tariff is but another name for
tax, and the object of a law for the collection
of a tax is to obtain the revenue needed by the
Government. All taxation is privation, neces-
sary, and proper, provided only the end and
aim of the law be the one and simple purpose
of obtaining the needed revenue with the least
interference with the occupation of the people.
Any attempt to frame a tax law for the pur-
pose of paying a bounty to some specially
favored occupation partakes in part of com-
munism. It is an attackupon the fundamental
right of properly, and is unlit to be submitted
to by a free people. The high protective tariff
now in force must be abated. It has not pre-
vented the people of this country from pros-
pering moderately; but it has retarded their
progress, and ii has doubled the burden of the
debt and of the taxes they have to pay.
Mr. Chairman, the State Tin part represent
is what is called an agricultural or farming one ;
we are told that we have no manufactures, and
that we must develop a great home market
near our farms in order that we may diversify
our industry. And, according to these wise-
acres, there is no manufacturing and no diver-
sity of employment outside of a factory or an
iron-mill. I do not intend submitting to this
bold and audacious sophistry any longer. Now,
a farming population cannot exist in these
modern times without drawing near to it and
establishing in its midst a population of man-
ufacturers and a diversity of employments, in
comparison with which the protected employ-
ments are utterly insignificant. Take this great
baby known as the infant manufacture of steel,
with its cradle at Pittsburg. There are in all
the United States 3,500 men employed in the
attempt to furnish us with steel. Why, we
have more men employed in a small section
of my district building new railroads than this
whole force of overgrown infants, and if you
will give us iron and steel free from taxat ion
v, o alone will next year absorb the whole force
of steel-makers and give them better work and
better wages. Now, sir, are our railroad build-
ers manufacturers or not? Arc they home
consumers of farm products or not? Do they
diversify our industry or not? Is a railroad a
productive power, or is it not?
Well, sir, can a farming population exist
without carpenters, blacksmiths, wheelwrights,
masons, shoemakers, and all the other intelli-
gent mechanics and working-people who make
up a civilized community? Are such persons
manufacturers? Are they representatives of
diversified industry? Mr. Chairman, I have
not the figures at hand, but I will venture to
say that the masons, carpenters, blacksmiths,
and shoemakers of my single State outnum-
ber all the workmen engaged, directly or indi-
rectly, in tue production of iron in the United
States; and you, gentlemen of Pennsylvania,
assume the right and have exercised the power
to tax these, my constituents, upon all the
tools and implements of their industry, not for
revenue, not even for the benefit of the work-
men you employ, bat that infant iron manufac-
turers may live in a luxurious manlier upon
profits which they have not skill, energy, or
intelligence enough to earn by their own exer
tious,
Now, sir, I do not wish to say anything
against the workingmen engaged in the pro-
duction of iron; but I do say that the occupa-
tions of the farmers and manufacturers of my
State are better adapted to the development
of stalwart men, independent in character,
while interdependent in society. The freemen
of the community are the mechanics, the arti-
sans, and the farmers, who depend upon their
own exertions and are not supported by Gov-
ernment bounties. You tell us we only pro-
duce raw materials. The truth is, Mr. Chair-
man, that these terms "raw materials," "man-
ufactures," and "production," have become
perverted, and are used to mislead. There is
no such thing as a raw material after the hand
of man has moved it, or done something to it,
and all things are more or less manufactures ;
that is, things made by the hand.
Mr. Chairman, a high protective tariff can
never be made to operatejustly and equally. It
must always be for the benefit of a few specially
favored classes or interests, and therefore it
should, to say the least, bo looked upon with
great jealousy and disfavor by those who are
called upon by their legislation to scatter the
blessings of equal laws among the people. A
moment's consideration will prove, it seems to
me, that no protection can be given to nine
manufacturers out often, because their product
cannot be imported under any conceivable cir-
cumstances. This is especially true of our
western manufacturers, our tool-makers, our
wagon and car builders, our carpenters, black-
smiths, machinists, and the like. It is, there-
fore, asking too much of us to submit any
longer to have our manufacturers taxed for
the support of those of Pennsylvania and New
England, while they are protected against for-
eign competition. We will willingly and cheer-
fully pay revenue duties, but the Government
shall no longer be deprived of revenue under
the mask of protection.
Mr. Chairman, we are told that the sys-
tem advocated by these high protective tariff
champions is absolutely nccessary in order to
give us a home market for our agricultural
products. Now, sir, in the early history of
this country there may have been some force
in this claim, but at the present time.,the
observation and knowledge of every man tell
him that surrounding and in the midst of the
populations of all agricultural districts and
States there are hundreds of industries filled
with persons engaged in the greatest possible
diversity of employments. There are carpen-
ters, blacksmiths, wheelwrights, tailors, shoe-
makers, machinists, and all the other intelli-
gent mechanics. There is that numerous class,
more numerous throughout the country than
all the persons employed in our iron, woolen,
and cotton manufactures—I mean those em-
ployed in domestic service. There are the
numerous classes engaged in the operation of
our railroads and telegraphs, and in carrying
on our canal, lake, and river navigation. There
are our lawyers and doctors employed in the
practice of their professions. There are our
clergymen and teachers, and educators in our
colleges, academies, and common schools.
There are our editors and printers of newspa-
pers, and the thousands of others engaged in
the numerous other avocations of life, all of
whom go to make up a market for the agricul-
tural products of the couutry, and to build up
and crowd our villages and cities to such tin
alarming extent in this age as to awaken the
serious attention of thoughtful minds. As the
services of these classes cannot be performed
out of the couutry, they must necessarily be
consumers of home products for their susten-
tation. Hence there is no force to bo allowed
to this argument.
Indeed, sir, according to a careful and reli-
able classification of the 40,000,000 souls in
this country, which is given hi the able speech
of the honorable gentleman from Indiana,
about 16,400,000 are engaged and supported
by agriculture; about 5,200,000 are employed
in and supported in professional and domestic
pursuits; about3,000,000 are employed in and
supported by general commerce and trade, and
in the conveyance of men, goods, and mes-
sages ; about 5,200,000 are employed in non-
productive pursuits; and about 9,600,000 are
employed in and supported by art and mechnn-
ieal productions, in working and dealing in tex-
tile fabrics, and in dress, in food and drink,
and in animal and vegetable substances, and in
minerals. And of this last class there are only
2,800,000 men, women, and children benefited
by a protective tariff—about 7 per cent, of our
whole population; in short, about 700,000
actual producers.
It is constantly and with great conGdence
claimed by the advocates of the present high
protective tariff that its existence has brought
to the country a high degree of prosperity, and
that its continuance is necessary to make cer-
tain such prosperity. I desire to produce some
evidence to combat this assumption, which is
worth more than volumes of mere assertion.
I would first ask attention to the following
extract, from the St. Paul Press of January
5, 1870, which, in reviewing the agricultural
condition of the State of Mianesota for tho
year 1869, closes its statement as follows:
" Our readers will sco that tho account, as we
figure it for 18f>9, in ail agricultural point of view, id
one of trrcat disaster to tho farmers of Minesolii,
with few exceptions. This is no guess-work, for wo
know what wo talk about, and can produeethe facts
to provo our assortions. Awfully in debt, low price
for wheat, but little else to sell, too much paid for
hired men, too many implements bought on crcdit,
have rendcrod the season disastrous to many a hard-
working gardener and fruit-grower, as well as tho
farmer.
So much for Minnesota. I will now turn to
the State of Wisconsin. I shall now read an
extract taken from a letter from a member of
a firm who are the proprietors of saw-mills aud
farms at Oshkosh and Big Suamice in that
State, which is as follows:
" During tho last year wo have been obliged to re-
ducowagcb Keiierally; but tho cost of lining ib about
tho same as in 1867. Tho consequence is thnt the
unskilled laborers aro making a baro living, and as
tar as my observation goes are going into winter with
leso means than they have for a groat many year*.
In my opinion, unless the general business ot tho
eountry improves and tho cost of living decreased
by removing your tariif from articles consumed by
tho poor, the laboring poor aro destined to see harder
times than they have seon in this country."
What can be more instructive as regards the
tendency of the present condition of affairs
than the exhibition of the condition of the
industry of the State of Ohio, presented in the
recent report of the Secretary of State for the
year 1869, just published. From this document
it appears that—
" First. In tho ton years ending in 18(50, the annual
incroaso in tho area of wild land brought under cul-
tivation averaged 320,000 acres. But in 1801) it whs
only 86,000 aores. ^ •.
4' Second. In 1861 tho cattle numbered 1,902, <12, and
had they increased in tho same proportion as popu-
lation. namely, 2i- per cent, yearly, thev would m
1869havonumbered2,283,:42G. They dwindled instead
down t© 1,492,581. , , ,
" Third. Inl8G0 there were 2,800,000 hogs, and these,
by the saino rate of increase as above, should in
1809 have counted 3.400,000. But tliey counted only
1 155 943.
' "Are these figures sufficiently simple, and is their
meaning plain?
" Ohio is an agricultural State. Withoujther proper
supply of stocks she cannot havo the lull use and
profit of her farms. And when her flocks and herds,
which nro her active working capital, thus shrink
and dwindle, and her teeming population of axmcn
and tillers of tho soil, hitherto conquerors ot the
wilderness at the rate of 320,000 acres yearly, halt thus
in their advance, it must give u& pause."
Tho enormous increase of the mortgage debt
of Ohio for the last three years is shown by the
following statistics, taken from this valuable
document, and deserve careful attention:
In 1867 the number of mortgages was 
In 180S the number of mortgages was  "'4,
In the numher of mortgages was 41,1.'-,
