4174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
question is up, I would like to have the attention
of the House called to the statute on that sub-
ject. It seems to me it is not competent for
the House to pay money in that way.
Mr. DxWES. I ought to have said when
on the floor that it is very doubtful whether it
is within the power of the House by a simple
resolution to pay to a man not entitled to a
seat any compensation out of the contingent
fund ; for the statute provides that—
"So part of the sum appropriated for the contin-
gent expenses of either House of Congress shall be
nppliec! to any other than the ordinary expenditures
of the Senate and House."
It is, in my judgment, very doubtful whether,
under this provision oflaw, the House can by
a simple resolution pay to a man who has no
right at all to a seat a gratuity for having pros-
ecuted his claim.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, the substi-
tute which I offered when this bill was before
the House last week I withdrew on Saturday
by unanimous consent, presenting in its place
another proposition, which has been printed,
and is now, [ presume, on the desks of mem-
bers. it is a substitute for the first section of
the bill.
I agree with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] as to the existence of griev-
ances which demand a remedy by legislation.
I propose to state what I regard as those griev-
ances. The gentleman from Massachusetts
has not complained that sitting members have
drawn more money than they ought to draw
out of the Treasury, lie has only complained
that too much money has been taken out of
the contingent fund of the JJouse by persons
not entitled to make demands upon that fund.
The money which has thus in these contested-
election eases been taken out of the contingent
fund has been paid to those who have come
here and contested seats to which, in the end,
they have been adjudged to hare no right.
Therefore I say the bill presented by the Com-
mittee of Elections does not cure the evil of
which these gentlemen complain. It does not
cure in the least this evil of taking motley out
of the contingent fund to pay in these contested-
election cases, because the salary and mileage
paid now to the sitting member until the con-
test is settled are not paid out of the contingent
kind of the House, but out of the Treasury ol'
the United States.
Now, sir, how shall we remedy the evil of
paying money out of the contingent fund to
those not entitled to it? Clearly all these per-
sons who come here to contest seats, unless
they prevail, unless they secure the scats, should
not l ; entitled to any money, nothing, either
as a gratuity or for expenses in any way. It
seems to mo this bill, as it is now drawn, in-
stead of curing the evil, simply legalizes the
evil of which complaint, is made here. It does
not cure it in the least. It says that those who
come here to contest seats, and those who come
with rights to seat.**, shall bo paid the sum they
liavcactually and necessarily expended in pros-
ecuting or defending their claims, to be ascer-
tained by the Committee of Elections. That is
the theory under which we are acting to-day.
It is the precise theory on which a resolution
was introduced on Thursday last, and passed
without discussion, giving $]'J,000 to certain
gentlemen for prosecuting their claims to seats
upon this floor. Besides, we paid the neces-
sary expenses of the contests. We have, in
the thirteen or fourteen years the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has been a
member of this House, paid over two hundred
thousand dollars out of the contingent fund to
persons who had no right to it whatever—paid
as gratuity, paid as salary to persons in the
business of contesting seats in this House, if
gentlemen desire we shall strike a blow at that
evil, if they desire to see it cured, if they desire
to provide a remedy, then let us strike a blow
at the root of the evil, so that no man shall be
paid unless he shall have a clear right to receive
the money.
[Here„the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURR. I now yield for ten minutes to
my colleague.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I am ad-
monished that it is important to close this
question as soon as possible, and-1 shall there-
fore condense what I have to say into a few
general remarks. I regard this as an import-
ant measure. Unquestionably many abuses
have grown up under the existing system; but
I believe the pending proposition before the
House involves still greater abuses, andis of still
greater danger than any heretofore existing.
I am opposed to the entire bill. 1 regard it as
an exceedingly dangerous one.
I shall not go into any discussion of the power
of one House to control the other by sneh a law
as is now proposed. Perhaps, as the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has
stated, that power may exist in reference to the
expenditure of money by either House. Indeed,
I do not differ with him in regard to the power
of Congress over this question. But if a law
of this kind should be passed, why should it
not also embrace the Senate ? There are con-
tests there as well as in this body. 1 do not
believe it is right or proper that we should in-
terfere with the expenditure by the Senate of
its contingent fund; nor do I believe that they
would ever consent to the passage of a law that
would give us the power to do so. Nor, sir,
do I think it sale or right to invite the Senate
to participate with us in the control of a matter
of this kind.
There have been imprudent acts by each
House in the exercise of its judgment, as there
have been improper acts of legislation by both
Houses of Congress. But in these matters each
House should judge for itself, and, indeed, each
case presents features of equity or injustice
peculiar to itself, and in regard to which no
general rule can with propriety be applied in
advance. What is proposed here? A man
coming here with the proper credentials, and
sworn in as a member, is in fact {da facto if not
tie jure) a member, as much so as any other
upon the floor, with the same responsibility,
tho same rights, the same powers, the same
duties, and subjected to the same expenses
and responsibilities, and is most unquestion-
ably, I think, entitled to the same compensa-
tion as atiy other member. This bill proposes
an entire change in this regard. If tho pay of
members is no more than it should be for the
duties devolved upon them, as is time and
again asserted here, in which opinion I fully
concur, upon what ground of reason or justice
can we refuse to pay a man who occupies a
seat as such which may happen to be contested,
who is compelled to take a house or rooms
here, who has devolved upon him all the re-
sponsibilities, expenses, and duties of a mem-
ber? 'They are numerous and onerous, as every
gentleman here can testify. lie is, in fact, a
member, as much so as any one else. He has
tho power to aid in the expulsion of other mem-
bers. He has the power to determine by his
casting vote whether any other gentleman is
entitled to his seat or not. The passage of a
law, perhaps a law of the utmost importance,
involving the rights and liberty of millions of
people, may be determined by his casting vote,
and which law will be just as binding and valid as
if determined by the vote of any other member.
I regard it as exceedingly dangerous to give to
a majority the power which this bill will give
them, because men are but human the world
over. I desire gentlemen to remember that
that party which has the majority one day may
be the minority the next. And wo all know
that party majorities are capable at least of
injustice toward members of the minority.
Even if they did not determine actually to turn
a man out of his seat they could keep him on
short commons or entirely without compensa-
tion, as is now proposed, in his seat, without
determining the contest until the very close of
the term, as indeed has been the case in
several instances under the present system,
several of which are now fresh in my memory.
The present system is no doubt liable to
grave abuses; but I think these are not to be
compared for a moment to the dangers of the
system now proposed. A majority here, not
governed by proper motives, might keep the
entire minority without pay or subsistence, and
actually starve them into obedience to then-
mandates or an abandonment of their places;
for it is an easy matter to get up a contest in
any district. And instead of cutting off eon-
tests by this bill, you are, as I conceive, inviting
them; because these political controversies are
generally of a heated character, and tho man
who is defeated, if he knew he could keep the
successful candidate out of his pay, would
inaugurate a contest, if for no other purpose,
at least for the purpose of annoying hitn and
keeping him out of the money to which he is
entitled. It would be impossible for the House,
if controlled by the purest principles and the
greatest diligence, to judge of the motives with
which a contest is prosecuted. I regard, there-
fore, the plan proposed in the bill as most dan-
gerous, and I trust that honorable gentlemen
will pause long before adopting it.
1 insist also, with great respect, that we should
not give the power to the Senate to control our
action in these matters. I do not doubt that
they would spurn a proposition to give us sim-
ilar power over them. We might, after trying
this plan one session, find that it was ruinous
to us as a body, and yet before we could get rid
of it we would have to go as suppliants to tho
other end of the Capitol. They have drawn
to themselves too much power by laws already
enactcd, and I submit that we should not fur-
ther surrender to them the control over our
rights and privileges. I look upon this as an-
other movement in that direction. I object
to it, and protest against it as revolutionary
and as involving and endangering the rights
and privileges of this body. I think we should
not be willing for one moment to consent to
it. We should reject it without a moment's
hesitation.
1 admit that there are abuses, great abuses,
in the existing system, and I shall be glad to
join the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] in inaugurating- some system, like the
English system, for instance, orsomethingelse,
by which we might accomplish the same object,
by which the House will get rid of the enorm-
ous burden imposed upon it by these contests,
and of the expenses imposed upon the country
by the present system. The expenditure of
but $100,000, or $200,000, or $300,000 is as
nothing to this Government in proportion to
the other expenditures. It is something, it is
true, but we are voting away sums as great
every day uselessly, wastcfully, and extrava-
gantly. These contests should not be unduly
discouraged or looked upon with too great dis-
favor. They are the inevitable results of pop-
ular elections. The rights of constituencies
and the principles of popular government are
involved in them. And we have no right to
obstruct the road to these Halls by imposing
heavy burdens either upon contestants or upon
members who may happen to have their right to
a seat disputed. I repeat that this is a ques-
tion involving the rights and privileges of the
House and the privileges and rights of our
constituents, which we have no right to vote
away, as we would, I humbly conceive, if we
enact this bill into a law. I am aware, Mr.
Speaker, of the impatience of the House to
proceed to other and pressing business this
morning; and I will therefore not detain the
House further, and will only add that, looking
upon it as dangerous and revolutionary, I shall
vote against the whole bill, and hope that the
House will refuse to adopt it. 1 do not think
the bill susceptible of amendments that would
make it safe or acceptable. It is based on
wrong principles, and our ouly safety is in
rejecting it entirely.
Mr. BURR. I surrender the rest of my time
to the chairman of the committee, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. It was my purpose, Mr.
Speaker, to address the House at some length
on this bill. But I have learned this morning
