2286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
after deliberation, and sentenced according to
a law of 1849, permitting the Government to
exile immediately any foreigner without justi-
fying reason. He represents that the minister
of the United States, Mr. E. B. Washburne,
interfered in vain for liis protection, and he
now applies to the Senate of the United States
for remedy in his case, and for some general
law that shall prevent a repetition of any such
act. I move the reference of this petition to
the Committee on Foreign .Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of Isaac
H. Christian, Charles City county, Virginia ;
of W. L. Wingfield, Hauover Court-House,
Virginia; of William N. Yarbrough and Robert
M. McKenzie, Hanover Court-House, Virginia;
and of John W. Powell, Richmond, Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
REPORTS OI< COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 215) to amend the usury
laws of the District of Columbia, reported it
back and moved that the Senate disagree to the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill, and ask for a committee of confer-
enceonthe disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Vice
President being authorized by unanimous con-
sent to appoint the conferees 011 the part of the
Senate, Messrs. Hami.ix, Tiiurman, and Har-
ms wore appointed.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
G44r) to incorporate tlie United States Freehold
Land and Emigration Company, and to eon-
iirm certain legislation in Colorado Territory,
submitted an adverse report, and moved the
indefinite postponement of the bill.
The motion to postpone was agreed to, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee 011 Mil-
iary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of J. II. Trotter and W. II. Duprec, reported
a bill (S. No. 724) for the relief of James M.
Trotter and William II. Dupree; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee 011
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. tiilj to further the administration of
justice, reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee 011
Private Laud Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 142) to perfect the title of
Franklin Oliver, a soldier of the war of 1812,
to certain lands which he claims to have cov-
ered by military warrants, submittedan adverse
report, and moved the indefinite postponement
of the bill; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (8. No. 182) for the relief
of the heirs of William A. Hinus, deceased,
submitted an advei so report, and asked to be
discharged from ils further consideration, and
moved the indefinite postponement of the bill;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Thomas Hender-
son, praying that he may bo permitted to pur-
chase a certain tract of Government land in the
State of Michigan, reported abill (S. No. 725)
for the relief of Thomas Henderson; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 80)
lo construe an act entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to confirm certain pri-
vate land claims in the Territory of New Mex-
ico,' " reported it with amendments.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. It. No. 130) for the relief of
James F. Joy, reported it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. G77) to change the place of holding the
courts of the United States for the Albemarle
district of North Carolina, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 249) concern-
ing the district court of the United States for
the district of Iowa, reported adversely thereon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will bo
indefinitely postponed, if there bo no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope it will not be post-
poned indefinitely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iam also instructed by
the same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 723) in relation to the circuit court
of the United States in and for the district of
Missouri, to report it with an amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider the bill just reported
by the Judiciary Committee in reference to the
circuit court of Missouri, which will begin its
session next Monday, and this bill is important
with reference to the session to begin then. It
is a local matter having reference to our court
alone.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to the Senator
from Missouri that it is not a local matter, as
reported back. The committee did not agree
to the bill as introduced by the Senator from
Missouri, but made it a general bill, particu-
larly providing that circuit courts shall not be
required lo be held under the act of April last
in any districts where they were not required
by previously existing law, so as to obviate the
necessity of holding a circuit court for the west-
ern district of Missouri; but they did not think
it proper to pass the portion of the bill in re-
gard to the peculiar organization of the courts
in Missouri, thinking there should not be two
different systems adopted. The bill, therefore,
will perhaps lead to some discussion if the Sen-
ator from Missouri thinks it important to pass
it now.
Mr. DRAKE. If it will lead to any discus-
sion I do not wish to take up the time of the
Senate with it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Joseph 11.
Brown, a sub-contractor of Charles A. Ruffee
for the transportation of military stores, pray-
ing for compensation for damages sustained
by him on account of detention of his teams by
the alleged negligence or fault of the agents of
the United Slates, submittedan adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed, and
the committee were discharged from its further
consideration.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee 011
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Joseph Lanman, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 72G) for the
relief of Joseph Lanman. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
wa3 ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
727) to fix the time for the election of Repre-
sentatives and Delegates in the Congress ot the
United States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
728) for the relief of "the Shawnee Indians;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indians Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
729) to incorporate the Indian Territory, Gulf,
and Pacific Railway Company, and to enable
the same to construct certain railroads and
branches, so as to give transit by rail through
that territory 011 equal terms to all railroads
reaching its borders ; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. ROSS. As I have already introduced
a bill 011 the same subject., which has been re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
I desire that this shall take the same direction,
The bill was referred to tlie Committee on
the Pacific. Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 780) to establish a police court in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, aud for other purposes ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 731) lo provide for a building suited to the
use of the post office, the land and revenue
ollicers, ajid the judicial officers of the United
States in the city of Montgomery, Alabama;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by. unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 732) to amend an act entitled "An act to
incorporate the Freedman's Savings and Trust
Company,'' approved March 3, 1865; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee 011 the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC BUILDJNU AT LITTLE ROCK.
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 334.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requiresunan-
imous consent during the morning hour, under
the rule. The Senator from Arkansas asks
unanimous consent to take up for considera-
tion the bill (S. No. 334) to provide for a build-
ing suited to the use of the post office, the
revenue officers, and the judicial officers of
the United States in the city of Little Rock,
Arkansas. The Chair hears no objection, and
the bill is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with an amendment,
to strike out all after the enacting clause and
to insert the following :
That the Secretary of the Treasury he, and heishere-
by. authorized and directed to cause to be constructed
asuitablo building, fireproof, at LittleRook, Arkan-
sas, for the accommodation of the custom-house,
post office, United Slates circuit and district courts,
and internal revenue offices; and l'or this purpo&e
there is hereby appropriated, our of any money m
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $100,000, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, who shall causo proper plans and esti-
mates to be made so that no expenditure shall be
made or authorized for the full completion of said
building beyond the amount herein appropriated:
Provided, Thai no money hereby appropriated sh;. |i
bo used or applied for the purposes mentioned until
a valid title to the land for the site ot such building
shall bo vested in tho United States, and until the
State shall also duly release and relinquish to the
United States the right to tax or in any way assess
f.aul site, or tho property of iho United States that
may be, thereon, during tho time that the United
States shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the honorable
Senator from Arkansas if there has been any
estimate made or any plan adopted for the
building contemplated by this bill?
Mr. RICE. There has been no step taken
in that direction. There are no public build-
ings of the United States in the State.of Ark-
ansas of any kind whatever, and I believe this
is tho first step which has been taken toward
getting any public Federal building there. The
guarantee for the correctness of the bill is the
fact that it is reported by the Committee 011 Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, of which the honor-
able Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] is
chairman. I am satisfied, from what has been
before that committee, that they have reported
correctly on the bills before them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will merely
say, in response to the Senator from Iowa,
