1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
have the same power to vote that they would
if their disabilities were entirely removed. All
the people will vote. By removing these dis-
abilities it eaunot be said that the result will
be to throw the late rebellious States into rebel
hands. If. will not affect that question, for so
far as liberating men and,allowing them to vote
is concerned that will have been accomplished
without this measure; but retaining these dis-
abilities will tend to place the southern States
in rebel hands; is tending that way every day
and every hour. Tennessee furnishes an exam-
ple. You will find, whatever you may think
now, that when you take the vote again in
South Carolina, in North Carolina, in Florida,
in Alabama, in Mississippi, and in Texas the
persons who are disabled will come forward
and say, "Now all men have the ballot; we
ask that we may be relieved from political dis-
abilities they will put that in their platform,
and it will be an element of strength. One
rebel in that situation has more power than ten
or one hundred with their disabilities removed.
I believed from the beginning that the phi-
losophy of the true settlement was universal
suffrage and universal amnesty. Everything
has been tending to that result from the begin-
ning. Four years ago and upward [ had the
honor to say that there would be no perma-
nent settlement until that was accomplished.
Now, when we have universal suffrage, let us
close the rebellion ; let us close reconstruction
and have universal amnesty. It will come
whether wo grant it or not. [twill bean issue
until it does come, and when it comes by a
contcst before the people it will bring into
power a class of men that will not protect the
rights of the people we have sought to protect
as well as we will protect tliera. It will bring
rebels into power; it is their stock in trade.
The continuance of their disabilities now is
what makes them powerful. It made them
powerful in Tennessee, and will make thorn
powerful elsewhere. They have the power to
vote. We ought to relieve them from disabil-
ities. We ought lo have generosity and saga-
city enough to grant it in time.
As for removing individual disabilities, tak-
ing up individual cases and acting 011 each
separately, I am satisfied that it is impossible
for Congress in the way it is organized to do
that subject justice. We have 110 means of
getting information ; we have to get ouriuform-
ation from strangers, and we shall be con-
stantly imposed upon. I gave that matter
attention last winter, and I found myself daily
imposed upon. Irresponsible persons that f
knew nothing of would say that this man was
a good man or a bad man, and perhaps when
I came to inquire about the character of my
informant I found that he was not to be relied
upon. I was constantly making representa-
tions here thatl subsequently ascertained were
doinginjustice. A bill is offered in this House
removing disabilities, it is passed, and when it
goes to the other House, 011 another repre-
sentation from some irresponsible person, the
name of an individual who has passed the
scrutiny of this House is attacked in the other,
or vice versa. As we are organized it is im-
possible for us to relieve these disabilities in
detail and do justice. It must bo done by
classes. It seems to me that if we say now
that when the fifteenth amendment shall have
been adopted these disabilities shall disappear
we shall strengthen the country, strengthen the
cause, do no injury to any one, and aid in the
adoption of the fifteenth amendment, and thus
consummate and bring about a final peace.
I am in earnest about this matter, and I
desire to attract the attention of Senators to it.
I move now that the joint resolution be referred
to the Committee 011 the Judiciary, to be con-
sidered by them, and I hope it may ultimately
pass, and pass at an early day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itis moved that
the joint resolution be referred to the Com- jj
mittee on the Judiciary. 1;
The motion was agreed to. 11
HOUSE RESOLUTIONS REFERRED.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 77) disap-
proving of a contract for leasing the custom-
house block in San Francisco was read twice
by its title, and referred to the joint select
Committee on Retrenchment.
The concurrent resolutions received from the
House of Representatives for printing certain
reports were referred to the Committee on
Printing.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 331) to relieve certain persons therein
named from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and for other
purposes, is now before the Senate, as in Com
mittee of the Whole, as the unfinished business
of yesterday.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to state to the
Senate that this is a bill that passed the House
of Representatives a few days before the ad-
journment of the first session of the Forty-
First Congress. Every name in the bill has
been carefully scrutinized by the committee of
the House, and I have been assured by them
that the persons named have complied fully
with the reconstruction acts Of Congress ; that
they recognize the supremacy of the laws of
the Federal Union over those of their States ;
in other words, that they are law-abiding citi-
zens of the Republic. I hope the Senate will
not make any objection to the bill. If wo are
to relieve parties from their disabilities I think
this is a good bill to begin with. The bill con-
tains a large number of names of persons in
Virginia and Mississippi who are now waiting
and ready to take oflice ; in fact, who are neces-
sary to carry on the State governments there.
Among the number from Virginia I notice the
names of two or more judges. I have had a
conference with those judges myself. I desire
very much that this bill should pass, particu-
larly on account of tho names that it contains
from Virginia and Mississippi.
Mr. STEWART. I shall interpose 110 objec-
tion to tho passage of this bill. I did know
something about theso names at one time,
though but very little, because many of the
cases ( tried to investigate for several months,
but I found that investigation so as to draw a
distinction between paiticular men and their
fellow-citizens was next to an impossibility as
far as I was concerned. I do not know how
many more names are put in this bill, because
110 person can remember a list of names when
it gets up into the hundreds and thousands.
But this bill itself is a sufficient commentary
upon the kind of legislation on which we have
entered. I believe it would be better to stop
passing bills of this description altogether and
iix some time—the adoption of the fifteenth
amendment, or some event—for the removal
of all political disabilities, and let these par-
ties wait until then, and not spend so much of
our time as will be necessary to legislate upon
this subject.
When this bill shall have become a law and
these parties relieved there will bo in every
neighborhood in which they live more or less
hard feelings against this Government. There
will be men in the same neighborhood equally
entitled with the parties that you relieve, per-
haps more so, and they will say, " Why could
not I be relieved as well as my neighbor V" They
will feel the injustice of it, and instead of send-
ing harmony you will send discord into every
neighborhood in the South by passing this bill.
That has been the effect of the bills we have
passed heretofore ; because after a bill had
passed there would be immediately applica-
tions to me from persons in the same neighbor-
hood, pointing out the injustice done to them
in po.stponing their names and preferring those
ot other parties. The Senate must see the diffi-
culty of making a fair selection, the difficulty
of such legislation, and I do hope that a stop
may be put to it by the adoption of some course
that is not so open to criticism. The system
is not only liable to produce, but must neces-
sarily produce, evil results and dissatisfaction.
-I shall not object to the passage of this bill,
because it may contain some very naeritorious
cases. - Let it pass so far as I am concerned,
but I do object to this mode of legislation, and
shall from this out endeavor to get'the subject
disposed of by general legislation.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to make an inquiry
whether the correction of the spelling of any
of these names will have the effect of sending
the bill back to the House of Representatives?
I notice that two or three names are incor-
rectly spelled. I do not know that itis material,
but if it would not have the effect of sending
the bill back to the other House I should like
to have the necessary changes made.
Mr. CONKLING. I should be glad to in-
quire of the Senator from Kentucky how many
names this bill contains?
Mr. McCREERY. The bill contains the
names of twenty-eight Kentuckians.
Mr. CONKLING. But how many in all?
Mr. McCREERY. I suppose there are
about four or five hundred in the bill.
Mr. CONKLING-. And from different States?
Mr. McCREERY. From the different
southern States.
Mr. GONKLING. I should be glad to ask
also whether these names have ever been
referred, the whole of them, to the Committee
on the Removal of Disabilities of this body?
Mr. McCREERY. Every name has been
referred and bills have been reported. The bill
reported in the House of Representatives was
passed by the House. The Senate passed a
similar bill, which went to the other House.
The House bill was defeated, under the rules of
the Senate, at the close ofthe last session, and
that is the bill which we are now ac.ing upon.
Our bill, I believe, shared the same fate at the
other end of the Capitol.
Mr. CONKLING. So that I understand
the Senator to say that every name here has
undergone the examination of the committee
of this body on that subject?
Mr. McCREERY. Every name has under-
gone the examination of the committee, and
the bill has been reported by the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Robertson.] I do not
know whether he reported every name in this
bill, but the two committees have passed upon
every name.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] informs me that a
statement was made a few moments ago on that
subject by the chairman of the committee. I
was called from the Chamber and did not hear
i what, he said.
| Mr. ROBERTSON. I will take occasion
to state to the honorable Senator from New
York that I mentioned that the name of every
man in this bill had been closely scrutinized";
that the applications for relief were made in
due form to the House of Representatives, and
the chairman of the House committee assured
me that there was 110 name in the bill that
ought not to be in it.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Kentucky if this bill has ever
been considered by a committee?
Mr. McCREERY. There was a joint com-
mittee of the two Houses on this subject. The
committee of the Senate reported a bill to the
Senate which was passed by the Senate. Tb e
committee of the House reported a bill to the
House which was passed by the Ilonse, and
that bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, if I understand the
Senator, this identical bill has never been com-
mitted to a committee.
Mr. McCREERY. Certainly; itwasreported
by the committee of the House.
, Mr. SUMNER. It has never been com-
; mitted to a committee of this body. Will the
Secretary be good enough to read th# words at
the beginning of the bill?
