1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1343
exert the little influence I may possess in favor .
of any law, however stringent it may be, which j
is calculated to prevent this evil, for ourcouu- j
try can have no worse enemy than he who would ]
dittroy the purity of the ballot-box. Yes;
there is one worse even than the ballot-box
siuffer. The man who, whether he occupies
a seat on the bench, in the Senate, or upon
this lloor, will for party purposes override
or disregard the verdict of the people once
fairly pronounced through the ballot-box is a
worse enemy and a greater criminal than the
fraudulent voter; for while his crime is of the
same character, the evil of his example is felt
throughout the whole land, and is quoted by |
the repeater and ballot-box stutfer in palliation
of his own crimes. That the verdict of the
people has been and is constantly being disre-
garded by this House for mere party purposes
we have the evidence of oue who is probably
better qualified to judge than any other mem-
ber, belonging as he does to the party in the
majority, being one of its oldest members, and ,
having served eight years as chairman of the j
Committee of Elections.
In an address delivered in the city of New
York a few weeks since he used the following
language relative to the proceedings in con-
tested-election cases in this House. I ask that
the Clerk may read his words.
The Clerk read as follows :
"All traces of a judicial character in these pro-
ccediugs are fast fading away, and the precedents
are losing all sanction. Each case is coming to be
a mere partisan struggle. At the dictate of party
majorities the committee must tight, not follow, the
law and the evidence, and he will best meet the ex-
pectations of his appointmentwho can put upon the
record the best reasons for the course thus pursued.
This tendency is so manifest to those in a situation
to observe that it has ceased to be questioned, and
is now but little resisted. There is no tyranny liko
that of majorities, and efforts in the past to resist
them and to hold the judgment of the Committee of
Elections up above the dirty pool of party politics
liave encountered such bitter and unsparingdenun-
ciations and such rebuke to party fealty that they
are not likely often to be repeated. The fruit that
follows such seed is too certain for doubt. The
whole proceeding must sink into contempt. Sclf-
rcspect as well as legal attainment will soon retire
from service on a committee required in the same
of law and under the cloak of judicial sanction to
do the work of partisans. But the work itself is sure
to return to plague the inventors. What one party
does through such machinery can bo done all the
easier for it by any other which may come after it,
and that which needs such support will soon become
worthy of no other. When political ends are to
be gained through the forms of a contested elec-
tion there will be no lack of material or disposi-
tion, and nothing more certainly attests the pros-
titution of this tribunal or is more justly calculated
to awaken apprehension than the astonishing in-
crease of the number of contests within the last few
years. AVhilo the record discloses but sixty cases
during the first sixty-five years of the Government,
there have been more than that number within the
last ten years; and it is understood that twenty cases
are pending at this time in the present Congress.
Another fact disclosed by this record finds no other
explanation than is hero given. Those with the
minority in Congress seldom contest. The belief that
theeourt is packed with a ruling maj ority, and has its
work to do, tells plainly enough upon the number and
political affiliations of contestants, usually increas-
ing their numberfrom the one side, and in like man-
ner diminishing the list from the other. What was
said by Mr. Granville on introducing into the British
Parliament the bill for regulating contested elec-
tions, which has since borne his name, is to-day as
true of contests in the House of Representative* as
it then was of those in the Houseof Commons: 'In-
stead of trusting to the merits of their respective
cases the principal dependence of both parties is
upon their private interest among us, and it is scan-
dalously notorious that we are as earnestly canvassed
to attend in favor of the opposite side as if we were
wholly self-elective, and not bound to act by the
principles of justice, but by the discretionary impulse
of our own inclinations; nay, it is well known that
in every contested election many members in this
House, who are ultimately to judge in a kind of ju-
dicial capacity between the competitors, enlist them-
selves as parties in the contention, and take upon
themselves the partial management of the very busi-
ness upon which they should determine with the
stiictest impartiality.'" *****
"I am aware that the Constitution of the United
p'ates, so long as it gives each House for the-timo
wir.g the control of the question, stands in the way
M any permanent regulation by statute, and that a
thorough reiorm cannot stop short of such an amend-
ment of that instrument as will promote the regula-
tion by law of the mode of proceduro. And until
that is done, for the reasons already stated, no rad-
ical reform can be effected. Some improvement,
however, can be brought about by a large change in
the mode of appointing the Committee of Elections,
and much more by such a popular sentiment as will
put an end to the exactions of the parties at their
hands. Let the political committee be buried in the
same grave with the political judge. There is need
that public attention should be aroused to the neces-
sity of reform. The subject awakens 110 public inter-
est, and will fail to reach the public oar until the
fatal consequences are upon us. A discussion in the
House seldom finds listeners beyond the parties
directly involved. The memberscontentthemselvcs
with being present at roll-call, and never forget to
record their names according to the requirements of
Sarty affiliations. This is called a judgment of the
Louso upon the election returns and qualifications
of its own members. I have shown instead that it is
becoming an engine of political parties, working
out their ends and involving the institutions of the
country in their purpose and vote."
Mr. SLOCUM. Mr. Speaker, I have intro-
duced those words here in order that they may
go once more before the country. They por
tray in language far stronger and better than I
could use what we have witnessed here during
the last forty eight hours. Sir, I have pursued
a little further the track which the gentleman
from Massachusetts in those remarks indicated.
I find that from the foundation of the Govern-
ment down to the time when the Republican
party gained the majority on this floor there
were only sixty-five contested-election cases ;
that from the day when the Republican party
took control of this House there have been one
hundred and thirty-five such cases, exclusive
of those now before the House ; and I am told
that there are now forty-two cases here—more
than two thirds of the number that were brought
here during the seventy years from the founda-
tion of the Government to the time when the
Republican party came into power. It has
been found that it is easier for gentlemen to
come here to get elected than to be elected by
the people of their districts. Hence, more than
forty cases are now here to be disposed of.
It is claimed in the majority report that one
evidence that fraudulent votes were cast for the
setting member is the large increase of votes
at this election. Now, I call the attention of
the House for a moment to the nature of this
increase. The increase of votes from 1867 to
1868 was 2,525. Where did that increase go ?
The Republican increase was 1,537 ; the Dem-
ocratic increase was 988. If those 2,525 votes
were fraudulent, these figures show that the
Republicans got a little more than their share.
Again, I want to call the attention of the
House to former elections in this district.
Mr. ELD111DGE. I would like to ask the
gentleman right here—perhaps it may not inter-
rupt him—whether among all those contested-
election cases there has been one in which the
Democrat or the person politically allied with
the minority of the House had not had the
prima facie evidence of his right to the seat?
Mr. SLOCUM. 1 did not examine that point.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not know but that
the gentleman might have included that matter
in his investigations.
Mr. SLOCUM. I want to call the attention
of the House to prior congressional elections
occurring in the district. In the year 1860 this
same congressional district gave a majority of
149 for the Democratic candidate. That year
Governor Morgan received in that State a ma-
jority of 63,000. In other words, this eleventh
district goes Democratic even when the State
goes Republican by 63,000. Taking that elec-
tion as a basis, how should the election have
gone in 1868, when the State gave 30,000 Dem
ocratic majority? If this district was controlled
by the same influences which controlled every
other congressional district in the State the
majority in favor of the sitting member, instead
of being 300, should have been 4,000, estimat-
ing it on the basis of the election of 1800.
Now, take the election of 1862. In the year
1862 there was a Democratic majority in that
district of 1,754, and the State in that year
went Democratic by 10,000. If this district
gives 1,754 when the State gives only 10,000,
what should it give when the State gives 30,000?
The majority should have been three times that.
Now, come to the next election of 1864.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
iillow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SLOCUM. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENSON. Did the soldiers vote
in 1862?
Mr. SLOCUM. I do not know whether
they did, and it does not matter. You may
trace it back and take up any election you
please, and the figures will show that if anybody
was cheated in this election it was the sitting
member. Take any single election for these
last ten years, and make that your basis, and
you will find that the majority for the sitting
member should have been numbered by thou-
sands. I ask the gentleman to pick out. any
one.
Now, take the election of 1861. In 1864 the
State gave about 8,000 Republican majority.
This district that year gave a majority for Win-
field of 240. Take that as a basis, and take
the State with 30,000 Democratic majority, and
the majority of the sitting member should not
be less than 2,500. There was cheating there;
but it was not on the side of the sitting mem-
ber.
Now, let us come to the election of 1866.
Fenton was elected over Hoffman by 13,789.
This district that year gives Charles II. Van
Wyck 261 majority. Estimate the majority at
30,000 for the Democratic party, and the ma-
jority for the sitting member should not have
been less than 2,000 at this election. So it is
at every election for ten years prior to this
one. A comparison of the figures shows that
if there was any fraud in this district at this
election that at least nine tenths of it must
have been on behalf of the contestant. No
one can examine the papers and have any
doubt about it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to ask
the gentleman another question. I believe
him to be a candid man. Now, does he be-
lieve that any reliable calculation can be made
on the results of elections in the State of New
York?
Mr. SLOCUM. I believethe same influences
control the election in one congressional dis-
trict that control iu another, and if any gentle-
man will watch he will find that the first indi-
cations are generally truthful of the result of
the elections. The same influences controlled
this district that controlled every other one,
and there is no sense in saying, when the State
went 30,000 Democratic majority, this district
should have gone the other way when we know
that it has even gone Democratic when the
State has gone Republican by 30,000 majority.
Mr. STEVENSON. The result of the elec-
tions in New York State depends upon the
result of the election in the city of New York,
and that depends upon how the naturalization
mill runs in that city.
Mr. GRISWOLD. How did the vote stand
in 1869, the next year after this election ?
Mr. RANDALL. The year following tlie
district gave over 700 Democratic majority,
and that was on a very small vote.
Mr. SLOCUM. It has been a Democratic
district even when the State has gone Repub-
lican.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I now yield the floor to
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
for such time as he may wish, not exceeding
thirty minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not yield to anybody
but the gentleman from Wisconsin. I am
willing to yield to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, provided it does not corae out of my
time. " , . ,
Mr. ROOTS. I thought it was understood
that the vote should be taken at three o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That depended upon tlie
gentleman from Tennessee getting the floor.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has the floor,
and has twenty-two minutes of his hour remain-
ing.
