1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5119
what has already been so well said, the immi-
grant coming to this country will find a for-
midable machinery staring him in the face, so
complicated, so unintelligible to his unsophis-
ticated mind, so difficult and offensive in en-
forcement, that he will at last come to the
conclusion that to become a naturalized citizen
of the United States will expose him to all
sorts of hidden embarrassments and dangers,
and the result will be that very many of those
people will find it best for their safety not to
become naturalized at all. That is certainly
not the intention of the honorable Senator
from New York, but it will be the inevitable
consequence.
It seems to me, therefore, that the effect of
the bill now before the Senate will be most
unfortunate in many respects ; and I may say
here to my party friends, although I do nor
look upon this as a party measure, and cer-
tainly it cannot be regarded as such, the pas-
sage of such a bill as this will have a very
disagreeable effect upon public opinion, as far
as the foreign-born population is concerned ;
it will quite seriously injure the popularity of
the party that will stand responsible for it.
I do not say this as if I wanted to have noth-
ing at all done for the purpose of affording a
remedy for the evils that are justly complained
of. On the contrary, 1 am very anxious that
relief be afforded. I highly value the honor
and the immunities of American citizenship ; I
am proud of them. I think also that the for-
eign immigrant, coming into this country should
not object to a little trouble or inconvenience
to acquire that honor and those privileges.
Neither would I shrink from such measures
as would secure the necessary fairness in all
the proceedings of naturalization ; but I insist
that those means should not be unnecessarily
obstructive.
I am indeed anxious to have fraud prevented,
or, if not altogether prevented, adequately
punished. But what can it be V "What can we
do at the present moment? I suppose it is
known to most Senators on this floor what
stages the naturalization bill has run through
already in the Hous% of Kepresentatives.
Three or four bills have been introduced and
discussed there, not one of them as severe and
-restrictive as this is, and they have all fallen,
have been laid on the table, have been referted
back to committees, until finally the House
bill, which is now before the Senate, was agreed
upon. It is frequently said that what the
House of Representatives may think or do
upon a measure is no argument in the Senate.
It may not be under ordinary circumstances,
but I submit that at the present moment it is
an argument.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (in his seat.) It is a very
improper thing to allude to.
Mr. SCHURZ. It is what?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not intend to inter-
rupt my friend; but I will repeat what I said.
According to all proper principle, and accord-
ing to parliamentary law, it is a very improper
thing to allude to, even, as influencing the
action of this body.
Mr. SCHURZ. I did not mean to reflect
upon the action of the House, which would be
improper. I merely desired to refer to_ it in
order to make a statement of fact. We are
now within a very few days of the adjourn-
ment of Congress. If we want to do anything
the House and the Senate will have to agree
upon that thing very soon. It has already been
shown that bills similar to this cannot pass the
House of Representatives. The House of
Representatives has sent us a bill punitive in
its character, which will remedy to a certain
. extent the evils complained of. In my humble
opinion we can do nothing better than to take
that bill just a3 it stands and let it become a
1>> v.
1 agree that it would bo a very proper thing,
citizenship being a matter of national concern,
to make the act of naturalization a national
act. I wish, also, that some machinery could
be devised by which that act would not be
made obstructive. My colleague has intro-
duced an amendment to the substitute before
us, an amendment which I vastly prefer to the
proposition offered by the Senator from New
York. I myself have drawn up some amend-
ments which I might have offered on this occa-
sion but for the reason which I have just
stated. If we want to have anything done, I
think the only thing that can be done is to
accept the bill as it comes from the House of
Representatives; and so I call npon the Sen-
ate not to load themselves, Dot to load the
party down' with an obstructive, offensive, and
therefore unpopular measure, but to take the
good thing that has been offered to us, and the
effect of which will certainly go far to remedy
the evils which the Senator from New York so
justly makes war upon.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to him before he sits
down ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Without expressing any
opinion upon the propriety of introducing into
debates here real or supposed positions or
opinions in the other House, it is very clear
that such positions may properly influence
committees and members of this body indi-
vidually, privately. In that view, I suggest to
the Senator, that as the truth is in regard to the
tax bill and many other bills, so it may be in
reference to this, that if the Senate shall adopt
a substitute or amendments entirely different
from the proposition of the House, even if the
House non-concur, and the measure goes to
a committee of conference, we are quite likely,
as experience has shown, especially at this
stage of a session, to do very much better than
we could hope to do by attempting to reconcile
otherwise'differencesthat theremay be between
the two branches of the Legislature.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think there is a difference
between bills. There are some which abso-
lutely must be passed, and agreement upon
which is, therefore, imperative. There are
other bills, the passage of which is not quite
so necessary, or at least not considered so by
many of our associates in Congress ; and to the
latter class belongs the bill now before us. It
may be a very useful one, but there are a good
many Republicans who believe it is by no means
an absolutely necessary one; and so there may
be great difficulty in agreeing in a conference
committee upon a bill that will be perfectly
satisfactory to both Houses. I therefore repeat
as my opinion that the best, safest, and only
sure thing we can do, in order to obtain at least
some remedial legislation, is to taketheHoase
bill as it stands.
Mr. CASSERLY next addressed the Senate.
Having spoken till five o'clock,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
of five o'clock having arrived, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to remind the Senate that
this is the hour fixed by unanimous consent
for proceeding to vote on this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It was under-
stood that another half hour was to be allowed
if Senators desired it.
Mr. STEWART. No; five o'clock was the
time.
Mr. CONKLING. I think this was the sug-
gestion: the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thuk-
man] was in the act of slating, as the fact was,
that half an hour had been lost by other busi-
ness before this bill was taken up, whereupon,
at the instance of other Senators, I suggested
that if another half hour was required to be
substituted for the lost half hour, when the
time came no objection would be made.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose those opposed
to the bill will not be illiberal enough to occupy
that half hour, but let the Senator having
charge of the bill have a chance to say a word.
No one has spoken in favor of the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. That is one reason why
I rose to suggest that there be another half
hour for debaW.
■ Mr. STEWART. The Senator from- New
York oughtto have a chance to sayBomethiiie.
Mr. CONKLING. Then it i$ understood
that the extension is only for half au hour and
that thirty minutes hence we Vote? ["Yes !"
"Yes!"] Then I will take my ehance. If
the Senator from California does not wish to
occupy all the time I shall take what is left.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should not wish to speak
all the time or any considerable part of it under
the circumstances. I was under a misappre-
hension, and supposed that the time of those
engaged in the "general discussion of the bill
was extended until half past five, and that then
the Senator from New York might have what
time he needed. 1 f that is not the understand-
ing, of course I shall shorten what I have to
say very materially. •
Mr. DRAKE. I would say that ag the first
question that is to be voted upon in connection
with this bill 
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will not consume the little time I pro-
pose to allot to myself now.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to make a suggestion
to the Senator himself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. If ho does not choose to
hear 
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall be very glad to
listen to the Senator's suggestion, either pub-
licly or privately, as soon as I get through
what I have to say.
Mr. DRAKE. It is exactly in reference to
the Senator's getting through that I wanted to
make the suggestion.
Mr. CASSERLY. Well, I will hear the'
Senator if he desires.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wished to say to
the Senator from California that as the first
question to be taken here is on the amendment
which I have offered to the proposition of the
Committee on the Judiciary, I hoped that he
would leave of the coming half hour as much
as five minutes to allow me to explain that
amendment to the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, let me
cut this knot, if I can. I think the Senator
from Missouri has heretofore explained his
amendment very fully. Nobodj', I believe, has
spoken against it. No Senator has yet been
heard in favor of this bill. I have not, although
having it in charge. If the Senator froci Mis-
souri wishes time, after the Senator from Cali-
fornia concludes, I say to him very cheerfully,
I will not stand in his way.
Mr. CASSERLY resumed the floor and con-
cluded his speech, which will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. DRAKE. I will occupy a few minutes
time simply to explain the amendment which I
have offered to this bill.
My first position on this whole subject of
naturalization is that the fundamental princi-
ples of the law need no change. I am of the
opinion that the whole subject of naturaliza-
tion, when it comes to the taking of the final
step, should be in the courts of the United
States and removed entirely from the State
courts, and that this should, if practicable, be
done without imposing any barriers to the at-
tainment of citizenship by aliens; and the
object of this amendment of mine is to brir,g
into shape a system that shall accomplish the
.two great objects of preventing the frauds which
have been perpetrated, and at the same time
planting no obstruction in the way of natural-
ization.
I suppose that there is not one Senator on
this floor who has before him at this moment
this amendment which I propose. I presume
there are not half a dozen who have examined
if; and yet if it does accomplish those two
objects, it is worthy of the attention of the
Senate or of any other legislative body that has
.power to speak on this subject.
The whole system that 1 propose brings nat-
uralization more conveniently to every alien
