330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
Ho. OE BEPS.
The Tariff—Mr. Hay.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
gold. When the tariff of 18G6 was passed it
was confidently thought that it would protect
the growers, yet the price of wool declined.
In the spring of 1867 the duty on cheaf> wool
was larg'ely increased again, but the price of
American wools of every grade fell again. As
compared with 1860 the price of the best fleece
has fallen on an average from 53 cents in gold
to 40 cents in gold, and of the common fleece
from 36 to 29 cents. Can it be possible^ that
any one in view of these facts will longer insist
that these high duties have benefited the wool-
grower? Wool has reached in the past two
years almost the lowest price it ever before
"touched, falling to cents, gold, for Ohio
wools during 18G8, while during the forty years
before the war it averaged 42j% cents par pound.
The Commissioner of Agriculture estimates
that the number of sheep decreased during the
single year of 1868 some 4,000,000 through-
out the country, while other authorities place
the total decrease at 25 per cent, since the
passage of the wool tariff. But ono State—
Missouri—indicates anything like the former
prosperity in this large agricultural interest.
In the State of Ohio within the last two years
half of the sheep have been slaughtered. It
has been said that the strange and extraordi-
nary system of taxation applied to our woolen
interest has but one exact parallel in the his-
tory of modern times, and that was when
Charles V of Spain began the process of ruin-
ing manufacturers in that country in 1519 by
imposing a precisely similar duty to that paid
by all woolen goods imported into this coun-
try, namely, GO cents per pound. The result,
however, has boon more injurious and disas-
trous to our country, for we have not only
ruined the woolen manufacturer, but also the
wool-grower. In 1857 the question of how
our tariff duties should be adjusted on wool
eamc up for discussion in this House. Hon.
V. B. Morton, then a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, who represented
a district composed largely of wool-growers,
made a very able speech on t.he subject, in
which ho traced the history of British legisla-
tion, showing that the same error had been
committed there as here; that afterward, in
September, 1824, Parliament reduced the duty
from 6 pence to 3 penco per pound, and in
December of the same year from 3 pence to 1
penny. The wool-growers were dissatisfied with
this and presented petitions for relief. At that
timo British wool was lower than it had been
for many years, and the wool-growers urged
that the cause of this was the competition of
foreign wool. The administration, at the head
of which was Lord Wellington, refused to intro-
duce any change. The matter was brought, up
again in the year 1829 by the Duke of Rich-
mond. ft was proposed that a tax of !i pence
per pound be loviod upon foreign wool. The
question was taken, and the vote for the motion
was 35, againstit88. In 1844 that great states-
man, Mr. Gladstone, bore testimony to the
wisdom of this decision by showing that low
duties brought much higher prices to the wool-
growers than high duties. Wool is now admit.-
ted either free or at mere nominal duties in
every country in Europe.
In order to satisfy the demands of a few
growers of fine wool in western Pennsylvania,
eastern Ohio, and western Virginia, who pro-
duce but little over 500,000 pounds, a prohibit-
ory duty is laid on foreign line wool, thereby
crippling a very large portion of the woolen
manufacturers of the country, and destroying
the home demand for the other wools we pro-
duce in large quantities. The reason why this
is so is that, our manufacturers, like those of
other countries, must have the wools of all
countries to mix with ours in order to diversify
their manufactures. As I said before, the pres-
ent tariff on fine wools not produced here to
any extent is lOO^per cent, on its cost. The
tariff on manufactured woolen goods of the
same class is only about 50 per cent. The effect
of this is that the finer woolen goods are im-
ported and not the coarser. Previous to the
tariff of 1867 our manufacturers of fine woolen
goods mixed foreign fine wools with our home
product, and could compete successfully with
the foreign manufacturers of similar fabrics.
But as the tariff.on foreign wools is prohibit-
ory, these fine goods cannot be manufactured
so cheaply as they can be imported. Hence
the woolen-mills that were engaged iu man-
ufacturing these goods have been forced either
to make coarser goods or to give up business.
Now, as 66 per cent, ef our wools are used
in the manufacture of fine goods, to the extent
that our woolen manufacturers are restricted
in their manufactures or compelled to abandon
manufacturing altogether, just to that extent is
the home demand for our wools destroyed. Sir,
but a few days ago a petition was presented to
this House, and any member might wellesteem
it an honor to present such a petition, signed by
45 woolen manufacturers of this country, rep-
resenting a capital of more than $15,000,000,
praying Congress to modify the tariff on fine
wools not produced in this country, so that they
might be admitted at a revenue duty. In their
petition they affirm that their business is very
much crippled, and that if their prayer were
granted the wool-growers as well as they would
be greatly benefited. They also enumerate in
their petition 52 articles, including " teasels,"
which are heavily and unnecessarily taxed, all
of which they say are indispensable in the man-
ufacture of woolen fabrics, thereby increasing
largely the cost of the same to the consumer.
In this connection I call attention to the fol-
lowing extract taken from the report of the
commissioners of the United States to the Paris
exposition in 18G7 on wool and manufactures
of wool:
" Tho advantages which tho European enjoys over
tho American in tho command of an unlimited suu-
ply of every varioty of wool cannot bo overesti-
mated. The range of fabrication of' tho American
manufacturer in clotkuu; and combing wools is lim-
ited to the produce of American nooks, under the
almost prohibitory duty upon thoso wools. Tho Eu-
ropean can soleot l'rom tlio peculiar products of every
climate and soil of tho whole world. Hence the in-
finito variety of European manufactures, nnu nonce
the oapaoity ol' thoBuropcan manufacturer to roliove
himself from homo competition by changing at pleas-
ure tho character of his fabric*."
"Sponliing also of tho qualities ot thoGermau and
Australian wools, tho commissioners to the Exposi-
tion (paeo 8) say: 'Without tho command of wool
of this character for filling it is hopeless to attempt
tho nmnufacturo of the best l'aco goods. Our fore i^n
importation of Gorman cloths is mainly confined to
black broadcloths, cassimeros, and doeskins made
from thoso wools. There is not difficulty in com-
manding tho skill required for this manui'actme, as
is evidenced by tho goods exhibited by Mr. Slater,
of Bbode Island. All tho dillicul ties ol manufacture
can bo surmouutcd by tho importation ofUcrmtm
workmen. Several hundred sots of luachiuory could
be occupied here in tho manufacture of these goods
doinanded for homo consumption. The warps, which
could bo luado of such American fleece as is now
grown here, would take up two fifths of the wool
required for tho manufacture. This would be so
much added to tho demand for this character of wool.
The relief afforded to tho manufacturer by being
able to vary his fabrics would diminish the compe-
tition among thoso compelled to manufacture only
ono style of goods, and, giving more profits to the
manipulator of the vrool, would soenro hotter prices
to tho wool-grower.'"
It is said that our tariff on wools and woolen
manufactures is framed to carry out.au arrange-
ment or compact between an association of
wool-growers and an association of wool-man-
ufacturers, the last not representing one half
of the manufacturers in the country, and that
these manufacturers in this arrangement have
about 15 per cent, the advantage. Sir, I am
here to carry out no such compact. After the
repeal of the corn laws the Tory country gen-
tlemen of England, with child-like simplicity,
were used to say to John Bright that if they had
known that the repeal of the corn laws would
have done them so little harm and so much
good they should certainly not have opposed
him and Cobden as they did. I am sure that
in a few years our wool-growers will say the
same to Mr. Wells in regard to his recom-
mendations.
Mr. Chairman, we are told that a high pro-
tective tariff is needed principally for our man-
ufacturers. Indeed, a few weeks since this
House passed a resolution affirming that they
alone of all other classes in this country were
entitled to protection. I have just shown what
the effect of the present tariff has been on
a large number of woolen manufacturers. I
now propose to say something of its effect on
that large class of manufacturers engaged in
tho leather and shoe business. Of the great
and leading branches of American industry the
leather business is the third, as will be perceived
from the following summary statement:
Agriculture $3,282,950,000
Cotton manufactures  'l.fr00,000
AVoolen manufactures  bf>,000,000
Iron production, pig and bar  l Ilj,'jj>0,0fl0
Leather manufactures  2 UGOO.OOO
Itailway servico  '
Fisheries   -  100,000,000
Total $4,223,000,000
Just as the so-called protective duties on
wools have proved disastrous to our woolen
manufacturers, so have the taxes imposed un-
der the present tariff on tho materials entering
into the manufacture of leather and of shoes
injured and crippled these great manufacturing
interests, and to a very considerable extent
destroyed our export in these articles. If I
had lime I could show that these taxes protect
nobody and injure everybody in the country.
This, to my mind, was proved conclusively
before the Committee of Ways and Means by
experienced western leather manufacturers.
These taxes yield but little revenue to the Gov-
ernment, enhance the cost of these articles to
the consumers from $15,000,000 to $17,000,000,
and deprive a large class of workmen of em-
ployment for a considerable part of the year.
It seems to me that all the recommendations
of tho Special Commissioner of the Revenue,
in that part of his report which treats of these
industries, should have been adopted in fram-
ing this bill. The effect of these tariff taxes
is very clearly manifested in its tendency to
build up Canadian interests. During the past
year several large establishments for the man-
ufacture of boots and shoes have been moved
from New England across the line, while in
Wisconsin and Maine the same thing has been
done in regard to the tanning business.
The materials entering into these manufac-
tures are now regularly entered at New York
and Boston and transported over the line, to
be there manufactured. Six years since noth-
ing of this business existed. Another proof
bearing in the same direction is to be found in
tho fact that in the year 1869 the city of Mon-
treal, under all the disadvantages of a river
frozen up one half of they ear, received 0,000,000
bushels more of western grain than it did in
tho year 1866, and the general commerce and
business of the city is reported to have nearly
doubled in the same time.
Mr. Chairman, a question of great import-
ance just now to the American people is the
cost of the production of pig iron. Before
going into this matter I wish to say something
in regard to Hon. David A. Wells, Special Com-
missioner of the Revenue. Congress having
created the office of Special Commissioner of
the Revenue, by an act approved July 13, I860,
the duties and powers of the officer filling it
were more clearly and fully defined. He was
required to investigate into all the sources of
national revenue, and into the best methods
of collecting the revenue; the relations of for-
