4:176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
of ten appointed assistant marshals have accepted.
The same is true, measurably, of all the Pacific States
and Territories.
The marshals ofEansas, Georgia, and Texas report
the utter impossibility of securing proper inea for
the work at the pay of twenty years ago.
Even from Pennsylvania I am daily in receipt of
two, three, or four resignations.
I mention these States only as showing that the
necessity tor some additional provision is general.
On the 21st of March the honorable House of Rep-
resentatives passed a bill, which failed to become a
law, authorizing the Secretary of the Interior, at his
discretion, to allow additional compensation, not to
exceed fifty per cent, upon the rates of 1850. .
This measureof relief would be ample, and would
secure a good census everywhere. It is believed that
it would not be necessary to allow increased com-
pensation to more than one subdivision in live or
six; but lor want of authority to grant it in any caso
tho work is likely to stop, or, m in some sections,
nor even to start.
This is the only piece of work within my knowl-
edge which the Gov eminent is tr>ing to get done at
the prices of twenty years ago. Indeed it should be
stated that in 1850 ami I860 additional compensation,
generally at the rate ot one hundred per cent., was
actually, though without authority of law, paid in
the Pacific States and Territories.
I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
FRANCIS A. WALKER,
tiiLperintcndcnt.
Hon. James A. Garfield,
United Stutcs House of UercaentativcH.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, arid passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed j and
also moved that the motion to reconsider belaid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
15 XT it a COPIES i)V KUUN'IHNCr BU-h.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred, under the law, to the
Committee on Printing:
lU'soloed, That two thousand extra copies bo printed
for the use of tno Uous>o of the bill leportod by the
Committee of Ways and Means to authorize tho
refunding and consolidation of tho national debt,
and tor other purposes.
ORDKll Ot<' MJMNKSS.
The SPEAKER. The hour of half past
twelve having arrived, the House, in pursuance
to previous order, will proceed to tho consider-
ation of the currency bill reported from the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask the House to
order a session for to-night, for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of business
upon the Speaker's table, with the understand-
ing that to-morrow the House will meet at
twelve o'clock.
Mr. GARPlELD, of Ohio. I d esirc the
House to hold a Hussion to-night for debute
only on the currency bill. There are so many
members who desire to be heard upon thai bill
llmt it is neeesMiry to have a night session. I
therefore. ask thai :il. live o'clock the House
shall in la1 a reeess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Half past four
is the usual time for taking a recess.
OHDISR FOR A NICI1T SUPSIOJf.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well. I
will ask unanimous consent for an order that
at half past four o'clock this afternoon the
House shall take a recess until half past seven
o'clock, the session to-night to be for debate
only on the currency bill; no business to be
transacted.
No objection was mado ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
POSTAL COMMUNICATION WITH CUBA.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. 11. No. 2171) to promote postal
und eonmieicial intercourse between the port
of Cedar Keys, in Florida, and Havana, in
Cuba : which was read a first and "second time,
referred to the Committee oil the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
INCJIiiASri! OF BANKING? FACILITIES.
Pursuant to order, the House proceeded to
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1900)
to increase banking facilities, atid for other
purposes.
The SPEAKER. This bill will be considered
as having been read the first and second time.
'The pending question is, "Shall the bill be
engrossed and ordered to a third reading?"
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to enter
a motion to recommit.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is there to be no oppor-
tunity to offer amendments to the bill ?
Mr. RANDALL. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is not in
accordance with the understanding.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I enter the
motion merely to enable the committee to have
control of the bill, not that I intend to cut off
amendments.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to move an amendment before he makes
the motion to recommit?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire now to
suggest that all members wishing to offer amend-
ments may present them daring to-day or this
evening that they may be printed, not that they
shall be considered as pending, but that to-
morrow when wo act 011 tho bill the amend-
ments may all bo in proper form.
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair will suggest to
the gentleman thai if I10 desires that allamend-
ments shall be offered to-day and printed, so
that the House may have them intelligently
before it, then the motion to recommit had
better not he entered till to-morrow, as that
motion cuts off amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am aware of
that.
The SP EA KER. If the gentleman proposes
to allow amendments to be presented during
to day he can at this time give notice of his
motion to recommit.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That motion can be
made at any time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
can make the motion to recommit at anytime.
Of course he has the control of tho bill.
Mr. RA N1)A LL. 1 desire to oiler an amend-
ment now and have it read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I prefer not to
have the time occupied at present with the
reading of amendments.
Mr. RANDALL. By an arrangement which
has been made 1 am entitled to thirty minutes.
Let the time occupied in reading the amend-
ment be deducted from that half hour.
Mr. GAR,FIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
can have his amendment read later in tho day.
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania can have his amendment read
in his own time.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire also to offer an
amendment, the reading of which I will not
ask for at this lime.
Mr. POTTER. 1 also wish to offer an
amendment,.
The SPEAKER. By general consent all
these amendments will be considered as pend-
ing; and the previous question, if moved and
sustained, will bo regarded as operating on all
the amendments in their order.
Mr. INGERSOLL, I desire that the right
shall bo reserved to offer amendments to-
morrow.
The SPEAKER. That is not a matter for
tho Chair to decide.
Mr. INGERSOLL. i am appealing to tho
gentleman who has charge of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I do not understand that the amendments now
proposed are to adhere to the bill and be acted
011 necessarily. My understanding is that it
will be in the power of the House to act on
the bill independent of amendments af'ier the
motion to recommit shall be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enforce
the understanding of the gentleman from Ohio,
who, as the Chair now understands, permits
amendments to be presented simply for inform-
ation and to be printed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainlv.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to that.
Mr. RANDALL. I also object. It is a
very strange and unprecedented proceeding if
we cannot get a vote on our amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I by no means
say thata vote shall not be had on these amend-
ments ; but I do say that the committee ought
to have control of the bill until they can see
the amendments which are offered and act
upon them with some degree of intelligence.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
I insist that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] shall go on with his speech or sur-
render the floor.
'The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
trust I shall have at least the sympathy of the
gentlemen in this House in an attempt to dis-
cuss so difficult and delicate a subject aa the
currency of the country, and especially so
when, probably more now than at any time in
tho history of tho country, there is a chaos of
opinions and a war of theories concerning the
currency, and a perfect war of theories on the
whole subject. If any manshould pass through
this Hall and ask each member to write down
in brief what ho thinks ought to be done with
the currency of the country, and all of those
opinions were collated, it would make a most
singular collection of contradictions. In say-
ing this J make no reflection against the House
or any member of it, but to exhibit the singular
state of opinion, not only here, but throughout
the whole country. After some reflection on
tho subject, 1 do not believe it is possible lor
any man to propose a comprehensive financial
measure that will receive the general assent
of the whole country or any considerable ma-
jority in this House.
Having my own cherished and decided opin-
ions, ami having frequently announced them
hero, I find it impossible to realize my ideas
in any bill which can have the least possible
chance of passing in this House; and so far as
I know the same may be said of every other
member of the'House. Under circumstances
like these it became (he duty of the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency to prepare a bill
to meet as far as possible the manifest demands
of tho country. And in attempting to do this
wo labored under all the difficulties I have
named, with the additional difficulties of in-
structions from this House and resolutions
from the other branch of Congress expressing
opinions diametrically opposite to those of the
Ilouse.
Before entering upon tho consideration of
the bill itself I ask the indulgence of the House
for a few minutes while 1 state a few general
propositions touching the subject of trade and
its instruments ; a few simple principles from
the foundation 011 which rests the whole super-
structure of money, currency, and trade. They
may be thus briefly stated :
First. Money, which is a universal meas-
ure of value and a medium of exchange, must
not be confounded with credit currency in any
of its forms. Nothing is really money which
docs not of itself possess the full amount of the
value which it, professes 011 its l'aco 10 possess.
Length can only be measured by a standard
which in itself possesses length. Weight can
only be mcasuied by a standard, defined and
recognized, which in itself possesses weight.
So, also, value can only be measured by that
which in itself possesses a definite and known
value. Theprecious metals coined and stamped
form the money of the world, because when
thrown into tho melting-pot and east into bars
they will sell in the market as metal for ihe
same amount that they will pass for in the
market as coined money. The coining and
stamping are but a certification by the Govei 
ment of the quantity and fineness of the metal
stamped. The coining certifies to the value,
but neither creates it nor adds to it.
Second, Paper currency, when convertible
at the will of the holder into coin, though not
in itself money, is nevertheless an order for
money, a title to the amount of money indi-
cated on its face, and so long as there is per-
