18^0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Hay.
Ho. of Reps.
eign trade to domestic industry; the mutual
adjustment of the systems of taxation by cus-
toms and excise, with a view of insuring the
requisite revenue with the least disturbance or
inconvenience to the progress of industry and
the development of the resources of the coun-
try ; and to report to Congress from time to
time such modifications of the rates of taxa-
tion or of the methods of collecting the reve-
nues, and such other facts pertaining to the
trade, industry, commerce, or taxation of the
country, as he might find by actual observation
of the operation of the law to be conducive to
the public interest; and in order to enable
liiin to conduct his investigations he was em-
powered to examine the books, papers, and
accounts of any officer of the revenue, and to
•summon and examine witnesses.
The integrity, fidelity, and ability with which
he has performed the duties devolved upon him
are known to all who have read his instructive
and valuable reports. When it is remembered
bow many of his judicious and sagacious rec-
ommendations have been enacted into law
by Congress it is strange indeed that any one
should be found to depreciate his labors. In
it party point of view it should not be forgot-
ten what valuable services he rendered in the
lust presidential campaign. It was he who fur-
nished Vice President Colfax, Hon. E. B.
Washburne, our present minister to France,
and Edward Atkinson, esq., of Boston, with
the facts and figures to refute the extravagant
and false statements of Seymour and the Demo-
cratic press, which, notwithstanding the popu-
larity of General Grant, were for a time so dam-
aging and dangerous to our success. Notwith-
staud i tig the services he has rendered to his party
mid to his country, he bas been pursued with
a malignity unexampled for its bitterness and
unxcrupnlousness. Sir, he has been denounced
nil this floor as a Benedict Arnold; and the
interested advocates of prohibitory duties
'<h- monopolies in their mercenary zeal have
,'barged him with being an enemy to his coun-
try. Sir, I meet thisbaseand infamousaccusa-
lion, recoiling from his spotless character, and
trample it. beneath my feet as worthy only of
foritempl. Although his motives have been
meanly impugned, and he has been assailed
and traduced with all that sordid and vindic-
tive malice can invent, he is still popular with
the great body of bis countrymen. Their ver-
dict to day pronounces that as a faithful public
servant and as a practical statesman and polit-
ical economist lie lias few equals and no superior
in the country.
Mr. Chairman, an article of indispensable
necessity to many of the most important
branches of production is pig iron. The cost
of the production of this commodity has been
a subject of careful, painstaking, and searching
investigation by the Special Commissioner of
the Revenue. And I think it may be safely
said that there ought to bo no doubt in any
candid mind as to what is a fair and just esti-
mate of the average cost of a ton of this arti-
cle. Abraham S. Hewitt, esq., a practical
ironmaster of large experience, in his report
made in 18G8, page 48, as commissioner of the
United States to the Paris Exposition of 1867,
says that the cheapest region for the manufac-
ture of pig iron in this country is on the Lehigh
river, in the State of Pennsylvania, where,
taking coal and ore at their actual cost of
mining, pig iron is produced at an average
cost of $24 per ton. A member of a firm
engaged in the manufacture of pig iron, in a
letter to Mr. Wells, published by him, says
that in any place where a furnace ought to
have been built pig iron can be made for from
$22 to $23 per ton, and that even this price is
too high where competition is fairly opened.
The same writer also says that the English
supply of iron is nearly ended. In a letter pub-
lished in the Pottsville (Pennsylvania) Mining
Journal, of the date of September 2,1869, and
written by George T. Lewis, of Clarksville,
Tennessee, a thoroughly experienced iron man-
ufacturer, and who was once a member of the
firm of Woods, Lewis & Co., Cumberland
Iron Works, a detailed statement, item by
item, is given of the cost of manufacturing in
Tennessee a ton of pig iron, showing it to be
$16 90 per ton.
Anewspaper published at Chattanooga, Ten-
nessee, on the 15th of last February, and sent
here to my address, contains au article on the
subject of the cost of the manufacture of iron iu
the State of Georgia, at the Cornwall Furnace,
showing from figures taken from the books of
Major Thomasson, who has been engaged for
twenty years in the iron business, that a ton of
pig iron can be made there for the sum of
$19 G3: and that if the present duty were en-
tirely abolished, a profit of 55 per cent, would
still be realized. Mr. Lewis, from whom I
have heretofore quoted, also says that the cost
of a ton of pig iron at Nashville, Tennessee, is
$22 00, and he is careful to state in the same
connection that Nashville is not the cheapest
place to make iron, and that it can be made
on the Nashville and Chattanooga railroad and
delivered in Nashville at a cost of $19 per ton.
Professor YVaterhouse, of Washington Uni-
versity, Missouri, in a pamphlet carefully pre-
pared and published on " the Resources of
Missouri," under the auspices of the State
Board of Immigration, and indorsed as accu-
rate by the Governor of the State, and the St.
Louis Board of Trade, and Union Merchants'
Exchange of St. Louis, shows fiom the figuies
taken from the books of the company manufac-
turing iron at Caroudelet that the actual cost
of making a ton of pig iron there is $25. In
the same pamphlet is a letter from the firm of
Brown, Bonnell & Co., of Youngstown, Ohio,
addressed to Mr. Waterhou.se, in which they
state, giving the details, that the cost to them
of making a ton of iron there is $25. At a
meeting held January 18, 1870, at, Albany, it,
was estimated by a well-informed person on
the subject, who addressed the meeting, that a
profit of 35 per cent, could be realized on the
capital invested in the manufacture of iron at
Albany, New York, and that a ton of iron
could be made there for $25 90.
Commissioner Wells says iu his reply to Sec-
retary Boutwell that within twenty-four hours
after the resolution of Senator Scott, of Penn-
sylvania, had passed the Senate asking for the
information and data upon which ho based his
statement in regard to the cost of American
iron in his last report, a gentleman occupy-
ing high public office in the city of Washing-
ton called upon him and was willing to verify
by oath a statement in detail, showing the cost
of a ton of pig iron in the anthracite district
of Pennsylvania to be $23 40. And Messrs.
John Roach & Sons, of the Morgan Iron Works
of New York city, have recently authorized him
to say that, during some business negotiations
carried on during the past season between them
and the agent of the Reading Furnace in Penn-
sylvania, the latter stated that, the cost of pig
iron manufactured by the Reading Furnace did
not- exceed $25 per ton. And a gentleman
who, during the years 18CG, 1S07, and 18B8,
was part proprietor and manager of a pig-metal
furnace in Bucks county, Pennsylvania, ad-
dressed a letter on the 21st of January, 1870,
to Mr. Wells, in which he says the cost of
manufacturing a ton of pig iron there is $22 39.
It must, be remembered that all of these
estimates make a liberal allowance for inter-
est on the capital invested. Now, I maintain
that this strong array of well-authenticated
estimates as to the cost of the production of
iron establishes the fact that at any place in
this country where a furnace ought to have
been built and where iron ought to be manu-
factured the average cost of the production of
a ton of pig iron is from $24 to $26. The
mean market price of the best pig iron in
England for the year 1867-68 was £4 3s. 9d ,
equal to $20 39, or with gold at 133, $27 12.
The average price of the different qualities of
pig iron in the principal markets of this country
is estimated by the American Iron and Steel
Association at $35 25 per ton, while other
authorities place it at an average of from $30 to
$37 50; and during the past year the average
value at the furnaces of the Lehigh valley 1or
the best quality has been $38 per ton. Adopting
the lowest market price, and making allowanco
for the cost 100 of miles of ruihoad transport-
ation, the price of pig iron has been needlessly
enhanced to the American consumers during
the past year to an average of from $8 to $10 ;
the consequence of which is that although the
cost of the production of a ton of pig iron, on
a gold basis, is but a trifle if any in excess of the
average in England, and notmorethau the cost
of production on the continent of Europe, the
consumers in the United States have to pay a
much higher price for it than the people of any
other commercial and manufacturing nation.
When it is considered that the cost of a ton
of pig iron in this country is little if any more
than its cost in the most favored country in
Europe ; that every 100 miles of transportation
costs about $1 50 per ton ; that the supply is
scarcely adequate to meet the demand for con-
sumption; that the present increase in the
demand for consumption is at the rate of
170,000 tons per annum ; that in order to meet
this demand, not only must every existing fur-
nace bo kept in opeiation to its fullest capacity,
but 28 new ones of a capacity of 6,000 tons
each be built every year, involving the invest-
ment of capital to the extent of from $5,000,000
to $7,000,000 ; that, in Great Britain and Bel-
gium the annual consumption of iron has
reached 189 pounds per capita, the present
annual consumption in the United Sitates only
amountingto 100 pounds per capita, and there-
fore likely to be doubled ; that Great Britain
is the only country at the present time that
produces pig iron in excess of her needs so as
to have a surplus for exportation, and that,
the expectation of her being able long to sup-
ply coal for consumption at the enormous rate
of 104,000,000 tons per year is more than
doubtful—1 say when these things are con-
sidered, the pretense that this high protective
duty now proposed of $7 per ton is absolutely
necessary in order to foster and develop this
industrial interest, should not be permitted to
pass unchallenged. Indeed, Mr. Wells has shown
that $3 per ton is ample protection at their
own estimate of the cost of a ton of pig iron
given in the memorial addressed to Congress a
few weeks since by the iron manufacturers. I
have dwelt at some length on this question as to
the cost of the first form of manufactured iron,
for to the extent that its price is needlessly and
excessively enhanced, so is the price of the
other forms of manufactured iron enhanced to
the consumer.
Having said so much in regard to the cost
of the production of pig iron and of the excess-
iveness of the duty proposed to be levied on
it, I will now speak of the importance of having
free iron, and of the effect of the duties on
iron on some of the great industrial interests
of the country.
Mr. Chairman, it is admitted by all that under
our present tariff system this country cannot
compete with other nations in the great business
of ship-building. The iron, steel, lumber, cord-
age, canvas, copper,chains, brass, glass, paints,
oils, varnishes, and all the other articles neces-
sarily entering into the construction of ships,
are so heavily taxed that competition in the
construction of ships has become simply im-
possible. The cost of the construction of an
iron sailing ship of 1,000 tons, old measure-
ment, is $125,000, That of an English ship of
