1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
some benefit. "Without such a committee we
are liable to pursue the same course that we
have pursued during the past year, the House
standing upon their dignity, saying they will
not make appropriations in conformity to treat-
ies sanctioned by the Senate and the President
of the United States, and we claiming that we
will not carry out any other policy than the
treaty policy.
For this reason I havebeen inclined to adopt
this course for the present, and to seeif we can,
by establishing this committee for this session
of Congress, come to an understanding with
the House of Representatives as to what pol-
icy we shall pursue. It seems to me that that
is the wise and proper course. If the Senate
dccide that we shall not have this committee,
and that this contest must continue between
the Senate and the House, I am perfectly con-
tent. I am satisfied that the proper course is
to carry out our treaty_ stipulations with the
Indians and thereby prevent Indian wars. I
believe we have never had a system so cheap
as that was when we made onr regular appro-
priations for the Indians according to treaty
stipulations. Since We have departed from
that system we have been expending larger
sums of money, and they have been expended
with less discretion, in my opinion, than under
the old system. That is the result of my obser-
vation. I believe there is no system so good
as the old one of treaty stipulations. I see no
job, no scheme in this proposition. The Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs see nothing of that
kind in it. If Senators outside of that com-
mittee can see it I think their imaginations
must be very much distorted.
Mr. DRAKE. The resolution, I suppose, is
now open to amendment, ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is open to
amendment, but not in regard to the part which
was put in when it was l'ast considered on the
motion of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmxxxds.] It is open to amendment by add-
ing to it.
Mr. DRAKE. Or striking out that which
was in ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not that part
which has been agreed to by the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir. I move to strike
out all after the word " tribes."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order,
because it proposes to strike out additional mat-
ter besides that which was inserted.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to strike out all after
the word 1' tribes.''
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let us see
how it will read then.
Mr. DRAKE. My motion is to strike out
these words:
And said committee shall have power to examine
witnesses, to send tor persons and papers, and to
employ a elerlt at tlio same compensation allowed a
clerk of a standing committee oi' the Senate.
I see an expenditure of not less than 520,000
in those words, and perhaps double that sum.
Mr. HARLAN, I will agree to strike out
that part of the resolution suggested by (he
Senator from Missouri, that which provides
for the examination of witnesses ; but if the
committee is constituted at all it will need a
clerk. If the Senator will confine his amend-
ment to the matter which relates to the power
to send for persons and papers and to examine
witnesses I will agree to it.
Mr. DRAKE. I have no Objection to that.
Thai is exactly the thing I wish to get at. Then
I move to strike out the Words ''to examine
witnesses, to send for persons and papers,
and;'' so that it will read, "and said commit-
tee shall have power to employe, elerk at the
same compensation allowed a clerk of a stand-
ing committee of the Senate."
'Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
a suggestion, it will be seen at a glance that
the duties of this committee are to be subsid-
iary to the duties of the separate committees
of the two bodies on Indian affairs, each of
which has a clerk. Therefore I suggest that
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—Jno. 144.
it is hardly necessary to increase the clerical
force. My own information and experience
upon that subject is that the elerk of either of
the standing committees might properly enough
be used for the purposes of this joint commit-
tee, aslshould trust and hope that a large por-
tion, or a portion at least, of the members of
the standing Indian Committee of the Senate
would go upon whatever committee it may be
the sense of the Senate to raise. I therefore
suggest that it does not occur to me that it
would be necessary to furnish a clerk for this
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired -
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
indefinitely postpone this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the question of priv-
ilege is before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I ask that half an hour
be given to dispose of this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Vickers] is entitled to
the floor on the question of privilege ; but the
Senator from Nevada asks that by unanimous
consent the unfinished business be passed over
for a few minutes, subject to a demand for the
regular order. If there bo 110 objection it will
be informally passed over.
Mr. DRAKE. I object.
The VICE TRES1DENT. The Senator
from Missouri objects. The question of priv-
ilege is before the Senate, upon which the
Senator from Maryland is entitled to the floor.
EXECUTIVE SCSSION.
Mr. SUMNER. With the consent of the
Senator from Maryland, I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. VICKERS. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland yields to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HAMLIN. That motion is not debat-
nhlA T IIPIIOVP
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish simply to say that
the reasons for an executive session which
existed the other day have passed away.
Mr. SUMNER. No, no.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to go into executive session.
Mr. MORTON. We can vote it down without
the yeas and nays.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well; I withdraw the
call.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rise, if I may
be indulged in doing so, to make an appeal to
the Senator from Massachusetts to withdraw
his proposition for an executive session until
wo can settle the pending question of privilege
in regard to the Senator from Mississippi. It
does seem to me that he is entitled, and the
country is entitled, and the State is entitled to
have that question settled, and settled now.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend will allow me to
state that there is at least one Senator on this
floor, to whom 1 referred yesterday, who pro-
poses to leave for home, I understand, to-night,
and who would like to take part in the discus-
sion proceeding in executive session. I appeal
to the Senate that he should not be cut off
now. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will
now proceed with the executive business, and
when this has been done now on this motion,
I shall not be disposed to renew it again; but
in justice to Senators, and especially to a
Senator who is about to go home, I make the
motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it is made
with that understanding of course I shall not
interpose an objection.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the understanding.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I shall
feel at liberty, as goon as that object shall have
been accomplished in executive session, to
move that the doors be Opened for the consid-
eration of public business.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall be with the Sen-
ator then.
Mr. TIIAYEB. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. This discussion
is proceeding by unanimous consent.
Mr. THAYER. Allow me tb ask the Seh-
ator from Massachusetts if this motion is made
for the purpose of allowing the Senator from
Connecticut to address the Senate, or has the
Senator from Massachusetts toy further pur-
pose? When the Senator.from Connecticut
shall have spoken, will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts then press the matter further to-day,
or will he be willing then to have the db&rs
opened and wc go on with public business?
Mr. SUMNER. It will not be for me to de-
termine that. The whole subject will be in the
hands of the Senate. I only mentioned to the
Senate what I understand to be true, that a
Senator wishes to address the Senate 011 Ihe
pending business before he goes home, and he
wishes to go to-night.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say onljr a
word. On all questions of courtesy I desire
to be as courteous as anybody else. If it is
understood that we go into executive session
only to allow the Senator from Connecticut to
speak I shall vote for the motion, but I think
the most important question now is th6 admis-
sion of Mississippi. Yesterday, with great
good taste, we occupied no time in admitting
the State of Texas, and rrow why can we not
to-day agree to complete the admission of an-
other State? Certainly it is morfe important
than all these other questions. If it is under-
stood that the moment the Senator from Con-
necticut has made his speech in executive ses-
sion we shall come into opeti session again
and take up the question of Mississippi I shall
vote tor the executive session.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
Mr. CONICLING. I ask for a vote on the
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenal.or from
New York objects to further debate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely wish to make
a suggestion. 4
Mr. CONKLING. Very well; I make no
objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely wish to sug'
gest that there bo an understanding that the
subject referred to as pending iu executive
session be not brought up until the return of
the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. FERRY. I think, sir, we are proceed-
ing in a very strange manner, in open session
to discuss who is going to debate a subject
pending in executive session. I certainly have
not desired that the Senate should go into
executive session for the purpose of myself
merely addressing the Senate in executive ses-
sion. I am exceedingly anxious that the Sen-
ate ghall go into executive session and that the
business before the Senate in executive session
shall be disposed of. I think the highest in-
terests of the country require that it should be
disposed of; but I do not like it to be put
entirely on the ground that I want an executive
session for my convenience.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts the Chair
understood the Senator from Missouri to call
for the yeas otid nays.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 withdraw the call for the
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business;
The motion was
to i and after three
and a half hours spent in executive session,
the doors were reopened. .
IIATIPIOATIOST OF SIFSBENTH AMENDMENT. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message of the President, of the United
States, transmitting the, proclamation uy the
