1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4177
feet confidence in the holder that it is a good
title for its full amount it can be used as money
in the payment of debts, Being lighter and
more easily carried, it is for many purposes
more convenient than money, and has become
an indispensable substitute for money through-
out all civilized countries. One quality which
it must possess, and without which it loses all
its title to be called money, is that the promise
written on its face must be good and be kept
good. The declaration on its face must be the
truth, all truth and no lie. If the promise has no
value the note itself is worthless. If the promise
affords any opportunity for doubt, by uncer-
tainty or delay in keeping it, then the note
represents a vague uncertainty, and is meas-
ured only by the remaining faith in the final
redemption of the promise.
Third. Certificates oferedit, under whatever
form, are the most efficient instruments of
trade. The most common form of these cer-
tificates is that of a check or draft.. The bank
is the institution through wliicli the check be-
comes so powerful an instrument of exchange.
The check is comparatively a modern inven-
tion, whose functions and importance are not
yet fully recognized. It mav represent a de-
posit of coin or of paper currency, convertible
or inconvertible, or may, as is more frequently
the case, represent merely a credit, secured, it
may be, by property in some form, but not by
money. The check is not money yet; for the
time being it performs all the functions of
money iu the payment of debts. No greater
mistake can be made than to suppose that
the effective value of currency is not directly
increased by the whole amount of checks in
circulation.
A recent financial writer says :
" Considering the bank note and cliock, both are
promise? to pay, both orders for money nnd payable
on demand, and both, when the holder has faith in
the promise, aro received in payment i'ur debts."
Bonamy Price, the latest English author-
ity on this subject, concludes one of his most
powerful chapters on currency in these words :
" For ray part, let others dwell on note.-*, the num-
bers of their circulation, their tendency to increase
or diminish, their stability and their solvency—let
me rather hca.r of the movements and operations of
tile cheek. The rising flood of chocks, as it is a
sign of theactivity, so also is it the usual mavkof the
profitableness of business; their ebb too surely an-
nounces the drooping resources of commerce. Great
is thenotol admit; but far greater yet is the cheek."
If any one doubts the correctness of tiiis
.position, I call his attention to the remarkable
fact that the bank-note circulation of Great
Britain is no greater to-day than it was thirty-
five years ago. By Sir Robert Peel's currency
act of 1S41 the increase of bank notes was
practically prohibited. In that year the total
volume of bank notes in the United Kingdom
was £39,297,130. In January, 18G7, the vol-
ume was but £38,092,950. Commenting on
this remarkable fact, Ei H. Patterson, a Scotch
writer, in a recent work entitled the Science
of Finance, says:
"Though the note circulation has remained sta-
tionary tor more than a quarter of a ccntury, yet
within that time the trade of Enaland has more than
treb! ed; her exports and imports have increased lrom
£130,000,000 to £120,000,000.
" Bills, the commercial currency by whie a I; ertra de
is carried on, have doublodin amount, and her bank-
ing deposits have increased fivefold, having risen
from £80,0®),000 to £400,000,000.
" The means by which this progress has been ac-
complished have been the extension ol banking, the
increased use of commercial currency, (bills,,) and,
most of all, the development of tho chock sjstem,
and the establishment of tue clcarin^-house. In |
truth, money, whether in. the form of bank notes or
coin, hardly plays any part in the process oy -winch. [
our rapidly-expanding trade is facilitated, or even m
the transactions of banking. Startling as the fact may
^eem, not more than five per cent, ot banking irans?-
actions are made either in note3 or com. Of the in-
numerable payments into banks, constituting depos-
it* and of the equally numerous drafts upon ban^s,
or demands for repayment of these deposit?, ninety -
live per cent, (as has already been shown) are in the
iorrn. of checks jmd bills; only live per cent, being m
monev, i. e., notes or coin." ' '
"Money, whether bank note? or com, now consti-
tutes merelv the retail currency of the countrythe
medium in which we pay for the small wants ot the
day ; for our dinner and cabs, our railw:i> tickei and
41st Coxa. 2d Sess.—No, 2G2.
petty purchases in shopping. All elso is done by
means of checks and bills. These cheeks and bills
aro the great moving powor, the form in which all
the larger purchases of goods and property aro
made, notes and coin being only needed for potty
payments.—Pages 35 and, 86.
For the year ending October, 1869, the total
exchanges through the New York clearing-
house amounted to §87,407,000,000, and the
cash balances were about $1,120,000,000, being
but little more than three per cent, of the total
transactions. And even this small ratio of
balances is paid mainly by checks and by a
transfer of accounts. Every year witnesses
some new device by which the use of actual
money is economized.
1 would not for a moment lose sight of the
great first necessity of all exchanges, that they
be measured by real money, the recognized
money of the world; nor of that other neces-
sity next in importance, that bank notes or
Treasury notes should represent real money;
should be of uniform value throughout the
country, and should be sullicient in amount to
effect all those exchanges in which paper
money is actually used. 1 would keep con-
stantly in view both these important factors.
But that is a superficial and incomplete plan
of legislation which docs not include in its pro-
visions for the safe and prompt transaction of
business those facilities which modern civiliza-
tion has devised, and which have so largely
superseded the use of both coin and paper
inon e).
The bank has become the indispensable
agent and insti anient of trade throughout the
civilized world, and not less in specie-paying
countries than in those that aro cursed by an
inconvertible paper currency. - Besides its
function of issuing circulating notes it serves
as a clearing-house for the transactions of its
customers. It brings the buyer and seller to-
gether, and enables them to complete their
exchanges. It brings debtors and creditors
together, ami enables them to adjust their
accounts. It brings the capitalist and the
tradesman together, and oilers facilities for
credit far beyond the mere issue of its notes.
It, collects the thousand little hoards of unem-
ployed money, and through loans and discounts
converts them into active capital. In the lan-
guage of Professor Bowen, in his Political
Economy, just published—
"A bank is a reservoir which collects in amounts
available for use the rain-drops which would othei-
wise bo tost by disper,-don; a,nd it brings borrowers
and lenders together, knowing that their respective
wants can be supplied by concert and previous
arrangement. Tlio two lc£atiniatci sources from
which the bank can make loans are its capital and
deposits.'' ■ '
"But the unction will bo asked, how can the
bank sai> ly make u*e of the &ums thus depo-iled,
seeing that any number off hem are Jiabto to be with-
drawn at any moment? The answer is easy. The
bankcould notsafely use the capital if it had but one
depositor, but having many—hundreds, perhaps—it
can safely employ tbo whole average amount of the
deposits in discounting notes for us own prolit; as
expeiieneo shows that their avel-ago amount cou-
tuiucs with little iluctuation, the daily withdrawals
by one set bcirs constantly made up by tresh deposits
from another set."—Jlmccu, pa;:cs ?A !, ohi.
I find there are still those who deny the doc-
trinc that, batik deposits form an effective addi-
tionto the circulation. But let us see. Abatik
is established at a point thirty or forty miles
distant from any other bank. Eveiy man
within that circle has been accustomed to keep
in his pocket or safe a considerable sum of
money during the year. That average amount
is virtually withdrawn from circulation, and
lor the time being is canceled, is dead. After
a new bank is established a largo portion of
that average amount is deposited with the bank
and a smaller amount is carried in their safes
and pockets. 'These accumulated deposits
placed in the bank, at once constitute a fund
which can be loaned to people who need credit.
At least four fifths of the average amount ol
deposits can be safely loaned out, tlins convert-
ing dead capital into active circulation.
But the word deposits covers far more than
tile sums of actual money placed in the bunk
by depositors. McLeod, in his great work on
banking, says:
" Credits standing ill bankers' books, from what-
ever source, are called deposits. Hence a deposit,
in banking language, always means a credit ill a
haulier s books in exchange for money or securities
tor money,"— Vol. 2. p. 267.
Much the largest proportion of all bank
deposits are of this class, mere credits on tho
books of the bank. Outside the bank these
deposits are represented by checks and drafts.
Inside the bank, they effect settlements and
make thousands of payments by merely being
transferred from one man's account to that of
another. This checking and counter-checking
and transferring of credit amounts to a sum
vastly greater than all the deposits. No stronger
illustration of this can be found than in tho curi-
ous fact that all tho heavy payments made by
the merchants and dealers in the city of Am-
sterdam for half a century were made through
a supposed deposit which had entirely dis-
appeared probably some fifty years before its
removal was detected. Who does not know
that the $600,000,000 of deposits reported every
quarter as a part of the liabilities of tho
national banks are mainly credits which tho
banks have given to business men.
The $200,000,000 now supposed to be depos-
ited in tho banks of New York never existed
there at any one time, nor even tho fifth part
of it. About four fifths of the deposits are con-
stantly loaned out to customers. The declared
deposits in the Boston banks are about fifty mil-
lion dollars, and the mere shifting of credit of
this sum in the banks wipes out two or throe
hundred millions of indebtedness every week.
After alluding to this latter fact, Professor
Boiveti remarks ■'
"Tho relative amount of the bank circulation, or
of tho specie reserve, has nothing to do wilh this
result, any more than it has with tho position of tho
planets, tor the whole prooess might go on undis-
turbed it there wcro not a, specie dollar or a paper
dollar in existence,"
If the analysis I have attempted to make of
the piinciples which govern trade and business
be correct it will aid us in ascertaining the
wants of the country and in determining what
legislation is necessary to meet the demands of
business.
Mr. Speaker, 1 shall venture to hope that
those who have honored me with their atten-
tion will agree that a mere supply of currency,
however abundant, will not meet the case;
coin and currency form only the change—the
pocket-money of trade. For the great trans-
actions which the marvelous energies of our
people are carrying on they need and will de-
mand that greater instrument of modern in-
vention—that credit currency, properly secured
and guarded, which takes the forms of checks,
drafts, and commercial bills. And this brings
me to the question, how is the country row
supplied with currency and with these oilier
facilities for tho transaction of business?
It ought to be understood everywhere that
the groat injustice done to the eastern and
southern portions of the country by the present
distribution of currency and banking facilities
is so flagrant that it will not much longer be
endured; and if the wrong be notsoon righted
the overthrow of tho national banking system
is inevitable.
In entering upon this question of the present
distribution of our currency aud banking facili-
ties 1 am met by our philosophical friends, who
say, " Put the currency-wherever you please,
and like water on the top of the mountain it
will find its level: tho distribution, therefore,
makes no difference, as the currency will neces-
sarily find its natural place."
Mr. Speaker, I recognize the truth asserted,
but insist that it is not applicable to the case
in hand. 1 offer in answer the fact that t he
distribution of banking facilities under the
State system before the war is a better test ol
the wants of business than the present distri-
bution, Look at the facts. Jn 18(i0- til in
eleven of the southern and southwestern States
