84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
Senate votes for or against its passage at a par-
ticular time.
Now, it seems to me that there is a singular
felicity in misfortune here, if the attempt is
really to establish a mode of arriving at any
correct conclusion as to who should and who
should not be exempted from disability ; but to
refer this bill now again to the committee, to go
through the formality of reading these names,
or the further formality of having some mem-
ber of the committee inquire of somebody else
whether he knows these persons or how many
he knows, and then to have the bill reported
back, while it may preserve the form and the
show of regularity, to my mind offers no guar-
antee whatever of additional security or caution
in legislation.
Therefore I said, Mr. President, that it
seemed to me a vote either way upon the mo-
tion to refer would be practically safe, because
this bill with all these names is destined to re-
ceive the approval of the Senate; and the prac-
tical question is whether it shall receive that
approval now or not until after this formality
has been complied with. I wish that I might
conclude that in lieu of such a result we could
adopt some system, we could establish some
mode, some tribunal, to reside either in the
respective States or to reside elsewhere, before
which and by which an intelligent determina-
tion could be reached, sifting these names and
discriminating between those who ought and
those who ought not to receive the proposed
clemency. As it is, under a system like this,
the enterprising, the active—I will not say the
pushing and the unscrupulous, but the active
and enterprising, those who see to it that they
are first relieved in this regard—are the men by
selection who first of all receive this clemency.
I can very well understand that the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Furry] advocates the
broad and somewhat extreme ground which he
does as a substitute, consistent at least for so
imperfect and precarious, and necessarily so
partial and arbitrary, a mode as this.
Hence, Mr. President, I shall vote to refer
the bill or to consider the bill now, as the ques-
tion may be first taken. I believe that the
motion is pending to refer it, and, as I said,
whatever may be the fate of that motion it
seems to me the practical result will bo the
same. The remedy for the whole thing, I sub-
mit, is to determine either once for all, if that
be the_ pleasure of the Senate, to abolish all
disabilities or else to establish some mode of
coming to a corrcct determination.
Mi-. SUMNER. Mr. President, the debate
in its latter stage has originated on a motion
made by me, therefore 1 shall be pardoned
for one word of comment.
The Senator from New York announces
that the passage of the bill substantially as it
is now is a foregone conclusion. It may bo
so 
Mr. CONKLING-. Is it not so ?
Mr. SUMNER. I say it may be so; I am
inclined to think it is so; and I admit that that
is one reason why there should be no delay
now. If the reference of this bill to a com-
mittee would result in its immediate report in
the same terms, and then its adoption by the
Senate, I see at once that the occasion for a
reference is not so great as I had supposed at
first.
Ilien, again, one of our masters in parlia-
mentary law here, who has had experience in
that chair, announces that in this Senate dis-
order is order; in other words, that this Senate
never follows its own rules, never follows any
principle of order in the transaction of busi-
ness, but follows disorder. I know not that
the Senator from Maine is not right. I do not
venture to differ from him on that point from
my own experience here. His experience has
been long-continued on the floor and also most
honorable, sir, in the ehair which you now fill.
I am reminded, therefore, by that suggestion
that there is another reason why there should
be no question of order on this occasion.
And then, again, let me add, besides, that I
have been pressed most kindly by Senators on
this floor to withdraw the motion that I have
made and to allow an immediate action upon
the bill. Under these circumstances, taking
these different points into consideration and
the appeals that have been made to me, Mr.
President, I now withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts withdraws his motion, and the
bill will be reported to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate^ without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall this bill
pass ? By the Constitution its passage requires
a two-thirds vote. [Putting the question.] In
the opinion of the Chair it has passed by a
two-thirds vote. It has passed by the requi--
site constitutional majority.
STATE 0]? GEORGIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the bill (S. No. 3)
to enforce the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution and the laws of the United States
in the State of Georgia, and to restore to that
State the republican government elected under
its_ new constitution, which was postponed to
this day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator wish
to have the bill referred ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was about to move that
we proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill isbefore
the Senate, having been postponed till this day,
and it now comes up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, after con-
sultation with many gentlemen who have the
same object in view that I have—to take some
measure in reference to Georgia—I have
thought that we can meet a concurrence of
opinion, and so have harmony of action as to
the method of accomplishing what we all de-
sire, much_ better by recommitting this bill,
together with the amendment offered by my
friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpexter,] and
together with the bill introduced by the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] to
the Committee on the Judiciary, who will be
able to examine it to-morrow and to report, I
trust, the next day. I therefore move that this
bill, with the amendment, and also Senate bill
No. 281, introduced by my friend from Indiana,
be committed to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several executive messages were received
from the President of the United States, by Mr.
Horace Porter, his Secretary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
_ The motion was agreed to ; and, after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 8, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ALEXANDER J. AT00IIA.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 446) to amend an
act entitled "An act for the relief of Alexan-
der J. Atocha," approved February 14, 1865;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
DEBT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. MOREELL, of Pennsylvania, bv unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 447)
to fund the debt of the United States at a lower
rate of interest, to make the national banking
system free, and for other purposes ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COX. I move the reference of that bill
to the Committee on Banking and Currency,
and I ask for the reading of the rule.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order, and the gentleman can only reach his
point by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. COX. Then I make that motion. By
the rules of the House that bill should go to
the Committee on Banking and Currency. If
the rules were read that would be seen beyond
a doubt.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not enter-
tain the motion for reconsideration, which is
not in order, the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Stokes] having the floor. If the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] desires it his
motion can be entered.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is the motion to recon-
sider pending ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The Chair does
not understand the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Stokes] to yield for that purpose. But
it is competent for the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] to enter his motion.
METEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. PAINE presented the following resolu-
tion ;
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to inform this House what State Legislatures have
ratified the proposed fifteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States.
The resolution was agreed to.
INDEPENDENCE of CUBA.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. I present
the following resolution, which I desire to be
committed, and made a special order for next
Tuesday:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives par-
ticipates with the people of the United States in the
deep interest which they feel for the success of the
republic of Cuba, struggling to establish its liberty
and independence; and that it will give its constitu-
tional support to the President of the United States,
whenever he may-deem it expedient, to recognize
the sovereignty and independence of said republic.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stokes] yield for that resolu-
tion ?
Mr. STOKES. Not if it is to create dis-
cussion.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. I wish the
resolution committed, and made a special order
for Tuesday.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
a. c. twining.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 448) for the relief
of A. C. Twining; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Patents.
burlington and missouri river railroad.
Mr. PALMER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 449) to authorize
the Burlington and Missouri River Railroad
Company, or its assigns, to change the estab-
lished lme of said road in the State of Ne-
braska; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
J. It. HARDY.
Mr. ROGERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 450) to remove polit-
ical disabilities^ from J. H. Hardy and others,
m the State of Arkansas; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee oil Reconstruction.
•edwakd P. johnson.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution (EL R.
No. 79) for the relief of Edward P. Johnson;
