1346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
had not been legally naturalized, and were
cast for Mr. Greene. Mr. Speaker, it may be
possible for some gentlemen of this House, on
the strength of such testimony, to reject these
votes; and if the rejection shall change the
representation of that district in this House
they may be able to justify themselves in making
that change. But, Mr. Speaker, I can find in
that testimony no solid ground upou which to
plant myself in giving a vote in favor of deduct-
ing these 50 ballots from the poll of the sitting
member, or giving his seat in this House to the
contestant.
I pass now to the third ward of the city of
Newburg. The testimony is to be found on
page 44. It is the evidence of John Corwin:
" Question. Did any person in your ward vote last
fall who got naturalisation papers last fall?
"Aniieer. Yes, sir.
" Question. How many?
"Answer. I think about nine or ten.
" Question. Did you examine any of the persons
presenting; naturalization papers procured last fall ?
"Antwer. Yes, sir.
" Question, Whatdidsome of them state as to how
long they had been in this country and as to being
sworn when they got papers ?
"Answer. One man that I remember of distinctly
stated that he never had his first papers, never
'declared his intention,' and came to this country
when he was twenty-two years of age; had been here
more than five years; said some one had told him at
tho court-house he could get his papers if he had
been here five years; that he had a right to vote. I
asked him what he had sworn to when he got these
papers; he said he did not swear to anything, they
did not ask him anything. We refused to register
him on that ground; at the second meeting of the
board he came back again and presented his papers
and said he had made a mistake in presenting his
papers before; that he came here uuder eighteen
years of age. I asked him then when he came to
this conntry. I don't remember the month he gave,
it was either Jane or July, 1864, according to his own
testimony. We did not register him then, lie did
not vote at the last election."
Here is all the proof of illegal voting in
the third ward of the city of Newburg; and
on thiB the committee reject 9 votes said to
have been cast in favor of the sitting member.
The witness does not name a man who voted
in that precinct for Mr. Greene and who was
illegally naturalized. He does indeed speak
of a man who was illegally naturalized, but he
declares that he was not registered, and did
not vote. He thinks that nine persons voted
there who obtained naturalization papers in
the fall of 1868. But, sir, there is no evidence
so definite or so precise as to warrant me
rejecting those votes. Where is the proof that
in these persons1 were illegally naturalized?
Where is the proof that they voted ? Where is
the proof that they voted for Mr. Greene ?
I pass now to the fourth ward of the city of
Newburg. Th6 evidence relating to this ward
is to be found on the page 37 of the papers
in this case:
"Question. Before the last two registration days,
and on those days, did you ascertain how many men
in your ward had been naturalized at Newburg last
fall?
"Antwer. I did.
"Question. Did you get a list of them ?
"Antwer. I did.
"Question. How many?
"Antwer. Over fifty.
"Question. Where did they get their papers?
"Answer. At the county court at Newburg, in
September and October.
' Question.Mero they all challenged?
"Answer. Principally.
"Question. By whom 1
'Answer. By Hugh Topping and Ohiistopher
Schroeder. .
"Question. Were they Republicans?
"Answer. Yea.
"Question. How many voted ?
"Answer. I think fifty-one or fifty-two.
"Question. What ticket did they vote?
. "Antwer. Democratic.
"Question. Did you take the tickets?
"Antwer. I did, as inspector."
Then certain questions were proposed to the
witness respecting one Simon Murphy, and on
the cross-examination it was shown that Mur-
phy did not vote. Then a list is given of nine-
teen names of those who, as the witness alleges,
voted in violation of the law; but he was cross-
examined respecting these persons for the pur-
p9.se of showing whether they had or had not
the right to ypte. The cross-examination shows
that Or thh thirteen persons who were exam-
ined on oath when challenged at the polls, all
except one, and that one Carboy, were men
who were entitled to legal naturalization, and
if they were not lawfully naturalized, failed not
because of personal incapacity for legal natu-
ralization, but because the technicalities of the
law were not complied with by its officers.
And, sir, there is not a shadow of proof that
these men whose names he mentions, much
less the fifty thrown out from this poll by the
committee, had been unlawfully naturalized,
and after being unlawfully naturalized had cast
their votes, and cast them for Greene, the sit-
ting member.
But I will not detain the House by reading
the whole of the testimony in regard to that
ward. I can find no ground upon which I can
base the vote for the rejection of that precinct.
If my time permitted, I would go through all
the precincts and show the proof in each case.
But I see I have only a moment left. I say
again, as I said at the outset, that while my
mind is perfectly satisfied there was a large
amount of illegal naturalization, of naturaliz-
ation in violation of the forms of law, when
I come to look at the testimony I fail to find
tangible legal evidence sufficient to warrant
the House in giving the contestant this seat.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I now rise
to call the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. The resolution I offered
is proposed as a substitute for the majority
report.
Mr. BURR. What will bo the order of vot-
ing if the previous question be seconded?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
be seconded, the first vote will be on the report
of the minority committee ; next on the prop-
osition submitted by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall;] and finally on the
report of the majority of the committee.
Mr. BURR. I rise to a parliamentary ques-
tion. Will the gentleman from Tennessee,
after the main question is ordered, yield to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, so that he may be
allowed to finish his speech?
TheSPEAIvER. Thatisnotaparliamentary
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Butleu] is entitled to one hour in
which to close the debate.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin a question. What will
be the result if the two precincts which he says
should be rejected are thrown out?
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Ohio
asks me what will be the result if the two pre-
cincts are thrown out which I think ought to
be thrown out. The result would be to throw
out 260 votes. Deduct 260 from 323, the
official majority, and'leaving out of view the
34 illegal votea alleged by the committee to
have been cast for the contestant, you would
give a majority to the sitting member of 03.
Mr. LAWRENCE. What will be the result
if the other precinct is thrown out?
Mr. PAINE. That precinct gave, I believe,
a majority of 105 which if added to the 260
will make 365, giving a majority of 32 to the
contestant.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Do you find enough
illegal votes for the contestee outside these
three precincts to change the result if they be
rejected ?
Mr. PAINE. I think, if I am to answer
these questions, the gentleman from Tennessee
should give me a few minutes in which to do so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Teunessee. I should like
to do so ; but I must resume the floor.
The SPEAKER. Who does the gentleman
from Tennessee yield to ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I yield for
five minutes to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Churchill.]
Mr. RANDALL. I understood the gentle-
man to yield ten minutes to me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. If the gen-
tleman will take it now he can do so.
Mr. RANDALL. I will take my ten min-
utes now, and will yield one half of the time
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine j
Mr. PAINE. Unless to answer some qufs-
tions put by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] I would not like again to intrude
on the House. I believe the returns of these
two precincts ought to be thrown out. But
while I agree entirely in the legal views of my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] it seems
to me that the allegations of fact in the plead-
ings in this case were such that we ought not
to disfranchise three lawful voters for the pur-
pose of excluding one illegal vote. That we
should do if we should reject the returns them-
selves ; and therefore I insisted and still insist
that upon the pleadings as they stand if we
throw out the returns of those two precincts
we ought to allow each party to prove by wit-
nesses the number of legal votes actually cast
for the parties to the contest; and not, by
sweeping out the entire polls and refusing fur-
ther time to take testimony, to disfranchise all
the legal voters of the two precincts.
Now, in answer to the gentleman from Ohio,
I will say that if you reject these three pre-
cincts you have at once a majority for the con-
testant. If you reject two of them only, and
leave out of view the contestant's 34 illegal
votes, you leave a majority of 03 for the sitting
member; and I will say to him that the most
careful scrutiny of the testimony in this case
has not enabled me to find enough votes clearly
proven to have been unlawfully cast for the
sitting member to give the contestant his seat
even if you should reject two of the precincts.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, if I were
to consult my own convenience, or perhaps the
interests of the sitting member, I would not
make any further argument in his behalf after
the overwhelming testimony in his favor which
has been given by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Paine.] Still there are one or
two points in this case to which I wish to direct
the attention of the House.
Much has been said as to the illegal and im-
proper and fraudulent issue of naturalization
papers as developed by the testimony in this
case. I wish to call the attention of the House
to this fact: that there is not from the begin-
ning to the end of the evidence anything which
goes to show that any of these people who were
trauduleutly naturalized, or alleged to have
been fraudulently naturalized, voted, except
at one poll, where I think three or four votes
will cover the aggregate of those who are proven
to have voted upou these supposed illegal
papers. And you are asked, iu the absence
of any testimouy whatever, to throw out votes
which the proof does not show to have been
cast.
Further, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] has shown you that the
majority claimed by the committee for the con-
testant, namely, 139, is reversed by a single
poll, which they improperly endeavor to con-
vince the House should be thrown out; and
proceeding a step further in the same direc-
tion, I desire to call the attention of the House
to another poll, the poll at Middletown. The
majority of the committee ask you to throw out
that poll of 100 votes. Now, that is the town
where the contestant resides. I ask, is it
likely, is it in the least degree probable that in
the very town where the claimant to tbe seat
resides anything of a fraudulent character in
behalf of his opponent would have taken place?
But on what sort of evidence are you asked to
throw out that poll? You are asked to throw
it out on the evidence of Joseph Crawford and
Herman B. Young. Now, I ask you to follow
me while I show what sort of witnesses these
are and what is their character. The evidence
shows that Joseph Crawford and H. B. Young,
two active working Republicans of the village
of Middletown, where contestant then stayed,
were the committee on naturalization for the
