2290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
Secretary of State of the ratification of the
fifteenth constitutional amendment. The proc-
lamation was read, as follows:
Hamilton Fish,
Secretary of State of the United Slates.
To all to whom these presents may oomc, greeting.'
Know ye, that the Congress of tho United States
on or about the 27th day of February, in tho year
1869, passed a resolution in tho words and figures
following, to wit:
"A resolution proposing an amendment to tho Con-
stitution of tho United States,
" Jlestoloed by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of bothliousesconeurrinff.) That the fol-
lowing nrticlc be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of tho United States, which, when ratified by throe
fourths of said Legislatures, shall bo valid as part of
tho Constitution, namely:
"Article XV.
"Section 1. The right of citizens of tho United
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by tho
United States, or by any State, on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
" Sec. 2. The Congress shall have power to en force
this article by appropriate legislation."
And further, that it appears from official docu-
ments on file in this Department that the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States, pro-
posed as aforesaid, has been ratified by the Legisla-
tures of the States of North Carolina, West Viiginia,
Massachusetts, Wisconsin,Mnino, Louisiana,Michi-
gan, South Carolina, Pennsylvania, Arkansas, Con-
necticut, Florida, Illinois,Indiana, New York, New
Jlampshiro, Nevada, Vermont, Virginia, Alabama,
Missouri, Mississippi, Ohio, Iowa* Kansas, Minne-
sota, Rhode Island, Nebraska, and Texas, in all,
twenty-nine States;
And further, that the States wIkho Legislature*
have so ratified the said proposed amendment con-
stitute throe fourths oi the whole number of States
in the United States;
And further, that it appears from an official docu-
ment on iilo in this Department that the Legislature
of tho State of New York has since passed resolutions
claiming towitlulraw the said ratification of the said
amendment, which bad been ntndo by the Legisla-
ture of that State, and of which official notice had
been filed in this Department;
And further, that it appears from an official doc-
ument on file in this Department that the Legisla-
ture of Georgia has by resolution l.itified the said
proposed amendment:
Now, therefore, be it known that I, Hamilton Fish,
Secretary of State of the United States, by virtuo
and in pursuance of tho second section of the act of
Congress, approved tho 20th day of April, in tho
year 1818, entitled "An act to provide for the public-
ation of the laws of tho United States, and for other
purposes," do hereby certify that tho amondment
aforesaid has become valid to all intents and pur-
puf*e.saii part of tho Constitution of tho United States:.
In testimony whereof T have hereunto set my hand
and caused theseal of the Department of State to bo
affixed.
Dono at tho city of Washington this 30th day of
March, in the year of our Lord 1870, and of
[l. s.] tho independence of the United States tho
ninety-foui tb.
HAMILTON FISH,
The message was read as follows :
To the Senate and House of Jtcprescatatives :
It is unusual to notify the two Houses of Congress
by message of the promulgation, by proclamation
of tbc Secretary of State, of the ratification of a con-
stitutional amendment. In view, however, of tho
vast importance of the fifteenth amendment to tho
Constitution, this day declared a part of that sacred
instrument, I deem a departure from tbo usual cus-
tom justifiable. A measure which makes at once
four million people voters who were heretofore
declared by the highest tribunal in the land not citi-
zens of the United States, nor eligiblo to become so,
(withthe assertion that "at the time of tho Declar-
ation of Independence the opinion was fixed and uni-
versal in the civilized portion of tho white race,
regarded as an axiom in morals us well as in politics,
that black men had no rights which the white man
was bound to respect,*') is indeed a measure of
grander importance than any other one act of the
kind from the foundation of our free Government to
the present day.
Institutions like ours, in which all power is derived
directly from the pcoplo, must depend mainly upon
their intelligence, patriotism, and industry. I call
the attention, therefore, of the newly-enfranchised
race to the importance of their stnving in every
honorable manner to make themselves worthy of
their new privilege. To the race more favored here-
tofore by our laws I would say, withhold no legal
privilege of advancement to the new citizen. The
trainers of our Constitution firmly believed that a
republican Government could not endure without
intelligence and education generally diffused ainoug
the people. The "Father of his Country," in his
Farewell Address, uses this language: "Promote
ihen, as a matter of primary importance, institu-
tions lor the general diilusion of knowledge. In
proportion ns the structure of the (rovcrnmcntgives
force to public opinion it i.J essential that public
opinion should be enlightened." In his fust annual
message to Congress the mum view;, arc iurciMy
presented, and are again urged in hi.-! eighth message.
I repeat that tho adoption of the fifteenth amend-
ment to tho Constitution completes the greatest civil
change and constitutes the most important event
that lias occurred since tho nation came into life.
The change will bo beneficial in proportion to tho
heed that is givon to the urgent recommendations
of Washington. If those recommendations were
important then, with a population of but a few mil-
lions, how much more important now with a popu-
lation of forty millions and increasing in a rapid
ratio.
I would therefore call upon Congross to take all
the means within'their constitutional powers to pro-
mote and enoourage popular education throughout
tho country; and upon the people everywhere to see
to it that all who possess ana. exorcise political rights
shall have the opportunity to acquire the knowledge
which will make thou* slvare in the Government a
blessing and not a danger. By such moans only can
tho benefits contemplated by this amendment to the
Constitution boseeurod.
XT. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, March 30,1870.
Mr. THURMAN moved that the message be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLIN G moved that the message be
laid on the table and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
ihe Senator from New York takes precedence.
The question is on that motion.
Mr. THtTKMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were oidcred ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 48, nays 8 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler,Cole. Conkling, Corbctt, Cragin. Drake, Fonton,
Ferry, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
Howell, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont. Morton, Nyo, Oshorn, Patterson,
Poiuoroy, Pool, tlamsey, Hovels, ltico, Ross, Sawyer,
Sohur/., Seotl, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Tluijer, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—IS.
NAYS—Messrs. ]>ayard, Casserly, Davis, Norton,
Sdulsbury, Stockton, Thurnian, and Vickers—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carpenter, Kdmunds. Fowler,
Hamilton, Howe, Johnston,Lewis, MeCrcery, Pratt,
llobettson. Spiague, Tipton, and Yates—13.
So the message was ordered to bo printed
and to lie on the table.
. kecomiuittal of a iut,l.
Mr. ANTHONY. This morning, while I
was out of the Chamber for a few minutes, the
bill (S. No. 644) to incorporate the United
States Freehold Land and Emigration Com-
pany, and to confirm certain legislation in Col-
orado Territory, was reported back adversely
by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr, Howard, J
from the Committee on Territories, and indefi-
nitely postponed. This is a bill in which some
of my constituents, men of high respectability
and position, are interested. With the assent
of my friend from Michigan, I move that the
motion to indefinitely postpone be reconsid-
ered, and that tho bill be recommitted to the
Committee on Territories.
The motion was agreed lo.
MKSSAUK If ROM TIIE IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 1002) donating the marine hospital
at Natchez, Mississippi, to the State of Missis-
sippi for educational purposes ; and ajointres-
olutiou (Ii. R. No. 218) expressing the sym-
pathy of Congress at the death of Major General
George II. Thomas 5 in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 1598) to facilitate the administration
of justice in the State of Texas ; and it was
thereupon signed by the Vice President.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 28th instant,
copies of reports made by the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, dated respectively October
9 and October 28, 1808; which was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, ofVennont,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 30, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
major general george ii. thomas.
Mr. RANDALL, iask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution (H. R. No. 219)
expressing the sympathy of Congress at the
death of Major General George H. Thomas.
I do not think it will take up much time.
There was no objection; and the joint reso-
lution was read a first and second time.
The Clerk read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Be it resolved, <£c„ That tho Senate and House of
Representatives have hoard with deep regret of the
sudden decease of Major General George H. Thomas,
endeared to the country by a series of unbroken
patriotic services during a period of thirty years. #
Sec. 2. And be it farther resolved. That his distin-
guished career in the defense of his country against
loreign and domostio enemies, his never-faltering
faith and zeal in tho maintenance of the Union and
tho integrity of th e Government, and his stern execu-
tion of every trust confided to him, constitute a rec-
ord in life made memorable in death.
Seo. 3. And be it further resolved, That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and tho Speaker of the House are
herewith authorized to make such arrangements in
connection with his obsequies aswill attest the sym-
pathy of Congress at this national bereavement.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, having in
the early period of the war served immediately
under General Thomas as a non-commissioned
officer, 1 have deemed it not inappropriate to
offer this resolution. No word of mine can add
luster to his record. His heroic deeds are in-
separably interwoven with the history of our
country. I do not desire to occupy the atten-
tion of Congress any further, and if no mem-
ber wishes to be heard on the joint resolution
C will ask for a vote.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
distilled spirits and tobacco.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported a joint
resolution (II. R. No. 220) declaratory of the
true intent and meaning of section onehundred
and seven of the act entitled "An act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, aud for
other purposes," approved July 20,1868 j which
was ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
15lias c. boudinot.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, from the
same committee, also submitted a report in the
matter of the memorial of Elias C. Boudinot,
for relief as a Cherokee Indian under certain
treaty provisions and excise tax laws; which
was ordered to be printed and recommitted.
alaska.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 1G57) for extending the land
laws of the United States over the territory of
Alaska; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
custom-house, charlesxown".
Mr. DIXON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported back
House bill No. 348, to provide for the construc-
tion of a custom-house at Ckarlestown, West
Virginia; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
marine hospital, sew orleans.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, by unani-
mous consent-, introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 221) authorizing tho Secretary of
the Treasury to dispose of the United States
marine hospital and grounds in the city of New
Orleans, Louisiana : which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
