8284
THE OONGRESSlONilJj GrLOBB.
May 4,
Ways and Means is the same as that fixed by
the Committee of the Whole upon "steel of
circular shape, cut or hammered to pattern."
If there is to be any uniformity in our notion,
if we are to have any regard to what we have
already done with reference to other varieties
of steel of the same general character, quality,
and cost, the rate proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means is certainly not too high.
Some gentlemen seem to think it a matter
of course that they must attack the rate of
duty proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means, whether it be high or low ; and I ven-
ture to say that if the committee, instead of
reporting cents per pound, had proposed
on this article a duty of $10 per ton, the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Jngersoll] would
have insisted on reducing it to at least $7.
Mr. FARN8W OUTH. Will the gentleman
from Tennessee give me some information on
a point in reference to which be must be well
informed, and that is whether any steel car
wheels have been imported into this country
thus far?
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand they have.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. To what extent?
Mr. MAYNARD. I cannot tell the num-
ber of wheels or the number of pounds, as I
have not the figures by me. They come in as
non-enumerated manufactures of steel. The
introduction of steel for railroad purposes is of
recent date. It has been introduced into the
manufacture of rails, car wheels, and locomo-
tives within a few years. The introduction of
it for making car wheels for railroad purposes
is of comparatively very recent origin.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. If it be of recent
origin, and the manufacture has grown up in
this country nnder the present tariff, eo that
very few or none of these car wheels have
beeu imported, is there any reason why at this
time we should increase the rate of duty?
Mr. MAYNARD. I have not stated that
there were none imported.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I am told by gentle-
men they are not imported.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 am told by gentlemen
who know that they are. I am not an importer
myself. My information is they are imported,
and imported quite largely.
[Here the hammer fell. J
The amendment was, by unanimous consent,
withdrawn.
Mr. CO BURN. I renew it, for the purpose
of making a few remarks on this question.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Matnard]
says that out of the present duty steel manu-
factories are doing well, and there has been in
this country a largely increased production of
steel. If the steel manufacture has increased
rapidly nnder the present rate of duty, why not
let it remain as it is ? Why increase it? If they
are furnishing these articles so as to cheapen
transportation to the great mass of the people,
why add to the existing duty? If they can
undersell the foreign manufacture, if we can
get these articles so much cheaper from our own
steel producers, and this fortunate state of
affairs has resulted from the present rate of
duty, what good reason can be given for mak-
ing the duty so high as this bill proposes? The
gentleman suggests that steel of this character
is worth about 10 cents per pound. The duty
at 45 per cent, ad valorem would leave the
value of steel in the market over and above the
duty at 6| cents per pound. At the proposed
rate of 3 J cents per pound the duty will be over
63 per cent. I do not see any reason why we
should add any additional burden of thatkiud
in the building of railroads, and thus increas'
ing the eost of transportation.
Gentlemen argue here that it makes no mat-
ter what it costs to build a railroad, whether
it costs $10,000, $40,000, or $50,000 a mile,
because these railroads are monopolies, and
made so by help of the. people, and that the
eost of transportation will be the same, no
matter whether the cost of building the railroad
has been more or less. An argument of that
kind is absurd. The co6t of transportation
does depend upon the cost of building the rail-
road. A railroad which costs ouly $10,000 a
mile to buiid it, and which can procure car
wheels and other materials at a like cheap rate,
as in other branohes of business, can afford to
charge for transportation at a much less rate
than if the road and materials cost from $40,000
to $50,000 a mile.
The railroads of the country will be run
with less margin, with more care and economy,
and with reference to their cost hereafter.
The laws of trade and acts of legislation will
j authorize and regulate their fares and freights;
and it is idle and useless to say that the cost
of these roads and of their transportation will
1 not enter into the calculations in fixing their
charges upon the people for their use. Cheap
wheels are au important element.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Imoveanamendmeut, to
add three quarters per cent. I wish to close
the debate, and I will yield a portion of my
time to gentlemen who have not been heard
and desire to be heard. Before doing so I
wish to set myself right in regard to the re-
marks which I made. 1 wish this rate of duty
to be just what it ought to be, no more and
no less. We reported what we considered
right. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Inger-
soll] proposes to reduce it. It is proposed to
reduce it for the benefit of the consumer, and
the consumer ts the railroad company. He
says that that operates, however, immediately
on the people. So far as it does so that is an
argument; but what I have marveled much at
is to see a sort of monomania here on the sub-
ject of manufactures of different kinds, as if
they were so much the monopolies of the land
that everything else might be left out of sight.
Now, manufactories are no more monopolies
than any other accumulation of capital for in-
dustrial or other purposes. Everybody can
compete with them. You can build one man-
ufactory alongside the other; and even if a
manufactory is conducted by an incorporated
company, they have no right to exclude others
from establishing the same business in their
immediate neighborhood.
It is not so with railways. The railway cor-
porations occupy their ground by charters, and
frequently they are without any competing line,
and it is next to impossible to get one. estab-
lished. And therefore it was that I called the
attention of gentlemen to the fact, that while
they are raising a clamor about the monopoly
exercised by manufactures, in escaping Scylla
they are running into Charybdis, and legislat-
ing against manufactures in order to legislate
for the benefit of railroads. For the railroads,
while they exercise their monopoly by means
of legislation, are not often apt to let the people
get the benefit of the low price of any of the
materials which they purchase. I now yield to
my colleague, [Mr. Garfield.1
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I desire simply to call the attention .of the com-
mittee to one or two facts. The Committee of
the Whole have put down the duty on cast
steel to 2} cent3 per pound, except where it is
cut in peculiar shapes, and then the duty is 3^
cents. Now, car wheels made of cast steel,
admitting that they are made of the ordinary
steel and not of the Bessemer, are simply cast
in molds. They are a very heavy form of
manufacture. The proposition as it stands
here in the printed bill is to put them at 3}
cents per pound, being 1£ cents per pound
higher than the duty on hammered or rolled
bar steel provided for in the bill as passed upon
by the committee.
Now, if the propositions in the bill should
prevail with regard to the duties on the other
forms of steel, the 3 J cents per pound provided
for car wheels will be much higher than the
average of the duties on other forms of bar
steel. It seems to be out of proportion to any-
thing now in' the law on the subject of steel.
Everybody knows that locomotive tire steel is I
of a much higher quality than cast car steel,
and requires a much more costly process to
produce it. Under the present law, which has
been the law since 1804, the duty on locomo-
tive tire steel is but 3J cents, and that rate is
so prohibitory that but $1,300 worth of it was
imported last year, according to the report of
the Treasury Department.
I ask the attention of the committee to an-
other point. I ask, is it necessary to single out
by themselves for a specific duty these car
wheels which hitherto have always b«en in-
[ eluded in the residuary class of " steel not other-
wise provided for?" They were not so siugled
out in the bill which passed the House in 1866,
butdidnotbecomealaw. Ithas not been thought
necessary in any law hitherto to pick out car
wheels by themselves and put a specific duty
on them, and I see no good reason why they
should have this eminence given them. But,
as they have been made the subject of a dis-
tinct paragraph, I hope the rate will be put
down to correspond with the rates which we
have fixed for other forms of steel. In accord-
ance with the understanding on which the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
yielded me the floor, I now move that debate
on the peuding paragraph be closed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope we
shall have ten minutes more.
Mr. HAWL^EY. I understood the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schehck] to agrite that
ten minutes should be allowed after his col-
league had closed.
Mr. SCHENCK. To give the opportunity
desired by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr,
Hawxey,] and other gentlemen, I shall say
fifteen minutes, and now move that all debate
on the pending paragraph be closed within that
tune.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to say
only two or three words in reply to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Yesterday, in advocating the enormous duty
on steel rails, he took the ground of an advo-
cate for railroads. He cited as an argument
in favor of the 2 cents per pound on steel rails,
the authority of officers of ninety different rail-
roads.
Mr. SCHENCK. Xsaid they were satisfied.
Mr.- BROOKS, of New York. He stated
further that those officers represented .22,000
miles out of the 55,000 miles of railroad in
this country. The main force of the gentle-
man's argument turned on this point, that the
railroads of the country were willing to have
the increase, and advocated the increase, in
order to have a cheaper rail. To-day he takes
quite differentground. In endeavoring to avoid
both Scylla and Charybdis, in my judgment he
tumbles into both. For to-day bis argumeut
is a denunciation of all the railroads as monop-
olies, while yesterday he argued for those mo-
nopolies and brought them to his aid. In
my judgment, he has not only fallen into the
Scylla and Charybdis of the ancient classics,
but he has "jumped Jim Crow" of the mod-
ern. classics, too, on the subject of railroad
monopolies.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the reply to all the
arguments of the gentleman from Ohio is this,
that the cheaper you can build railroads the
greater will be the number of competing liues.
Nor is it true, as he alleges, that the railroads
between the Atlantic and the West, by which
all the produce of the West is transported to
the East, are exclusive monopolies. There are
four rival lines existing, and I hope I shall live
to see twenty, if rails are cheap enough and car
wheels and frogs and bars are cheap enough to
enable them to be constructed. The existing
lines, which are constantly competing with
each other, are the New York Central running
through Canada; and Canada, by the way, is
going to take away much of our transportation
under their free-trade system, with no tax upon
railroad iron, no tax upon frogs nor upon steel
bars. They are going to take away a large
