5122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will count the Senate if a further count is
demanded. ["It is."]
Mr. STEWART. Let me make a- state-
ment 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not until
the Senate is coun'.ed. The Chair will count
the negative. Those in the negative will rise.
After counting the Senate, the PRESIDENT
pro tempore declared that there was no quorum
voting.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. Now, before the vote is
taken, I wish to state that if that question,
which is another question altogether, is intro-
duced now to be voted upon, without giving a
word of explanation, I shall not be bound by
any agreement, because this is another propo-
sition; it does not relate to the subject of the
original bill. It is a separate proposition. If
that is to be put on this bill, then we are not
bound by any arrangement, because it is neces-
sary that the Senate shall know what they are
voting for and how they are voting before this
is voted upon. 1 desire to be heard, and must
be heard on a proposition of that character,
which we of the Pacific coast have more knowl-
edge of than others here. I shall not be bound
by any agreement if it is to be acted upon now
and put upon this bill. I shall desire to be
heard upon it before it is voted on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has no power to enforce the agreement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will set no such example as that, by
insisting that lie will not be bound by an under-
standing. Everbody knows what this means.
Mr. THURMAN. It has been printed on
our tables for months.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts offers it now, does he not see the
effect?
Mr. SUMNER. The proposition has been
here four years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The^ Senator from Ne-
vada cannot afford to set this example.
Mr. STEWART. Bat this is bringing in
another bill. I want to submit this proposi-
tion to the Senate: here are two distinct bills
pending, involving altogether different prin-
ciples ; does an agreement to vote at a certain
time upon one bill bind the Senate to take up
another bill and put it upon that bill without a
chance to say a word? I undertake to say that
it is not germane, and upon that point I have
a right to be heard. The proposition was that
we should vote on a bill to regulate natural-
ization as to persons now entitled to receive it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to ask my
friend a question. He says that this in prin-
ciple is different; will he state how?
Mr. STEWART. I say it is not germane.
There are two different propositions. The
proposition that we agreed to vote upon was
simply a proposition to regulate naturalization
among the persons now entitled to naturaliza-
tion. The proposition introduced by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is to extend naturaliza-
tion to a different class involving a different
subject, and it is well known here that it will
be discussed, and discussed thoroughly. It is
a separate bill, one that has been kept separate
by the Judiciary Committee, and we are not
bound by the agreement when that is sought
to be attached 
Mr. WILSON. Let us vote.
Mr. STEWART. Do not put it on this bill.
Mr. WILSON. Let us vote.
Mr. WILLIAMS, (to Mr. Wilson. ) This is a
matter that you will find of more consequence
than yoa imagine. I want the people of Mas-
sachusetts to understand that Massachusetts
Senators are here trying to 
Mr. WILSON. I am not going to vote for it.
Mr. DAVIS, I move to lay the whole bill
on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the
Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FOWLER. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Mr. Abbott.] If
he were here he would vote "nay" on this
proposition, and I should vote "yea."
Mr. VICKERS. My colleague [Mr. Hamil-
ton] and Mr. Osboiw have paired off on this
question. The latter would vote against and
the former for this motion.
The result was announced—yeas 17, nays
30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Corbett, Davis,
Howe, Howell. .lohnston, McOreery, McDonald.
Morton, Robertson, Ross, t >ra«ue, Stockton, Tiiur-
maii, Vickers, and Williams—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, lioreman, Carpenter,
Chandler, Conkling, Cragui, Drake, ICdmunds, Fen-
ton, (rilbert, llainhn, Harlan, Harris, Kcllogs, Lewis,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Revels, lliee, Schui-7,. Seott,Stewart. Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, and Wilson—SO.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Ames, Urownlow,Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Cattell, Cole, ferry, X^lanagan,
Fowler. Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Howard, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye. Osborn,
Pool. Pratt, Sanlsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer,
Willey, and Yates—25.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] to the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
j?er. J
Mr. MORTON. One word. This amend-
ment involves the whole Chinese problem. Are
yon prepared to settle it to-night?
Mr. STEWART. Without discussion.
Mr. MORTON. And without discussion?
The country has just awakened to the question
and to the enormous magnitude of the ques-
tion, involving a possible immigration of many
millions, involving another civilization, involv-
ing labor problems that no intellect can solve
without study and without time. Are you now
prepared to settle the Chinese problem, thus
in advance inviting that immigration? I am
not prepared to do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will take them five
years to bo naturalized.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ch-air
will remark forthe last time that the Chair has
no power to enforce the agreement which was
made by the Senate. What that agreement
was Senators know, and it is for them to observe
it or to violate it.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Chair has the same
right that he has to euforce any rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is not aware of his power to enforce any agree-
ment of this kind.
Mr. SUMNER. If I understand_ that ac-
cording to the agreement I have no right now
to reply to the Senator from Indiana, I shall
be silent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The agree-
ment was that at half past five o'clock voting
was to commence without discussion, but the
Chair is not aware of any way in which he can
enforce the agreement. If the Senator from
Maine will point out a way the Chair will be
very happy to apply it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose that an agree-
ment of the Senate as to its course of action
has in all respects the force of one of its rules.
We did not vote it, but we agreed to it unani-
mously, and that is the rule of action under
which we are to act now. That is my view of
it, and about that I have no earthly doubt.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish that was so; but
the Journal shows nothing of the kind. It
never shows any of these agreements. It is an
honorable understanding among Senators that
must be measured by every man's conscience.
Mr. TRUMBULL, That is my understand- !
ing of it. The Presiding Officer reminds the j
Senate of the understanding, and it is to be |
presumed that every Senator will observe it. i
Mr. SUMNER. I then shall forbear reply;
but perhaps I may be indulged in one word.
The Senator says it opens the great, Chinese
question. It simply opens the question of the
Declaration of Independence and whether we
will be true to it. "All men are created
equal," without distinction of color.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to say, sir, that
I am very unwilling even to seem to object to
any obligation laid upon me as a member of
this body. This is a question of honor, as the
President has properly intimated. But I sub-
mit to the Senate whether this amendment,
brought in here at this late hour by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and which, if that
obligation is to be observed, must go through
without a word said by a human being, is at
all within the spirit of that agreement. The
agreement was that we would take the vote.
The vote upon what? The vote upon the bill
of the Senator from New York, with such
amendments as were then proposed, or such
amendments as had a general likeness to that
bill or its title. -Here is something entirely
different. The Senator from Nevada is per-
fectly and completely right in what he said.
It is not in accordance 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore rapped with
his gavel.
Mr. CASSERLY. lam talking in order, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was rapping for order, not to interrupt the
speaker.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is not in accordance
with the agreement; it is in distinct, positive,
and clear violation of it—not intentional, of
course. It violates the spirit of that agree-
ment. Why, sir, there never has been a more
important or momentous proposition than this
brought forward in the Senate, as everybody
knows; certainly not to our coast; and the idea—
I put to every man's common sense and sense
of justice and sense of propriety—that upon
an agreement to take a vote at five o'clock on
the subject-matter that we had before us this
can be brought in, and that the Senators from
the Pacific coast are to permit it to pass and
be dumb as sheep before the shearer, is too
monstrous; it shows that I must be right when
I say that it is in clear and utter violation of
the spirit of the agreement.
Mr. WARNER. If one thing is in order
another is. Certainly no Seuator will be slower
to violate an honorable agreement than I shall;
but it must be plain to everybody that there
must be some limit to that agreement. If
under the pretense of getting an agreement to
vote upon one question the Senate can be
forced to vote upon any possible question that
can be introduced here without debate, then
unanimous agreements are out of the question.
Mr. MORTON. We will have no more of
them.
Mr. WARNER. It must be clear to thfe
mind of every Senator again, I say, that it is
not fair now to bring the Senate to a vote with-
out debate upon this question ; and therefore I
shall vote against it and vote to vote down the
amendment without reference to its merits; and
I think that the Senate ought to vote in that
way.
Several Senators. That is right.
Other Senators. Yotel Vote!
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has made a proposition here with-
out giving any notice to the Senate 
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I gave notice three years and a half
ago, and at last the Judiciary Committee have
reported in favor of it.
Mr. CORBETT. A great many Senators
have taken their seats since that time.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will not
insist on speaking. Let us vote.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to say that
I hope the Senate will vote this amendment
down unless they will let us diaeuss the ques-
tion.
