1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
COMMITTEE ON REVISION OV THE LAWS.
Mr. POLAND. I present the following reso-
lution, and move that it be referred to the
Committee on Accounts:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revision of the
.Laws oi the United States be authorized to em-
ploy a clerk during tho remainder of tho present
session of the Forty-First .Congress, who shall be
paid. dollars per day while Congress is in session.
The motion was agreed to.
soldiers' homesteads.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved,^ That the Committee on the Public Lands
be and is directed to inquire into tho expediency of
so amending the homestead laws as to authorize all
persons who have been soldiers in tho Union Army
or seamen in the Havy to sccure one hundred and
sixty acrcs of land, instead of eighty acres, as now
authorized, for a homestead out of tho alternate scc-
lons or land embraced within the area of railroad and
other land grants but owned bytho Government, and
that said committee report by bill or otherwise.
duties on coal.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. ft. No. 451) to abolish duties
ou coal; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
plymouth harbor, massachusetts.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
.Resolved, Thatthe Secretary of War bo directed to
transmit, for the information of this Houso, any and
all reports or communications that may bo in tho
possession of the War Department relative to tho
protection and improvement of Plymouth harbor,
Massachusetts.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. DOCKERY. by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. Ii. No. 452) for tho re-
moval of disabilities of the citizens of the State
of North Carolina; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to tho Committee on
Reconstruction.
JAMES FLUGATE.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 45!i) to increase the
pension of James Flugate; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
MAIL ROUTES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 454) to establish
certain mail routes in the State of California;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
CEREAL AND OTHER CROl's.
Mr. SARGENT also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (IT. R. No. 455) to
procure and disseminate information of the
extent of cereal and other crops of other coun-
tries ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Agricul-
ture.
REMOVAL 01" DISABILITIES.
Mr. BUCKLEY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 450) to remove
political disabilities; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
LAKE SUPERIOR SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 457 ( extend-
ing the Portage Lake and Lake Superior ship-
canal to Keweenaw bay, providing for the
right of way and making a grant of lands to
aid in the continuance of said extension;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 458) con-
cerning duties on imports ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
miss mary baldwin.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 459) for
the relief of Miss Mary Baldwin, of Tennessee;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
NANCY COBB.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, also introduced a bill (H. R. No. 4C0)
for the relief of Nancy Cobb, of Tennessee;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
CLERK FOR COMMITTEE ON MINES.
Mr. FERRISS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted tho following resolution; which was
read, and referred to the Committee on Ac-
counts :
Resolved, That the Committee on Mines and Min-
ing be authorized to employ a clerk, to be paid tho
usual compensation of clerks of committees.
AMENDMENT OF PENSION LAWS.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 401) to amend the
pension act of Jaly 27, 1808; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ELECTION OF TERRITORIAL OFFICERS.
Mr. CAYANAUGH, byunanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R*. No. 402) to provide
for the election of certain territorial officers
by the people; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Territories, and ordered to be printed.
TAXATION OF SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
Mr. MUNGTCN, byunanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means:
I'ctohfd, That tho proportyofpoldiei-sand sailors
who fought and put down thorobpllion be oxompted
from luxation to tho Eamo extent that the property
of bondholders bo now exempted.
CAPTAIN DOMINICK LYNCH.
Mr. O'NEILL, byunanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (II. R. No. 80) for the
restoration of Captain Dominick Lynch, of the
United States Navy, to the active list from the
reserved list; whieh was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Aflairs.
REVISION OF THE LAWS.
Mr. McCISARY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 403) supplement-
ary to and amendatory of an act entitled "An
act to provide for the revision and consolidation
of the statute laws of the United States,"
approved June 27, 1800 ; whieh was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revision of the Laws of the United
States.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the
various votes of reference just taken ; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I now call for the regular
order of business.
ArrOINTMENTS ON COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. Before the regular order
is proceeded with the Chair desires to make a
statement.
Owing to the fact that the Forty-First Con-
gress was organized at the March session, and
all the committees then appointed, there are
some twelve or fourteen gentlemen now mem-
bers of the House who have no place whatever
upon committees ; nor is it within the power
of the Chair to assign them any places. Upon
the organization of the Fortieth Congress,
in March, 1807, the appointment of commit-
tees, it will be remembered, was postponed
until the regular December session, thus put-
ting all members of the House on the same
footing as they were under the usage of the
olden time, when the first session of a Con-
gress began on the first Monday of December.
In the present circumstances the Chair is abso-
lutely unable to give these twelve or fourteen
gentlemen any assignment to committee ser-
vice, or to accord to them any voice in the
shaping of legislation, unless the House should
accord to the Chair the privilege, under these
exceptional circumstances, of adding at his
discretion a tenth member to a committee in
such cases as he may deem it wise to do so.
If there be no objection to this proceeding the
Chair will crave this privilege on behalf of
those members who are not now upon any
committees.
Several Members. Agreed.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I would suggest that
this matter be referred to the Committee on
the Rules.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not
intend to object to the suggestion of the Chair,
but I hope, if the House should grant this
authority, the Speaker will improve the oppor-
tunity by adding a Democratic member to the
Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] object to the prop-
osition submitted by the Chair?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rose for the pur-
pose of suggesting that this matter be referred
to the Committee on the Rules. I think it very
probable that there is a necessity that some
additions should be made to the committees;
but the question, it seems to me, is one that
should properly be considered by the Commit-
tee on the Rules, of which committee the
Speaker is chairman. I would suggest, there-
fore, such a reference of the subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswobth] will not insist upon
that proposition, because it would seem to look
at something like a permanent arrangement of
the committees in the manner suggested. As
I understand the explanation of the Speaker
ho finds himself embarrassed temporarily be-
cause of the present condition of the House in
this Congress, and he therefore asks the unani-
mous consent of the House to assign, at his dis-
cretion, to each of a number of committees a
tenth member.
But if the matter is submitted to the Com-
mittee on the Rules and they are to report on
it there is in the first place some delay, per-
haps, about it. If there is to be such action
as will make a sort of permanent arrangement,
then I must object. I move to amend so that
by order of the House the Speaker shall at hi_s
discretion be allowed to make assignment of
any of the members now unassigned as tenth
members of standing committees of the House.
Mr._ FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I do
not wish to bo understood as objecting to the
proposition, but I thinkthat the Committee on
the Rules should make another disposition of
the matter. Wo have some committees which
are obsolete except on paper. A great many
of the committees of the House never meet.
They have no local habitation or home; they
have only a name. The committees of the
House, then, ought to be revised. Many should
be dropped, and new committees ought to be
formed. It seems to be absurd for us to con-
tinue from year to year and from Congress to
Congress to appoint committees which never
meet and never have anything to do. I do not
object, but merely make this suggestion.
Mr. WELKER. I have a resolution whieh
will meet the purpose, which I ask the Clerk
to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Speaker of the Houso be author-
ized to add such number of members to any of the
committees of this House as he may deem proper
and neoessary for the public service.
Mr. COX. It is very clear, Mr. Speaker,
