1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2291
REMOVAL or POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. PAINE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction to report back, with
an amendment, Senate bill No. 596, to relieve
certain persons therein named from legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes.
The bill relieves two citizens of Virginia
from political disabilities. They ought to have
been included in the bill passed the other day,
and their names were only omitted by mis-
take. The amendment adds the name of
another gentleman from Virginia. I happened
to bo chairman of the sub-committee of the
Committee on Reconstruction during the For-
tieth Congress, and this name was brought to
my attention by Governor Thomas, of Mary-
land, and it was agreed by the committee that
it should be included in the bill then passed,
but through some mistake it was omitted, and
has never been inserted in any act. 1 am
acquainted with the whole merits of the case,
but will not detain the House by stating them
at length.
Mr. ARNELL. I insist on the regular order.
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order.
The Committee on Reeonstruction are author-
ized to report at any time.
Mr. ARNELL. I shall move to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. PAINE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The bill was read. It provides that all legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States, by reason of participation in
the late rebellion, shall be removed from the
following persons, namely, Henry B. Harns-
burger, Rockingham county, and Nicholas K.
Trout, Augusta county, in the State of Virginia.
The amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction was as follows:
Amend the bill by adding thereto the name of J.
\Y. Ware, of Clarke county, Virginia.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall the
House second the demand for the previous
question on the bill and amendment?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
inquire of the gentleman from Wisconsin how
many pardons are peddled out by this bill?
Mr. PAINE. The bill includes only three
names.
Mr. COX. What is the special object of
pardoning these three people?
Mr. PAINE. I have already explained that
to the House. As regards the two persons whose
names are included in the bill, they now hold
office in the State of Virginia, and by an over-
sight they were omitted from the bill we have
already passed to relieve persons in Virginia
of their disabilities. As regards the third,
there is a similar mistake. The Committee on
Reconstruction recommended to the House for
relief from his disabilities the man whose name
is inserted in this amendment, and it was in-
serted in the bill, but by some clerical mistake
it fell out.
Mr. COX. I desire to inquire further whether
the Committee on Reconstruction ever intend
to present a general amnesty bill?
Sir. PAINE. The chairman of the com-
mittee has already explained to the House his
purpose in that respect.
Mr. COX. A bill for that purpose was
reported some two months ago, I believe, but
there is no sign of any further action being
taken on it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg to
assure the gentleman that whenever the tariff
bill is disposed of we propose to press that bill.
Mr. COX. I am very happy to hear it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wouldasjfcthe
gentleman from Wisconsin whether he thinks
there is any better reason for pardoning men
who hold office than for pardoning the hun-
dreds of thousands who do not hold office?
Mr. PAINE. There maybe some meti who
hold offico whom I would rather see pardoned
than those who do not; but of course I would
not be in favor of pardoning a man just because
he holds office.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 71, noes 19; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Paine, and Mr.
Brooks of New York.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 96, noes 15.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; which was first on
agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
^The question recurred on ordering the bill
as amended to be read a third time. •
The House divided; and there were—ayes
99, noes 16.
So the bill was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read a third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, called for the
yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 12, noes 86 ; not one fifth of those present
voting affirmatively.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
question of order. How can the Chair ascer-
tain, if the yeas and nays are not taken, that
the bill has passed by the necessary two-thirds
vote?
The SPEAKER. It is so presumed, unless
the gentleman questions it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I question it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the
question.
The question was put; and on a division,
there were—ayes 109, noes 1G.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I understand
the Chair to have decided that it is not neces-
sary to take the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chairhas announced
the decision of the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Have we not
a right to the yeas and nays under the Consti-
tution and the law?
The SPEAKER. There is no law giving
such a right. It is only necessary that two
thirds shall vote in the affirmative. And it is
as easy to ascertain, without taking the yeas
and nays, that two thirds have voted affirma-
tively as that a majority have done so.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
admission 01? texasi
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Reconstruction, reported back
the bill (H. R. No. 1536) to admit the State
of Texas to representation in the Congress of
the United States, with the amendment of the
Senate thereto, with the recommendation that
the House concur in the amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Page 5, line nine, strike out all after the word
" State" to the end of the bill, as follows:
Provided farther, That this act shall not affect in
any manner the conditions and guarantees upon
which the State ot Texas was annexed and admitted
as a Stale. «
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
briefly to explain the amendment. The House
will remember that the State of Texas was ad-
mitted with some fundamental guarantees and
conditions because it was an independent State
at the time of its annexation by joint resolu-
tion. One of those conditions and guarantees
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
"New States of convenient size, not exceeding
four in number, in addition to said State of Texas,
and having sufficient population, may hereafter, by
the consent of s?tid State, be formed out of the terri-
tory thereof, whioh shall be entitled to admission
under the provisions of the Federal Constitution;
and such States as may be formed out of that por-
tion of said .territory lying south of 36° 30' north lati-
tude, commonly known as the Missouri compromise
line, shall be admitted into the Union with or "with-
out slavery ^is the people of each State asking admis-
sion may desire, and in such State or States as may
be formed oat of said territory north of said Missouri
compromise line, slavery or involuntary servitude
except for crime shall be prohibited."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There were
other conditions concerning the public deist and
the public lands of Texas, so that it occurred
to the Committee on Reeonstruction that in
order to exclude the conclusion that this bill
might possibly affect those original conditions
and thereby deprive the citizen of his private
rights, this proviso should be inserted, and it
was inserted out of excess of caution, nobody
believing that it would have any especial effect.
The bill went to the Senate, and has been
amended by striking out this proviso, upon a
ground which challenges the attention of the
House and of the country. The chairman of
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate stated
in debate:
" The bill was evidently hastily passed by the
House of Representatives. Iteontains aclause 'that
this act shall not affect in any manner the condi-
tions? and guarantees upon which the State of Texas
was annexed and admitted as a State;' and one of
those 'conditions and guarantees upon which Texas
was annexed and admitted as a State' is in these
words."
And then he read the words which I have
had read, and proceeded as follows:
"The bill as it passed the House of Representa-
tives provides, contrary to the Constitution of the
United States, for admitting slave States in Texas if
the people desire it. I do not presume the Senator
from Missouri or the Senator from Massachusetts
would vote for such a bill as that; and yet there was
great haste to have it passed the moment it came
here, and opposition made to its being referred at
all to have any examination made."
Now, I protest against that construction of
the proviso. We said by the proviso that
nothing in this bill shall affect that question
one way or the other, and then, in a delibera-
tive body not far away from here the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary declares
that we have passed a bill to establish slavery!
Is it wonderful, after that declaration of legal
opinion of the chairman of that committee, that
that deliberative body took away from the com-
mittee the consideration of this Texas bill alto-
gether? I think I now understand why they
should so do. Why, sir, if we luid put into
this bill a direct provibion to establish slavery
in Texas it would be simply void and of none
effect. How couldany man in his five senses,
even if he had three only out of the five, come
to the conclusion that a proviso that nothing
in the bill shall affect that question establishes
slavery, specially when slavery is prohibited by
the Constitution? The provision has no effect,
in my judgment, except in a view which will
bo explained by my colleague on the commit-
tee from New York, [Mr. Wood.] He desires
to express his views, and I will yield to him as
much time as he wants, and then I will call the
previous question. How much time does the
gentleman want?
Mr. WOOD. Oh, not long.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will half
an hour suffice ?
Mr. WOOD. I do not want more than a
quarter of an hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well; I yield to the gentleman for a quarter of
an hour.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I am somewhat
surprised that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] should so suddenly and
with so much facility change his position. He
has just told the House that he attaches no
importance whatever to the proviso of this bill
which the Senate proposes shall be stricken
out.
Now, I said yesterday, on the proposition to
concur in this amendment without a reference,
that I deemed this proviso of very grave im-
portance. And I also referred to the fact that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [ Mr. But-
