1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1347
Republican club of the town of Wallkill in
1m,S ; that money was provided for the purpose
0t'procuring the naturalization of persons;
that these two very men went to the city of
York to procure naturalization papers for
a number ot' people, and absolutely had sent
them to the town ot' Middletowu and gave
them to parlies there without any appearance
whatever having been put in on the part of
persons desiring to be naturalized, and who
receded these naturalization papers and sub-
sequently voted on them, voting the Republican
tieset.
In the short time allotted to me I cannot
enter fully into the merits of this case. But I
desire to state for the information of the House
that the proposition which 1 have offered as a
substitute for the majority report was intro-
duced upon my own volition, upon my own
responsibility. We intend, if this House shall
violently and in a partisan spirit unseat the gen-
tleman who now occupies the seat from the
eleventh district of New York and who was
elected according to the record by 323 votes,
to submit the proposition to leave this question
as to who was properly elected to the people
ot'the district on a further contest; and i cannot
conceive why gentlemen on the majority side
should object to this fair, this simple, this con-
clusive decision of the case. The evidence
does not show from the beginning to the end,
except iu a single case, that any one voted on
the naturalization papers that were signed by
Miilspaugh, Dimmiek, and Shaw; and yet you
are afked to throw out 500 votes upon the
ground of illegality in the'issue of papers by
those individuals.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I now yield
five minutes to the gentleman from New Y'ork,
[Mr. Churchill,]
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, the evi-
dence in this case shows that eight hundred
and thirty-five persons were naturalized in the
county of Orange alone, in the eleventh con-
gressional district of New Y'ork, in the months
of September and October, 1808—that this
naturalization was managed by the political
friends of the sitting member, who were act-
ing as clerks, or deputy, or special deputy
clerks of the courts of that county, and that it
v.as mainly in the interest of the sitting mem-
ber; and the evidence further, in the judg-
ment of the Committee of Elections, shows
that more of the persons so naturalized voted
for the sitting member above those of the
same class who voted for the contestant than
the v. hole majority of the sitting member.
The evidence further shows that more than
six hundred of this number were sworn and
their cases examined and papers signed and
issued by deputy and special deputy clerks, who
performed their duties in the sheriff's room
and jury-room and other places away from the
court-room, except that sometimes when the
judge was absent they issued such papers in
the court-room, but in all cases without the
intervention of the court.
It appears further that when the clerk at-
tended to the business of naturalization in the
court-room it was without the attention of the
court, and without any application to the court
in the course of the proceedings. Lewis E.
Carr, who was present at Newburg in Septem-
ber and Goshen in October, and who at New-
burg saw about one hundred persons natural-
ized, says that the judge took no part in the
naturalization in any way. Elliott, the deputy
clerk and a friend of the sitting member, says
that the custom was for the clerk to fill out the
affidavits, swear the parties to them, and then
fill out and issue to them their certificates of
naturalization, the judge taking no part in the
business. Such naturalizations made by clerks
°t courts, without any judicial action on the
part of the court itself, are void.
The language of the law of the United States
of 1802 relating to naturalization is that the
party at the time of his application to be ad-
mitted to citizenship shall make his sworn
declaration " before the court:" thatthe court
shall be satisfied that he has complied with the
conditions required by the statute ; and that
the clerk of the court shall record the proceed-
ings, (2 Statute, 153.) The provision ot the sub-
sequent act of 1824, (4 Statutes, 09,) that the
declaration of the alien of his intention to be-
come a citizen, when made bona Jide before a
clerk of a court authorized to naturalize should
be •' as valid as if it had been made before the
said court," is conclusive that the other pro-
ceedings to be valid must be before the court
itself; and this has been repeatedly held by
the courts of the State of New York.
In the case of '* in the matter of an alien,"
(7 Hill Rep., 137,) the supreme court of the
State of New York, Judge lieardsley giving tho
opinion of the court, said that naturalization
under the laws of Congress could "only be
acquired by making application to a court of
competent jurisdiction, supported bysullicient
legal proof, and obtaining the judgment of the
court thereon;" that " ihe proceedings are
strictly judicial;" that'"the right of citizen-
ship is finally conferred by the judgment of the
court;" that ''this judgment can only be ren-
dered when the court has become satisfied that
all the conditions of naturalization have been
complied with ;" and that " these are imper-
ative duties resting upon the court which cannot
be evaded or overlooked." This decision was
i made in 1845 after careful consideration, hav-
ing been held over for special advisement from
one general term to another.
In the matter of Clark, reported in 18 Bar-
bour, 444, and heard at the special term of
; the supreme court held in Dutchess county,
in 1854, the question before the court was the
: proper method of proceeding in cases of natu-
ralization, and with particular reference to the
practice which had prevailed in that county,
for the clerk of the court to hear and pass upon
the application and grant certificates of natu-
ralization without consulting tue court. The
court in that case, after considering the laws
applicable to tho subject, say:
"It will be seen that the court, and not the clerk
of the court, is to admit the alien. As the court be-
fore admitting birn is to bo satisfied of certain facts,
it follows that ttio powes conferred upon the courts
arejudicial and not ministerial orclerical, andconse-
quently that these powers cannot be delegated to the
clerks, but must be exercised by the court, and require
' an examination into each case sufficient to satisfy
, the court of the following facts :
1 "1. Five years'continuous residence of the nppli-
; cant within the United States, and one year ot like
residence within the State or Territory where the
, court to which the application is made is held,
t "li. Thatthe applicant during the five years has
' conducted himself as a person of good moral char-
acter.
",'i. That tho applicant is in principle attached to
and well disposed toward tho Constitution of the
( United States."
! In the case of the People vs. Sweetman, (3
Parker's Criminal Cases, p. 358,) which was
decided in 1857 by the unanimous vote of the
able judges composing the fifth judicial dis-
trict of the State of New York, the prisoner
i was indicted for perjury, and the perjury
assigned was upon an affidavit to show res-
idence and character in proceedings for the
! naturalization of an alien, purporting to have
; been taken in open court before the clerk of
the county court of Lewis county. It appeared
in evidence on the trial that the affidavit was
taken and sworn to before the clerk in the
court-room while the judge was present upon
the bench attending to his judicial duties, but
not, so far as appeared, to the proceedings for
naturalization to which the clerk was attend-
ing. The case was not so strong as the very
large majority of the cases of naturalization in
Orange county in 1868, since in that case the
judge was present, and attending to his judicial
duties in the room when the clerk was acting,
which was true in very few of the last-men-
tioned cases. In that case the false swearing
was clearly proved. The witness had sworn
that the alien applying for naturalization had
been a resident of the United States five years
and of the State of New YTork one year, when
in fact, as was shown by the evidence of tho
alien and of his brother, they had each lived
i iu this country less than six months when the
application and affidavit were made. 'The pris-
oner was convicted, but the conviction was re-
versed by the supreme court, and the ground
for their judgment was that there was no proof
that any application was pending before the
court. The court say :
"The laws of Congress require tho application to
be made to tho court, and ttio proof of live years'
previous re.-idenee must be taken iu open court. In
this ease there was no proof that any application
was made to tho court at all, or that the witness
was even sworn in open court, or that the court in
any manner passed upon the matter. It was neces-
sary to prove in the first place the pendency of tho
proceedings betore tho court. No presumption can
be raised in favor of the regularity of the proceed-
ings until it be proved that such proceedings were
pending belore the court. The minutes of the court
should have been produced, showing tho pendency
; of the proceedings, and tho actual oral examination
i ol' the witness, before it was competent to show that
j his testimony was false."
! The effect of these decisions will be obvious
' to every one. They make false swearing that
may have occurred in the progress of these
' naturalizations free from all danger of crim-
inal prosecution and punishment. That such
I false swearing prevailed, and very extensively,
j! too, I think no one who has examined the evi-
; dence in this case can doubt. Moses D. Stivers,
; who was the county clerk of Orange county for
ji the years 1865, 1866, and 1867, and who says
that there was a rush for naturalizations in
1866, the year after the close of the war, (Evi-
dence, p. 121,) further says (p. 120) that the
whole number of naturalizations in the county
of Orange in any one of these years did not
equal one hundred, and that of these not over
filteen percent, claimed to have arrived in this
country under eighteen years of age, and yet in
the next year, in 186S, eight hundred and
thirty-five persons received certificates of nat-
uralization in this same county, and five hun-
dred and sixty-two of these or more than sixty
per cent., are claimed as persons "who arrived
in this country under eighteen years of age.
These irregularities in naturalization were
not confined to the county of Orange. The
evidence shows them to have prevailed in the
county of Dutchess, under the charge of the
Republican officers of the court of that county;
and that the friends of the contestant procured
naturalizations infected with similar irregular-
ities in that county, and the votes of persons
so naturalized, shown to have been cast for the
contestant, have been deducted by the Com-
mittee of Elections from his vote.
It i3 suggested by my friend and colleague
upon the Committee of Elections from the
State of Illinois, [Mr. Burr,] in the able report
of the minority of that committee drawn by
him, that the evidence shows many of these
Earties thus irregularly naturalized to have
een actually entitled to naturalization. But
it is not the right to naturalization, but nat-
uralization itself, awarded by the proper judg-
ment of a court of competent jurisdiction, and
this alone, that gives citizenship, and with it
a right to vote under the constitution and laws
of the State of New York. It is further sug-
gested by him that some of the naturalizations
shown by the evidence to have been made in
the absence of the county judge would still be
legal, because a majority of the court, to wit,
the two justices of sessions, were yet in attend-
ance. But upon the withdrawal of the county
judge no court of record, no court of any kind
known to the laws of the State of New York,
remained. It was not a county court, for that
is held by the county judge alone ; and it was
not a court of sessions, for the presence of the
county judge and at least two associate justices
is essential to the constitution of that court.
The votes of persons thus improperly and
illegally receiving certificates of naturalization
are not the only ones, though by much the
most numerous class of votes shown to have
been improperly received at the election in
