1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4179
glad to yield to the gentleman, but I have not
the time. The gentleman from New York has
led me directly to the next point I had intended
to discuss. It is not ol* the inequality of the
currency we complain, but it is in the unequal
distribution of banking facilities that the great
injustice is perpetrated upon the West and
South. They are deprived of what is far more
important than circulation, the facilities for
banking and credit which a proper distribution
of banking capital would give them. Destitute
of banks, they are compelled to keep on hand
a large amount of currency, which is thus vir-
tually locked up from circulation. With banks
properly distributed in the destitute neighbor-
hoods this currency would be deposited and
would form the foundation of loans, drafts,
checks, and the vast transactions that banks
enable the people to perform. An increase
of the greenback currency would merely give
additional circulation, but would afford none
of the advantages which accompany the estab-
lishment of banks.
I call attention to a circumstance which seri-
ously aggravates this inequality of distribution.
The great fluctuations caused by the uncertain
value of our inconvertible currency have long
depressed legitimate business and greatly stim-
ulated mere speculation. The result is that our
currency has been steadily flowing in to the
centers of speculation, to be used in that fatal
but fascinating game which is played every day
in the stock exchange and gold room. For
example, during the summer of 1809 the ex-
changes of the gold clearing house of New York
averaged ^nearly one hundred million dollars
per day, more than ninety per cent, of which
was downright gambling; and though the ma-
terial in which these gamblers dealt was what
Mr. Fisk calls "phantom gold," yet in play-
ing their reckless game they kept locked up
from the legitimate business of the countiy
millions on millions of currency. At the pres-
ent, moment there is a glut of currency in New
York and a dearth of it in the \\ est. I read
a passage from the money article in a late New
York paper:
The banks owe. May 28 :
On deports 
\eulation io.l^-.iis
On eiieu
Total..
Sl,17] .S-'J
Twenty-five per cent, reserve would be... Jljl,292,95(5
They hold, in gokiandgi-eouo.ioks 
Excess *-9'"a755
Rate lor money, four to fn e i>cr cent.
The speculation in the gold room is dull.
It is not often that so many suggestive and
important facts are grouped together in the same
SPMr.' INGERSOLL. It is four per cent on
call, is it not? . „
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio., Certainly. That
is the meaning of the quotation. Ninety-foul
millions of currency reserves in the vaults,
thirty millions more than the law lequires,
moneva drug at four and five per cent., and all
this because speculation in the gold room was
dull, while millions of our industrious citizens
find it difficult to loan money at ten, fifteen,
and even twenty per cent.
It is marvelous with what patience Lie
American people permit themselves to be
robbed and defrauded. . .
These speculators are now waiting to see
what tax laws we pass, as my friend beiore me
FMr JuddI suggests, and wnat influence they
will have on the operations of the gold room.
During this suspense the gamblers of W all
street are letting their money he idle, tc. see
which way the tide will turn. Let tongiess
neglect to pass the legislation which is neces-
sary to overcome the difficulties of the situa-
tion and you will see the scenes of July and
August, and September, with its black 1 lidaj,
of ISO',), reenacted. I hasten to say that I do
not in any way indorse the notion that Con-
gress can determine by any artificial matne
matical rule just how the currency ought to be
distributed through the country or how much
of it is needed. But it cannot be denied that
theory and practice and our past and present
experience demonstrate the outrageous injus-
tice of the present order of things in regard to
the currency.
And now I come to inquire for a remedy.
What shall it be ? By what means shall we
supply the West and South with currency and
banking facilities to meet the demands of their
rapidly increasing population and wealth?
Shall it be by an immediate increase of the
volume of our paper money, to be followed by
a greater depreciation of the whole mass, an
increase of prices, and a great and disastrous
disturbance of values and of all business trans-
actions? For myself I do not hesitate to de-
clare that such legislation would be in every
way ruinous to the interests and destructive ot
the credit of the country. I believe that the
volume of our paper currency is already too
large, and that a resumption of specie pay-
ments would reduce it. But, Mr. Speaker,
whatever may be our individual opinions, it is
clear that 110 measure of inflation cau by any
possibility be a law during the present session
of Congress.
The following resolution passed the Senate
without a dissenting vote on the 24th February
last, and indicates tliat no measure of inflation
can meet the assent of that body. I quote the
proceedings of the Senate on this subject as
recorded in the Globe of February 25 :
" TIIE CUKRHXCY.
" JMr. "Wif.UAMSsubmittcdthofollowingrcsoliition
for consideration: ,
" Unsolved, That to add to the presentirraleomablo
paper currency of the country would be to render
more difficult and remote the resumption, of specie
payments, to encourage and foster the spirit 01 spec-
ulation, to aggravate the eviU producedby frequent
and sudden fluctuations of valuer!, to doprociatc the
credit ol the nation, and to check the healthful
tendency of legitimate business tosettledown. upon
a safe and permanent basis; and therefore, in tho
opinion of the Senate, tho existing volume of such
currency ought not to bo increased.
" The Vlt'ic PiinsmKM'. I- there objection to toe
present consideration of the resolution ?
" Mr. Shermax. I hopo not. Let it pass.
" iMr. Sumxku. Let it pass.
" The Vice ransiuEXT. Tho Chan-hears no objec-
tion (o the present consideration of tho resolution,
and it is before tho Senate.
" The resolution was agreed to.'
It is equally clear that no measure, for the
resumption of specie payment that includes
contraction of the currency as one of its pro-
visions cau pass this House during the present
Congress. Shut up within these limitations,
practically forbidden either to increase or
diminish the volume of the currency, the Com-
mittee ou Banking and Currency were in-
structed by the House of Representatives
February 21, 1870, to perform the duty de-
scribed in the following resolution :
"Resolved, That in tho opinion of tho House the
business interests of tho country require an increase
in the volume ot tho circulating currency, and tho
Committee on Banking and Currency are instructed
to report to the House at as early a day as practica-
ble a bill increasing tile currency to tho amount ot
at least £o0,006,000."
Under these circumstances the duty of the
committee was very difficult to perform. Shut
up between Scylla on the one side and Charyb-
dis on the other, and propelled by this peremp-
tory resolution, what could the committee do ?
It must give more banking facilities. It must
give more circulating currency. But it. must,
neither increase nor decrease the volume of
the currency.
There was one term that was the lamp by
which our feet were guided. The language
used was this: ''the increase of circulating
currency." That did not mean greenbacks;
manifestly not, for my friend before me [llr.
Ixokksoll] had again and again tried to get an
expression of opinion of this House in favor
of an increase m tho_ amount of greenback
circulation, and had lailed every lime on^a
direct vote by more than twenty votes. _ ho
that the House evidently did not mean that.
Did it mean an increase ot bank circulation .
The House could hardly have meant that, when
we took into consideration the impossibility of
getting such a measure through both Houses of
Congress. "Circulating currency" was the
term used; "circulating currency" was the
key to the situation. They believed tha,t in the
circulating currency of bank credits, of checks,
drafts, and bills of exchange, and certificates of
deposits, there would be obtained an increase
of circulating currency, and yet not a great,
inflation of the total volume of the currency.
Guided by these views, and thus limited, the
committee introduced the bill now before the
House.
This bill is the result of a compromise of
many differences of opinion, and which per-
haps suits no member of tho committee in ail
its features; yet, on the whole, they believe it
will give the needed relief with the least dis-
turbance to the business of the country, and
without injury to the public credit.
I now invite the attention of the House to
the provisions of the pending lull. It aims at
two leading objects: to provide for a more
equitable distribution of the currency without
contraction or inflation, and without increased
expense to tho Government; and to provide
for free banking on a specie basis.
The first of these objects the bill proposes
to reach by the provisions of the first six and
the last three sections of the bill. The second
object is provided for in the remaining sections,
being sections seven, eight, and nine.
The provisions for the more equitable dis-
tribution of the currency and the increase of
banking facilities are the following:
First. The issue of $95,000,000 of national
bank notes in States having less than their
proper proportion.
SceomL The cancellation and retiiemcnt of
the three per cent, certificates, which now
amount in round numbers to $1-5,500,000, and
thecancellation and rotuemcut of §30,500,000
of United States notes.
Third. When the whole amount of the
$95,000,000 of additional notes shall have been
issued, tho circulation shall then be withdrawn
from States having excess and distributed to
States being deficient, in such sums as may
be required, not exceeding ill the aggregate
$'25,000,000.
There were two reasons lor choosing $9<>,-
000,000 as the amount to be issued; lirst,
because by a comparison ol the circulation now
outstanding with the amounts that should have
been issued according to tiic rule of distribu-
tion, it was found that the deficiency in the
States which had less than their proper propor-
tions amounted to nearly nmety-tive million
dollars, as exhibited in the following table:
List of Stales which secured Irsi than their praporlvm.
of national bank ell culatinu tinder ej.ts!uin I'ne~,,
■i ' '' 1 ■ ■1 — -   h .'..I. onrji i
together with the balance to which cm
entitled :
Virginia 
West Virginia 
Illinois 
Michigan 
Wisconsin 
Iowa 
Kan ban 
Missouri 
Kentucky  
Tennessee 
Loxusnnvi 
MlS.Sir.MplH  
Nebraska  ■
North Carolina 
JSoutii Ccirohn.) 
Alabama 
Oi egon 
Arkansas 
Utah 
California 
Florida. 
I)akota 
New Mexico 
Washington Territory 
oj tiwni in
. ^5ni>.020
. ],M7,7:T>
], ; i >
. ,;.<o
i'/I.V.OJ
... y, ^ot-ui
1, ;17
I1..VK)
. T.iW.SUO
... 7...7.V>0"
... 7,l'o,in.5
.w>'05
hu o'ju
. a,oi';vxw
V>-),500
27.000
is
. $9Ui".,:Sll
A second leason was that the Uonse had
instructed the committee to provide lor .;o0 -
000,000 for toe business wants ot the eon,my,
