1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5123
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to make a sugges-
tion. I am willing to abide by the agreement,
and all I ask the Senate is to allow us to vote
on this question without saying a word. We
may be trusted to give our opinions in open
discussion at a proper time, and that time will
undoubtedly come.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose to withdraw
my amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, with the understand-
ing that that will be voted down. If it is not
voted down, I shall renew my amendment and
intend to stand here as long as I can and fight
for it. I shall not submit to have these Chi-
nese brought here and 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing that the
Senator should withdraw his amendment; but
I do not want any understanding that the other
is to be voted down.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not want anybody
to assent; but I give notice of what I intend.
Mr. TIPTON. If this bone of contention
is to be thrown in here at this time I shall
consider myself justifiable in voting against
all amendments and against the bill itself.
Mr. McCREERY. If the amendment of the
Senator from Oregon is withdrawn 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts pending.
Mr. McCREERY. I offer this as an amend-
ment to the amendment:
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not
apply to persons bom in Asia, Africa, or any of the
islands of the Pacific, nor to Indians born in the
wilderness.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. THURMAN called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not intend to vio-
late any agreement, although I was not here
when it was made, and would not have assented
to it if I had been ; but I deem it due to myself
to say that I reported the bill which my friend
from Massachusetts now offers as an amend-
ment, and believe in it as far as I now under-
stand ; but under existing circumstances in
connection with this understanding I shall vote
against it as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. That is right.
Mr. SUMNER. The remark of the Sena-
tor from Vermont makes it necessary for me to
make a brief statement. Some time during
the last Congress I had the honor of introduc-
ing a bill to strike the word " white " from our
naturalization laws. I tried to have it put on
its passage. I was resisted then by the Senator
from Vermont, who moved its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary. There it remained
without any report until that Congress expired.
During the first week of the present Congress,
now more than a year ago, I introduced the
same bill. It remained in the room of the
Judiciary Committee from March, 1869, until
very recently, when it was reported favorably.
Such, sir, have been my efforts to bring the
Senate to a vote on this question. Never till
this moment has it been in my power to have a
vote on a question which I deem of vital im-
portance. I have here on my table at this
moment letters from different States—from
California, from Florida, from Virginia—all
showing a considerable number of colored
persons—shall I say of African blood?—aliens
under our laws, who cannot be naturalized on
account of that word "white."
Now, sir, there is apractical grievance which
needs a remedy. This is the first time that I
have been able to obtain a vote upon it, and I
should be unworthy of my seat here if, because
Senators rise and say they will vote it down on
the ground that it is out of place, I should
hesitate to persevere. Senators will vote as
they please; I shall vote for it. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] properly says
it is in place. Never was there a bill to
which it was more germane. You are now
revising the naturalization system, and I pro-
pose to strike out from that system a require-
ment disgraceful to this country and to this
age. I propose to bring our system in har-
mony with the Declaration of Independence
and the Constitution of the United States.
The word "white" cannot be found in either
of these two great title-deeds of this Republic.
How can you place it in your statutes ?
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FOWLER, (when his name was called.)
I was paired with the Senator from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Abbott] on all existing amendments
to the bill at the time of the pair ; but as this
amendment has come in since, and was not
then known, I shall vote " yea."
The result was announced—yeas 22, nays
23 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter, Fowler,
Hamlin, Harris, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald. Morrill
of Vermont, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Rice,
Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sprague,
Sumner, and Trumbull—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, Cor-
bott, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Gilbert, Har-
lan, Howe, Howeli, Johnston, McCreery, Morton,
Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, War-
ner, Williams, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs.Abbott, Ames, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Cattel], Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Howard, Morrill of Maine, Nor-
ton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Saulsbury, Sher-
man. Spencer, Thayer, Willey, and Yates—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no fur-
ther amendment be offered the question is on
the amendment of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary as a substitute for the original bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the eleventh sec-
tion, which provides for the compensation of
the commissioners, should be amended in the
manner in which I suggest, by adding at the
end of the section :
But each commissioner shall be entitled to receive
the sum of five cents for each mile actually traveled
in going to and returning from the place where he
shall hold his sessions for naturalization.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, as amended, as a sub-
stitute for the House bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. The question now is between
the House bill and the Senate committee's
amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the House bill is
the better bill.
Mr. TIIURMAN called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. FOWLER. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Abbott.] If he were here he would vote
"yea" and I " nay."
Mr. VICKERS. My colleague [Mr. Ham-
ilton] is paired with the Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Osuorx.] The Senator from Florida
would vote for the bill and my colleague
against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 33: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter, ConlJuig,
Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Hamlin, Morrill ol Ver-
mont, Patterson, Pomeroy, Rice. Sawyer, Scott,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wilson 17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, C.werly,
Chandler, Corbett, Davis, Drake, Gilbert, Harlan,
Harris, Howe. Ilowell, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis,
McCreery, McDonald, Morton, Pratt, Ramsey,Rev-
els, Robertson, Ro.-s, Schurz. Sprasue, Stockton,
Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, Wai ner, Wllley,
and Williams—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Biownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Catteli, Colo, Ferry, llan-
agan, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of i
Texas, Howard, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye,
Osborn, Pool, Saulsbury, Sherman, Spencer, and
Yates—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. I now move to amend
the House bill, the committee's substitute hav-
ing been voted down, by adding to it two sec-
tions which stand as twelve and thirteen in the
committee's substitute, and if it be not out of
order I would remark that the House bill as
it stands contains nothing except what there
is in the statute already.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Conkling, which was to add the following as
new sections by way of addition to the House
bill:
And be il further enacted, That in any city having
upward of twenty thousand inhabitants, it shall be
the duty of the judge of the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States for the circuit wherein said city shall be,
upon the application of two citizens, to appoint in
writing for each election district or voting precioct
in said city, and to change or renew said appoint-
ment as occasion may require, from time to time,
two 'citizens resident of the district or precinct, one
from each political party, who, when so designated,
shall be, and are hereby, authorized to attend at all
times and places fixed for tho registration of voters,
who being registered would be entitled to vote for
Representative in Congress, and at all times and
places for holding elections of Representatives in
Congress, and for counting the votes cast at said
elections, and to challenge any name proposed to be
registered, and any vote offered, and to be present
and witness throughout the counting of all votes, and
to remain where the ballot-boxes are kept at all
times after the polls arc open until the votes are
finally counted; and said persons and either of them
shall have the right to affix their signature or his
signature to said register for purposes of identifica-
tion, and to attach thereto, or to the certificate of
the number of votes cast, and statement touching
tho truth or fairness thereof which .they or he may
ask to attach ; and any one who shall prevent any
person so designated from doing any of the acts au-
thorized as aforesaid, or who shall hinder or molest
any such person in doing any of the said acts, or
shall aid or abet in preventing, hindering, or molest-
ing .any such person in respect of any such acts, shall
be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction shall
be punished by imprisonment not lessthan one year.
And be it further enacted, That in any city having
upward of twenty thousand inhabitants, it shall bo
lawful for the marshal of the United States for the
district wherein said city shall betoappoint as many
special deputies as may be necessary to preserve
order at any election at which Representatives in
Congress are to be chosen; and said deputies are
hereby authorized to preserveorderatsuch elections,
and to arrest for any offense or breach of the jjeace
committed in their view.
Mr. THURMAN. As the Senator from New-
York says, there is not a provision worth any-
thing in the House bill that is not already the
statute law of this land, and as I am very much
opposed to the sections just mentioned, I move
that the bill be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. THURMAN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to ask a
question. Is it left to the circuit courts or to
both the circuit and district courts to make
these appointments ?
Mr. CONKLING. The words "or district"
were some time ago stricken out. It reads "it
shall be the duty of the judge of the circuit
court of the United States of the circuit wherein
such city shall be7'> &c.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 07, nays as follows :
YEAS.—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter, Chandler,
Conklmg, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, den-
ton, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harris, Howe, Howell, Kel-
logg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robert-
son, Sawyer. Scott, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thay-
er, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, William*,
and Wilson—37.
NAYS—.Messrs. Bayard, Boreman,Casserly, Davis
Johnston, McCreery, Stockton, Thurman, and Vick-
ei^—9.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Ames Brownlow.
Buckingham, Cameron, Cattail, Cole, Ferry, Flana-
gan, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Howard, Morrill of Maine, Noiton,
Nye, Osborn, Pool, Revels Ross Saulsbury, Schuiz,
Sherman, Spencer, and Yates—23.
So tke-amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now make the same motion
on this bill that I made on the other.
