4180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
and as the Senate had already passed a bill
providing for the issue of $45,000,000 in lieu
of the three per cents., the two amounts would
make $95,000,000.
Aside from any question of redistribution
of the currency, it will hardly be denied that
these three per cent, certificates should at onee
he redeemed. It will be remembered that they
were issued under the necessity of providing
some means of retiring tho compound-interest
notes when they felt due. The Secretary of
the Treasury, in his last annual report, made
the following recommendation in regard to
these three per cents.:
"The three percent, certificates are a substitute, to
a considerable extent, for United States notes, being
largely held by the banks as a portion of their
reserve, and thus indirectly, though not to their full
nominal value, they swell tho volume of currency.
"I recommend That provision juc made lor the
redemption of the three per cent, certificates withi-a
a reasonable time, and, as a compensating measure
for tho reduction in the amount of currency which
would thus bo causod, that authority bo given to
frant circulation to banks in the States whore the
anking capital is less than tho sha.ro to which they
would be entitled, to an amount not exceeding
t.35,000,000 in the aggregate. Tho redemption of tho
threo per cent, certificates and tho additions to
the banking capital might bo so arranged as not to
produce a serious disturbance in tho finances or
business of tho country, while additional banking
dttpital would bo supplied to tho sections now in need
of it, and this without any increase of the volumo
of oireulation."
As a loan they are the most dangerous of
any form of our interest-bearing debt. They
are payable on demand, and in the time of any
great financial crisis might be precipitated upon
the Treasury at onee, and produce great dis-
tress as well as discredit to the Government.
They are mainly used as the reserves of the
national banks in the redemption cities; and it. is
a scandal that these banking institutions should
be permitted to draw interest on the reserves
which they are wquired to hold to secure their
circulation and deposits. There is no stronger
ground of objection against the national system
than that such a partial favor should bo per-
mitted. Tho country batiks have no advan-
tage of these three per cents., for the reports
of the Comptroller of the Currency show that
none ot them are held outside of city banks.
Not only are wo allowing interest on these
reserves, tint their value has been steadily
appreciated, and they are to-day worth nearly
twenty cents on the dollar more than when they
were (irst issued.
In the next, place, the bill provides for the
withdrawal ana cancellation of ยง30,500,000 0f
United States notes. The first effect of this
decrease will be to appreciate the value of the
remaining mass, and thus tend, in a small
degree, toward specie payments. But a more
important result will be that the national banks
will be required to keep up tho value of their
own circulation equal to the value of green-
backs. in doing this they will be called upon
to exchange their own notes for greenbacks on
demand. This will tend to call baek the cir-
culation of every national hank to its own
home, and thus more equitably distribute tho
whole volume of circulation.
Notwithstanding the present glut of currency
in New York, the brokers of Wall street join
in full cry against this bill because it proposes
to take away some of the vast surplus they
hold and distribute it to the destitute portions
of the country. It is a little singular that this
hill has been severely attacked in public jour-
nals on exactly opposite grounds. One class
of critics declare it is a severe measure of con-
traction, and the other, with equal positive-
ness, that it will result in great inflation. I
invite the attention of those who charge that
this bill contracts tho currency to the following
considerations:
This bill proposes to redeem $45,500,000 of
three per cents, and to cancel ยง39,500,000 of
United States notes, making a total withdrawal
of $85,000,000, and to issue ยง95.000,000 of
national bank notes, the issue in every case
to precede the withdrawal so as to avoid any
shock to business. This will leave in existence
$10,000,000 more of paper currency than we
now have, counting the whole value of the
three per cents, equivalent to currency. But
the three per cents, serve as currency only
when they form part of the reserves of the
national banks; and as a matter of fact they
have never all at any one time been held as
bank reserves. During the last year and a
half there has been an average of $3,000,000
of them whioh were not held by the banks, and
the last report shows that over two millions are
now held by individuals. The correct state-
ment, therefore, is that this bill will create
between twelve and thirteen millions more of
paper money than now exists.
A portion of the committee were in favor
of making the withdrawals exactly equal to
the issues, but the fact that all the national
hank-notes issued will require a greenback
reserve of from fifteen to twenty-five per cent,
of the amount of circulation led the commit-
tee to make this increase of the issue to coun-
terbalance the virtual contraction caused by the
reserves. In my judgment, the additional
reserves required by this bill will not in fact
decrease the amount of legal-tender notes in
actual circulation, for the reason that the na-
tional banks hold a much larger reserve than
the law requires. The official reports show
that during the last fifteen months the reserves
held by the banks have averaged $224,000,000,
while they were required by law to hold but
$lfifi,000,000. It will thus be seen that they
constantly hold $55,000,000 more than the law
requires. The new reserve required by this
act will doubtless be drawn tVom the surplus,
and not, from the active circulation of the
country. There is therefore no ground for the
assertion that this bill contracts the currency.
I wish 1 were able to demonstrate also that
there is no inilatioii in this bill, and here is t^e
feature most unsatisfactory to me. For foilr
years past I have plead for some practical legis-
lation, looking toward a gradual and safe re-
turn to specie payments. It has been clear
to my mind that resumption was impossible so
long as tho present volume of inconvertible cur-
rency is maintained. I have therefore strenu-
ously opposed all attempts to increase its vol-
ume. Out deeply impressed with the necessity
of giving more equal facilities to tho West and
South, and relieving the national hank system
from tho odiiaiu which the present unequal dis-
tribution of the currency brings upon it, I have
consented, with reluctance, to this feature of
tho pending bill; believing that the benelits
conferred by it will be greater than the evils
that will result from the measure of inflation
it contains.
The actual increase of circulating notes is
no more than twelve or thirteen million dol-
lars ; but the great increase of credit euiTcucy
I in the form of cheeks and drafts will in my
judgment result in a very considerable expan-
sion of paper credits, I cannot, in jus!ice to
myself, let this feature of the bill- pass without
expresing my regret that the stale of opinion
in tho House and country requires its enact-
ment.
Mr. LYNCH. Wrill my colleague allow me
to ask him a question t
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH, f understand the gentleman
to say this that bill will increase tho amount of
currency in circulation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. LYNCH. The bill, i believe, provides
for $95,000,000 of additional bank circulation
and for the retirement of $45,000,009 of threo
per cc.it. certificates and $40,000,000 of green-
backs, making $85,000,000. Prom the $05,-
000,000 of bank circulation authorized by this
bill is to be deducted a reserve on circulation
of twenty-five per cent, ill certain cities and
fifteen percent, in others, averaging say twenty
per cent.; to which must be added the reserve
on deposits, which being equal on the average
to the circulation, would take $13.000.000more,
making a total reserve of $S8,000,000 to be
deducted from the $95,000,000 authorized,
leaving but $57,000,000 actually going into cir-
culation, while the amount actually retired by
the bill is $85,000,000. So that under the oper-
ation of this bill there would be a contraction
of the currency to the extent of $28,000,000.1
would like to know how the gentleman figures
out an increase of currency under this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am glad the
gentleman has made his suggestion, beeause it
reminds me of a point which I had intended to
make in this connection. The gentleman says
that the $95,000,000 will not be all in circula-
tion, because greenbacks equivalent to twenty
per cent, of it will have to be locked up in the
vaults of the new banks as reserves. G ranted;
but 1 answer my friend by saying that the
banks cow keep on an average $55,000,000
more of reserves than they are required to
keep by law. They have been doing so for
more than two years past. All, therefore,
that will happen will be that the volume of
surplus reserves will be reduced. It will not
look up any more currency; indeed, it will
liberate 
Mr. LYNCH. Does the gentleman under-
take to say that when the banks are increased
in miraber the excess of reserve which tbey
keep will not be increased in the same ratio?
How will the excess of reserve be reduced by
an increase in the number of banks ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have exam-
ined with great care the condition of the
reserves of the national banks, and I find that
in New York and other money centers, for
reasons which I have already stated, there
is an immense surplus reserve, far greater than
the reserve in the eountry generally. Now,
this surplus will find its way into the reserves
of the new banks. The surplus of reserve will
undoubtedly be reduced for a reason which I
will state. Where the banking system has been
extended, where the number of banks in the
West and South has been increased, and the
volume of legal tenders reduced in proportion
to the increase of national currency, the banks
will be Called upon to redeem their notes in
legal lenders as the law now requires. This will
keep the bank notes nearer home than now.
They will flow baek from the money centers
and find their way into localities where they
are needed for legitimate business. One of the
evils of our present system is that tho national
banks rarely redeem any of their notes. They
are not asked to do so. They are bound by
law to redeem thetn in greenbacks, but no one
demands it,. Let the system be extended; let
the ratio between greenbacks and national
bank notes be changed from $300,000,000 of
national currency and $400,000,000 of green-
backs, ask now is, to exactly the opposite con-
dition. Then they will be called on to redeem,
and that will keep the circulation at home, and
keep it better distributed.
I recur again to a point already made, that
the facility for obtaining credits in the form of
checks and drafts will be vastly increased by
this bill. I am willing it shall be so. I can
only reconcile myself to it on one ground. The
only proper basis on which currency should
circulate is that it should be the basis of the
bnsiuess wants of the country.
The SPEAKER te,npore, (Mr. Ambler
in the cuair.) The gentleman's time bus ex-
pired.
^ Mr. RANDALL. I move that the time of
the gentleman from Ohio be extended indefi-
nitely.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD1, of Ohio. I thank the
House for this courtesy.
IJot some gentlemen say, "Increase the
greenback curi-aricy; issue more; it is popu-
lar j it is safe; it, is cheap; give it liberally and
satisfy the wants of the country.:' This brings
us to the question whether we will have the
national bank currency or a currency issued
directly by the Government. All those who .
believe that the national banks should be over-
