1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3237
By Mr. HOLM AN: The petition of Elijah
Brittingham, for relief from the effects of a tax
By Mr. LASH: Petitions of Ezekiel W.
Hancock, William M. Edwards, and William
M. Ellington, citizens of Rockingham county,
North Carolina, for removal of disabilities.
Also, the petition of T. C. Hanson, a citizen
of Yadkin county, North Carolina, for removal
of disabilities.
Also, the petition of Samuel M. Tomlinson,
a citizen of Guilford county, for removal of
disabilities.
Also, the petition of William F. Henderson,
for removal of disabilities from George Make-
peace, of Randolph county, and William Bad-
gett and John A. Heitman, of Davidson county,
North Carolina.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of Joseph
Miller and 110 others, citizens of Ohio, pray
ins Congress to abolish the national banks, to
redeem the matured bonds deposited by them,
to issue $600,000,000 in Treasury notes, and
make the same receivable for customs dues and
all other taxes due the Federal Government.
Also, the petition of John Darner and others,
citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
By Mr. SWEENEY: A petition of sundry
citizens of Hopkins county, Kentucky, for the
establishment of a post route in said county.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
William West, praying for relief.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 5, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
mas, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. ;
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
. Samuel S. Bralley, E. J.Bralley, and A.Thomp-
son, of Wythe county, Virginia; ofR.C.Rives,of
Dinwiddie county, Virginia, and of Francis K.
Elliot, of Scott county, Virginia, praying the j
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of Charles A.
Weatherson, Jeremiah Jennings, William M.
Mitchell, William Rankin, Garland Anderson,
James Anderson, Randolph Collins, and Pey- 1
ton G. Hale, all of Grayson county, Virginia, i
praying the removal of their political disabili- I
ties; which were referred to the select Com- j
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities. |
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
William H. Walker, of Limestone county, Ala- |
bama, praying the removal of his political dis- j
abilities; which was referred to the select J
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of i
Edward D. Tippett, praying the appointment
of a committee of scientific men to examine a
model planetarium, by which can be demon-
strated the true principles of the solar system;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present the remon-
strance of Levi Underwood, and several other
citizens and business men of the city of Bur-
lington, Vermont, representing that they think
[he coercive clausc in the funding bill respect-
ing banks will be injurious to the people, and
asking that Congress will not pass it. As that
object has been acted upon by the Senate, I
move that the remonstrance lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS also presented a memorial
of sundry manufacturers and business men
of Castleton, Vermont, sellers of household
wringers of various manufactures, remonstrat-
ing again3t the passage of the House bill No.
W92, for theextension of John Young's patent
for washing and wringing machines; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present a memorial
from the Providence Tool Company and num-
erous others, remonstrating against the exten-
sion of the patent of John Young for washing
and wringing machines _ They represent that
according to their be6t information not less
than two hundred thousand wringing machines
are manufactured and sold per annum, and
this number is increasing yearly. I move that
this memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I present the petition
of N. H. Wood, of Portage City, Wisconsin,
praying Congress to provide by enactment
for an increased and " elastic" volume of cur-
rency, to the extent of $300,000,000; such
increase to be made exchangeable for a new
issue of gold interest-bearing bonds of the Uni-
ted States, the interest to be made as low as
loans are negotiated by European Govern-
ments, in good credit, and payable in a new
standard of coin of equal fineness and value
to the English and Spanish gold and silver
coins; and that provision be made in the United
States depositories in every State for a daily
exchange of such bonds for currency, and vice
versa ; and further praying that $500,000,000
of coin, or its equivalent, be at once re-
coined, the standard of such coinage to be
equal in fineness and value to the English and
Spanish coins, and that such coinage, mostly
in silver, shall be at once exchanged through
the various depositories of the United States
for the fractional currency and nickel coin now
held by the submissive people of this country;
and that such standard of coinage shall be the
redeemer of all future issues of the bonds of
the United States ; and to further provide that
the old coinage shall be received for customs
and the purchase of the new issues of the bonds
of the United States; and also that Congress
will by its action forbid further increase of the
circulation of the national banks, and provide
for the gradnal redemption of bonds held by
them, and the retirement of their currency and
its substitution by legal tenders, and setting
forth the reasons in support of the proposition
which he submits to Congress. 1 move the
reference of this petition to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of W. L.
Tate, of Haywood county, North Carolina,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition.of
N. H. Wood, of Portage City, Wisconsin, ask-
ing the enactment of a law for an increased
and elastic volume of currency; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have also received
the proceedings of a meetiug held in Piano,
in the State of Illinois, of what purport to be
disciples of the trne faith of the Latter-Day
Saints. The memorial is signed by £ commit-
tee consisting of Joseph Smith, Alexander S.
Smith, and several others, in which they pro-
test that polygamy is no part of the faith of the
Latter-Day Saints, and they memorialize the
Congress of the United States that in the con-
sideration of the questions of polygamy and dis-
loyalty as affectingabody calling themselves the
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
in the Territory of Utah the crimes of polyg-
amy and disloyalty may sot be made to stain
the mantle of the pure faith of the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. I move the
reference of this paper to the Committee on
Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present the
petition ef N. H. Wood, of whom I know
nothing. The petition is mailed atNew York,
but a letter on the outside of it is dated at Bos-
ton. The petitioner represents himself to be
of Portage City, Wisconsin, and prays for an
elastic currency. I move its reference to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that petition is
referred I feel bound to say to the Senate that
I presume a similar petition has been sent to
overy member of the Senate. One was sent to
me, with evidences which were, in my judg-
ment, conclusive that the author is unfortu-
nately insane. I merely mention this fact
because I have no doubt other Senators have
received the same petition. One has already
been presented by the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. HOWE. That petitioner seems to hail
from the State of Wisconsin. I have never
known any such gentleman there. I received
the same petition myself, and threw it on the
floor, and 1 think I received a similar petition
from the same individual some time along in
the winter. I do not know anything about him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition
will be referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented the
memorial of M. F. Granger, of Randolph,
Vermont, remonstrating against the passage
of House bill No. 1492, for the extension of
John Young's patent for washing and wring-
ing machines; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have received a memorial,
very numerously signed, from the county of
Washington, setting forth the condition of the
county, and concluding with a request that
Congress will either grant them a donation
of lands for educational purposes, or such an
appropriation of money as will enable them to
put in full and vigorous operation a liberal sys-
tem of education. I move the reference of the
memorial to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. McDONALD, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 683) authorizing mail
steamship service in the Gulf of Mexico be-
tween the ports of New Orleans, Louisiana,
and certain ports of the republic of Mexico,
reported it with an amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 19) granting a pension to Mary
Lincoln, widow of Abraham Lincoln, late
President of the United States, to report the
bill, with a written report recommending that
it be indefinitely postponed. I ask that it be
placed on the Calendar, as I infer that my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] is desirous
of having action upon it. I move that the
report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Vermont wish the bill delayed until the report
is printed ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir. The committee
had the impression that the facts and circum-
stances referred to in the report might have
some effect on the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought that perhaps
the report might be read now and the bill
acted on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It had better be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
. Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 162) to restore to the city
of New Orleans the property heretofore occu-
pied by the United States as a branch mint,
reported it with an amendment..
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was recommitted the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 69) relating to
buildings used for military purposes in tho city
of New York, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, who were by a resolution of the Senate
instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the patent laws as to secure to the
Government in all its departments the free use
