1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
his colleagues of the sub-committee will be
able to answer any and every interrogatory that
may be put to them by gentlemen of the House.
1 therefore, Mr. Chairman, now yield the floor
to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
m taking charge of the bill—and I shall not dis-
cuss the general subject of statistics nor of
™®n censuses, though that is an inviting
field, but being anxious that the House shall
give this bill its early consideration and take
such action as shall be deemed best—I shall
confine my self to a brief statement of the details
of the bill and the difference between it and the
law under which the census has been taken for
the last twenty years. And I may assist the
House, perhaps, in understanding the bill if I
can be favored for a few moments with the kind
attention of its members.
The bill should be considered from two points
of view: first, the machinery it sets up for
taking the census"; and second, the character
and number of the inquiries to be made. I
speak now of the census proper connected with
the bill, as compared with the former law, as to
the matter of representation, concerningwhich,
as an incidental topic, I shall have a few words
to say before I conclude.
And first in regard to the machinery for
taking the census. The committee has made
three general changes, as compared with the
old law. And first in regard to the persons
who are to take the census. Heretofore it has
been taken by the marshals. The committee,
after mature consideration, believo that it
ought not longer to be taken by these officers.
Without making an exhausting statement of
the reasons I will say in brief that the mar-
shals are under the control of a Department
of the Government wholly distinct from the
Interior Department, under whose supervision
the census has been taken heretofore, and wo
propose shall still be taken, and the present
law puts these marshals under two masters,
and imposes upon them two distinct classes of
duties which are quite likely to be in collision
with each other.
During and since the war the business of
these marshals has been greatly increased.
The whole internal revenue system has grown
up since the taking of the last census, and
these marshals are every day making arrests
of persons who have committed frauds on the
revenue. Their constabulary force are charged
with far more duty than formerly, and to re-
quire them, with the new odor of arrest upon
them, to take the census would bo prejudicial,
wo think, to the efficient transaction of the
business. It seems that this objection is now
much stronger than it was before the war.
Ajjain, these marshals were not choson be-
cause of any special fitness for a work like this,
but for duties the discharge of which tends to
unfit them to some extent for the work wo are
proposing to require of those who take the
ninth census.
There are but sixty-two marshals in the
United States. Their districts are very un-
equal in size and in amount of popslation.
Out of the whole number of marshals—sixty-
two, as I have just stated—there is in each of
thirty-three of the States and Territories but
one marshal; while in ten States there are two
marshals to each, and in three States three to
each. As an instance of the inequality of these
districts I refer to I may mention that in the '
State of Florida, which in 3860 had a popula-
tion of about one hundred and forty_ thou-
sand, there are two marshals, while in the
great State "of Massachusetts, with a million
and a quarter of inhabitants, there is but one
marshal. It is evident, therefore, that the
duties to be performed by these officers will
be very unequal in different districts. For
these reasons and others which might be named,
we thought a wiser subdivision of the duties
might he made; and it seemed to the com-
mittee that the division into congressional
districts, which is based on an equality of popu-
lation, would be the most equitable and the
most natural arrangement.
We have so provided in the bill. The next
point I desire to call attention to in regard to
the machinery of the bill and its working is the
time occupied in the work under the old law.
In the taking of the earlier censuses the time
was greatly extended; and although in the last
one it was reduced by the law to five months,
yet as a matter of fact the census was not taken
in five months. The time in some localities
was extended, and the results of the census
were not published until the Thirty-Eighth
Congress made a call for them, and late in the
year 1860 we received some of those results in
print. The committee thought that measures
should be adopted in order greatly to abridge
the time for taking the census and for preparing
and publishing its results. We have therefore
provided in this bill that the actual enumera-
tion shall be made in one month, and that all
the results shall be in the hands of the people
within three years from the day of the appoint-
ment of the superintendent, or about two and
a half years from the actual beginning of the
enumeration—that that should be the longest
time allowed for the work.
The third point in regard to the machinery
of the bill to which I wish to call your atten-
tion is that of compensation. Under the old law
compensation was made under an arbitrary
and, perhaps, uncertain rule. For instance,
there was ono rule for paying officers at the
central office, another rule for paying mar-
shals, and still another for paying assistant
marshals. Ono principle of compensation was
adopted for enumerating inhabitants and an-
other for copying and making the returns;
another for taking statistics of manufactures,
and_ still another for taking some of the other
statistics. We thought it wise, instead of allow-
ing mileage and other constructive charges, to
pay a simple per <iicm, with no allowance for
travel nor for anything except for the time
employed and both timo and rate, so that his
time to bo fixed and properly limited.
Those, I believe, are the three character-
istic features in the new machinery for taking
the ccnsus. Perhaps I ought, however, to
mention ono other. In order to facilitate the
prompt taking of the enumeration we have
provided in the bill that schedules of the lead-
ing interests shall bo sent to the people at
least twenty days in advance of the day of
taking the census, so that they may be famil-
iarized with the inquiries to be made ; and I
think wo ought to put it into the law that the
President shall issue his proclamation calling
the attention of the people to the fact that on
a given day they are to be called upon, and
exhorting them to assist in making these re-
turns as perfect as possible. This system of
sending schedules in advance we believe will
abridge the time and make the whole work
less expensive.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him for a moment at this point?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. Before the gentleman leaves
the branch of the subject he is now consider-
ing I desire to ask him why the principle of
congressional district examination and enu-
meration h not applied to cities,; why is that
change made in regard to the cities?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Iwould say,in
reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
"Wood,] that from his own city and from sev-
eral other largo cities representations were
made to the committee which led to intro-
ducing this feature in the bill. There being
several congressional districts in some of the
larger cities, their boundary lines frequently
lie along a main street, and the residence of
a man might be on one side of the street
and his place of business on the other. In
that case it might be doubtful which officer
should claim him. A city is a great organism
in itself, having a kind of personality, and,
like corporations, should be taken as a whole.
We therefore put into the bill a provision that
in case of large cities embracing several con-
gressional districts a city might be included
in one district for the purposes of the census,
if that should be deemed best by the Secretary
of the Interior, instead of having several dis-
tricts in the same city, as in New York, Brook-
lyn, and other large eities. The committee
thought that was a wise suggestion, and for
that reason put it into the bill. It dees not
absolutely require such a course to be pursued;
it authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to so
direct if in his judgment the efficiency of the
service would thereby be promoted. There
was no other reason assigned so far as I
recollect.
I now come to consider very briefly the
schedules themselves. The committee have
been pressed on all sides to put into this bill
inquiries on almost every conceivable interest
in the country. They were compelled to keep
constantly in view the necessity of restraining
the inquiries within reasonable limits. They
felt compelled to reject many things which they
believed it very desirable to put in if it could
be done without endangering the whole. They
determined not to allow the number of inquiries
to extend very greatly beyond those of 1860.
Acting on that principle, therefore, the com-
mittee attempted as far as possible to follow
the old schedules and make changes only for
manifest reasons. Beside mere changes they
have added a few new subjects of inquiry.
I will not here discuss the schedules in detail,
but will point out all the general modifications
that have been made, and then submit a few
general remarks concerning the new features
which have been added.
The old schedule of ''industry other than
agriculture'' was confined almost exclusively to
manufactures, and not only that, but was re-
stricted even there to a class of manufactures
the value of which rose above $500 a year for
each establishment. N ot only that: they were
restricted to establishments that produced what
may be called merchantable articles. Under
the old census if a plumber or gas-fitter, for
instance, did work to the amount of $20,000
for a hotel, as has recently been done for a
hotel in this city, his work, though a valuable
product of industry, could not be put down
under the head of manufactured articles, and
his industry would not bo included in the
return. We have tried to correct this defect.
In addition to that we have extended the
operations of that schedule to mining. Within
the last twenty years the great mining interest
of this country has developed into stupendous
proportions, and we thought it worthy of a
place in the ninth census. We have therefore
adapted one of the schedules to the business
of mining, so that the mineral products of the
country maybe brought in among the products
of industry.
The fishing interest, also, was not provided
for in the old law. Now, into the port of a
single city on the Atlantic coast over a million
dollars' worth of oysters are brought annually ;
yet the whole of this industry and the whole of
our lake, river, and ocean fisheries are omit-
ted from the exhibit we have heretofore had
of our national industry. The committee
thought this interest worthy of a special sched-
ule, and have assigned to it schedule No. 5.
Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman from Ohio
will permit me, I would like to make a single
suggestion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
_ Mr. PAINE. _ I discover in this bill provis-
ions ^for obtaining information under all the
schedules to which the gentleman has referred
down to schedule No. 5, relating to the fish-
eries. I wish to inquire in what part of the
bill are to be found the provisions for obtain-
ing information under the fifth and following
schedules?
Mr. _ GARFIELD, of Ohio. The general
provision that the superintendent shall attend to
the execution of the provisions of this bill when
