1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5125
States. For twenty years I have been their
friend, and I have resisted their oppression.
I am the only man almost who has taken an
active part here to be their friend at this ses-
sion. I have brought forward a bill to relieve
them from odious exactions and persecutions;
but here is a problem that is more serious;
here is a problem that ought to be understood
before it is acted on; and now I ask, before
there is action, if I may speak without any
Senator accusing me of violating an agree-
ment? ["Yes."]
Mr. POMEROY. Is not the Senator speak-
ing all the time?
Mr. STEWART. I want to know what is
the sense of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I think seriously every
conceivable amendment was in the under-
standing when we agreed to vote on the bill
and amendments.
Mr. SUMNER. And allow me to say that
this proposition of mine was on the table of
the Senate, reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. POMEROY. If a bill to remove polit-
ical disabilities had been moved it would have
been an amendment liable to the agreement.
Mr. SUMNER. Senators all about me un-
derstood that I would offer it.
Mr. STEWART. Now, I undertake to say
upon this question that I am the judge of my
own honor and duty. 1 have discussed this
proposition no more than the Senator from
Massachusetts, and I am the judge of my own
honor and my own duty, and I should be
recreant to my duty if I did not undertake to
discuss it. Now, what is the proposition?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let me offer my amend-
ment.
Mr. STEWART. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer an amendment;
to insert:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to authorize the naturalization of persons
born in the Chinese empire.
Mr. STEWART. Now, what is the condi-
tion of the Chinese? About twenty years ago,
after the discovery of gold in California, cer-
tain companies organized for the purpose of
importing Chinese to work in the mines. There
are six Chinese companies organized for the
purpose of bringing Chinese to 
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator if he
will not give way for an adjournment?
Mr. STEWART. No; I want to go on.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us discuss it on the
4th of July.
Mr. STEWART. I have the floor and shall
not give way for a motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada is entitled to the floor and
must be protected in it.
Mr. STEWART. About twenty years ago
they were brought over there to operate in the
mines. The people of California imposed upon
them foreign miners' licenses in a very oppress-
ive manner. That I always resisted. There
were other exactions imposed upon them. They
were a toiling community, the most harmless
in the world so far as that is concerned ; but
the great mass of them were bound to certain
obligations.
And here I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to the situation of the Chinese coolies
who were brought to this country. They were
brought here under the same system under
which they were taken to the West India isl-
ands ; the same system that has made slaves
of them in the Spanish dominions. They wore
brought here under precisely similar contracts
made in Asia. They were brought here under
contracts whereby they gave in security their
families to be sold into slavery if they violated
those contracts. They were brought here under
contracts to labor a certain number of years
and be returned to those families, dead or alive.
The poor coolies have kept those contracts,
have behaved themselves as well as any people
could: but still they are not free men. They
are brought here and held to service. I am
anxious that they shall be liberated. We have
taken from them the oppressive laws that State
and territorial legislation imposed upon them.
We have a bill pending to break up these coolie
contracts.
Sir, the Senate do not comprehend or under-
stand this question. Suppose those contracts
should be sufficient to bind them to become
naturalized and to vote as their masters pre-
scribe, is that the kind of citizens you want to
invite here ? Do you want to extend natural-
ization to men who are liable to be dictated to
by their masters who brought them here as to
how they shall vote? These contracts that
bind them -to labor for a certain number of
years will bind them to any other kind of ser-
vice. They have contracted that their dead
bodies shall be returned to China. Is it a part
of the theory of our Government that the mock-
ery of naturalization shall be entered upon with
men who have contracted that their dead bodies
shall be taken from the country, and who have
pledged their families to be sold into slavery
as a security that they will comply with their
contracts and obey the behests of their masters
who have brought them here? Are they fit
subjects for naturalization?
Is it not the duty of a humane Congress first
to see that no more coolies are imported into
this country under these contracts? Let us
liberate them; and then when a Chinaman is
naturalized, if that time should come, let him
be naturalized because he is a freeman, and
because he voluntarily chooses to become an
adopted citizen, because he becomes attached
to our furm of government.
Why, sir, you have no means of administer-
ing oaths to Chinamen. They do not under-
stand the obligation of your oath. I am in
favor of allowing them to come into court and
tell their story, and leave to the jury to de-
cide as to the weight of their testimony. I
am in favor of allowing anybody who has been
injured or aggrieved to do that.. But they would
understand as little of the oath that is to be
administered to them with regard to natural-
ization as would the wild beasts of the forest.
To tliem it would be simply jargon. But the
oath that they took that they would be true to
their own allegiance ; that they would be true
to their pagan faith ; that they would be true to
their pagan master; that they would redeem
their families and not allow them to be sold
in slavery, they will keep.
Sir, they have not applied to become citi-
zens. Let us wait awhile. Let this question
be examined and understood before we attempt
any such legislation as this. The Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] smiles. Sir, we have
in Nevada as good a Republican party as there
is in Kansas. Although we have not a large
majority, we have never failed once. Nevada
was the first State to ratify the fifteenth amend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator did not
notice what I was smiling about.
Mr. STEWART. Sir, I say Nevada was
the first State that ratified the fifteenth amend-
ment. The Republicans of Nevada have stood
up to all the advanced issues of the day. We
have some ten or fifteen thousand Chinese in
that State. Every good man in the State is in
favor of protecting them to the utmost. If the
time shall come when they shall be fit for natu-
ralization, when they shall be fit for citizen-
ship, when they shall renounce their pagan
allegiance, when they shall come here as free-
men, then it will raise a different question. It
is not prejudice against the Chinese; but the
real objection is to naturalizing men who have
no interest in the Government, who are slaves,
who can be driven up and naturalized, and
their votes disposed of as their labor is dis-
posed of.
Do you want to have the Chinese slaughtered
on the Pacific coast? Do you.want to render
their friends entirely helpless? Do you want
their extermination? Do you want to make
us utterly powerless for their good? Then
pass this bill. Why, sir, how will it operate?
It will be two years before any Chinaman can
be naturalized under it. What will be done in
the mean time? Why, sir, the conviction that
the Chinaman is not fit for naturalization will
seize every man who has thought on the sub-
ject at all, and the thoughtful men, those who
are really desirous of protecting them, will be
overpowered by the mob element that seeks to
exterminate the Chinese. Our moral support
will be gone ; we shall be helpless ; and they
will be slaughtered before any one of them can
be naturalized under your bill.
It was not so with the negro. I,stated here,
at the time that question was up, that there was
no danger of a war of races if you placed the
ballot in the hands of the negro; that that
would be his sure protection. I stated that
more than four years ago, and for that object
I labored. I lahored to place the ballot in his,
hands at once that he might defend himself;
But suppose you had promised to give him the
ballot two years hence, suppose you had passed
a law that after two years the negro should have
the ballot, do you not believe that he would
have perished in those two years? But the
ballot has made him respectable and powerful.
Now you propose to pass a law that two
years hence so many Chinamen as declare
their intentions this year may become natural-
ized. Before the two years are over our efforts
in their behalf will fail. They will be perse-
cuted—persecuted to an extent that will make
humanity blush. I know what the result will
be. The fact that we are trying to do an un-
reasonable thing ; the fact that we are trying
to make American citizens out of pagans, who
are bound by obligations such as no other race
of men are—obligations which will make them
sacrifice themselves and their families—will
only result in their oppression and slaughter.
-Why, sir, I have seen a Chinaman commit
suicide because a piece of his cue was cut off
by a ruffian. I prosecuted the ruffian for that
offense. I have been the Chinaman's friend.
But look at the faith he has. That cue was a
badge of his religion, a badge of his loyalty to
his Government. It was only a little piece of
hair, but yet it was the badge of his loyalty to
his Government and of his faith, and because
the cutting it off made him an outcast among
his people he took his own life. Is a person
thus situated, thus bound to paganism, fit to
become an American citizen?
You say that none but those who swear that
they abjure their allegiance to all foreign Gov-
ernments can become citizens of the Dnited
States. What is your oath to him? You have
no way of administering an oath to him. I
examined that question nearly twenty years
ago. I sent for Chinese interpreters, Chinese
missionaries, friends of the Chinese, and I
found that there was no obligation we could
impose upon them that they could understand.
They understand the obligations of their own
religion, the obligations of their own faith, the
obligations to be obedient to their own Gov-
ernment; but your forms of oaths are not
regarded by them. The most intelligent of the
Chinese who understand the question admit it.
Still I say they should be allowed to go into
court and tell their story. The jury will under-
stand it, and they will give it such weight as it
is entitled to from corroborating circumstances.
I believe in bringing them into court. After
awhile they may abandon their heathen faith
and have some glimmering of the obligations
of our religion, the obligations of our Govern-
ment.
Mr. T1IURMAN. The Senator from Nevada
gives way to enable me to make a motion to
adjourn, he maintaining the floor. I make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and at seven
o'clock p. in. the Senate adjourned.
