1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Will lie inform the House
whether there is any evidence showing how
these persons whom he claims were illegal
voters voted—for whom they cast their votes?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Then will he refer us to
the pages of the testimony?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. If the gen-
tleman will take up the report he will find that
in every instance it gives the pages and the
names of the witnesses.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Will the gentleman give
us the page ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. If you will
look to that portion of the report in relation
to the first ward of the city of Newburg you
will find it. It is all there ; and if the gentle-
man wants to understand it he can do so by
looking at the report. There was not a vote
thrown out in this whole record unless the
evidence showed that the man voted a ticket
with a Democratic heading and was brought to
the polls by Democrats* The best evidence
that is known to exist around the ballot-box is
Eresented in this record. The Republicans
ad their tickets printed upon a certain kind
of paper and with a certain heading, and the
Democrats had theirs likewise, and every intel-
ligent man knew from the tickets men had and
who brought them to the polls how they voted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Am I to understand the
gentleman from Tennessee, then, as basing his
judgment solely upon the fact that the voters
were brought to the polls by Democrats?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. No, sir; the
witnesses in many instances swear that they
saw them vote, that the men had Democratic
tickets and told them how they voted. It is
very easy for us to understand how these things
are carried on.
I desire now to refer to a few things which
were said yesterday by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Burr] on the subject of natural-
ization. I stated in my opening remarks, and
I repeat here to-day, that this record does not
show a single instance where one of these eight
hundred men was naturalized according to the
laws of the State ofNew York and ofthe United
States; not that they were not entitled to have
been properly naturalized, for doubtless some
of them were; but according to this record not
one of that number has been shown to have been
legally naturalized.
I remarked yesterday that this man Cudde-
back figured badly as a witness, and that his
testimony could not be relied upon for any
purpose. Why did I say so ? Because I find
by this record, pages 133 and 140, that he
issued papers to ten men who had had their
first papers less than two years, the time pre-
scribed Dy law. Could he have been mistaken ?
Was there any ground for mistake? No ; the
presumption is that he had the first papers
before him. The law required every party to
exhibit his first papers, and two years must have
elapsed from the issuing of the first papers
before he could be entitled to the se cond. And
here are ten instances in those two pages in
which Cuddeback acted corruptly, if the whole
rcord proves anything. Here are men natural-
ized without witnesses, and their papers are
signed by this man Cuddeback.
I stated yesterday that the court there was
composed of but one judge, and that when
Judge George walked off there was no court
there. That was controverted by my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Burr.] Yet on page 44 of j
the evidence the witness swears that there was j
nobody on the bench. I again ask the ques-
tion, State when the judge was upon the bench
at any time that any one of the eight hundred
men naturalized in the county of Orange in the
fall of 1868 obtained his naturalization papers.
There is no pretense that any other judge sat
upon the bench when naturalization was going
on except Judge George; and he walked off
and told his true friend, Cuddeback, that he
would come back in the evening to go on with ,
his work of naturalization; that the court was I
in session. It makes no difference whether
these parties were entitled to naturalization or
not. The question is, were they naturalized
according to law ? If not, is this House to give
such a proceeding their sanction?
Another statement which I made yesterday
was that an attempt was made in the county of
Orange to investigate these frauds, and that a
Democratic grand jury, with a Democratic
foreman, suppressed the evidence and would
not allow the proper tribunal to investigate the
matter ; yet you are asked here to cover up
frauds of this character and say that they are
right. The statement I made was controverted.
Now, what is the testimony ? On page 59
the witness swears that the foreman of the
grand jury was Democratic, and that a majority
of the grand jury were Democrats. And what
are the tacts in regard to what took place iti
the grand jury room? The foreman of the
grand jury destroyed a part of the evidence
before anybody could have any knowledge of
it, although the law says it shall be preserved
by the clerk, and the custom has always been
to give the testimony over to the custody of
the district attorney.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Butler] a question.
The SPEAKER. The time for debate has
expired. The question will be first taken upon
the resolution reported by the minority of the
Committee of Elections; then, if that reso-
lution should not be adopted, the question will
be taken upon the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall ;]
and then, if that should not be adopted, tipon
the resolutions of the majority of the com-
mittee.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to modify my resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish merely to change
the phraseology of the resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Very well;
I will hear the change.
The SPEAKER. The resolution as origin-
ally offered and the modification proposed
will be read.
The original resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That by reason of the conflicting char-
acter of the testimony in the contested-election case
from the eleventh congressional district ofthe State
ofNew York, theseat claimed, respectively, as con-
testant and contestee, by Charles H. Van Wyck, and
George W. Greene, is hereby declared to bo vacant,
and the Speaker is directed to notify the Governor
of said State of such vacancy.
The resolution, as proposed to be modified,
was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the election of Representative in
the Forty-First Congress from the eleventh congres-
sional district of the State of New York be, and
hereby is, declared void, and the Speaker is directed
to notify theGovernorof the State of Now York that
the seat of the Representative of said district in this
House is vacant.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I will not
object to the modification as proposed.
The resolution was modified accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon the resolution reported by the minority
of the Committee of Elections.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That Hon. George W. Greeno was legally
elected to the Forty-First Congress, and properly
holds his seat as Representative from the eleventh
congressional district of N ew York.
Mr. BURR. Upon that resolution I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was j
decided in the negative—yeas 56, nays 121, not :
voting 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Barnum, Beck, Biggs,
Bird, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Cox,
Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, Eldridge, Fitch, Getz, Gib-
son, Golladay, Griswold, Haight, Hambleton, IIol-
man, Johnson, Thomas li. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mar-
shall, Mayham, MeCormick, McKenzie, McNeely,
Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Potter, Randall,Read-
ing, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, StileS, Stone, Strader,
Swann, Trimble, Van Auken, VoOrhees, Wells,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Ames Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Axtell, Aver, Bailey,
man, Benjamin, Blair, Boles, Bo.v.l, George
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Uuffinton, Barc-harrl. Bur-
dett, Roderick It. Burler. Cake, Churchill, Clarke,
AmasaCobb.Coburn. Cook. Conger. Covode, Cowles,"
Cullom, Davis. Dickey, Dixon,^Doekery, Donley)
Duval, Dyer, Ela, Fnrnsworth, Ferris^. Forry, F^'i-
kelnlmrg, Fisher, Gilflllnn, ilawley, Heaton, Hef-
lin.Hill, Hour, Hooper, liotehkiss, Inseisoll, Alex-
ander II. Jones, Judii, Julian, Kelley, Kellogs;,
Kelsey, Lawrence, Logan, Longhrids-e, Lynch)
Maynard, McCarthy, McGrcw-, Mercur, liliakim II.
Moore. Jesse II. Moore, Yv illinm Moore, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill. Myers, Negley, Pack-
ard, I'aine, Palmer, Peters, Phelps. Piatt, Pomeroy,
Porter, Prosser, Roots, Sani'orrl, Sargent, Schenck,
Scolield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon. Porter Shel-
don, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner. Till-
man, Townssnd, Twiohell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn,
Ward, Oadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wheeler, Whittemore, Wilkinson,
Willard, Williams, John X. Wilson, Winans, and
Witcher—121.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Banks, Bcatty,
Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Booker, Bowen, Benia-
min F. Butler, Cessna, Clinton L. Cobb, Dawes,
Deweese, Fox, Garfield, Greene, Huldeman, Hale,
ilamill, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hay, Hoys. Huge,
Jenckes, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash. McOary,
Milnes, Morrissey, O'Neill, Orth, Packer. Poland,
Ridgway, Sawyer, Worthington C. Smith, Sweeney,
and Van Trump—41.
So the resolution was not adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ELDRIDGE said: The gentleman from
Wisconsin, Mr. Sawyer, is paired with the
gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Archer. The
gentleman from Wisconsin, if he were here,
would vote in favor of the claim of Mr. Van
Wyck, while the gentleman from Maryland
would vote in favor of the sitting member.
Mr. SWANN. I have been requested to
announce that my colleague, Mr. IIamill, is
paired with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
Mr. Cessna. My colleague, if here, would
vote in favor of the right of the sitting member,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
vote to give the seat to Mr. Van Wyck.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
substituting for the resolutions reported by the
Committee of Elections the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall.] The Clerk will read the resolution
as modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the election of Representative in
the Forty-First Congress from the eleventh con-
gressional district ofthe State of New York be, and
hereby is, declared void, and the Speaker is directed
tonotify the Governor ofthe Statoof New York that
the seat of the Representative of said districtin this
House is vacant.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
substitute, and it was declared not agreed to.
Mr. ELDRID GE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the substitute was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon agreeing
to the following resolutions, reported by the
Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That Hon. George W. Greene isnot enti-
tled to a seat as a Representative in the Forty-First
Congress from the eleventh district of the State of
New York.
Resolved, That Hon. CharlesH. Van Wyck is enti-
tled to his seat as a Representative in the Forty-First
Congress from the eleventh district of the State of
New York.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for a division of the
question, so that each of these resolutions shall
be voted on separately.
The SPEAKER. A division being called
for, the. question is on agreeing to the first
resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
agreeing to the second resolution.
Mr. BURR. On that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 61, not vot-
ing 38; as follows :
YEAS — Sle&rt. Allison, Airibler, Ames, Ann-
