4182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
mercial prosperity, the official report of only
eighteen States showed one hundred and forty-
seven banks broken, two hundred and thirty-
four closed, and one hundred and thirty-one
worthless. Such was the condition of five
hundred and sixty-two banks, the whole num-
ber in those States being one thousand two
hundred and thirty-one. But there was one
class of paper issues which must not be over-
looked, the vast circulation issued by counter-
feiters. There were in circulation in 1862 about
seven thousand different notes issued by the
fifteen hundred banks. From statistics care-
fully compiled, it was ascertained that there
were in existence, that year, over three thou-
sand kinds of altered notes, seventeen hun-
dred varieties of spurious notes, and over eight
hundred varieties of imitations.
Thus it appears there were more than six
thousand five hundred varieties of fraudulent
notes in circulation ; and the dead weight of all
the losses occasioned by them fell at last upon
the great mass of the people, who were not
expert in such matters. There were in 1862 but
two hundred and fifty-three banks whose notes
had not been altered or imitated.
Let it be remembered that for nearly half a
century a large part of the revenues of the
General Government were received in the notes
of these State banks, in all stages of discredit
and depreciation, and with all the attendant
risks of counterfeit and altered bills. It is a
fact worthy of remembrance that in 1811) the
Secretary of the Treasury was compelled to_
borrow $500,000 to meet a foreign debt of
that amount; and at that moment there were
$22,000,000 surplus funds in the national Treas-
ury, out of which he could not call enough
current funds to meet the demand.
In obedience to a resolution of Congress,
adopted the 7th of January, 1841, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury made a report, showing
thaCfrom 1789 to 1841 three hundred and
ninety-five banks liad become insolvent, and
that the aggregate loss sustained by the Gov-
ernment and people of the United States was
' g3G5,451,497. The report also showed that
the total amount paid by the people of the
United States to the banks, for the use of them,
during theteu years preceding 1841, amounted
to the enormous sum of $282,000,000.
Startling as these figures are, they fall far
short of exhibiting the magnitude of the losses
which this system occasioned. The financial
journals of that period agree in the following
estimate of the losses occasioned by the revul-
sion of18o7:
On bank circulation and deposits S5t.000.000
Jiiuik capital, failed and depreciated  218,000,000
Stato pto<'k depreciated      100,000,000
Company stock dcprcciatcd  80,000,000
Ileal estates depreciated  300,000,000
Total 5782,000,000
Tho State bank system was a chaos of ruin,
in which tho business of the country was again
and again ingulfed. The people rejoice that it
has beenswept away, and will not consent to
its reestablishmeut. In its place we have the
national bank system, based on the bonds of
the United States and sharing the safety and
credit of the Government. Their notes are
made secure, first, by a deposit of Government
bonds worth at least ten per cent, more than
the whole value of the notes; second, by a para-
mount lien on all the assets of the banks;
third, the personal liability of all the share-
holders to an amount equal to the capital
they hold ; and fourth, the absolute guarantee
by the Government to redeem them at the
national Treasury if the banks fail to do so.
Instead of seven thousand different varieties of
notes, as in tho State system, we have now but
ten varieties, each uniform in character and
appearance. Like our flag, they bear the stamp
of nationality, and are honored in every part
of the Union.
Now, I do not speak for the banks ; I have
m .pergonal interest in them ; but I speak for
the interests of trade and the business of the
country, which demand that no measure shall
pass this House which may rudely shock those
interests. These $25,000,000, which are not
likely soon to be required, will be taken when
needed, from States having a great surplus.
About nine million dollars will come from the
banks of New York that have over $1,000,000
of circulation each, and the balance will come
from about eighty-four banks in these other
States which have still greater excess above their
proper proportion. I shall reserve for a later
period in this discussion my remarks on the
funding provision of this bill embodied in the
third, fourth, and fifth sections.
I thank the House for its indulgence and
the patient attention with which I have been
honored.
Mr. COX obtained the floor.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to offer an amendment to be printed
with the other amendments.
Mr. COX. I will do so.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I offer an amendment,
to strike out the fifth section of this bill, which
I desire to have printed.
The SPEAKER. It will be printed with
the other amendments offered.
Mr. COX addressed the House in remarks
which will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont. Mr. Speaker,
the bill reported by the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and now before the House for
its action, is one of general interest and great
importance. In itgreat and pressing problems
are preseuted, and vital issues involved. Next
to the safety and unity of the Republic, and
the establishment of justice, and the guarantee
of equal rights, the promotion of the general
welfare comes firstin the constitutional order of
governmental duty. Happily the first, through
heroic deeds and willing but costly sacrifices,
is assured. The next is being rapidly secured
upon the sure foundations of equality before
the law and the exerciso of a free suffrage.
The last remains to be accomplished through
such wise legislation as shall secure to tho
whole people a stable and sound currency for
the safe and profitable transaction of their daily
and constant business operations, the judicious
encouragement which shall steadily promote
all their industries, and that relief from all
unnecessary and unjust burdens of taxation
which shall stimulate and make prosperous all
those enterprises which tend to the develop-
ment, and increase of individual and national
wealth. Individual and national prosperity is
best and only secured when labor meets with
a steady demand and just reward; when enter-
prise is encouraged and stimulated; when trade
is active and remunerative, and when the
varieties of industries and pursuits of the whole
people are fostered and promoted.
To secure these desirable and beneficial re-
sults it is of prime and essential importance
that there should be a currency or circulating
medium by which the exchanges of labor and
commodities can be effected readily and safely.
The great desiderata of such a medium of ex-
change are, that it should be ample in volume
for all the movements and transactions of busi-
ness; that it should be uniform in value in all
parts of the countrjy and that it should be
measured by a uniform and real standard and
rest upon a stable foundation of actual and
expressed value. In the rude stages of civil-
ization exchanges were made in barter; prop-
erty was exchanged for property, things for
things. But as society advanced, as popula-
tion increased, as civilization took on higher
forms, a medium or representative of exchange
was adopted. A monetary system became a
necessity, and gold and silver, as expressed
forms of real and concentrated value, became
the medium. But with the increase of com-
merce, the enlargement of trade, and the ad-
vancing refinements of life, a more convenient
medium became necessary, and paper, as a rep-
resentative of coin, was adopted as a more per-
fect medium for all the exchanges of property
and values.
The gathered wisdom and experience of the
commercial world has now accepted and ap-
proved of paper money, based upon and con-
vertible into gold, as the highest type and most
useful and safe form of currency. lu the light
of such experience and judgment, we come
now to inquire what is the form and condition
of the currency of this country, and to consider
what is the duty of the Government in regard
to it. It is not proposed here to discuss ox-
explain at length the causes that produced or
necessitated the present unstable, unnatural,
and unfortunate condition of our currency. It
will suffice to say, that to carry on the gigantic
operations of a war waged for the supremacy
of the Government and enforcement of law, it
was found necessary to issue, in addition to
enormous sums of interest-bearing securities,
large and excessive amounts of United States
notes payable on demand; and in order to
secure their currency, to force upon them the
quality of legal tender, thereby ignoring or
setting aside the commercially recognized and
constitutional standard of money value, and
demonetizing gold.
Though the privilege of converting these
notes into interest-bearing bonds was at first
accorded, and thus the purpose and expecta-
tion of the Government manifested to some-
time retire and pay them, the increasing neces-
sities of the war required the withdrawal of
the privilege, and the whole issue became and
still remains inconvertible and irredeemable.
To the discredit and dishonor of the Govern-
ment most of th'ose legal-tender and demand
notes are still in circulation, and form a large
portion of the currency of the country. In the
progress of the war, and in consequence of
the varying and uncertain value of the notes
of State hanks, and for the further purpose of
having safe and established agencies for absorb-
ing and negotiating the Government bonds, it
was deemed necessary to legislate out of exist-
ence all State bank institutions and to organize
and establish in their stead national banking
associations, with a circulation guarantied by
the Government but secured by a deposit ot
United States bonds.
The notes issued by these national banks,
amounting to about three hundred million dol-
lars, and the legal-tender notes of the Gov-
ernment in addition to the fractional notes,
amounting to the aggregate of about four hun-
dred million dollars form the entire amount
of our currency. It is large if not ample in
amount, but it lacks the essential quality of
value. It is vitiated by reason of its divorce-
ment from real money, and stands forced to
an arbitrary and unreal standard, to the con-
stant injury of business and ihe dishonor of
the Government. All healthy industry and
all legitimate trade need and demand a fixed
standard of value or its paper representative,
always convertible into the standard itself, and
cry out against a continuance of tho existing
system of national impoverishment and dis-
grace. It is because the Government demand
notes, long overdue, are still unfundable and
irredeemable, and because of the quality of
legal tender that has been forced upon them,
that the whole volume of the currency is
vitiated and debased to the manifest injury of
the national credit and the business interests
of the whole country.
The exigencies of a great war occasioned
the issue and quality of these notes, and the
fearful perils that environed and threatened
the Govern ment would have justified even more
severe and extreme measures for its preserva-
tion. But with peace restored, with the Gov-
ernment strengthened through its conflicts and
victories, and strongin its po wer and resources,
nothing can justify a continuance of an irre-
deemable and depreciated currency ; and it
hence becomes the urgent duty of the Govern-
ment to repair as speedily as possible the injury
which litis been done, and to furnish and assure
