5126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 2, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. CALKIN. I ask that the report of the
Committee on Patents upon the case of A. C.
Twining be ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
BUSINESS OF COMMITTEE OF ELECTIONS.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the attention of the House
for a moment in reference to the business of the
Committee of Elections. It was my purpose to
call up this morning several contested-election
cases and to ask the Hou se to give th e whole day
to the consideration and disposal of those eases;
but I am informed that by special arrange-
ment of the House an hour to-day has been
^signed to the Committee on the Public Lands
at the request of the chairman of that commit-
tee, who feels very anxious that the business
should not be interfered with. It seems also
that the Committee on Patents are desirous to
have their hour this morning. I do not wish
to interfere with the business of these two com-
mittees, and therefore wish to say that I shall
be satisfied if the House will give to the Com-
mittee of Elections to-day after one o'clock,
to be devoted to the consideration of some
seven or eight election eases.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had bet-
ter say half past one. It is now quarter after
eleven.
Mr. PAINE. Very well; let it be half past
one.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to as-
signing to-day's session after half past one
o'clock to business of the Committee of Elec-
tions ?
Mr. ROOTS. I object. I think there is
much more important business that we ought
to attend to.
Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman objects the
only effect of the objection will be to compel
me to go on now with the election cases. The
arrangement I proposed was for the accommo-
dation of the other business of the House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Roots] insist on his objection?
Mr. ROOTS. No, sir. I withdraw it.
ASSESSMENT OF TASKS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. COOK. I ask the House to take from
the Speaker's table the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2106) to amend
the laws regulating the assessment of taxes in
the city of Washington. I shall ask the House
to concur in those amendments.
There being no objection, the amendments
of the Senate were read, as follows:
Change section live to section seven; and after sec-
tion four insert the following additional sections:
Sec.5, Andbeit further enacted, That the mayor of
tile city of Washington, by and with the oonsentof
the board of aldermen thereof, shall appoint an
auditor and a comptroller for said city, each to re-
ceive such annual compensation as shall be fixed by
an act of the corporation of "Washington, and whoso
offices shall he adjacent to that occupied by the I
mayor. It shall be the duty of the auditor to audit '
all accounts against the said corporation, to certify
the same, when found correct, to the comptroller,
and to lclain the originals of all contracts madeand
orders given for all descriptions of work or improve-
ments by the corporation aforesaid. It shall be the
fluty of the comptroller to keep an exact account of
all warrants issued in the manner hereinafter pro-
vided for, and of all taxes levied by the corporation
under their respective heads; to countersign and
keep an accurate rccord of all receipts for taxes or
other revenue of any description whatever, given
by the collector and register, such receipts not to bo
valid 'inless so countersigned; and to compare the
fame daily with the books of the said collector and
register. JGach and every account against the cor-
poration of Washington, when audited and certified
by the auditor, shall be paid by a warrant of the
comptroller, countersigned by the mayor; and in no
cat;e shal! payments be made in any other manner
than provided tor in this act. But no account shall
be paid by warrant or otherwise unless there is a
fund to the credit of that paitioular account. The
money received from any and all sources, for and on
account of tho corporation, shall, on the day of its
receipt, be deposited by the collector and register to
the credit of the city of Washington, in such place
as may be designated as a depository for the funds
of the corporation by an act of the board of alder-
men and board of common council, approved hy the
mayor; and such depository shall, each day that
deposits are made, furnish a statement of the same
to tho comptroller, to be by him filed in his office.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the said
corporation of Washington shall havepower to issue
certificates of indebtedness not to exceed in amount
$600,000, and to bear interest at the rate of seven and
three tenths percent, per annum, and to be redeem-
able within three years from the date of issue; the
said certificates not to be of a loss denomination
than fifty dollars, and to bo receivable for taxes due
said corporation to such amount yearly as said cor-
poration may designate by law; not, however, to
exceed fifty per cent, of the amountdue by any tax-
payer. Andsaid certificates shall bo used for no other
purpose than the payment of the ascertained indebt-
edness of the corporation of Washington to the 6th
day of June, 1870.
Tho amendments were concurred in.
ACCOUNTS 01' IIINTON ROWAN HELPER.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, with an amendment, a bill (8. No.*~
789) to authorize the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to settle and close the account
of Hinton Rowan Helper.
The bill was road. It authorizes and directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to settle and close the accounts of Hinton
Rowan Helper, late consul of the United
States at Buenos Ayres, as set forth and re-
ferred to in his memorial to Congress under
dale of January 17, 1870, upon the principles
of justice and equity. But in effecting a final
settlement no money is to be paid out of the
Treasury.
The Clerk read the amendment of the com-
mittee, as follows:
Add to the bill the following-:
And provided further, That tho whole amount of
compensation paid to the said consul for salary, for
rent, and for clerk hiro shall not cxceed the sum of
$U,000 per annum.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there any appropria-
tion in that bill?
The SPEAKER. It provides that no money
shall be appropriated out of the Treasury. It
merely provides for the adjustment of an ac-
count.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MORNING HOUR.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour belong-
ing to the Committee on the Public Lands now
begins.
LEVI II. WHITNEY.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Oommittee on tho
Public Lands, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1645) granting relief to Levi H. Whitney and
settlers on public lands in California; and
moved that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Laud Claims.
Tho motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL LAND COMPANl*.
Mr. J ULIAN also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (II. R. No. 275) to incor-
porate the National Land Company, for pro-
viding lands for emigrants and freedmen in the
late slaveholding States, and moved that it be
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. BECK. I object to the reference to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to state that there are
no public lands in the reconstructed States,
except that which is dedicated to homesteads,
and therefore the Committee on the Public
Lands have thought they had nothing to do
with this question. It relates properly to the
questions before the Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. WOOD. If that reference be insisted
on I shall move that the bill be laid upon the
table.
Mr. BECK. The reason I object is, that
the Committee on Reconstruction have closed
their work with every State except Georgia,
and we hope that State will soon be admitted
and that committee go out of existence.
Mr. JULIAN. I will move that it be re-1
ferred to the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Air. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to recons'ider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
Mr. JULIAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (H. K. No. 66) to for-
bid the conveyance of Indian reservations by
treaty to any other guarantee than the United
States, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The preamble states that sundry treaties
between theUnited States and different Indian
tribes have heretofore been concluded, by
virtue of which large bodies of land have been
transferred (o individuals and corporations in
contravention of the spirit and policy of tho
preemption and homestead laws of the United
States; and the lands now known as Indian
reservations, on the extinguishment of the
Indian title thereto, should become the prop-
erty of the United States, and a part of the
public domain thereof, and cannot rightfully be
disposed of otherwise. The bill then provides
that in any treaty which may hereafter be con-
cluded between the United States and any
Indian tribe, by which the title of such tribe to
their lands shall be divested, the same shall be
conveyed directly to the United States, and shall
thenceforward be subject to the authority of
Congress in the same manner as all other public
lands.
Mr. JULIAN. One word only will be neces-
sary to explain that fail!. A very bad practice
has grown up here of allowing the conveyance
of Indian reservations to be made by treaty to
railroad corporations and to private monopo-
lies, in derogation of the rights of the United
States over the public domain aud the rights
of settlers. It is to remedy that evil we report
this bill, requiring that whenever an Indian
tribe parts with their lands the title shall be
conveyed directly to the United States, and the
lands be subject to the rights of preemption and
settlement as other public lands.
Mr. SARGENT. The object of the bill is un-
questionably excellent. But we have determ-
ined by the vote of the House several times
during the last two years that we will not rec-
ognize any treaties made with Indian tribes,
and it seems to mo that this bill, while it may
be all right as applying to any lands which may
have heretofore been acquired, ought not to.
concede that treaties can legally be made with
Indian tribes.
Mr. J ULIAN. In answer to the gentleman
from California, I have to say that this House
has repeatedly enacted and reenacted the very
proposition before the House. I do not under-
stand that by this bill we recognize the right
of the Senate and the Indians, in connection
with the Executive, to deal with the public lands
of the United States. But we say that in any
treaty hereafter to be made, by which the title
to Indian lands may be divested, the land shall
be conveyed directly to the United States.
Mr. SARGENT. The point I make is that
we ought not to estop ourselves on this point.
We say that no more treaties shall be made
with the Indians. We think the principle and
practice all wrong, and we wish to stop it.
And it seems to me that having taken that
position on the Indian appropriation bill, it is
