1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4183
to the people a circulating medium sufficient in
quantity , uniform in value, and possessing the
essential qualities of elasticity and converti-
bility. And here we meet the great and vital
questions of what shall be the kind or form of
such a currency, and how shall these neces-
sary qualities be imparted to it?
Many and conflicting have been the plans
ana theories which have been advanced and
urged as the true solution and adjustment of
these questions. But a thorough examination
and careful analysis of them all will, we think,
resolve them into two plans or systems. One
is for a currency furnished and issued exclu-
sively by the Government, with the Treasury
as the place and agent for its redemption, and
a reserve or supply of gold constantly on hand
adequate to all the contingencies of presenta-
tion of notes for redemption or exchange. The
other is for a currency issued by banks author-
ized by the Government, secured by a deposit
of United States bonds, and with a reserve
of coin sufficient to insure its value and its
redemption whenever required .
As to the first, however satisfactory or desir-
able a Government currency might be, it can-
not be useful or effective unless there shall be
given to the Government, through its Treasury,
a power of control over its notes that shall be
able to so regulate the volume of its issues
and to so adjust the receipts and disburse-
ments as to secure elasticity to the currency,
and so meet the varying wants of commerce
and trade. In other words, such a system
would necessitate the establishment of a Gov-
ernment bank with its branches, located in
different parts of the country, but all tributary
to the central institution, and controlled by
one central management. In fact, some of the
shrewdest and most sagacious financiers, who,
from long study and experience, understand
well and thoroughly the wants and movements
of business and the relations of currency to all
the trade and industrial interests of the coun-
try, frankly avow that a Government currency
will render necessary a Government bank.
On this point I refer to the able Comptroller
of the Currency. In his last annual report, in
discussing the question of currency, he well
says:
"There aro two requisites to a sound currency,
convertibility and elasticity, and either of tho two
involves tho other. Tho present currency of the
United States possesses neither of these requisites.
The very moment Government issues ;tre made re-
deemable they will cease to answer tho purposes
of currency, for after they are redeemed they are in
the Treasury, and cannot be again paid out except
upon appropriations made bylawin accordance with
the constitutional provision, and consequently can-
not again be put in circulation, except as disburse-
ments may be necessary to pay expenses and debts
of the Government. So that Government circula-
tion is not convertible, and therefore is not elastic,
and cannot be made so without a radical change in
the organization of the United States Treasury, by
which it should be converted into a huge banking
institution calculated toreceive deposits, make loans,
and otherwise perform the functions of   national
bank. If the Treasury were redeeming its issues
large amounts would be presented for paymentwhen
money was plenty; but as the return ot this money
to the channels of trade would depend upon the
disbursements of the Government there could be
no certainty that it would find its way back when
needed."
Government banks are a necessary part of
and proper appendage to monarchical and im-
perial forms of government; for the control of
the money power is essential to the safety, and
hence must be wielded in the interest and for
the support of the Crown and the reigning
dynasty. But they are foreign and inimical to
a government of the people, and never should
be allied to it. The late civil war, and the
measures resulting from and made necessary
by it, have given a powerful tendency to the
centralization and consolidation of power in
the General Government. It would be unwise,
unrepublican, and dangerous now to invest it
with the control of the vast moneyed power of
the nation.
The country has experienced one great and
exciting struggle for the overthrow of a Gov-
ernment bank and the divorcement of the
Treasury from such an institution, and wisely,
as I believe, the operations of the Treasury of
the United States have been restricted to'the
collection, safe-keeping, and disbursement of
the public money according to law. It is true
that duringthe late war large and discretionary
powers were accorded to the Secretary of the
Treasury, to meet and provide for great and
unforeseen financial emergencies. But now all
such powers should be withdrawn, and the
Secretary should be simply an administrative
officer, required faithfully and rigidly to exe-
cute the laws made in the name of the people
for his guidance, and should be held to a strict
accountability for the execution of his trust.
But I am aware, sir, that it is proposed by
some who favor a Government currency, but
recognize the necessity of giving it elasticity, or
a ready power of adaptation to the varying
requirements of business, to avoid the necessity
and danger of a Government bank by issuing
what they term a convertible bond, bearing a
rate of interest not exceeding three and sixty-
five hundredths per cent, per annum, into
which, when currency is redundant or in excess
of a legitimate business demand, the surplus
may be converted, and upon surrender of which
currency may be drawn from the Treasury
when greater activity of business shall require
it. Such a scheme may justly be termed a
plan of the brokers, speculators, and city cap-
italists. It certainly would be an admirable
scheme for aiding and fostering all sorts of
speculative movements and operations, and
prove a powerful and profitable auxiliary in
advancing and depressing the stock markets.
Beyond this it would probably prove inade-
quate and delusive.
As furnishing a mode and facility for with-
drawing circulation whenever, from dullness of
trade or otherwise, the currency might be in
excess, it would unquestionably be successful.
Capitalists and money-lenders, when money
was plethoric and cheap, would find it an easy
and remunerative way of making call loans on
unquestionable security and at a fair rate of
interest; and under its operation a redundant
currency would readily retire into the Treas-
ury; and so long as the depositors of currency
should choose to keep it in the vaults of the
Treasury, the Government would have the high
satisfaction of paying them interestforthe priv-
ilege of storing it. But the redundancy hav-
ing disappeared, and the currency being even
made scarce by this process, what shall make
it plentiful again, or draw it into the channels
of business? With no power in the Treasury
to disburse the, circulation so converted except
in payment of Government indebtedness, and
with no power to loan, it can be drawn out
only upon the presentation of the convertible
bonds issued for it. It is well known and un-
derstood that whenever there is a dullness of
trade, or at seasons of the year when the crops
have been marketed, and the country mer-
chants have called in their dues from their
customers and made their remittances to the
city, the circulation rapidly gathers and accu-
mulates at the money center. There, under
the exchangeability plan, it will quickly and
naturally be converted by bankers and capital-
ists into the interest-paying Government bonds.
But when the crops require to be moved, or
a revival of business activity takes place, and
a consequent demand for increase of currency
arises, the great and important business inter-
ests of the country must patiently wait upon
the pleasure of the holders of convertible bonds
for a supply. If they shall graciously choose
to present their bonds and exchange them for
the currency they have locked up, and shall
place it on the market for loan, then a tem-
porary sufficiency may perhaps be obtained.
But such a system would be unequal, oppress-
ive, and intolerable. It might operate accept-
ably where the treasury is located, butwillnot
answer in the country towns and villages. The
merchants, the manufacturers, the produce
buyers, and the large class of active, busy men
who carry on the great business enterprises of
the day, and whose activities and contributions
make the streams of wealth which flow frpm
all parts of the country with gathering foree
and volume to the commercial marts and money
centers, are the ones who desire and need to
borrow money.
But such men have their capital invested in
their business, and the securities they have to
offer for loans of money are their own notes
and the notes of their debtors. These might
be good and negotiable at home, but they would
not be available at the Treasury to secure cur-
rency. Nothing but convertible bonds would
be available there, and such bonds would un-
avoidably be in the hands and at the control
of comparatively a few. A system of exchange-
able bonds would be further objectionable by
reason of the facility it would furnish and the
temptation it would offer for enormous and
reckless speculation. It would not only tempt
stock brokers and operators through combina-
tions to retire and safely lock up large amounts
of currency in the Treasury vaults, but would
actually pay them a premium to the extent of
the interest allowed upon the bonds for so
doing. The natural accumulations of currency
at the money center at certain seasons of the
year under the regular operations of business
furnish sufficient opportunity and temptation.
Would it not be unwise to offer greater facility
or stronger inducement than already exists?
But a Government currency resting upon a
sound basis of coin, with the Treasury as the
redeeming agent and without any mode of
exchangeability to give it the elasticity which
trade requires, would operate still more injuri-
ously; for in addition to the withdrawal of
currency by conversion into coin for the pay-
ment of duties we should have the contraction
occasioned by the exchange for coin to pay
foreign indebtedness. We should also have the
contingencies of speculating combinations to
withdraw and contract currency in order to
produce a stringency in the monejmarkct, and
the further contraction incident to the varying
volume of revenue collections. To meet these
retirements of circulation there would be no
relief, no way by which currency oould be
restored to the channels of business and trade
except through the tardy, uncertain, and un-
equal disbursements of the Government in
payment of its obligations. Such a system
would embarrass and paralyze all the business
interests of the country. Hence, again would
arise a necessity for a Government bank to
make discounts, furnish loans, and perform all
the functions of a banking institution.
Such being in brief a statement of some of
the objections to a Government circulation, the
question arises, what under all the conditions
of our situation is the best and most desirable
kind of currency; how shall we secure enough
of it to promote and foster all our varied inter-
ests, and how shall it be made sound and stable?
It is a question of urgent pressing importance,
and the honor of the Government and. the wel-
faie of the people are equally involved in its
solution. It cannot, perhaps, be fairly claimed
that the present national banking system is
unobjectionable or faultless. B-ut we think its
faults or defects are not inherent,, but are such
as judicious legislation can and should correct.
The conditions of its origin and establishment,
the abnormal condition of the Government
finances, the hostility of State bank interests,
sectional jealousy and partisan opposition, have
all conspired to retard and prevent such legis-
lation as would have improved if not perfected
the system, and made it alike useful and pop-
ular, the ally and supporter of the Govern-
ment, the friend and promoter of the interests
of the people. . ,
Have we not now reached a period ana a
condition where we can wisely and safely en-
large and perfect the system ? The exigencies
of the war demonstrated the inability ol State
banks to supply the enormous demands of the
Government for currency, and resort was there-
