1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
necessary to answer the question suggested in
the paper which has just been read ; but as my
friend from Kansas requests an answer I will
say that the present organization or numbering
of .the House took effect, I believe, on the 4th
day of March, 1863, and manifestly will run
until the 4th of March, 1878. The census to
be taken next June ought, of course, to be
completed so far as the taking is concerned by
the 1st day of July. I am reported-—and cor-
rectly reported—as saying what is stated in that
article, but how the Legislature of Kansas,
which meets this winter, can redistrict that
State for the next Congress is more than I can
see. We shall not know until next fall what
will be the basis of representation, and, as a
matter of course, the redisricting by any State
must be done after the number of districts it
is to have shall have been ascertained. There
is nothing in this bill that will permit even the
supposition that the next Congress can be
affected by its provisions, and so far as I know
there is no precedent for such a thing.
Mr. PAINE. Let me inquire, then, under
what law the people of Kansas will choose their
Representative or Representatives at the next
congressional election?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Under the pres-
ent law.
Mr. PAINE. Bat, Mr. Chairman, the
twenty-sixth section of this bill proposes to
repeal the present law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If there is a
defect in the phraseology of that repealing
clause we must amend it.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, this branch of
the question is exceedingly important, and !
think it is due to the House and to the public
that the gentleman from Ohio should bo more
explicit and rather more clear in his explana-
tion. As I understand him he proposes in this
bill to fix the number of members of this House,
and it is also proposed that the census shall be
completed by the 1st of next July. While ho
proposes to fix the ratio of representation, yet
he proposes to deny the Legislature next winter
from acting under what wo have done to pro-
vide for the election of the members from then-
State. I say that it is not sufficient to make
these declarations; that we must go further to
prevent the State Legislature from acting under
what Congress is now providing.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say to
the gentleman from New \ ork that ii there
should be such a necessity I will join him m
putting such a clause in the bill. The com-
mittee had no such intention as is alleged, and
I do not think there is any such clause m the
bill, unless, indeed, it should be by the repeal
of the old clause. I have not thought that tlio
repeal would woi'k that way ; but it it docs we
can make an amendment.
I desire to say to the House m regard to tin:
whole matter of representation, that there arc
iust two ways in which the Government has
settled the question. For the first fitly years
of the Government it was settled by faxing not
the number of members of the House, but tue
number of population which should be entitled
to a Representative ; and when that was fixed
dividing the total population by that numoer
and letting the size of the House be the result
of that division. For fifty years the size of tho
House of Representatives was so determined.
In 1840 a change was made in that respect alter
a long and most searching debate. The result
of that debate was that they fixed the number
of members of the House, and finding the total
population, divided that by the number oi mem-
bers and got the basis for each Representative.
After considerable deliberation the committee
thought it best not to reawaken that old issue.
For myself I believe that the old method was
more democratic, more in accordance wita the
spirit of American institutions. I see no reason
why the House of Representatives should be
crystalled, fossilized into one fixed stature and
let the Senate grow continually by the addi
tion of new States. I see no good reason why
the representative body should not grow with
the growth of the Republic. I believe that
the old method was the wisest, which was to
fix the number of people entitled to a Repre-
sentative and let the number grow. with the
growth of the people. We have risen from
83,000 population in 1Y90 for a single Repre-
sentative up to 127,000 people for one Repre-
sentative in 1860. If the country has grown
during this decade as it has done m the past
we should probably find in 1870 not less than
175,000 people to a Representative, it the old
basis, as provided under the present law,
should be continued.
The committee thought that we ought not
thus to keep the House stationary. While the
Senate has grown nearly fifty per cent, in
twenty years, there has not been a single addi-
tion to the House except by a special and ex-
ceptional act. The committee have left a blank
in tho bill at this point, that the House may
insert whatever number is thought best. _±>ut
the committee, when they reach that section,
will move to fill the blank with anumber which
wo have this morning agreed upon. I may
mention that that number is three hundred.
ought to say, however, that there were differ-
ences in the committee on this point, some
favoring that and some favoring two hundred
and seventy-five. .
I have nothing further to say upon this topic,
except to supply an omission 1 made in the
early part of my remarks. I spoke of the
schedules and of the various classes of inform-
ation which they embraced; but, in addition
to the schedules, the committee have put in
one section which they deem very important,
and to which they invite the thoughtful atten-
tion of the Ilouse. 1 allude to the lengthy
section in regard to transportation. We did
not wisli to incumber the schedules with the
inquiries there embraced, and with that view
the committee prepared the twenty-seventh sec-
tion, providing that the superintendent, having
his office hero in Washington, shall obtain and
present in the census report full statistics of
transportation, a subject never lieretolore
touched upon in the census. These statistics
will embrace, first of all, railroad transporta-
tion ; then canal and river navigation; and
there is also provision made for obtaining re-
turns of tho business of our lake and ocean
transportation.
I am disposed to believe, Mr. Chairman, now
that, slavery is dead, that the next great fight
in this country will be against corporations.
And I believe'it is high time, not perhaps to
inaugurate that conflict, but to require of these
great corporations that have to do with the
transportation of the wealth of this country,
that hold in their hands almost the whole trado
of the nation, that we shall at least require of
them to tell us what they are doing with the
national wealth which is in their hands. The
committee has offered, I know, a very lengthy
section, but one to which I trust the House
will give a favorable consideration; and if it
shall be adopted, and it can be done without
incumbering the enumerators with the work,
(it can be done without the census-takers proper
touching it at all; it can be done by direct
correspondence with the chief of the depart-
ment in Washington,) the committee believe
that the result will be of immense value in
throwing a flood of light upon that great, and
increasing interest.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman what provision is made to compel cor-
porations to give this information.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is a sec-
tion ou that subject in the bill, and the only
question is whether it is stringent enough.
Mr. DAVIS. That section only imposes a
penalty of thirty dollars for refusing informa-
tion to furnish which the clerical expense of
any corporation will reach at least $500.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is the pen-
alty imposed upon any person refusing to an-
swer questions in regard to population, &c. In
the same section the gentleman will find, that
any firm or corporation that refuses to answer
shall be fined $100 for each such refusal. That,
of course, is stroager; but I am quite disposed
to believe that it is not sufficiently stringent.
I will say that when this provision was put iu;the
bill we had not put in the provision m regard
to railroads. If we had I have no doubt we
should have made the penalty more stringent.
Mr DAVIS. The section provides tor a
fine of $100 for individuals and thirty dollars
for corporations. .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no; just
the other way. I wish to say now that as
soon as the general debate that may be desired,
on the bill has closed I shall propose to limit
debate to such reasonable time as gentlemen
may be willing to agree to; not, perhaps, on
the whole bill, but ou certain sections ot it.
Mr. PETERS. I would like to inquire ot
the gentleman whether the committee have
made any calculation of the probability or
probability, if three hundred is inserted as the
number of the House of Representatives, that
any State will lose from its present represents,-
tion? , TT
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. With a House
of three hundred members I think that no
State would suffer loss; with a Houseof two
hundred and seventy-five members I think two
or three of the New England States would
suffer loss.
Mr. SWANN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a single question in regard to the details
of the bill. Tr
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well.
Mr. SWANN. By reference to the third
section it will be perceived that the Secretary
of the Interior is authorized by this bill to
appoint "one chief clerk, to be paid at the
same rate allowed by law to the chief clerk of
the Patent Office, and such number of clerks
of the first, second, third, and fourth class,
and such number of watchmen, messengers,
and laborers as the duties of the office shall
from time to time require, to be paid at the
same rates as now allowed for similar services
in tho Department of the Interior." The
question I desire to ask of the honoraole gen-
tleman is, whether or not, from any informa-
tion before the committee, he is prepared now
to limit the number of clerks that it may be
neecssary for the Secretary of the Interior to
appoint? ,
Mr. GARFIELD of Ohio. I am obliged to
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swank] for
calling my attention to that point. _ The com-
mittee attempted to devise limitations, in all
these particulars. But we found that any limit-
ation we might fix would be entirely arbitrary,
a matter of mere guess-work. We therefore
fell back on the old form, and in that regard
copied the provision of the present law. We
did so for this reason: at first, when we are
merely setting up the office, comparatively few
clerks will be needed; afterward, when the
returns begin to come in, more clerks will be
needed. There will be more clerks needed at
some times than at others. That plan was
deemed best under tho old law, and we believe
it still to be best, to put a discretion somewhere
as to the number of clerks to be employed.
If we now fix the number of clerks it must be
a large number in order to meet the necessities
of the service at any time. And gentlemen
well know that if the number of clerks is origin-
ally fixed high, as a practical rule they will
never be reduced below that number. We
thought, therefore, that if that matter were left
wholly to the discretion of the Secretary of
the Interior he would certainly feel compelled,
under the responsibilities of his office, to make
that number as small as possible.
Mr. SWANN. Would the gentleman be
able from any information in his possession
or from discussions in the committee to state
what number of clerks will be necessary to
carry out the provisions of this bill?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I could not.
