1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2295
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,]
as to the constitutionality of a measure of this
kind, proposing to conduct education in the
States under a Federal system.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to say that I am not
aware any member of this House has any such
relation. That is a private, not a public matter.
Mr. McNEELY. I hope the bill will be
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOAR. Of course.
The bill was ordered to be printed, and its
further consideration postponed as already
indicated.
arkansas school lands.
Mr. ARNELL, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, reported back House bill
No. 1384, to allow the school trustees in the
State of Arkansas to enter land for school
purposes.
It directs that the provisions of the home-
stead law be so extended that the school
trustees of each school district in the State
of Arkansas shall have the right to enter
forty acres of land on condition that there
snail be built thereon a school-house, and riot
less than five acres of the land placed under
fencc, the tract ornamented with trees and
shrubs, and such improvements kept up for
the same period during which actual settle-
ment and cultivation are required under the
homestead act of May 20, 1862, with the same
right to commute provided for i,i the eighth
■section of said act, on making satisfactory
proof of compliance with the conditions herein
stipulated, up to the time of commutation.
Mr. ARNELL. 1 demand the previous
question.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 want to know whether
this bill is to be passed without a single word
of explanation.
Mr. ARNELL. I will answer any inter-
rogatory.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is this in addition to
former grants to Arkansas for educational
purposes?
Mr. ARNELL. It is to give these forty
acres for educational purposes to the State of
Arkansas.
Mr. NIBLACK. Have we not already made
the usual grants to Arkansas for educational
purposes?
Mr. ARNELL^ Yes, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK. What superior claim has
Arkansas to this additional grant over other
States?
Mr. ARNELL. In answer to the gentle-
man' s interrogatory I will say that it was thought
by giving this additional amount of laud for
school purposes it would facilitate the school
system of that State and benefit to that extent.
It is a small matter. The committee agreed
unanimously to the report. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
35, noes 39 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Akxell and Mr.
Niblack.
The House again divided; and the tellere
reported—ayes 70, noes 49.
So the previous question was seconded. The
main question was then ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. McNEELY. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
make a statement in regard to this bill.
Mr. ROOTS. I object, as this bill was re-
ported on the condition that it should not take
up the whole of the morning hour.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask by unanimous consent
that this bill be allowed to go upon the Speaker's
table. I wish to examine its provisions.
There was 110 objection; and the bill went fco
the Speaker's table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. When the bill
is next taken up will not the question be upon
its passage ?
The SPEAKER. It will; and the Chair
will consider that the call for the previous
question has been withdrawn.
fbeedmen's bureau.
Mr. ARNELL, from the Committee on
Education and Labor, reported back House
bill No. 1486, amendatory of an act establish-
ing the Office of Education, discontinuing the
Freedmen's Bureau, and for other purposes,
with the recommendation that it pass.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows .* '
< lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Hepresenta-
lives of the United States of America in Coiitrress assem-
bled, That theOfflce of Education in the Department
of the Interior shall hereafter bo named tho Bureau
of Education in the Department of the Interior.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted. That all laws and
parts of lawsprescribing-duties for the ofBceis of
the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands, so far as the said duties have not yet been
fully executed, be, and the samo are hereby, re-
pealed; and all funds now in tho Treasury of the
United States, placed to the account of tho Commis-
sioner of said bureau for the education and support
of refugees and freedmen, be, and tho .same aro
hereby, transferred to the account of tho Bureau of
Education, and that the said funds be expended
exclusively tor educational purposes, having special
refercnco to aiding in the establishment ;md use-
fulness of common schools among l'reedmen and
refugees.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Bureau
of Education is hereby authorized to exercise the
same powers as those hitherto oxercised by the Freed-
men's Bureau in its educational division, and espe-
cially in cooperating with benevolont societies or
bodies incorporated for educational purposes; and
the same cooperation may be extended to State and
municipal authorities for similar purposes, under
such rales and regulations as may be prescribed by
the President of the United States.
Sec. 4. Ami be it further enacted, That all buildings
repaired or constructed, in wholo or in part, under
the direction of the Commissioner of tliclrcednien's
Bureau, and now held by municipal or State author-
ities, societies, corporate bodies, or trustees for edu-
cational purposes, or funds arising from their rental
or sale, shall bo forever applied to and used for such
purpose; and said bodies and institutions shall make
an annual report to the Commissioner of the Bureau
of Education, exhibiting thenumher of leachersand
pupils during the year, and such other facts as the
said Commissioner may from timo to time require.
Sec. 5. Andbc it further enacted. That tho collection
andpayment of bounties, arrears ofpay, prize-money,
andother moneys due to colored soldiers, sailors, and
marines, and their heiis, shall be conducted under
the direction of the Secretary of War, as heretofore
authorized by law, to be made by tho Commissioner
of the Freedmen's Bureau, and that all hospitals and
asylums now under charge of tho Commissioner of
said bureau, and all funds belonging thereto, shall
hereafter bo under tho supervision of the Secretary
of War.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary may designate some officer of the Army to dis-
charge theduties arisingundertheforegoing section.
Sec. 7. And be it fui titer enacted, That all ctcrlis,
messengers, and employes of the Freedmen's Bureau,
except such as the Secretary of War shall retain for
the purposes of this act, are hereby discharged: Pror
vided, That the clerks in the educational division of
the said bureau be transferred to and retained in the
Bureau of Education until their services can be dis-
pensed with or others bo appointed by tho Commis-
sioner of Education in their stead.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the Commis-
sioner of tho Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and
Abandoned Lands shallbe allowed three months after
tho passage of this act to fulfill all legal obligations
and contracts, and to settle his accounts at tho Treas-
ury of tlie United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
that the bill must have its first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, as it makes an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. It merely provides for the
transfer of an appropriation already made. It
does not by its own force take money out of
the Treasury.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to explain the pro-
visions of this bill and then to ask for a vote.
It provides for the transfer of the educational
division of the Freedmen's Bureau to the
Bureau of Education, and italso provides that
the bounty and claim division shall be trans-
ferred to the War Department; and in this way
it is proposed to close up entirely the work ot
the Freedmen's Bureau. This action is recom-
mended by the Commissioner and by the Sec-
retary ofWar, aud sanctioned bythe President
in his annual message. The reasons for the
passage of this bill are, that the educational
interests of the South require farther aid, and
there are many claims of colored soldiers still
unsettled.
The report of the Commissioner for 1869, is
encouraging. It shows the fact that two .hun-
dred and fifty thousand adults and children
attended school during last year. Yet this
is but a small portion of. the four million
colored people,- all ignorant. A little further
help in this direction will make .effective what
has .been done,- and bridge, over a period of
time after which the different-States will them-
selves be able to assume this work now per-
formed by the Freedmen's Bureau. In regard
to the transfer of the payment of bounties aud
other moneys due colored soldiers and .their
heirs, some agency must be continued for this
purpose, and therefore the committee thought
it best to transfer this portion of the work to
the War Department.
In order that the House may understand the
present condition of tlie bureau, I submit the
following statement of balances and property
on hand:
"Balance on hand February 1,1S70, of appropria-
tions made for the support of this bureau, and which
is now devoted to educational purposes, as per sec-
tion throo, public act No. 63, (June 24,1868,) $604,701.
"Balance of appropriation for collection and pay-
ment of bounties, prize-moneys, &c., made March
3, 1-SG'J, in miscellaneous appropriation bill, for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1870, as per authority of
section two, public act No. 79, (July 25,1868,) and
public act No. 25, (March 29, 1867,) $114,705 40.
"Balance ofschool fund (so called) arising from rent
and sale of confederate property, under authority of*
section twelve, act (K. Ii. No. 613,) July 36, 1866,
$3,151 77.
"This bureau also holds intrust, under authority of
section eight, act (II. B.. No. 613.) July 36,1866, five-
twenty bonds of the United States to the amount of
$51,000; the interest is devoted to schools, as therein
directed.
" Also, the following property:
"At Washington, District- of Columbia, frame
building, I street, between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth streets; trame building, Nineteenth
and It streets; Wisewell barracks. Seventh and (I
streets; building (Freedmen's Orphan Asylum]
Eighth street, beyond Boundary.
At Augusta Georgia, confederate property, pow-
iler-worlcs, advortiscd for sale March 15, 18i0. At
Maeon, Georgia, confederate property, inborn buy.
"School buildings and school furniture m 1 he l)i>-
Cairo, Illinois, (ono building;) hospital stores, clotli
ing, and supplies at Washington,District of Colum-
bia. Office furniture and small amount of transport -
ation at Washington, District of Columbia, and ;n,
the offices of the superintendents of education in the
various southern States.
" School-bnildinos.—District of Columbia, 1; Ark-
ansas. 9; Alabama, 5; Florida,, 12; Mississippi, ■>,
Maryland, 5; Louisiana, 10; Tennessee. 1; Texas, 7 ;
South Carolina, 23 and 3 dwelling-house's; Georgia,
11; Kentucky. 17; North C.trolma, 15; Virginia,'.I;
Illinois, Cairo, 1, (on Colonel Scely's papers;) not
including buildings in process of construction.''
I havesubmitted this statement, Mr. Speaker,
made to the committee by General Howard, in
order that the House may understand the pres-
ent condition of the bureau.
Now, sir, having explained the bill and given
the reasons for its passage, and also stated the
present condition of the bureau, I might fit-
tingly add here some word commendatory of
the work accomplished by this bureau for the
cause of humanity and progress. I might say
a word of just praise for that one-armed soldier
of tho Republic who successfully has managed
this great work. I might add a word of thanks,
full and warm-hearted, to that Massachusetts
Representative (Mr. Eliot) who for twenty-six
months fashioned and perfected the original
measure, aud who, with all his clearness,
"bnilded wiser than he knew." But I refrain.
Their work has gone out and entered into the
life of the country, and as no working of the
brave and the true-hearted can by any possibil-
ity perish, it will come back to us with renewed
1 energy and power. The work itself is its own
j best, imperishable monument. And I sincerely
believe that when th e future historian shall come
to write the impartial history of this period,
next to the great fact that the life of free gov-
, eminent was saved for mankind, he will pomt
! with wonder and admiration to this lily that
j grew out of and covered with its blossoms the
i dani and gaping grave.of war.
