8840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
May 5,
cumstances than now exists; I believe we have
so much important public business on hand
that it is unsafe to fix the day of adjournment
as early as the 4th of July. I am afraid we
cannot dispose of the business in that time.
Let ua work on for a month, and then if we can
see our way through I shall be glad to vote for
the resolution; but I prefer that its consider-
ation should be deferred until the 1st of June.
If we try hard and work up to it, and if we see
by that time that we can get ready to adjourn
by the 4th of July, we can take action in that
direction at that time. But I should very much
regret now to see the limit of the 4th of July
put on the session with the present amount of
business en hand.. I fear we shall be placed
in the position of leaving important public
business unfinished, although we might work
as expeditiously as possible. The Calendar
looks to me in that light.
Mr. WARNER. It hardly belongs to me, a
new and young member of this body, to judge
as to what is best on such a matter as this, look-
ing to the prosecution of the public business;
but when I see on the vote just taken that the
chairman of nearly every important commit-
tee having in charge public business has ren-
dered his judgment in favor of referring this
resolution and against fixing a day of adjourn-
ment I am bound to follow. I find that the
chairmen of the Committees on Finance, Com-
merce, Appropriations, Foreign Relations, Ju-
diciary, Military Affairs, Post Offices and Post
Roads, Naval Affairs, Printing, Public Lands,
Education, and Manufactures, having in charge
great measures of public utility, and who are
perhaps in the best position to judge as to
what is best to be done, have all of them ren-
dered their judgment against now fixing a day
of adjournment. I am as anxious as any
Senator can be to go home; but until certain
great measures of common interest to the whole
country are put beyond the danger of defeat
I do not want to leave these Halls. For my
own section, until we have got banking facil-
ities, until we have got a reduction of taxation,
until we have got legislation to pay loyal men
for their claims, until we have got thcbill for the
enforcement of the fifteenth amendment, and
for the whole country a dozen oth«r measures,
until thesuccess of those measures is put beyond
peradventure, I do not want to see a day fixed
for the final adjournment of Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Some allusion
has been wade to the remarks which fell from
me yesterday on this subject. I had no pur-
pose yesterday to say more, certainly, than to
express a conviction to the Senate that it did
not seem to me at the present moment that we
had information upon the business of Congress,
and particularly those measures which are be-
fore the other House, to justify us in fixing a day
for adjournment. Whether or not I was unfor-
tunate in theexpression of my conviction, so
as fairly to lead to the criticism of the honor-
able Senator from New York, the Senate will
judge. I am not particularly sensitive about
those matters. But I am more thoroughly con-
vinced to-day,, upon the best reflection I can
make on the subject than I was yesterday that
the Senate ought not at this time to fix upon
a day for adjournment; that it is safer for the
Senate to hold in its own hands the right to
determine the question of adjournment when
the business from the House, which we know
is of the utmost importance, shall come to us.
I do not see until that time how it is that the
Senate can fix intelligently upon a day for
adjournment. I shall therefore vote for the
postponement of the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say one word be-
fore this question passes away, as I suppose it
is evident from the vote of the Senate what the
result is to be. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the action of the Senate two years
ago, when we had the Senator from New York
making the same speeches and taking the same
S>sition that he now takes. The House of
epreseatatives did not then, early in May,
send us a proposition to adjourn, bat they sent
a proposition to us on the 30th of June to ad
journ on the 15th of July, and we declined to
fix that day. I repeat, they did not send it to j
us early in May, but on the 30th of June, and j
proposing to adjourn on the 15th of July, and ;
we refused to fix the day, and held it here, in
spite of the repeated speeches of the Senator
from New York, until we had our busineaa in
sueh^condition as to fix the time, and then |
we fixed it, and adjourned, I think, on the 27th •'
of July. Now, sir, if snch a resolution as this
should come here on the 30th of June, or on ,
the loth or 20th of June, it might be considered.
But it appears to me, coming here when we
have really done nothing on all our important
business, it is placing us before the country in
the position of trying to shirk our duties.
order of business.
The YICB PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts will please suspend his remarks. !
The morning hour has expired, and the reso-
lution goes over until to-morrow. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the bill for the
sale of the Great and Little Osage Indian reser- i i
vation, and the pending question is on the j!
amendment of the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. !|
Ross.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. HAMLIN. I rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine in front of the Chair rises to a question
of order. He will state it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to know if this
adjournment resolution is not a privileged ques- ,
tion? J1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de- ii
cided yesterday, in response to the Senator from
New York, that whether privileged or not it
was subject to the rules of the Senate, and the
rule of the Senate is that at one o'clock the
unfinished business of the preceding day shall
have priority even over special orders.
Mr. HAMLIN. Not over a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair will allow me
to say that I understood the Chair yesterday
to suggest, which seemed to me quite right,
that under the special order which we were
then executing that would be so. I did not
understand the Chair that it would be so as to
unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a special
order, and the Chair cannot think that this
resolution is privileged beyond a special order
which is made by a two-thirds vote of the Sen-
ate. The fifteenth rule of the Senate in regard
to the unfinished business reads as follows:
" The unfinished business in which the Senate was
engaged at the last preceding adjournment shall
have the preference in the special orders of the day."
Mr. CONKLING. Shall have preference
of special orders ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. '' Preference io
the special orders of the day;" which means,
as construed and ruled in the Senate, prefer-
ence over the special orders of the day.
Mr. CONKLING. So I understand. The
suggestion, however, of my friend on my left
[Mr. Hamlin] is, this resolution being in the
estimation of the Chair and the usage of the
Senate a privileged question, it takes higher
rank and would not be thrust aside by the
unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer that question, as the point has been
raised twice. In the House of Representa-
tives it is a privileged question, but the Chair
is informed that in the Senate it is not held to
be privileged against special orders.
Mr. CONKLING. A resolution fixing the
final adjournment of the body not a privileged
question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is 1
informed that it has not previously been held !
to be privileged. j
Mr. POMEROY. This is simply a concur- i
rent resolution of the House of Representa-
tives to fix the day of adjournment, and it has
no privilege in this form.
Mr. CONKLING. A resolution to fix the
day of final adjournment has no privilege?
Mr. POMEROY. Not in this form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are some
questions of privilege which are higher than
privileged questions, namely, affecting the
rights of members to their seats; and the pre-
decessors of the present occupant of the chair
have ruled that they must be taken up by a
vote of the Senate; that even a question of
privilege, which is the highest question of all,
must be proceeded with by a vote of the Senate
in antagonism to any other question pending
under the rules.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
present order be suspended and postponed with
a view to proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 974.
Mr. POMEROY. The unfinished business
is now in order, not the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the Senator
from Maine to move to postpone the special
order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to post-
pone the order before the Senate ; the present
order.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that will not be
done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this motion to postpone is debatable.
The motion to proceed to the consideration of
another bill is not debatable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not desire
to debate it. I state to the Senate that I make
this motion with a view of proceeding to the
consideration of the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the pending bill
will not occupy more than twenty or thirty
minutes, and then I shall have no objection,
of course, and I suppose no other Senator will,
to proceeding with the appropriation bill.*
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say to my
honorable friend that I do not think he can
expect to dispose of this bill in twenty or thirty
minutes.
Mr. HARLAN. It cannot take very much
time, and if it is ever to be passed or disposed
of in any way we had better do it to-day, I
think, than to defer it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine has moved to postpone the present
and all other orders for the purpose of proceed'
ing to the consideration of the executive, legis-
lative, and judicial appropriation bill. The
Chair will take the sense of the Senate^ on the
first branch of the motion, which is to postpone
the present and all other orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. As I shall vote against the
postponement, I desire to assign in one word
my reason. The Senate yesterday deliberately
commenced the consideration of the bill which
my friend from Iowa has in charge, and seemed
at the time of adjournment as if they had
nearly reached a conclusion. Indeed it seemed
as if we were about to vote upon it. It has
now come over to-day; it is unfinished busi-
ness ; and I do think, out of justice to a meas-
ure which has important present interest and
in justice to my friend from Iowa, we ought to
proceed with it to the end. I^do not think it
ought to be interfered with.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
know how this involves a question of injustice
to the Senator from Iowa. I do not under-
stand tha* it is a matter personal to the Sen-
ator from Iowa at all. But I desire to remind
the Senator from Massachusetts that yesterday
he pledged himself to this appropriation bill
