5128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
liis proofs in the office of the clerk of the court
in the county where he resides, and to forward
them to the land office.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Is this a general bill?
Mr. JULIAN. It is. I now call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION OF SETTLERS.
Mr. JULTAN, from the Committee on the
'Public Lands, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 2049, for the protection of settlers on the
public lands of the United States.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides in the first
section that when any person entitled to avail
himself of the benefits of the preemption or
homestead laws, has made or shall make a bona
fide settlement ou lands subject to settlement
under any such laws, such settlement shall be
deemed to create a contract between the Gov-
ernment and the settler; and his claim shall
constitute a vested right of property, only to
be forfeited by his neglect or refusal to com-
ply with the conditions prescribed by the law
under which he claims. The second section
provides that when any such person shall have
made settlement upon unsurveyed lands of the
United States the right to enter the quarter sec-
tion or any lesser legal subdivisions on which
he shall be located by the survey shall date
from his actual settlement upon the same ; but
no filing shall be required of any settler until
such survey shall have been made.
_ Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, this bill pro-
vides that any settler under the preemption
and homestead laws, who complies with the
provisions of those laws, shall be deemed to
have a vested right in the land upon which he
settles; in other words, it provides that the act
of settlement shall be deemed to create a eon-
tract between him and the Government, con-
ferring upon "him a vested right of property in
the land, which can be divested only by his
own failure to go on in compliance with the
conditions of the lav/.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not that the law now?
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I always sup-
posed that such was the law. Tile whole coun-
try has so understood it. But one of the new
things under the sun, occasioning the necessity
tor the passage of this bill, is a recent decision
of the Supreme Court of the United Slates to
the effect that settlers on the public lands have
no rights at all, and are mere tenants at will,
liable to be turned out by the Government at
auy moment prior to the time when they make
final payment and consummate their title. This
is the unanimousopinion of the Supreme Court,
as pronounced some six or eight weeks ago by
Judge Miller, of Iowa. But I assert, and I
submit it to every lawyer who hears me, that
it is an opinion which would do no honor to
any judge of a county court of any State of
the Northwest. The doctrine thus promul-
gated is a most remarkable one, unsettling and
revolutionizing the whole policy of the United
States for the last forty-five years. I pronounce
this a monstrous decision, and I say that no
party in this country can sustain itself, no
party ought to live, which will allow that decis-
ion to stand as law. Our pioneer settlers are
the real heroes of our time. The men who lay
the foundations of new Commonwealths, and
encounter savages and wild beasts in subduing
our distant borders, have some rights which the
Government is bound to respect. The nation
cannot afford to violate its plighted faith to these
men as embodied in the preemption laws. To
counteract the effect of this decision, and by
expresslaw to confer upon the settlers the rights
which every man and woman in the land has
heretofore believed to be conferred by existing
law, is the object of this bill.
_ Having thus explained the purpose of the
bill, I will, unless some gentleman desires to
put some inquiry, demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not think that there
ought to be any objection to the bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to feconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND SALES IN DAKOTA.
Mr. JULIAN also, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported back, witharecom-
mendation that it pass, abill (H. It. No. 1686)
to prevent the further sale of the public lands in
the Territory of Dakota, except as provided
for in the preemption and homestead laws and
the laws for disposing of town sites and min-
eral lands.
The bill provides that from and after the
passage of the act the sale of the public lands
in the'ferritory of Dakota shall be prohibited,
except as provided for in the preemption and
homestead laws and the laws for disposing of
town sites and mineral lands. But the act is
not to be so construed as to prevent the loca-
tion of military bounty land warrants, agricul-
tural college scrip, or other laud scrip, as
authorized under existing laws.
Mr. JULIAN. Unless some question is
asked I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOUISIANA RAILROAD GRANTS.
Mr. JULIAN also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (II. R. No. 2859) to declare
forfeited to the United States certain lands
granted to the State of Louisiana to aid in con-
structing a railroad therein, with an amend-
ment; which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that ali the lands which
were granted by Congress in the year 1856 to
the State of Louisiana, to aid in the construc-
tion of the New Orleans, Opelousas, and Great
Western railroad, and which have not been
lawfully disposed of by said State under said
grant, which has expired by limitation, are
hereby declared forfeited to the United States,
and shall henceforward be subject to home-
stead entry and settlement, under the act of
Congress approved June 21, 18G6, for the dis-
posal of the public lands for homestead actual
settlement in said States, precisely as on other
public lands therein under said act.
The Clerk read the amendment of the com-
mittee, as follows:
t Strike out all after the enacting elauso anil insert
the following in lieu thereof:
. That all the lands which were granted by Congress
in the year 1856 to the State of Louisiana. to aid in
the construction of the Now Orleans. Opelousas, mid
Great Western railroad, anil which hayo not been
lawfully disposed ot by said State under said grant
which has expired by limitation oiby aut of Congioss
since the original grant, arc hereby declared torl'eited
to the United States, and shall henceforward be sub-
ject to homestead entry and settlement, under thoaet
of Congress approved June 21,1866, for the disposal
of the public lands for homestead actual settlement
in said States, precisely as on other public lands
therein, under said act.
Mr. MAYNARD. As I see no member from
Louisiana in his place, I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committeeon the Public Lands
whether this bill meets with their approval?
Mr. JULIAN. It meets with the approba-
tion of the Representatives from that State. It
opens up to settlement nearly one million rich
acres in Louisiana tied up by acts of Congress
since 1856. A bill providing for the same thing
passed this House two years ago, but failed in
the Senate. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to .be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. J ULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PREVENTION OF SALE OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. JULTAN also, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 857) to
prevent the further sale of public lands in the
States of Nebraska and Nevada, except as pro-
vided in the preemption and homestead laws,
and for disposing of town sites and mineral
lands; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that from and
after its passage the further sale of the public
lands in the States of Nebraska and Nevada
shall cease, except as provided for in the pre-
emption and homestead laws, and the laws for
disposing of town sites and mineral lands; pro-
vided that the act shall not bo so construed as
to prevent the location of military bounty laud
warrants, agricultural college scrip, or other-
land scrip, as authorized under existing laws.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to insert "California."
Mr. JULIAN. I consent to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Why not make this
general and applicable to all the States? The
time has come when we should not permit pub-
lic lands to be sold, but they should be reserved
for settlement.
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer the gentleman
from Ohio. I tried at this session to get through
a special bill, which I allowed to be made a
general bill for all the States, and it was lost.
We wish to include as many States as are
desirous to have this provision.
Mr. ROOTS. Include Arkansas.
Sir. JULIAN. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. And Utah.
Mr. JULIAN. And Utah, too.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust my colleague -will
consent to make this a general bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I did yield to the gentleman
on a former occasion when a similar bill was
jiending to make it a general bill, and it was
voted aown and the bill lost. I wish to do
now as much good as we can. I demand the
previous question.
. ^1"' UOLMAN. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded. Let us make this
a general bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to make an appeal
to uiy colleague personally. There is a general
bill pending, and liable to be called up on my
motion to reconsider on any day. It is appli-
cable to all the States. I mean to act upon
that this session if possible, and have it passed.
I a;n with the gentleman fully, as he knows,
and I hope he will allow this bill, applying to
six or seven States, to pass without attempting
to make it general, so that the whole of our
