40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
Mr. HOAR. I wist to call the attention of
the chairman of the committee to a matter
which connects itself somewhat with the ques-
tion put by the gentleman from Kansas, [Mr.
Clarke.] The twenty-fourth section of this
bill gives to the Secretary of the Interior the
absolute, authority, without appeal or question,
to determine the apportionment of represent-
ation, the division of political power in this
House, among the several States of the Union.
It is thus left to one officer to determine not
only all questions of form in taking the census,
but all questions of error, all the delicate ques-
tions of construction which arise under the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution, and
he is to determine these questions with refer-
ence to one of the gravest matters which can
arise for the exercise of any political author-
ity in this country, to wit, the apportionment of
political power among the States. I am aware
that this bill follows to some extent the prece-
dent of previous census acts. What I desire
is to inquire from the gentleman from Ohio
whether it was the purpose of the committee to
vest this vast authority in the Secretary of the
Interior without appeal to Congress, or whether
the committee would object to adding to the
twenty-fourth section an amendment like this :
Provided, also. That such apportionment shall be
reported to and approved by Congress at its next
session.
I have thought it proper to put the question
at this time, while the gentleman is malting his
general explanation of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I am very glad the gentleman has made this
suggestion. The committee will have no objec-
tion to the amendment which he proposes.
Indeed, they think that their bill as drawn is
not open to the objection raised by the gentle-
man. We have in the first place provided that
when the two columns provided for in the
schedule relating to population shall have been
reported by the census-taker then the Secre-
tary of the Interior has a merely ministerial
duty to perform, an arithmetical task simply.
It is declared, as the gentleman will observe,
in the sixth line of the twenty-fourth section,
that the Secretary of the Interior is to ascertain
"therefrom"—this is the word used—the ratio
of apportionment. He is simply required to
ascertain from these two columns the ratio.
But if it is thought that further security upon
this point is requisite I will cordially agree, as
I am sure the other members of the committee
will, that this whole matter shall be submitted
to Congress.
Mr. 1I0AR. My objection was that under
the present phraseology of the bill there
seemed to be no reservation of authority in
Congress to correct any error or to prevent any
fraud, if we can suppose the possibility of fraud
on the part of the officer charged with this duty.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield the
floor to my colleague on tho committee from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hardeman.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow me
a single word first.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
simply to ask the chairman of the committee
if there is in the bill any attempt to take the
statistics of telegraphs in the United States?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, sir ; of
that part of the telegraphs of the country con-
nected with tho railroads—the railroad tele-
graphs. The committee did prepare an addi-
tional schedule, and have it ready to offer if the
House desires it, of all telegraph lines.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Mr. Chairman, it has
not been my intention to enter into the details
of this measure at this time. It had been my
hope that there should be no limitation of de-
bate on some of the important subjects which
will arise under the various sections of this bill.
I do not desire to enter into this vast subject of
representation, and the proper number and
basis of representation of members. But I
would wish, if I could receive any indication that
there is to be no restriction of debate, to confine
myself to the proper theory upon which a cen-
sus should be taken, and to some general con-
sideration of the scope and tendency of this bill,
which I am free to say, while it does not meet
my approbation in all respects, is yet a great
step in advance on the bills of 1850 and 1860.
It is true that my ideal of what the census
of 1870 should be may be too high and imprac-
ticable, for I had hoped that it would be deemed
practicable to make a de facto and actual
enumeration of this people and on one day. It
is the recommendation of statistical congresses
of Europe, composed of the ablest statists of
their respective countries, and is strongly urged
by such men as Baron Quetelet, Monsieur
Legoyt of France, Dr. Farr of London, and
Dr. Engel of Berlin. It is the accurate and
scientific method by which you obtain an enu-
meration of the people as they are on a fixed day,
arresting as it were the wheels of individual
and national life, photographing the nation with
its vital and material forces ; with its pursuits
and industries ; with its aggregate wealth and
its aggregate incomc. For the purpose of de-
termining the ratio of constitutional represent-
ation ; for the purpose of providing correct
data for equitable taxation and wise legisla-
tion ; for the purpose of furnishing actuaries
and theoretical statisticians, the facts from
which they may deduce grand social laws—for
social phenomena, like the phenomena of the
heavenly bodies, are governed by laws, and
there is nothing accidental in the marvelous
economy of society—for these three great ob-
jects of representation, wise legislation, and
equitable taxation, and also theoretical statis-
tics, the de facto actual enumeration is the
scientiiic and only correct one.
Moreover, in that hasty and ill-advised effort
to change the fundamental and organic law of
the land by what is known as the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, among other
things that were unwittingly done there was
something done to encourage the taking of a
de facto and actual enumeration. To go back,
however, for a moment to days of wise states-
manship, and turning to the second section of
tho first article of the Constitution, I find it
provided that—
" Jteprcsentativcs and dircct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may bo in-
cluded in this Union according to their respective
numbers, which shall bo determined by adding to
tho wholo number of free persons, including those
bound to service for a term of years and excluding
Indians not taxed, three fifths of all other persons."
It is here made imperative that all persons
shall be counted in the basis of representation
excepting Indians not taxed and two fifths of
the slaves; Indians not taxed, who always
have been treated with as a foreign nation or
nations, and two fifths of the slaves, who are
now free. With these two exceptions all were
to be enumerated and counted. There is noth-
ing said about inhabitants, or citizens, or resi-
dents, or legal abode; the language of the
article applies to everybody found within the
borders of the State except the two classes
named.
Now, by the fourteenth amendment it is
provided that—
"When the right to vote at any election for the
choice of electors for President and Vice President
of the United States, Representatives in Congress,
executive and judicial officers of a State, or the mem-
bers of tho Legislature thereof, is denied to any of
the male inhabitants ofsuch State, being twenty-one
years of a^o and citizens of tho United"Statcs, or in
any ivay abridged, except for participation in rebel-
lion or other crime, the basis of representation
therein shall be reduced in the proportion which
the number of such male citizens shall bear to tho
whole number of male citizens twenty-one years of
age in such State."
That is to say, in addition to the penalty for
abridging the right to vote on account of raco
or color there is a penalty for abridging the
right to vote on account of the want of prop-
erty qualifications, on account of the want of
literary qualifications, on account of service in
the Army or Navy, on account of poverty,
idiocy, or insanity,' on account of not taking
certain oaths; and I believe I have not reckoned
on account of not being of good character or
good behavior.
The penalty is that for any such denial or
abridgment by a State the basis of their rep-
resentative population shall be rcduced. But
in. addition—and it applies to nearly every
State—you are warned in each State to be
careful how far you abridge or deny the right
of suffrage to its inhabitants on account of the
greater or less duration of their residence under
penalty of representative diminution.
It has been argued that the incongruities,
the looseness, the haste of the fourteenth con-
stitutional amendment, will be rectified should
the fifteenth constitutional amendment be rati-
fied. But this is not so. The fifteenth con-
stitutional amendment provides that the right
of citizens of the United States to vote shall
not be denied or abridged by the United States
or by any State on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude. This.will
make voters of the negroes, all State laws to
the contrary notwithstanding. But the States
may still deny the right of suffrage to any of
the classes that I have enumerated ; and in so
far as they deny the right of suffrage for idiocy,
or poverty, or insanity, or want of property
qualification, or want of education, or for want-
ing a period of residence sufficiently long to
satisfy the State Legislature, just in that meas-
ure shall the penalty be annexed and attached.
I have shown now by the first article of the
second section of the Constitution, by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution, by the
advice of statists throughout the world, and by
obvious reasons, that for the purpose of provid-
ing a fixed point of comparison and departure,
so that this census may be comparable with the
State censuses to be taken in 1875, or with the
United States census of 1880, and so that it
may be scientifically comparable with Euro-
pean censuses, a de facto enumeration, an
actual enumeration in one day, ia the legal,
wise, and scientific method.
But I regret to say that the committee, after
investigating this subject and taking all the
advice and counsel which it could obtain, came
to the conclusion that owing to the great extent
of this country, the sparseness of population
over the greater portionof it, the much-to-be-
regretted absence of a department of statistics,
and the want of registry boards and other
machinery, it would be impossible to take this
census in one dayand upon an actual dcfacto
enumeration.
Reluctantly I yielded to the reasons given;
for I felt that although with men who believe
in the possibility of carrying out such a work
it could have been done, yet it was perfectly
apparent that while here and there I met a
man, scientific or otherwise, who believed this
immense labor might be successfully under-
taken, the general adverse sentiment of itself
rendered it impracticable and inadvisable.
You may ask, sir, why, having assented to
the judgment of the committee that de facto
enumeration was impossible, I should now
make an argument in favor of a de facto enu-
meration. It is because if you do not have it
in 1870 you must have it in 1880; it is because
it is the right road on which to move, and the
distinct object which you must have in view-
when amending the law of 1850 and 1860. It
is because sooner or later you must bring your
censuses and your systems of statistics in har-
mony with the censuses and systems of statis-
tics of the world.
And it is for another reason, which I am
glad to mention in praise of the Committee on
the Census. It i3 because the main feature
worthy of commendation in that bill which lies
upon your table is that it is an approximation
to a de facto enumeration. In sections ten and
eleven of the bill you will find that twenty days
previous to the date fixed for the actual taking
of the census, and to which date all must ba
referred, enumerators will carry around sched-
ules of population, schedules of industry, and
