1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
zens of Newtown, Bucks county, Pennsylva-
nia, for the abolition of the franking privi-
10C70.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of California, tor the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The memorial and
petition of Andrew Zallen and others, officers
of Cigar-Makers' Union ofDayton, Ohio, pray-
ing Congress for reduction of duty on imported
leaf tobacco, and for the repeal of the proviso
in section eighty-seven of the. internal revenue
act of July 20, 1868.
By Mr. SMITH, of Ohio : A petition of citi-
zens of Clermont county, Ohio, for the repeal
of all duties on foreign hides, &c.
By Mr. STRONG : The petition of J. W.
Loomis and others, cigar manufacturers of
Suffield, Connecticut, for an increase of duty
on imported cigars.
Also, the petition of Case, Lockwood & Co.,
and other book publishers of Hartford, Con-
necticut, praying for a specific duty on imported
books.
By Mr. SWANN : The petition of the Cigar-
Makers' Union No. 1, of Baltimore, remon-
strating against the proposed change in the duty
od cigars.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of A. K. Haskell and 30 others,
citizens of Locke's Village, Massachusetts,
praying the total abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of Russell Bartlett and 24
others, citizens of West Worthington, Massa-
chusetts, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Robert H. Beed and 31
others, citizens of Berlin, Massachusetts; for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of William D. Sanderson
and 24 others, citizens of Ringville, Massachu-
setts, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Leonard Burrage and
40 others, citizens of North Leominster, Massa-
chusetts, for the same purpose.
( Also, the petition of Thomas C. Davenport
and 50 others, citizens of West Hampton,
Massachusetts, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Francis Leland and 10
others, citizens of Otter River, Massachusetts,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of F. L. Sargent and 100
others, citizens of East Hampton, Massachu-
setts, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Nathan Loomis and 25
Others, citizens of Leeds, Massachusetts, for the
same purpose.
Algo, the petition of I. G. Creagh and 40
others, citizens of Grant's Corner, Massachu-
setts, for the same purpose
Also, the petition of H. F. Cutler, and 14
others, citizens of Florence, Massachusetts, for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Lyman E. Moore and 17
others, citizens of Millington, Massachusetts,
for the same purpose.
, Also, the petition of Joseph Griswold, jr.,
and 42 others, citizens of Griswoldville, Massa-
chusetts, for the same purpose.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: The petition of
J. W. Morrill & Co. and others, of Louisville,
Kentucky, praying for the removal of the duty
on leather.
Also, a petition from the citizens of Goshen,
Oldham county, Kentucky^ praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 17, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal .of yesterday was read and
approved.
housb bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Represeotativea were severally
read twice by their titles and referred as indi-
cated :
The bill (H. R. No. 60) to close the land
system in certain States—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The bill (H. 11. No. 840) amendatory of the
organic law of Colorado Territory.and for other
purposes—to the Committee on Territories.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 115) relative
to the legislative fund of Washington Terri-
tory—to the Committee on Territories.
rOBLIC LAND business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I rise to
make a request, or rather to ask for an order ;
and that is^jjiat the Senate set apart Saturday
for the purpose of considering bills from the
Committee on Public Lands. I brought up a
bill the other morning from that committee,
and notice was given that those opposed to it
intended to make speeches on the subject,
' and I am very anxious that the bill should
pass, and there are other bills from that com-
mittee that ought to be considered. I hope
! the Senate will consent, and I shall esteem it
a great favor if they will consent to hear those
srtpppnpq fhan
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
I Oregon asks that Saturday, after the morning
hour, be set apart for the consideration of bills
from the Committee on Public Lands. Is there
objection ?
Mr. SPENCER and Mr. ROBERTSON. I
object.
Mr. POMEROY. I think perhaps the Sen-
ator from Alabama did not understand the
request made by the Senator from Oregon, a
member of the Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was made
quite audibly, and the Chair supposed he under-
stood it.
. Mr. SPENCER. I did. I object to sitting
on Saturday for that purpose.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses ori the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 782) making appropria-
tions or the support of the Military Academy for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend to their respective Houses as fol-
lows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the first amendment, of the
Senate and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their second amend-
ment. HENRY WILSON,
CARL SCHURZ.
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES B. BECK.
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
Manager> on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
OCEAN BELLE.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, a morning
or two sinfee the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] reported a little private bill, and it
was passed. He subsequently entered a mo-
tion to reconsider. He has, I think,"given the
matter further consideration. 1 have. It is
a case of very great hardship and very great
merit. I hope the Senator will now conclude
to let the matter come up, and withdraw the
motion to recoijsider.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I simply en-
tered the motion to reconsider in consequence
of misinformation given to the Senate that the
bill had.passed the Senate before, when it had
only passed the Committee on Finance two
or three times to a favorable report; and now,
if there is no Senator who desires a further
examination of the subject, I will withdraw
the motion to reconsider the vote on passing
thelrill (S. No. 466) for the relief of the owners
ofthe brig Ocean Belle.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection
be made, the motion to reconsider may be
withdrawn. The Chair hears no objection.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
;j He also presented a petition of soldiers in the
!i war of 1812, praying that pensions be granted
j to the surviving soldiers of that war; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
1 Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Job
Hawxhurst, WilliamT. Ramsey, and Cornelius
! White, of Fairfax county, Virginia, praying to
be indemnified for property taken and used by
the United States Army; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Samuel
Crapin, of the war of 1812, praying for the
allowance of pension for the intermediate
period from the date of his being disabled to
the date of the subsequent allowance of a
: pension to him in the year 1838; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BOIiEMAN presented the petitions of
James Wayland, William W. Brown, J. Augus-
tus Brown, G. W. Brown, and John T. Antrim,
Albemarle county, Virginia; and of John W.
Kincheloe, Virginia, praying the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
ji Political Disabilities.
jj Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition of
|| Thomas B. Breckenridge, of Pickens county,
|j South Carolina, praying the removal of his
|! political disabilities ; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of L.
Merchant & Co., of Mobile, owners of the
steam-tug J. G. Neafie, praying that the pro-
ceeds of the sale of that tug be returned to
them, together with compensation for the use
of the same during the time the tug was in
possession of the United States authorities;
I which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a petition of citizens
of Missourij.praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. CORBETT presented three petitions of
citizens of Oregon, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented four peti-
tions of citizens of Connecticut, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
I Mr. FENTON presented a memorial of
importers and merchants of New York and
Boston, for the passage of an act to refund cer-
tain duties paid on Russia hemp, under the act
i of August 5, 1861, in violation of treaty atipu-
1 lations between Russia and the United States,
ratified May 11, 1833 ; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FENTON. I desire, also, to present
the memorial of Marshall O. Roberts, Wil-
! liam H. Webb, and other ship builders in the
I city of New York, who state that they have a
: large interest in our mercantile as well as our
naval marine, and who suggest that in the
| reorganization of the naval service the ship-
j building or naval construction department in
our navy-yards shall have a suitable rank, not
below any other class of officers except the
officers having command of the navy-yards.
They earnestly pray that the naval construc-
tion department, which largely Represents the
people and mechanics of our country, may be
Elaced in such high position as the responsi-
ilities entitle them to in any reorganization
that may be established under the authority
of Congress I move the reference of this
memorial to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of a grant of
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
