1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5129
morning hour may not bo consumed. Let us
do all the good we can, if not all we desire.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman's
appeal, and do not insist on further count.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Ou motion of Mr. JULIAN, the title was
amended so as to read: "A joint resolution to
prevent the further sale of public lands in cer-
tain States and Territories, except as provided
in the preemption and homestead laws, and
for disposing of town sites and mineral lands."
YOSEMITE TALI,BY.
Mr. JULIAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1779) to
confirm to James M. Hutchings and James C.
Lamon their preemption claims in the Yose-
mite valley, in, the State of California.
The bill was read. The preamble recites
that by act of Congress of June 30, 186-1, the
Yosemite valley, in Mariposa county, Cali-
fornia, was ceded to the State of California;
that prior to that time James M. Hutchings
and James C. Lamon had settled upon and
have ever since resided upon and occupied one
hundred and sixty acres each of said land so
conveyed to the State; and that the Legisla-
ture of the State of California, by act of Feb-
ruary 20, 1808. recognized the rights of said
Hutchings and Lamon to said lands so occu-
pied and claimed by them, subjcct to the rati-
fication of said act by Congress. The bill then
provides that the act of the Legislature of
California aforesaid bo, and the same is there-
by, fully ratified, and the right of the said
Hatchings and Lamon to said lands .so occu-
pied by them, not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acre3 each, is thereby recognized and
confirm ed.
Mr. JULIAN. I will state briefly the facts
connected with the case. In 1861 the Congress
of the United States granted to the State of
California the Yosemite valley in that State,
in perpetual reservation as a pleasure-ground,
and a spectacle of wonder. This valley is a
deep gorge iu the Sierra Nevada mountains,
some nine or ten miles long, and not exceed-
ing three miles in its greatest width. Over the
granite walls of this valley, which are nearly
perpendicular, the waters of the Merced river
fall from thirty-five to fifty-five hundred feet,
in the grandest cascades in the known world.
And on account of its marvelous beauty and
grandeur Congress thought it wise to dedicate
the valley, not to the use of settlers, but for the
purposes I have mentioned, for all time. After
the enactment of this law, however, it was found
that two settlers were in the valley claiming the
right of preemption under the laws ot the United
States ; that they had built their houses there,
planted their orchards and vineyards, and ex-
pended some thousands of dollars in money in
making homes forthemselves. On ascertaining
these facts, the Legislature of California pro-
vided by law that under the circumstances one
hundred and sixty acres of laiid^shouid be
reserved to each of these settlers. It was pro-
vided, however, in the law that the right ot the
State to make paths, avenues, bridges, &c.,
over these preemptions should bo reserved to
the State: so that no possible interference with
tlie public use of the valley could ever result.
This bill is simply to confirm the act of the
Legislature of California. I will state further
that the one hundred and sixty acres claimed
by each of these preemptors are so selected that
they never can obstruct the free ingress and
egress of the public through, to, and over the
territory of the valley. I have been in the val-
ley myself, and know what I say from my own
personal knowledge, and from facts derived of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like the chairman
of the committee to yield to me a few moments.
Mr. JULIAN. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand the chairman
of the committee to state that these lands are
so selected as not to inconvenience the public.
Now I remember very well the location of Mr.
Hutchings, and he can so select one hundred
and sixty acres of land connected with his
residence or the house occupied by him as to
cross the entire valley.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to correct the gen-
tleman from Iowa. The law of the State of
California gives the State the right to select,
and any selection Mr. Hutchings might make
himself would have no force or validity what-
ever. The selection must be made by the State,
and of course iu such form and manner as
not to interfere with the purposes of the grant.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know but this bill
ought to pass for the purpose of protecting the
rights of these settlers. But 1 believe that
unless the rights of the public are so guarded
as to give free and full access to this valley—
to both ends of it—it will be in the power of
Mr. Hutchings particularly and of Mr. Lamon
to obstruct completely that valley, which the
gentleman from Indiana, who has visited it,
says ought not under any circumstances to be
done. It would be better for the Government
of the United States, or for the State of Cali-
fornia, to pay thirty, forty, or fifty thousand
dollars for their rights than to allow the valley
in any respect to be obstructed.
Mr. JULIAN. The State of California is
the best judge of what would obstruct the rights
of the Stale and of the public, and the Legis-
lature of that State, by a vote of three or lour
to one, sanctioned this bill, even after it had
been vetoed by the Governor of the State.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman under-
stand that this reservation was made for the
benefit of the people of the United States or
of the people of California?
Mr. J ULIAN. The grant was to the State
of California in trust to keep this valley open
as a public pleasure-ground for the world; and
I say to the gentleman from Iowa that if the
rights claimed by these preemptors did or
could, under the laws of California, interfere
with the public enjoyment of the valley for the
purposes intended, which I utterly deny, 1
should be in favor of buying out the preempt-
ors if they would sell; but I hold that under
the law, and this House has just unanimously
so voted, a pre'emptor on the public lands has
a right of property in his preemption which he
may sell or lefuso to sell, and which can only
be taken from him by his own consent or his
failure to comply with the conditions of title
prescribed by law.
Mr. ALLISON. The Government ceded
these lands to California for the distinct pur-
pose of permitting that State to make avenues
and ways by which the people could have access
to this valley. The State has entirely neglected
to make any roads to the valley, or to improve
in any way the interior of the valley.
Mr. JULIAN. Congress may have made a
mistake, or the State of California may have
failed to do its duty; but that is not now the
question.
Mr. WELKEll. I suggest thai by a law of
California they have reserved the right of way
over any part of the lands in the valley.
Mr. J ULIAN. I have so stated.
Mr. WELKER. They have such general
control that Lamon or xlutchmgs could not
block up the way.
Mr. JULIAN. There is free ingress or
egress, and it could not be otherwise without
the consent of California ; and the United
States have by the act of 1801 intrusted the
whole matter to the State.
Mr. ALLISON. Not at ail. I would ask
the gentleman from Indiana if these parties
cannot so locate their one hundred and sixty
acres of land as to make it impossible to have
access to the upper portion of the valley?
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman supposes a
very extreme case. Undoubtedly one hundred
and sixty acres eould be so surveyed and ex-
tended across the narrowest part of the valley
as to obstruct it. But it is notsupposable that
the State of California, which is peculiarly in-
terested in this question, wouldallow these men
to locate their qnarfer sections in any such
manner. Congress having trusted California
with the whole grant can certainly trust her in
taking bare of the valley. It will be time
enough to deal with the State when she vio-
lates her duty.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call attention to the
following from Professor Whitney's report iti
regard to this Yosemite valley:
"The origin of the present volume is to be found
in the, action of Congress and of the State of Cali-
fornia in regard to the Yosemite valley_ and tho
Marioosa Grove of Big Trees. This action dates
back to the year 1861. In that year. Congress being
moved thereto by certain influential and intelligent
citizens of California, passed the following act:
"'An act authorizing a grant to tho State of Cali-
fornia of the Yosemite valley and of the land
embracing the Mariposa Big Tree Grove.
" ' Beit enacted by lite Senate and Uouveof Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That there shall be, and is hereby, granted to
tho Stateol California the "cleft" or "gorge" in the
granite peak of the Sierra Nevada mountains, sit-
uated in tho county of Mariposa, in the State afore-
said, and the headwaters of the Merced river, and
known as the Yosemite valley, with its branches or
spurs, in estimated length fifteen miles, and in aver-
age width one mile back from the main edge of the
precipice on each side of the valley, with tho stipu-
lation, nevertheless, that the said State shall accept
this grant upon the express conditions that tho prem-
ises shall bo held for public use, resort, and recre-
ation; shall be inalienable for all time; bat leases
not exceeding ton years may be granted for portions
of saKl premises: all incomes derived from leases of
privileges to be expended in the preservation and
improvement of tho property or the roads leading
thereto; the boundaries to be established at thecost
of said State by tho United States surveyor general
oi California, whose official plat, when amrmed by
the Commissioner of the General Land Ofiieo, shall
constitute the evidence of the locus, extent, and
limits of the said clett or gorge; the premises to be
managed by the Governor of the State with eight
other commissioners, to be appointed by the Execu-
tive of California, and who shall receive no compen-
sation for their services. ,
" ' Sec 2. And be it further enacted. That tnero shall
likewise be, and there is hereby, granted to the said
State of California, the tracts embracing what is
known as the "Mariposa Big Tree Grove," not to
exceed tlie area of four sections, and to be taken in
legal subdivisions of one quarter section each, with
the like stipulation as expressed in the first section
of this act as to tho State's acceptance, with like
conditions as in the first section of this act as to in-
alienability, yet with same lease privilege; the
income to be expended in preservation, improve-
ment, and proteeiion of the property; the premises
to be managed by commissioneis as stipulated in the
first section of this act, and to be taken in legal sub-
divisions as aforesaid; and the official plat of the
United States surveyor general, when affirmed by
the Commissioner ot the General Land Ollice, to bo
the evidence of the locus of the said Mariposa I3ig
Tree Grove.
"'Approved June 30,1861.'
" The above act was approved by the President
Juno,-so, lo'jl, and shortly after, a proclamation was
issued by the then Governor of C„lilorni . 1. i.
Low, taking possession of the tracts thus granted, in
tho name and on behali of tue State, appointing com-
missioners to manage them, and warning all persons
against trespassing or settling there wi.thoutauthor-
ity, and especially forbidding the cutting ot tunoer
and other injurious acts."
'■ Previous to 1SG1 the only actual settler and per-
manent resident in the valiey was Mr. J. C. Lamon,
who took up his lonely quarters there in 18t>0. Many
persons have been there during tho summer, and
numerous claims had bceu made, which wore o*
course invalid under United Stales laws, as they were
not accompanied by peuuancut residence, neither
had the land ever been savveyed and brought into
mrrket, so that it was not open to preemption.
" At the time that the Governor's proclamation was
issued taking possession of the valley and appointing
commissioners to protect and manage it there were
several residents and numerous claim's to various
portions of the valle> and to ' iminovements wliten
had been made there. Thesoclarnanrs the commis-
sioners treat and recommend to be treated by the
State with all possible consideration. Tney went to
the oxtentof their powers by offeriogMessrs. iiuteii-
ins« and Lamon leases lor ten years of the premises
occupied by thorn at a nominal rent. This, liberal
offer these gen tlemen saw fit to decline, believing taat
they could?work upon public sympathy, or in some
way influence the Legislature to grant tuem better
