1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2MT
The question was taken upon the motion to
reconsider; and the motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
limit general debate to one hour and a half;
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SOHENCK. I shall be obliged to put
off till to-morrow what I desire to say on this
bill, because I am not able to go on to-day.
But I will make the motion now that all gen-
eral debate on this bill shall cease within one
hour and a half from thetime when the House
shall resume its consideration to-morrow in
Committee of the Whole.
The motion was agreed to; and it was ordered
accordingly.
CREDENTIALS OF A MEMBER FROM TEXAS.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG presented the cre-
dentials of Mr. E. Degener, claiming a seat in
this House as a member-elect from the fourth
congressional district of the State af Texas ;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, was granted
ten days additional to the leave of absence
heretofore granted.
Mr. WILLARD was granted leave of absence
until Saturday of this week.
Mr. HAYS was granted indefinite leave of
absence on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. FITCH was granted leave of absence
for one week.
COLONIZATION OE FKEEDMEN.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from, the
Secretary of the Treasury, tiansmitting a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to the accounts of colonization agents ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
GALLtJS KIRCIINEH.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in compliance with the
request of the Committee of Claims, transmit-
ting to the House a report from the ordnance
department in relation to the petition of Gal-
ius Kirchner for increased price for cut stone
furnished for the United States arsenal at
Indianapolis, Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that this commu-
nication, with the accompanying report, be
referred to the Committee of Claims. It is not
necessary that they should be printed.
The motion was agreed to; and the papers
were referred accordingly.
X AT 10 X A L C E 31ETKJ 11ES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in compliance with the
requirements of the act of Congress approved
February 22, 1867, transmitting to the House
the report of the inspector of national cem-
eteries for the year 1869; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
ELECTION CONTEST—-WALLACE VS. SIMPSON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional evidence in the contested-election
case of Wallace vs. Simpson, from the fourth
congressional district of the State of South
Carolina ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections.
CONCERNING A NIGHT SESSION.
Mr. SCHENCK. It has been suggested to
me that there may be some gentlemen who
would be willing to speak upon the tariff bill
should there be a night session to-night. I
have not submitted any motion directing the
Committee of the Whole to take a recess,
because 1 did not know of any gentleman who
desired to speak to-night.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can sub-
mit such a motion, if ho desires, at a later
period of to-day's session.
PROMOTION OB USEFUL ARTS.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1658) to amend the laws to promote the pro-
gress of the useful arts ; whioh was read a first
and second time, referred to the Cpmmittee On:
Patents, and ordered to be printed. . ■'
THIRD ARKANSAS VOLUNTEER PATi&fcY;,
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, submit-'
ted the following resolution;'which was yeaij,
considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House a copy of the proceed-
ings and finding of a military commission held in tho
seventh Army corps and department of Arkansas, at
Little Kock, Arkansas, in Jane, 1864, to investigate,
the manner of tho enlistment and organization of
the third Arkansas volunteer cavalry, together with
the testimony taken before said commission; also, a
copy of the evidence taken and "report made t>y tho
judge advocate, who made inquiries into the enlist-
ment and organization of said regiment in themonth
of February or March, 1885, at Lowisburg, Arkansas.
SUSAN J. JACOB.
Mr. McGRBW, by unanimous consent, in*
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1659) for the relief
of Susan J. Jacob, widow of John J. Jacob, a
soldier of the revolutionary war; which wasread
a first and second time, and, with the accom-
panying papers, referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
METEOROLOGICAL OBSERVATIONS.
Mr. SLOCUM, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back the report of the
New York Chamber of Commerce on the bill
now before Congress to institute meteorologi-
cal observations at military stations, and giving
notice of tho approach and force of storms ;
and moved that the Committee on Military
Affairs bo discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to ; and it Was ordered
accordingly.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. SLOCUM also, by unanimous consent,
submitted a bill (H. R. No. 1860) to amend
the laws relating to internal revenue: which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Waysand Means.
PAY Ot' ORDNANCE SERGEANTS.
Mr. SLOCUM also presented a memorial
from the ordnance sergeants of the Army, ask-
ing an increase of pay ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
SALES OF GOLD.
Mr. CLEVELAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 222)
in regard to cales of gold; which was read a
! first and seeond time, and referred to thp Com-
' mittee on Banking and Currency.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I ask that this joint
resolution be read at length for the inforniation
of the House.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was read. 11 provides in the first section
that whenever the Secretary of the Treasury
shall advertise for proposals for the sale of
gold, naming in such advertisement the amount
to be sold, and bids are received and opened
for the purchase of such gold in good faith, the
Secretary shall accept such and so many of tho
bids as shall be deemed to be mostadvantageous
to the Government, to tho extent of the amount
advertised for sale.
The second section of the joint resolution
provides that no purchases of bonds shall be
made by the Secretary of the Treasury beyond
the amount authorized to be purchased for the
sinking fund each year, but tnat^tlie surplus
revenues shall be retained iu the Treasury.
GOVERNMENT OF INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. CLARKE. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to reorganize the system of
governing the Indian tribes, to promote their
civilization, and for other purposes. In intro-
ducing this bill I desire to make a brief state-
ment. The bill relatesto the-general manage-
ment find reorganization of the Indian system
throughout the United States. *■ -
Mr, SOHENCK. I hope the gentleman is
nofcgoing to discuss the bill at this time. ' '
-Mr.- CLARKE. - No, sir; I desire to ask
the House-to make' the' bill a special order for-
the second or third Tuesday in April.
Mr. RANDALL. I object, ,
ORDER OF puglllJfSg,
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, tefora sub-
mitting the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole I wish to correct a misapprehension. I
stated yesterday that after the olosing of gen-
eral debate I might be willing, under the instruc-
tions of the committee, to have the bill laid
over until next Tuesday before the House pro-
ceeded to its consideration by olauses. That
suggestion was made under an impression that
so large a number of gentlemen on both sides
of the House wanted to go away 3.s to make it
desirable not to proceed with tlje consideration
of the bill in a thin House. That apprehen-
sion is now removed. Gentlemen who, I sup-
posed, were anxious for that arrangement have
requested me to ask the House to go on with
the bill; and the committee prefer that it shall
be done. J shall, therefore, after the closing
of the general debate to-morrow, endeavor to
press forward the consideration pf the bill at
once.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I think the
country will be verygrateful to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means if he will
insist on that course. The present agitation of
the tariff is, as ho knows, affecting the prices
of almost all merchantable articles in the coun-
try. It is time the question should be settled.
Mr.-'SCHENCK. That is one of the con-
siderations which have induced the committee
to think it best to press the bili to a conclusion.
OBSEQUIES OF GENERAL IIIOMAS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am requested
to give notice that a meeting will be held at
the Metropolitan Hotel at half-past six o'clock
this evening, to make arrangements in regard
to the obsequies of General Thomas, and those
who served in the Army with that officcr, as
well as others who may desire to meet for the
purpose indicated, are invited to attend.
TARIFF DILI*.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that tho rules_
be suspended, and the House resolvo itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R, No. 1038) to amend ex-
isting laws relating to tho duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
Mr. MAYNARD proceeded to address the
committee. During his remarks the commit-
tee rose informally, and the Speaker resumed
the chair, for the purpose of receiving a
message from the president.
A message in writing, from the President uf
the United States, was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Portek, his Private
Secretary ; who further informed the House
that the President had this day approved and
signed an act (H. R. No. 1536) to admit the
State of Texas to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States.
TARIFl? BILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session, and proceeded with the consideration
of the tariff' bill. , . ,
Mr. MAYNARD resumed his remarks.
After sneaking some time, _ _
Mr. GARFIELD, of Onio, said; An event
has just occurred which marks an epoch m the
history of civilization m this country ; 1 rotor
to the proclamation of the ratification Ot the
