340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
Ho. of Reps.
American Commerce—Mr. Neglmj.
41st Cost;....2d Sess.
merits of American and English ship plate have
given the following results: average tensile
strength of English specimen, 41,505 pounds
per square inch; average tensile strength of
American specimen, 45,272 pounds per square
inch. This difference in favor of American
material amounts to fully nine per cent., and it.
is acknowledged" that as soon as a revival of
our ship-building and construction of iron pro-
pellers fefnrnisliGS our shops with an ample
supply of tools and machinery the advantage
of labor skilled in routine will be so great that
our expenses will be reduced by another seven
per cent. On account of these and other addi-
tional* causes I do not hesitate to assert that
iron vessels can be built on the Delaware even
now at not over five per cent, more than in
Europe, and that onr ship-builders and iron
manufacturers in New York, Philadelphia,
Chester, Wilmington, Pittsburg, "Wheeling,
Cincinnati, and other favorable locations will
become willing and, I doubt, not, successful
competitors with those on the Clyde, 'l'yne,
Mersey, or Thames.
On this point 1 avail myself of the opinion
of Vice Admiral Porter, one of the most
distinguished representatives of our Navy,
namely:
" The Delaware is the most defensible river in tlio
world. In twenty-four hours, with half tlio iron-
clads wo have in Philadelphia, it could bo mailo
impossible ior any licet to pass.
"Chester, or the banks of tho river ahovo Chester,
is tho vory boat location in tlio United Ktutea for the
works proposed, ns there is much deep water. It is
near tba iron and coal regions and adjacent to a
larffo oity, without boins subject to its onerous tax-
ation. All you want aro doolcs, and wooden ones,
such as would not eost over $2110,000 each,
'"fhoro is Koiek' to bo ari iniHieuse business done
in tho next ton years in iron ships. Our Government
is awakening to tho necessity of roscumjf our com-
merce irom tho bunds of tho Hnjrlish, and must, neces-
sarily from year to year #rant liberal drawbacks and
subsidies until we can stand on our le;;s again."
Tho opening of our commerce in new direc-
tions must not only revive our ship-building,
but it will by its ramifications invigorate and
reanimate many auxiliary branches of our in-
dustry. It ia apparent, that by inaugurating
  policy similar to that afforded by our com-
petitors to their citizens, our shipping can and
will be built, and lines of ocean steamers estab-
lished as fast us the requirements of commerce
demand. It must not bo that the ships of the
nation to whom we mainly attribute our mari-
time disasters, shall continue to supersede tho
American flag in our own ports, and bear oft'
from us the prizes of our own commerce with
other nations, it is safe for us to follow the sug-
gestions wisely expressed by our President in
his inaugural address; " Our prostrate com-
merce is to be rebuilt."
Direct communication of our ports with
southern Kurope will not only restore to us
the legitimate pro/its of ocean carriage, but it
will diverge to our advantage the greater share
of England's enormous transittrade, and enrich
our merchants, underwriters, manufacturers,
and agricultural producers. In addition to
these advantages, the immediate construction
of the contemplated line will substantially and
economically augment
OUIi NAVAI, POWKlt.
It is no secret what service the Peninsu-
lar and Oriental Company rendered to Eng-
land in the Crimean war. This company pos-
sessed a fleet of lifty-seven steamers, with an
aggregate tonnage ofeighly-fourthousand tons,
and with these means she conveyed sixty thou-
sand men, twenty thousand officers, and twelve
thousand horses, besides artillery carriages and
other war _ material,, with ease and dispatch to
the seat of war. In the Indian mutiny she ren-
dered equally important services. It is also a
historical fact of the highest importance what
was done by the Canard line in the impudent
" Trent affair." Her steamers were in readi-
ness almost at a day's notice to carry ten thou -
sand men to Canada against our Republic.
We know, also, what service our merchant
marine rendered in our late war. What would
we have done without its magnificent trans-
ports? How could we have enforced our block-
ade without the aid of our arm ed m erchantmen ?
Our Navy, Mr. Speaker, is not like the Army.
The peculiar isolation we enjoy geographically
on land, which by its remoteness from any
formidable land force permits us in times of
peace to reduce our Army to a mere nucleus
or caclre, does not exist in regard to our Navy.
Our land forces, through the natural aptitude
of our citizens for military acquirements, may
be speedily increased to meet almost any emer-
gency. But not so in the Navy. Efficiency
in the Navy depends upon not only a thorough
familiarity with the sciences of navigation,
engineering, and naval gunnery, but a long
training and practical experience in seaman-
ship ; and it requires time-consuming, expen-
sive, and gigantic preparations for the estab-
lishment of a navy which would be necessary
for the defense of thirteen thousand miles of
sea-coast.
It is a well-established principle of wise
statesmanship which says, " In time of peace
prepare for war." We tested during our late
struggle the absolute inadequacy of our schools
at West Point and Annapolis for the exigencies
of a great issue. Let us profit by the lesson !
Tho bill before us not only provides for tho
construction of a handsome squadron of out-
war fleet, at our disposal at any moment, but
it even proposes to educate foi>us the officers
to handle and man the same. Is there not
wisdom in accepting such an offer, almost
without expense to the Government?
It is scarcely possible, Mr. Speaker, that
any bill introduced in this House can com-
mend itself by more sound features of political
economy and statesmanship than that now
under consideration.
I am aware there are opponents to it. Some
advocate the equipment, of our merchant navy
on the Clyde;others discountenance subsidies
in any shape; and again others sneer at any
pioneer movement of industry or commerce.
Such men rcsembloiuiiitclligence and foresight
those custom-house officers in Liverpool, who,
in 1781, seized the first shipment of American
cotton under the belief that cotton could not be
grown exceptin tlio British Westlndies, or their
private interests are so linked with the present
prerogatives of the English flag that they aro
blinded against our public benefit. I am sup-
ported, however, in my views and advocacy of
subsidies in favor of the speedy establishment
ofthe Mediterranean and Oriental Steam Navi-
gation Company, not only by legions of our
own citizens of all sections and vocations in
life, but also by the sympathy and incitement
of all nations, directly or indirectly interested
in the Mediterranean trade, England alone
excepted.
I have the honor here to refer to letters in
my possession and addressed to me by the dis-
tinguished representatives of several commer-
cial Powers, which, by their geographical po-
sition, are closely affiliated with the material
interests of the United States. His Excellency
the envoy extraordinary and minister plenipo-
tentiary of Prance writes:
[Translation.]
Fkexcu Legation" to the United States,
Washington, April 18,1870.
lExtract.]
< ¥ % > S *
1 regret that I cannot give you the desired statis-
tical information concerning the commercial move-
ments of the Mediterranean ports, but you may
easily obtain the same through the United States
legation in Paris.
I feel, however, like you, that tho success of such
an enterprise is of equally high interest for the Med-
iterranean basin as for the United States, and will
be received in Franco with the greatest satisfaction.
His honor tho charge d'affaires of Italy '
answered my letter to him as follows :
[Translation.]
Legation op Italy to the United States.
Washington, April 20,187U,
[Extract.]
I had already informed my Government of tho
project now before Congress of a direct line of steam-
ers between the United States and the kingdom of
Italy, and I doubt not but the plan will be received
with great pleasure in Italy.
For the purpose of answering your request for sta-
tistical information concerning the trade between
Italy and the United States, I have inclosed a sum-
mary extract of official reports published by our
Government.
His honor the acting- consul general of
Switzerland writes as follows:
Consulate General of Switzerland,
Washington, April 20,1870.
[Extract.]
Although an inland country, having no sea-ports,
still Switzerland is connected by important public
highways with such ports as Genoa, Spezzia, and
Leghorn, well known for their commercial import-
ance.
The roads now contemplated andaboutbcingcom-
menced over the great mountain passos of the " St.
Gotthardt" and "fcSplugen" will open to Italian ports,
more especially those mentioned above, tho interior
of South Germany and Switzerland, and no reason-
able doubts can exist that a direct steamship line,
conducted with judgment and safety, will soon rival
the northern linos of England, Franco, and tho
Northern German Confederation.
Tho vast amount of freight winch now seeks ship-
ment, at Havre, Antwerp, Jiremen, or Hamburg will
surely seek southern ports, for a continuous railway
to Genoa and Loghoi^i will induce manufacturers
and producers to employ tho nearest route.
Permit tho undersigned, to express the hope that
soon an American steamship line will bo established
to connect tho ports of-tho Mediterranean with the
shores of the United States. It will be calculated to
largely incrcaso tho commerce between the countries
bordering on that sea and this continent, and yield
to those who establish it safe and large returns upon
their investments.
Again, his honor the eharg6 d'affaires of
Greece acknowledges my letter to him in the
following:
[Semi-official.]
Legvtion of his Majksty, ICino of Gkhkck,
Washington, April 25,1870.
* [Extract.]
\ A- * ■: * >. >• i
I do not hositato to say that a direct steam com-
munication between the two countries would, I am
convinced, bo ono of the most efficient ways of secur-
ing that very desirable result, and prove to both of
high national importance. < - j*
Greece is rich in all tho natural products of tem-
perate climes. Her oils, her wines, her lruits are
second to none; her maiblcs too l.unoui to require
comment. In return all American manufactures,
agricultural, household and otbor machinery and
implements in particular would lind there an easy
and advantageous market.
In this connection I also gratefully acknowl-
edge the favor of perusal of valuable com-
mercial statistics of the Austrian and Hunga-
rian monarchy, kindly tendered to mo by his
excellency the envoy extraordinary and min-
ister plenipotentiary of that country.
In regard to the Austrian monarchy the fol-
lowing extract of a letter from Hon. John Jay,
our minister to the Austrian court, will find itu
application:
[Extract.]
Legation of the Uxited States,
Washington, September S, 1SG9.
It is so clearly for the advantage of Austria to
secure for her chief sea-port the proper trade, now
diverted to tho benefit of Prussia, lha.t X am inclined
to anticipate oil the part of tho Austrian Govern-
ment, whoso present policy is libeial and progress-
ive, such action in this regard as will conduce not
only to the commerce of the empire, but to the im-
portant interests which you aro preparing to de-
velop.
Letters from the first commercial houses at
Lisbon, Cadiz, Malaga, Barcelona, Marseilles,
Genoa, Leghorn, Messina, Brindisi, Trieste,
Constantinople, Port Said, Alexandria, and
Algiers have been received by the company
of this steamship line, and leading journals
of Europe advocate the enterprise.
