5130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
terms, or perhaps even look with favor on thcirpre-
tensions to get possession of the valley and hold it in
fee simple. They appeared before the Legislature
of 1867-68, the next one to that which had accepted
the congressional grant, and succeeded in procuring
the passage of a bill giving them each one hundred
and sixty acres of land, ana asking Congress to con-
firm this action. It is now stated, however, that by
some clerical oversight this bill did not actually
become a law.
44 Be that as it may, this action of the Legislature
of California came up in Congress for indorsement,
and a bill or resolution to that effect did actually
pa&s the House; but reaching the Senate was unfa-
vorably reportedon and leftpn file forfuture action.
What this action inay be of course it is impossible
to say; but what the result will bo if the bin passes
itwillnot bedifficultto predict. The Yosemite val-
ley, instead of being held by the State for the benefit
of the people, and 'for public use, resort, and pleas-
ure/ as was soleniuly promised, will become the
property of private individuals and will be held and
managed for private benefit, and not for the public
good.
"As the tideof travel in the direction of this won-
derful and unique locality increases, so will the vex-
ations, restraints, and annoying charges which are
so universal at all places of great resort be multi-
plied, and the Yosemite valley, instead of being 4 a
joy forever/ will become, like Niagara Falls, a
gigantic institution tor ileecing the public. The
screws will bo put on just as fast as the public can
be educated into boaring the pressure.
"Instead of having every convenience for circula-
tion in and about the valleys, free trails, roads, and
bridges, with every facility offered for the enjoymenc
of nature in the greatest of her works unrestrained,
except by the requirements of decency and order,
the public will find if the ownership of the valley
passes into private hands that opportunity will bo
taken to levy toll at every point ot view, on every
trail, on every bridge, and at every turning, while
there will be no inducement to do anything for the
public accommodation except that which may bo
made immediately available as a new means of rais-
ing the tax on the unfortunate traveler. Had the
liberal policy inaugurated by the Legislature which
accepted the grant, (that of 1865-68,) been carried out
by its successor—a policy which involved only a very
small expenditure of money—during the past season
now trails and bridges would have been built, afford-
ing free access to every point of interest, and the
present occupants of the valley would have been in
undisturbed possession of their premises, where they
might remain so long as they were willing to conform
to the few simple logulations of the commissioners,
forbidding wanton damage to the trees, shrubs, and
flowers. Leases on reasonable terms would have
been granted to such respectable parties as might
apply for them, and multiplying facilities on every
side would meet the increase of travel.
"It has been argued that the valley is large, and
that the ceding of a coujjle of patches of only one
hundred and sixty acres each to private parties will
have no seriously injurious consequences; the bulk
of the land would still remain in the hands of the
commissioners, to be managed for the benefit of the
public. But there aro only a little more than eleven
hundred acres of land in the valley, within the rocky
talus, or debris fallen from the walls, and of this
only a small portion is valuable land for pasturage
and cultivation, as well as desirable on account of
its convenience of situation. Thus the holders of
three hundred and twenty acres of land judiciously
selected would, in point of fact, have almost a mo-
nopoly of the valley, especially as they would not be
hampered by any restrictions and would bo above
all control bv the commissioners. But, more than
this, the whole valley is already claimed; and if two
of the claimants are to have their requests granted,
the re;?fc must be placed on the same footing; there
would be neither justicenor reason in conceding one
hundred and sixty acres each to Messrs. Lamon and
IlutchiHgs and not doing as much for others who made
claims before either of these gentlemen. The whole
valley must be inevitably given up to the claimants
if any portion of it is, and the commissioners would
recommend that this should be done in case Messrs.
Lamon andliutchings succeed in making good their
pretensions. It would be entirely useless to attempt
to exercise useful control over the premises with so
large a portion of them withdrawn from supervision
and placed in charge of irresponsible persons.
"The State of California has, through its Legisla-
ture, assumed the responsibility and the guardian-
ship of the grants of the valley and the Big Tree
Grove. She has solemnly promised to hold them
" inalienable for all time." She has no right to at-
tempt to withdraw from the responsibility she has
voluntarily assumed. The equitable claims of the
settlers in the valley can be abundantly made good
by a small amount of money; and it is astonishing
that the great State of California should seek to avoid
the performance of her agreement—to repudiate her
obligations—merely to avoid the payment of the
small sum which may be equitably due the parties
who have been deprived by the joint action of the
State and Congress of their power to obtain, at some
future time, a right in fee-simple to the land they
occupied. Legal rights these parties have not; the
land had never been surveyed and opened to pre-
emption. Their ease is like that of thousands of
others who have settled on the public land before it
was surveyed, and who afterward have been ousted
by the General Government when the ground they
occupied was required for purposes of public good."
Mr. JULIAN. I have a very conclusive
answer to what the gentleman has read. I
have official figures from the Commissioner of
the General Land Office himself, and I say there
never was a statement more utterly unfounded
in fact than that which the gentleman has read
from Professor Whitney. I read from official
figures supplied by the General Land Office,
and having reference to the official map of the
valley:
Acrcs,
1. The valley embraced within its walls, (in-
cluding three thousand one hundred and
nine acres meadow land,)  8,480
2. The area of the northern wall of the valley, 2,070
3. The area of the soushcrn wall of the valley, 3,680
4. The area of the bottom lands on both sides
of the valley embraced within the exterior
boundaries of the Yosemite grant  21,SSI
Making a total area of the grant 36,111
It thus appears that the facts referred to are
utterly discredited. The whole area of the
valley is not 1,100 acres, but 36,111. The pre-
emptions of Hutchings and Lamon are consid-
erably less than the one hundredth part of this.
The valley proper, embraced within its walls,
is 8,480 acres, or twenty-six and a half times
larger than the preemptions. If we.come down
still lower and take only the meadow land of
this valley proper, we have 3,109 acres, of
which the claims of these settlers would con-
stitute but a little over one tenth part.
So that in any aspect of this case, according
to the official figures of the Government, there
can be no possible restriction of the use of this
valley by the people of the whole world.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few minutes ?
Mr. JULIAN. I will.
Mr. SARGENT. it may be, as my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] states, that a mis-
take was originally made in ceding this Yo-
semite valley to the State of California. I do
not know but that may be so, and I have no
doubt, should he be able to convince Congress
that such was tlio case, and Congress should
propose to rescind the grant, the State of Cal-
ifornia will freely consent. We have no selfish
ends to gain by its possession of any character.
If the Government wants back its gift let it take
it. If the Government had kept the Yosemite
no one could or would have doubted the right
of Hutchings and Lamon to prove up their
preemptions.
But when my friend speaks of roads being
built to and through this valley, I would like to
remark that, as he well knows, although when
you get to it you see a scene of beauty unsur-
passed on the continent, still it is a wild and
rough country over which to travel to get to the
valley, and it would cost hundreds of thousands
of dollars to build adequate roads to reach it.
I have no doubt the Slate of California will
fairly and properly deal with the Government
in this matter. But to expect it to build these
costly roads at its own expense is making the
grant a very costly one. No such condition
was annexed to the gift, and no reproach
attaches to the State.
But there is one consideration of justice in
this matter which the State of California is
fully alive to; and that is that at the time the
United States made this gift in trust to that State
there were two men in possession of vested rights
in that valley, under the laws of the United
States. It has been but a few minutes since this
House passed a declaratory statute, the effect
of which was to declare a vested right in any
one who under the laws of Congress goes
upon the public lands and acquires a settler's
possession. That right, we said, is not to be
afterward divested by the Government. Y/e
said it would be a fraud to attempt to divest a
right so acquired.
Now, in view of that vote, which was unan-
imous, I appeal, in behalf of these parties,
Hutchings and Lamon, that their rights shall
not be taken away from them. Before you
ceded this valley, years before, these parties
had gone there, and had made there their
humble settlers' homes. They appreciated
the beauty of the place; and when the weary
and fatigued traveler came there by chance,
they sheltered and entertained him freely, until
the fame of the wondrous place spread and
the luxury of such hospitality became impos-
sible.
Mr. Hutchings himself is a man who, with
his own pen and his own pencil, has illustrated
and called the attention of the world to the
beauties of that valley. He is a man of very
superior character, of cultivation and intelli-
gence, an artist iu every sense of the word.
His beautiful book, well written and illustrated,
descriptive of the valley, has awakened the
attention of the civilized world to its number-
less beauties. He has the right which we have
just now solemnly declared to be vested in
settlers, which the State of California has twice
formally recognized, once by a two-thirds vote
of the Legislature. The State has asked the
United States to concede to these early settlers
the rights of which our legislation deprives
them. If the State of California, on the spot,
jealous of this gift, can afford this justice to the
settlers, it seems to me that we can also afford
it, and should pass this bill. The bill is not
generous; it is merely just. It makes no gift;
it only confirms a right. I am authorized to say
that the California delegation are unanimous in
the sentiments I have uttered.
Mr. MAYNARD. Here is a statement which
I want to have verified or contradicted:
" Previous to 1861 the only actual settler and per-
manent resident iu the valley was Mr. J. C. Lamon,
who took up his lonely quarters there in 1860: many
persons had been there during the summer, and num-
erous "claims' had been made, which were of course
invalid under United States laws, as they were not
accompanied by permanent residence, neither had
the land ever been surveyed and brought into mar-
ket, so tha,t it was not open to preemption." *
* "Legal rights these parties had not; the
land ba,d never been surveyed and open to preemp-
tion. Their case is like that of thousands of others,
who have settled on tho public land boforo it was
surveyed, and who have afterward been ousted by tho
General Government, when the ground tbey occupy
was required for purposes of public good."
Mr. WELKER. What is the gentleman
reading from?
Mr. MAYNARD. From Professor Whit-
ney's "Yosemite book."
Mr. JULIAN. I wish the attention of the
House, and particularly that of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] to what I
have to say ih answer to his statements. The
Committee on the Public Lands have looked
at this matter very carefully and made a report,
which I shall ask to have printed in the Globe.
It deals fully with all the facts of this case.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope it will be read. I
think we ought to learn all we can about this
question.
Mr. J ULIAN. In this report we expose the
utter falsity of the statement of Professor Whit-
ney. No man in California at all entitled to
be counted intelligent, and who has no per-
sonal interest in the matter, disputes the fact
that both Hutchings and Lamon were upon
that land as preiimptors prior to the grant of
the valley by the United States to the State of
California. I am quite sure that the statement
of Professor Whitney is recognized in Cali-
fornia as notoriously untrue. It is contra-
dicted by facts which are perfectly well known,
and was not disputed by the Senate Committee
on Private Land Claims in the last Congress,
which reported adversely on the question. I
desire to state further, that the settlement of
Hutchings in the valley prior to the act of
Congress is abundantly shown by the sworn
statements of residents in Mariposa county
who personally knew the fact. I shall not
permit gentleman to escape this point. I state
further, as a fact well known, and which is
proved by the same evidence, that Hutchings
and Lamon are the only men who settled in
the valley as preeruptors prior to the act of
Congress. I state the fact positively, and I
challenge contradiction. Professor Whitney
is wrong in asserting the contrary, and wrong
with the fullestopportunityof being right. The
