1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Payment of Pensions—Mr. Crebs.
Ho. of Reps.
The Swiss Government is so anxious for the
achievement of a line of steamers from this
country to Genoa that she has offered $20,000
as contribution for the transportation of her
mails.
Egypt has volunteered either to take stock
in the company or to give a direct subsidy.
Greece would in a similar manner contribute
toward organizingadirectandcontinuous inter-
course by steam with our country. Other
countries will use still greater efforts to make
this important enterprise a complete success ;
in fact, the combined interest manifested justi-
ces the expectation that this American steam
line not only will be lucrative and highly bene-
licial, but that it will be the powerful vanguard
of similar American ventures on every sea.
Before I close my remarks I may be per-
mitted to say a word in regard to our southern
ports, which the new line proposes to embrace.
A mere glance at the sea-front of our conti-
nent will make it readily appear that internal
improvements and the remarkable energy of
her citizens, rather than natural advantages,
have made New York a great commercial em-
porium. Her harbor is neither commodious
nor in desirable proximity to the ocean; the
influences of winter and the necessity of arti-
ficial defenses are grave objections.
Norfolk, in contrast, has a spacious harbor,
with deep water, universally mild climate, and
military advantages. Sheltered behind the Vir-
ginia capes, it possesses the same preeminent
advantages as a sea-port on the Atlantic which
San Francisco, guarded by the Golden trate,
enjoys on the Pacific. Her port is and will
be intimately connected with the existing and
prospective system of canals, rivers, railways,
and inland lakes. Through a combination of
physical circumstances it presents geograph-
ical, commercial, and defensive features per-
tinent to the proposed legislation contemplat-
ing the establishment of steamship lines. Nor-
folk is one of the natural termini of great high-
ways to the sea, being the most favorable
outlet for the valuable resources and traffic of
the Ohio and Mississippi valleys, and her port
the natural gateway to the air-line trade with
southern Europe and the Orient.
The stretch of country which lies west of the
Alleghany mountains, embracing the cities of
Pittsburg, Wheeling, Columbus, Toledo, Cin-
cinnati, and Louisville, and the States of Vir-
ginia, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Iowa,
Nebraska, and even those further south, are
directly interested in this new and cheap line
of transit, and will participate in the imme-
diate results growing out of the Government
patronage in favor of this grand conception
tending to national progress and greatness.
The topography of the country lying within
its scope plainly indicates to the mind of the
statesman, merchant, and soldier what vast
interests are involved in this magnificent yet
very feasible scheme. I venture the opinion
that this route will, in the near future, become
the central channel of commerce from the
northern lakes to the verge of the Atlantic
«lope, receiving support from the domestic
production of two fifths of our whole territory.
A direct water and railway line from the Ohio
to the Virginia capes will irresistibly deflect
the agricultural and industrial treasures from
over one million square miles of country, and
gather the trade ot the net-work of railroads
and fifteen hundred miles of river navigation
embraced in this area. When consummated,
this work will become unquestionably a sub-
lime element of onward progress, indicating
the genius of the energised millions of free-
men who, under the inspirations of Christianity
and peace, are in this liberal epoch entering
upon a career of material development which
aggregates the sum of individual successes in
majestic forms of enterprise unparalleled in
the history of the world.
Payment of Pensions,
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN M. CREBS,
OB1 ILLINOIS,
1st the House of Representatives,
May 12, 1870.
The House having undcrconsideration the bill (H.
R. No. 1987) to define the <tu(ies of pension agents,
to prescribe the manner of paying pensions, and for
other purposes—
Mr. CREBS said ;
Mr. Speaker: The subject of the proper
method of paying pensions to those brave men
who have lost limbs in their country's service,
or have sacrificed their health upon its altar,
and to the wives, mothers, fathers, or children
of those who have died that theircountry might
live, has for a long time past attracted the
attention of those interested in the welfare of
the nation's brave defenders. And while all
will admit that the pittance granted as pen-
sion to the recipients of the same is wholly
inadequate to the services rendered, yet, all
agree that under the circumstances it is the
best the Government can do at the present
time in their behalf.
But while we cannot do better, in amount, for
these recipients now, it is a burning shame to
the Government that by her laws it is rendered
so difficult and expensive to the pensioners to
obtain the little mite granted them by the "best
Government on earth." Nine tenths of these
pensioners are poor, deprived of limbs or
health, or protectors, by the ravages of war;
and in many, yea, very many cases, their only
support is the Government aid in the way of
their pension; and yet we, under our present
laws, permit them to, be paid but twice a year,
andrequiie of them an expense of ten or twenty
dollars to make their semi-annual collections.
This is all wrong, and should be prevented if
a way can be found to that end.
The Committee on Invalid Pensions on the
13th of December last presented to this House
a bill which, I am free to admit, in some of its
features is an improvement on the present sys-
tem of paying pensions, and since that time,
by amendments offered, coming from the same
committee, they have improved their bill as
first introduced, and in an important particu-
lar, hy the amendment last offered, directing
payments to be made quarterly instead of semi-
annually, as under the present system. But
still the bill, according to my judgment, fails
to meet the great wants of pensioners, and for
that reason, on the 12th day of January last, I
prepared and submitted to the House a bill
which was referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, and which I was permitted by
the House on the 25th of February last to offer
as a substitute for the bill now before the
House, which bill, with an amendment to the i
first section, I send to the Clerk's desk to be 1
read. !
The Clerk read as follows: I
Strike out all after the cnacting clauso and insert j
the following: ;
That all pensioners of the United States, whether :
of the military, naval, or marine service, from and !
after the 1st clay of January, le71, shall be paid such ,
pensions as they may be entitled to by law.quarteily, ■
at the county seats of each and every county, and at
tho scatofjusticein parishes of the several States and
Territories of the Union in which said pensioners may
atthetimebedomicilcdonthelst days m the months
of January, April, July, and October, m each ana
every year,except when the 1st days oi the said months ■
may be on Sundays, and in such case?, then on the
next days thereafter; and in the District ot Columbia >
payment shall be made at tho oiiicc of the Compns-
sioner of Pensions, and not elsewhere: Provided, <
That payment t-s persons laboring undei legal dis-
abilities"may be made to the guardians of such per-
sons: And provided farther, That pensions payable
to persons m foreign countries may be made accord-
ing to the provisions of existing law-.
Sec. 2. Ami he itfvrf!i?r wicted, 'j hr>t the several
postmasters at the county scats of counties_and at the
seat of justice in parishes of the several States and
Territories of the Union are herebj' made and consti-
tuted exoiftciopension agcntsoftheUnitedStates.and
shall, in addition to the bonds now required by law,
bo further required to enter into additional bond m
the penalsum of $5,000, payable to the United States
of America, conditioned for the faithful performance
of all the duties required of them by this act, which
bond shall be given with one or more securities to bo
approved by the collector of internal revenue of the
United States in the district in which said county
may be loeatcd, or by a judge of a State court exer-
cising common law jurisdiction over the county or
parish where such postmaster and ex officio pension
agent may reside.
Sec. 3. And be it further enaclcd, That such post-
masters and cx officio pension agents shall be re-
quired to pay all pensions due in their respective
counties or parishes to such pensioners as may be
domiciled or permanently resident therein, and none
others, such payment to be made on or before the
3d days ot said months of January, April, July, and
October, in each and every year, free of any charge
whatever to the pensioners; and for such service the
postmaster and cx officio pension agent shall receive
for every pensioner paid by him for the Government
and for each payment so made by him the sum of
thirty cents, to be paid to them through the Post
Oftice Department of the Government.
Sec. 4. And bo it farther enacted, Thatallnecessary
vouchers upon which pensions shall be paid shall
be prepared at the office of the Commissioner ot
Pensions, and under his auspices, and ho is hereby
authorized to employ such additional clerks as may
be necessary for him to carry this act into effect,
not however, exceeding  , such vouchers to be
prepared one month beiore the date when the pen-
sions aro duo and payable by the provisions of this
act, and such vouchers so prepared, together with a
complete listoi all pensioners mthecounty or parish,
shall be transmitted by mail to the postmaster and
ex officio pension agent in such county at least one
month, as atorcsaid, before the payment of pensions
is due.
bEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That immediately
on the receipt of the vouchers and list of pensioners,
as provided in section tour ofth^act, it shall bo the
duty _ of tho postmaster and cx, officio pension agent
reading a.t, tho county seat to make immediate in-
quiry and examination as to the correctness of the
list turnished liirn, as provided in section tour of this
act, and to tliiu end he may require all pensioners to
exhibit to him their pension certificates, either by
themselves, or by some friend who will swear before
such postmastei and exojficio pension agent that lio
received it irom such pensioner, thathe is personally
acquainted witn hiin or her, and that such pensioner
on the day of the presentation of such pension cer-
tificate is a resident of such county, and stating al, o
how long such residence has continued, and also
stating what county and State he was last a resident
of, in case of removal: and said postmaster and
ojjieio pension agent is hereby further authorized to
examine any pensioner or other witness under oath
to iully_saticiy himself of their indentity and claim
to pension; and alter thus tully cxaminingthelistof
pensioners furnished him, and making such correc-
tions, if any he may hnd to be proper, carefully noting
deaths, removals, and in such case the county, ll
known, to which they have removed, and any other
information he may consider of interest, or which
may from time to time be required of him by the
Commissioner of Pensions, he shall, at least ten days
before the day of paying pensions, as provided in
this act, return said list of pensions corrected by him
as aforesaid, or by mail, to the Commissioner of
Pensions.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That on tho re-
ceipt of the pension list as aforesaid by the Commis-
sioner of Pensions he shall carefully examine and
file the same away in his office; and of those entitled
to pensions he shall note the amount, and at lea^t
threo days before pensions arc due, as provided in
this act, he shall make out in the name of each
pensioner a, warrant on the xlssistant Treasurer at
New York for the exact sum due the pensioner at
such quarterly payment, and shall transmit for all
pensioners in the county to the postmaster and e.-t
officio pension agent of the county, requiring him to
take the necessary proof in each case, and upon the
proof as required by tho Commissioner of Pensions,
being made ho shall thereupon pas-* over to tho
pensioner the warrant, taking his receipt upon the
voucher for the same, and he shall thereupon im-
mediately transmit such \oaehcrs to t,hc Commis-
sioner ot Pension-.
Sec. 7. And be itfurtln r amotcd, Thatthepostm.v-
ters and cx officio pension agents provided for in thi^
aet are hereby authorised to administer all oaths that
maybe necessary in preparing the vouchers, or ad-
minister anyothcroaths that may benecessary under
the provisions ofthis bill, and he or she is authorized
to two a seal, to be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Pensions, to verify their signatures to all papers;
and any pensioner or witness who shall swear talsely,
or who shall mako a false affirmation to any vouchor,
or any other oath made necessary or proper by the
provisions of this bill, shall be deemed guilty of
peijury, and on c-mvicuo.i tht'iouf shall he iinpiir-
oned not le^< than one nor more than three year.,
in the discretion otthe eourtor jury tryingthesame.
Siv. b. Aiid up it farther c.iacicl, That anj^ponf-
mnster and c,c nj/ici<> pension agent who knovTinc^r.
willfully, or tor the purpose of defrauding the Uni-
ted fctar.es Government, or aiding therein, shall a;u,
bet, advise, or a'sist any person or persons, lv
mcan-- of fake pronation or false swearing, or i i
any other way oi manner to procu&e a pensioner 3nv
