1870.
THE COJNGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
5131
gentleman says the land was not surveyed.
That makes no difference, since by the act of
1862 the right of preemption on unsurveyed
land is allowed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Professor
Whitney is a resident of my district, a man of
the highest character, an eminent professor in
Harvard college, a gentleman whose integrity
no one in New England would question, and
whose word would pass anywhere as quickly
as that of the gentleman from Indiana, for
whom I entertain the highest regard. I am
surprised, therefore, that the gentleman should
refer to Professor Whitney in the terms which
he lias just used.
Mr. JULIAN. I believe Professor Whitney
is regarded in New England as a man of high
character, a scholar, and a gentleman, but he is
mistaken in the statement which he has made,
and has had the amplest means of knowing
that Hutchings was on the land prior to the
act of Congress ceding it to the State of Cali-
fornia. But the fact is, whether Professor
Whitney knows it or not, that both Iiutchings
and Lamon were settlers on tlie land prior to
the act of 1864.
I call the previous question. If it should be
seconded, I will yield to gentlemen who may
desire to discuss the question.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 65, noes 35 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Julian, and
Mr. Hooper of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 69, noes 47.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. JULIAN. I yield for a few moments
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiknck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I voted to second the pre-
vious question, though distinctly intending to
vote against the bill, supposing all that need bo
said can be said within the hour of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] which he can
parcel out as he chooses.
The SPEAKER. The understanding this
morning was that the hour of the Committee on
the Public Lands should not run over, because
the next hour belongs to the Committee on
Patents ; and at half past one the Committee
of Elections will be entitled to the floor for the
consideration of contested-election cases.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; I shall not
extend my remarks beyond the hour which is
about to close.
The United States has conveyed in trust to
the State of California this magnificent valley,
to be reserved, on account of its great and
peculiar beauty, for the benefit of the world.
This valley contains a thousand or perhaps
two thousand acres of land capable of use lor
agricultural or other purposes. It is now pro-
posed to make two reservations (I care not
whether it be two or one) within that valley,
to be held as private property, with no security
that these reservations may not be converted
into places of resort or amusement, filled per-
haps with lager beer saloons or something of
that kind ; or if used for agricultural purposes,
those reservations may be covered with corn-
fields, or potato-patches, or cow-yards, i want
no such destruction of that beautiful place. 1
would rather the Government should pay these
men any reasonable amount of moncv lor the
relinquishment of their claims, if they really
have any, than thus with one hand make a
grant, for a purpose of taste, and with the other
destroy it by utterly taking away all its worth
for such a purpose.
But.it is said that Mr. Hutchings, the gen-
tleman who resides on this land, is himself a
man of taste, who would embellish his grant.
Sir, Mr. Iiutchings, I suppose, is not immortal.
Ho may die. Hewillhavesuccessors. Nobody
kuows into whose hands the title of that land
may pass. Shall we allow to be cut out of the
midst of this land of beauty, for all time, a
place that may be desecrated in any possible
way, thus defeating the purpose of tlie original
reservation? TV
These gentlemen are squatters, preemptors
perhaps. Then let them get the value of what-
ever equity they have, if they have any, (for
certainly they have no legal title,) in some other
way, either from the State of California or from
the United States. But do not let them with-
hold from this reservation, to be passed to suc-
cessors, we know not whom, what may become
forever a blot upon the beauty we want to pre-
serve.
Mr. JULIAN. I yield to my friend from
Nevada [Mr. Pitch] for one moment.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to mention a single
fact. I am informed that there were in the
Yosemite valley seven large peculiarly beauti-
ful trees. When Mr. Ilutchins, who has been
referred to by my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Julian,] located in the valley, and rather than
permit the destruction of those trees, Mr.
Hutchings went to the expense of obtaining
his timber at a distance of from six to eight
or ten miles from the place where his house
is situated. The commission appointed by
the State of California to take charge of this
valley, of- whom Professor Whitney was one,
designated or recommended or obtained the
appointment of a State agent, who, in the first
sixty days of his official duties in the valley,
cut down four of these trees in order to ob-
tain material to construct a bridge across the
Merced river.
Mr. ALLISON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Nevada to say that there were
only seven large trees in the Yosemite valley?
Mr. FITCH. I have said that I have been
informed that there were only seven peculiarly
large beautiful trees in that valley.
Mr. ALLISON. I have been in that valley,
and there is dead timber enough lying there
to keep one hundred families in fuel for years.
Mr. FITCII. My friend from Iowa is from
a prairie country, and what we on the Pacific
would regard as very small wood he would
probably designate as " timber."
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I am sur-
prised at the statement of the gentleman from
Nevada, and I am sure he never visited the
Yosemite valley. I paid a visit to that valley
last summer, and know there is a great deal of
fallen timber there. There are many beautiful
and magnificent trees standing and growing in
the valley, and they are found scattered through-
out its vast extent.
As a member of the Committee on the Public
Lands, 1 wish to say hero that from the investi-
gation I have been able to give to the pending
proposition I am unable to find that either
one of these gentlemen have any legal or equit-
able claim under our public laud laws. The
chairman has slated that the Supreme Court
has decided during the present winter that
these preemptors are without any rights which
they can enforce.
Mr. J [JUAN. We have just voted to cor-
rect that.
Mr. HAWLEY. The chairman says that we
have just voted to correct that; so we have, but
in that remark the gentleman admits my whole
position. These men have rights, wo are told,
which accrued in 1859 for Mr. Lamon, and m
1884 for Mr. Hutchins. The law of 1864 passed
by Congress provided that the Yosemite valley
should be given to the State of California, to be
held forever as a pleasure-ground, as a place
of beauty for the people of the United States
who might visit it. It is a valley worth a voy-
age round the world to see.
A law of Congress, pasftd several years ago,
provided that in some of the western Stales
persons should be allowed to enter upon the
unsurveyed public lands for the purpose of
preempting them, and perfecting such preemp-
tion after such lands should be surveyed. That
law was extended to California. But in the
case of the Yosemite valley it had never been
surveyed at the time when Congress, by the
law of 1861, conveyed the valley to the State
of California; consequently no right under such
law ever accrued in favor of these settlers.
Now, it has not only been decided by the
Supreme Court that persons located upon un-
surveyed lands have no legal or equitable rights
which they can enforce, but, sir, long since it
was held by the Attorney General that they
had no such rights as are now claimed. And
such decision has uniformly been acted upon
by the land department of the Government.
These lands were never surveyed, and never
will be, and therefore these men have not paid
a cent for surveys. They have incurred no
expense in reference to this valley, and they
have no legal or equitable right to these lands.
If they have any pretense of right I would pay
them liberally for their claim.
Mr. JULIAN. I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to speak for an hour?
Mr. JULIAN. I have no disposition to
consume more than a few moments. I only
desire to say that the remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] have surprised
me. He says Hutchings has no legal right.
The gentleman has just voted that such set-
tlers have rights, and has thus branded the
judicial decision referred to, which makes this
bill necessary. Is he, and is this House now
ready to turn these settlers out, and say well
done to that decision ? And are we only willing
to legislate for railroad corporations and rich
monopolies, and so eager to dispossess these
poor men because they may possibly establish
"lager saloons" and layout "corn-fields"
and "cow-yards" on their preemptions?
Ilutchins, he says, may die, and his children
may mar this beautiful valley. Is that an argu-
ment suited to so grave an issue, involving the
rights of settlers everywhere ? And does the
gentleman imagine that these "squatters," as
he calls them, or their children, could possibly
mar the indestructible beauty and magnificence
of the granite mountains which wall in the
valley, or the cascades which are poured over
their tops? Why does not the gentleman deal
with this case upon its merits? No gentleman
has met the questions of fact and law I have
presented. As to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Hawlet,] he ought to have known that
the right of preemption exists upon the public
lands, whether surveyed or unsurveyed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be com-
pelled, under a previous order of the House,
to decide that the bill must go over until Tues-
day next if debate be continued.
Mr. JULIAN. Then I demand a vote.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that it be laid
on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman from
Indiana is guilty of bad faith. He promised
I should have the floor after the previous ques-
tion was seconded.
The SPEAKER. He did so under misap-
prehension. A unanimous order of the House
prevented him from yielding, and the Chair
takes the full responsibility m reference to bad
faith.
Mr. JULIAN demanded the yeas and nays.
'I he yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 31, not voting
Ul; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer, Asper,
Atwood,Beatty,Bird, Blair.Boyd, tteorgeM.Brooks,
Buckley, Buiiimon, J>uicbard, Burr, (jhurcbiit, Co
burn, Conger, Conner, Cook, Crobs, Culloai, Davis,
Dawes, Diekcy, Dickinson, Donley, Dox, Dyer, Ela,
, Eidndge, Eemss, ferry, i/inkelnburs?, i'lsher, Getx,
j Cillillan, i.r) i. >\'oid, Hairis, Hawiey, llay, lioar, llol-
| man, Hooper, Jonckes, Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
. Kerr, Ivnapp, Knutt, Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan,
Louglind^e, Marshall, Mayliam, Alaynard, McCar-
1 thy, MeCrary, A11:<:My, Aj ecru r, Ehakim li. Moore,
I Jesse Jf. Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Myers, Niblaek,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Peek, l'eters, Phelps, Pros-
i ser, Kantian, Sargent, Schenck. Seotield, Porter
j Sheldon. Sherrod, Shober, John A. Smith, William
| J. Smith, Worthmgton 0. Smith, Stevens, Stiles,
| Siokes, SioutdHuii, Stiiekland, Sweenoy, Tillman,
Tyner, Van Trump, Wallace, Cadwalader 0. Wash-
burn, Wells,Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard, Williams,
John T. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, and Wood-
ward—101.
