44
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
Mr. POMEROY. The new map ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; whether it is not a
tracing of that—the map made by geographers
in Germany. The Senator perhaps understands
that the Germans take the lead of us all in
mapping, and they have made a map of the
United States which is certainly excellent in
its way; but I submit to my friend whether on
the whole it is expedient that we should pub-
lish officially a map which ia a tracing from
one made by the German geographers?
Mr. HO WE. Do you know that?
Mr. SUMNER. No; I have heard it.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know the truth
of the allegation to which the Senator from
Massachusetts alludes. I do not know whether
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
has used that tracing or not. I know, he has
got a good map, if I am any judge of the to-
pography of this country. What we are using
now, and what the Printing Committee recom-
mend the publication of year by year, is an
old map that the country has outgrown, that
has been stereotyped for I suppose ten years;
that does not exhibit the western country at
all. The Department hare gone to the expense
of making a new map, and now the question
is, or will be before the Senate very soon if it
is not in this report, whether we shall publish
it and whether this country does not demand
a new map. If Senators who have been across
the continent and seen the western country do
not think we need something different from
what we have had for the last ten or fifteen
years I am mistaken. That matter, however,
is not contained in this report, and hence I do
not press it now.
Mi\ WILLIAMS. I do not intend to say
anything on the pending resolution ; but I pro-
pose, when the question of printing the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office for 1809 comes before us, to introduce a
resolution to provide for the publication of
these maps in connection with that report; and
f shall then submit to the Senate such consid-
erations as appear to me to be of weight in
favor of the printing of these maps.
isow, sir, there is considerable said about
the expenses of publishing certain reports—the
agricultural report, the reports of tie Patent
Olhce, and the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Oifice ; but in my judgment
no money can be more wisely expended than
in the publication and distribution of these
icports. So far as I know these complaints
do not come from the people who pay the taxes
and whose taxes are employed in the publica-
tion and distribution of these reports. I be-
lieve that the farmers of this country are per-
fectly willing to pay their proportion of the
taxes necessary to distribute through the coun-
tiy the information as to our great agricultural
interests obtained by the Agricultural Depart-
ment of the Government; and if this inform-
ation is not to bo disseminated throughout the
country we had better abolish the Agricultural
Bureau, and_ dispense altogether with the
expenses arising from its existence.
As to the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office and these maps, they are
ol immense service to the country. Immigra-
tion aid societies are organized in all the new
States tor the purpose of dispensing through-
out Europe information as to oar public lands;
and there are no means by which this informa-
tion can be so satisfactorily communicated to
the people of Europe as through these reports
witl ? im.aj3S' wi5loh tave ,)een Prepared
with ei eat labor and at considerable expense
by the Commissioner of the General land
' t0 their being copies of any Ger-
man or European maps, I have only to say
that the Commissioner represents to me that
they are maps which he has prepared at a
great expense of labor, and, so far as I am
competent to judge, they are the best maps
that were ever made in the United States. I
ope, therefore, that no prejudice will arise to
thatquestion before it comes before the Senate,
from any remarks that have been made by the
chairman of the Committee on Printing.
Mr. STEWART. I simply wish to remark
that I am very much pleased with the disposi-
tion shown to publish these maps at the proper
time. For the information of the advancing
settlements there is nothing so important as
accurate maps that shall be kept up with the
settlements, showing what land is open to pre-
emption, what land is open to homesteads,
what land is subject to private entry, where it
is situated, and its surroundings. If we desire
really to aid those settlements and give them
proper information we should publish the maps
yearly, showing what has been done the pre-
vious year, so that the next immigrants will
have a guide to go by. Here is a map; here
are the settlements made this year; and next
year they will know where they can go and get
public lands. It is one of the most important
things for immigrants to know where they
can go. There is a great want of informa-
tion throughout the country on this subject.
Although it may be expensive we mustpublish
these maps more promptly, so as to keep up
with the advancing settlements, so that immi-
grants may know where to go. I consider this
one of the most important things to which Con-
gress can turn its attention. The Commis-
sioner of the Generai Land Office keeps up
annually with the advancing settlements in
these maps, and we ought to publish them
every year. The map for 1869, of course, will
be much more important than the one for 1868.
Consequently I shall wait until that report
comes in, and then I shall join the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. SUMNER. A remark fell from the Sen-
ator from Kansas which interested me. He said
that the map that is now circulated is ten years
old. I agree with him that that is wrong; in-
deed it is a disgrace to the country that we
should be now circulatingaraaptcn years old.
We might as well circulato an almanac ten
years old, for in the last decade our country
has changed geographically and in all that is
represented on a map as much as it has in an
almanac. _ I am therefore with the Senator
in his desire to have( a new map ; but I hope
that that map will be founded on careful and
original observation. I do not wish it a copy
from abroad, certainly, unless they have suc-
ceeded m Germany in obtaining information
about our country in its details and in its gen-
eral geographical features which we have not
succeeded m obtaining'. I know, however,
very well the great ability and aptitude of the
Germans for maps.. For many years they have
provided the best maps of the world, far better
than the English, far better than the French,
far better than ourselves; but still I do think
that we ought to be able to make the bestmap
of our own country, and it should be founded
on the observations of our own people.
All this that 1 have said is merely an intro-
duction to the conclusion that if the Land
Officc has made original observations which it
has recorded on a map I should be very anx-
ious to publish it,, and I would not be niggard
in the means. I believe it is a very excellent,
and, let me say, even an economical form of
expenditure. I believe that a good map of the
United States at this moment, accompanied
by a plain and intelligible report on our re-
sources, and particularly illustrative of our
land system, will be a recommendation where
ever it goes, both at home and abroad. I
should like to have it circulated everywhere in
Europe, and I know it would bring a new pop-
ulation to our shores. My friend from Nevada
I Mr. In ye] remarks that the reports ought to
po published m different languages. Certainly
in one or two languages besides our own I
think they should be published. They should
be published in German. There is a large
ana excellent population that is standing on tin-
toe to come to us, and I am for giving them the
information to help them. Therefore when
the question comes up on this map, whether
upon the_ report of my friend the chairman of
the Printing Committee or from whatever quar-
ter it comes, I shall be in favor of it, pro-
vided he can let us know that it is really a good
map and of a character to justify the very con-
siderable expenditure required; but I add
again that I sha.ll not be deterred by the expend-
iture, for I believe that it will be an economy.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to submit an amend-
ment, to strike out the words "connected map
of the United States" and insert "maps pre-
pared by the Commissioner of the General
Land Officeso that the resolution will read:
That there bo printed five thousand extra copies of
the report of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office for 1868, with the maps prepared by the Com-
missioner of tile General Land Office, for the use of
the Senate, &c.
Mr. President, I think the question whether
we shall have these maps printed or not is a
question as proper to be decided now as when
the question of printing the new report or the
report for the present year shall come before
us. In my judgment we have waited too long
for the printing of the report and the map. I
agree with the Senator from Kansas and the
Senator from Massachusetts that it is worse
than idle for us to print this connected map,
which the committee I understand have recom-
mended, if it is such a map as has been-de-
scribed by the Senator from Kansas. I do not
myself know what the map is, but to print a
map ten years old. as a map of the United
States of to-day is, it strikes me, a very idle and
profitless ceremony. There is scarcely any
more similitude between the United States of
to-day and the United States of ten years ago
than there was between the United States ten
years ago and the continent of Europe. We
have outgrown that patent altogether; it is a
different country; and if we circulate any such
map we are almost guilty, not of getting money
under false pretenses, for we should not get
any money for- it, I suppose, but we should be
guilty of throwing away money under false
pretenses or upon false pretenses. I think we
ought to submit to the American people aud
we ought to submit to the people of the world,
if we submit anything at all in the shape of a
map or if we submit anything at all upon the
character of the resources of the country, some-
thing that is truthful. ;Now, I believe the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office has pre-
pared something that is truthful.
1 he suggestion is made here by the Senator
from Massachusetts that it maybe a copy from
a German map. I have no acquaintance with
any recent German map of the United States.
1 have some acquaintance with the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. My idea
of him is that he is not a man who copies from
anybody. He is a tireless worker; and if we
have any public man or private citizen who
goes without regard to the expenditure of
time or of labor to original sources for his
facts and his information, I think it is the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. The
maps he has prepared I have looked at. I am
no better judge of their accuracy than anybody
else, but I believe he has taken the pains to
acquaint himself with the most recent facts
concerning the geography of our country, and
that he has faithfully, so far as he could, por-
trayed them upon that map. Now, I think it
is due to the country, not to the Commissioner,
that the fruit of that labor should go to them,
and1 do not see why it should not go as well
m the report of last year, considering that the
maps were then prepared, as to go with the
report of the present year. At all events, Mr.
President, I do not think it becomes us to pub-
lish the map which the resolution as it is
reported here proposes to publish. That
should be stricken out, I think, even if we do
not insert the other; but I think we should
insert the other.
Mr. _ HARLAN. Mr. President,, I agree
witii tiie Senator .from Wisconsin, and shall
support the amendment that he has offered.
1 agree also with the Senator from Massacbu-
