5132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
^ AYS—Messrs. Axtell, Benton, Boles, Roderick
K. Butler, Cessna, Sidney Cla.rke, AmasaCobb, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Ifockery, Fitch, HaraUL Hawkins,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Julian. McCormick,
J llliam Moore, Palmer, Pomeroy, Rice, Holers,
Sawver, Schumaker, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,
William Smyth, Taylor, Townsend, Twichell, Wel-
ker, and EugeneM. Wilson—31.
OT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Armstron g,
Arnell, Ayer.Baileyj Banks, Larnum, Barry, Bea-
nian, Beck, Benjamin. Bennett, Biggs, Bingham,
Booker, Lowen, JamesBrooks. Buck. Burdett. Ben-
•UV11111, i Butler, Cake, Calkin, William T. Clark,
Cleveland, Covode, Cowles, Cox, Degener, Dixon,
Duval, Farnsworth, Pox, Garfield, Gibson. Haight,
. Jialdcmaii, Hale, Hamblelon, Hamilton. Hays, lief-
lin, Hill, Hoge, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Ivelley, Kel-
logg; Kelsey, Ivctchnm, Laflin, Lynch, MeGrew,
McU.ee, McKenzie. Milnes. Morpliis, I>aniel J. Mor-
rell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Negley, New-
v^haifl, O'Keill, Paine, Per#e, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Potter, Reeves, ltidgway, Roots, Sanford, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stone,
Strader. Strong, Sivann, Tafto, Tanner, Trimble,
Upson,Van Auken, Van]lorn, Van Wyek, Voorhees,
Ward. William B. Washburn, Wilkinson, Witchcr,
and Wood—P-1.
So the House ordered the bill to be laid on
the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SARGENT, who had voted in the nega-
tive, changed his vote to the affirmative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
_ Mr. SARGENT and Mr. RANDALL rose
simultaneously.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to reconsider I lie
vote just taken.
Mr. HAND ALL. J move to reconsider the
vote just taken j and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must recog-
nize the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall,] because it is in the
direction of the vote just taken.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent
to^ make a statement, to occupy only half a
minute.
Mr. RANDALL. I object. The gentleman
denied us our right of speaking on the bill.
Mr. JULIAN. That was under the ruling;
of the Chair.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not insist 011 my
objection.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to say that I think
this question is not fully understood, and I ask
the House to allow a motion to reconsider to
be entered and not to be laid on the table. X
shall not call up that motion until next session,
and meanwhile members will have time to ex-
amine the report in the case and form a delib-
erate judgment upon it.
_ Mr. .RANDALL. I object to any such propo-
sition.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask for the yeas and nays
011 the motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes sixteen ; not a sufficient number.
Mr. SARGENT. I demand tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes sixteen;
not a sufficient number.
So tellers were refused; and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
on the table was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to state that I
changed my vote merely in order to move a
reconsideration.
Mr. JULIAN. There is a very carefully
prepared report connected with this bill, which
I ask to have printed in the Globe.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered.
The report is as follows:
I%e Yosem tie valley and I Jit riyht of preemption.
Julian, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, maae the following report:
Iho Committee on the Public Lands, to whom was
rderred House bill No. 184, entitled "An act to con-
firm to J. M. HufcehinffS and J. C. Lamon their pre-
???&]?? %"?* tb£ Yosomite valley, in the State
forma, have had the same under considcra-
ll£\+and n0W rGSPcctfully submit the following
XvDQl 11
?tf Auno.30%18GA' Congress granted to the
btate of California the ' cleft" or "gorge" in the
granite peak of the Sierra Nevada mountains, in
Mariposa county, on the head waters of the Merced
river, and Known as the Yosemite valley. The act
stipulated that the premises should beheld by the
State "for public use, resort, and recreation;" that
they should "be inalionable for all time;" but that
"leases not exceeding ten years" might " be granted
for portions of said premises." The act further pro-
vided for establishing the boundaries of the valley
by the surveyor general of California, whose official
plat, when affirmed bythe Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, is made the evidence of the " locus,
extent, and limits" of the grant; and the premises
are to bo managed by the Governor of California,
with eight other commissioners, to bo appointed by
himself. On the 2d day of April, I860, the Legislature
accepted the grant "upon the conditions, reserva-
tions, and stipulations contained in said act of Con-
gress."
The marvelous beauty and grandeur of the locality
prompted this legislation. Among thegreatnatural
wonders, of the world it stands unrivaled. The
cleft in the mountains which forms this valley is
some seven miles long, and of varying width, not
exceeding ^ three miles at any point, and is walled
in by precipitous mountains of granite from three
thousand to lour thousand five hundred feet in height.
O ver these walls, which are generally perpendicular,
the waters of rhe Merced river and its tributaries
falhnto the valley below, forming the most beautiful
cascades in tho known world. No description could
do justice to the dazzling seenos of loveliness and
magnificence which feast the eye and gladden tho
heart 111 every part of this wonderfully appointed
valley. It was felt, and most naturally, that a spot
so sacred to beauty and to worship should not be ap-
propriated to private ownership and exclusive use,
but should be preserved free and open to the world;
and Congress, on tho assurance that no settlements
had been established in tho valley under the laws of
the United States, made the grant to which wc have
referred, which California accepted.
The fact was, however, that prior to the parage
of the act of Congress donating the vailev to Cali-
fornia, two enterprising gentlemen, J. M. liutchings
and J. C. Lamon, had settled in it uudor the pre-
emption laws of the United States. Mr. Lamon has
been a settler on one hundred and sixty acres of it
since the_ year 185'J, having repeatedly visited the
valley prior to that time and purchased the claims
of otnerswho had duly acquired title under the pos-
sessory laws of California. Mr. liutchings also pur-
chased_the possessory rights of those who had been
vn continuous possession for years before him, though
his actual residence in the valley was not consum-
mated till the spring of I8ot. Loth gentlemen were
pioneer explorers of the valley, wh^se intentional
residence long preceded their actual. Loth were
smitten with the rare loveliness of the region, and
exposed themselves to great hardships and dangers
in the effort to secure their homes. Mr. IlutcMngs,
especially, by his early interest in the valley, his
various publications on the subject, and hit, litho-
graphic and illustrated views of its scenery, has done
much to awaken tho general interest now felt in the
place. These settlers have built their cabins, planted
extensive orchards ^ and vineyards, constructed
bridges and other improvements, and expended
thousands of dollars in money m establishing for
themselves comfortable homes, while encounteiing
for years all the perils and privations incident to a
life remote from society and civilization.
I>ut these facts, when they became known, did not
prevent thecommir-sioneis appointed by theGovemor
ol the State, in pursuance of the act of Congress, from
proceeding to bring an ejectment against these pre-
eoiptors. They appealed to tho Legislature of Cal-
ifornia, which passed an act allowing them one hun-
dred and sixty acres each, to be taken in such shape
and form as to include the lands occupied and im-
proved by them, or those under whom they held prior
to the 80th day of June, 1S(>1. The grant is upon the
condition that the State, through her board of com-
missioners, shall havo the power ot any time to lay
out. construct, and maintain such roads, bridges,
paths, and avenues as may be ncccssary for the con-
venience of the public and visitors to the valley.
The act furtner provides that it shall take effect
from and after its ratification byConsrcss. It passed
tho assembly by a vote of 55 ayes to 10 nays, and the
senate almost unanimously. The Governor returned
it with his veto, butitwnspn^ed over hi^ objections
by a vote in the assembly of il ayes to 11 nays, and
in the senate by a vote of 27 ayes to 10 nays.
lhe?o arc tho substantial facts which belong to the
history of the bill now reported to the House by this
committee, and w hieh. simply enacts that tho act of
the Legislature of California securing to these set-
tlers their preemptions shall be confirmed. Tt pro-
poses to place them exactly where they would have
been but for the act of Congress, and which act, your
committee are well convinced, would havo excepted
the claims of these settlers if their existence had
been known at the date of its passage. This is tho
issue piesented to this House. The fact is abund-
antly established that TTutchings and La.mon were
actual settlers on tho land claimed by them at the
time of and prior to tho date of the passage of tho
act of Congress. This is not disputed. It is equally
evident that they were settlers and prcomptors in
good faith. Shall their rights be protected? Shall
the Government maintain its plighted faith? Tins
is the question, and it involves not simply the rights
Oi two men, but of tho whole array of settlors under
the preemption and homestead laws of the United
States. Havo they any rights which tho Government
is bound to respect, or are they mere trespasser, or
at best, tenants at will?
The committee regret to say tl\at this question has
of late been treated as an open one. They regret
still moro that the executive department of the
Government has deeidod it against our pioneer set-
tlers; and we shall therefore examine the position
with more eare than could otherwise have been
deemed necessary. The very point arose in a case
which was submitted to the Interior Department
under the last Administration. Greatly to the sur-
prise of lawyers, and to the serious disappointment
of settlers whose rights were involved, tho Secretary
of tho Interior referred the question, as a dobtful
one, to Attorney General Speed, who advised him—
''That a settler under the preemption laws ac-
quires, andean acquire.no vested interest in the land
he occupies by virtue simply of settlement; and that
no vested interest is obtained until tho settler has
taken all the legal ftteps necessary to pcrtcet on en-
trance in the land office. Before such steps are taken
he has nothing but a contingent, personal privilege to
become, without competition, the first purchaser of
tho property, which he may never exorcise, or which
lie may waive or abandon. During tho interval be-
tween the institution of the settlement and the estab-
lishment of the claim by proof, and payment of the
consideration nominated in the law, Congress has
power to dispose of the land at its pleasure. It may
recall the privilego previously conferred, or invest
any one else with tho sumo privilege, or it may make
an absolute grant of the land to other parties, with
or without consideration."
The opinion was accepted by the Secretary of tho
Interior, Mr. IIarlan, as law. In accordance with
it he allowed the land department of the Govern-
ment to be used in dispossessing the settlers con-
cerned, in contravention of tho whole spirit andpolicy
of the nation, m violation of the plainest principles
of justice as well as law, and in opposition to numer-
ous and uniform decisions of our Federal courts.
This decision of the Interior Department is sfill ad-
hered to, and it necessarily strikes at the homestead
settler as well as the preemptor, and equally perils
the just rights of both. Let us briefly refer to tho
authorities on the question. The Attorney General
failed to support his opinion by reference to any
decisions whatever; but it will not be difficult to
find decisions directly against him.
In the United States vs. Fitzgerald, 15 Peters, 407,
it was decided that no reservation or appropriation
of public land can be made after a citizen has acquired
t he ri^ht of preemption. It is true that in this case
the defendant had not only made his settlement and
entry, but had paid his money to tho receiver ; but
we are unable to tee how this face affects the prin-
ciple established by the decision. If Congress may
disregard the rights acquired by actual settlement,
and the expenditure of labor and money in erecting
improvements and reducing the land to cultivation,
it must possess an equal right toreluse a patent to
the preemptor after he ha,s added to theseconsidera-
tions the payment of the purchase-money. The
mere fact of payment can make no difference if the
preemptor is ready to pay, and oflers to make pay-
ment at the proper time, and is prevented by the
Government or its agents from doing so. His right
is as perfect in this case as if he had actually paid his
money, since an offer to perform conditions-prece-
dent in the time and manner required by law is
equivalent to performance, and the performance is
excused by the act of the other parly in preventing
court says:
"It is a well-established principle that where an in-
dividual in the prosecution of a right does everything
which the law requires him to do, and he fails to
attain his right by the misconduct or neglect of a
public officer, the law will protect him. In this case
the preemption right of Cloyes having been proved,
and an olfer to pay the monoy for the land claimed
by him, under the act of 1830, nothing more could be
done by him, and nothing more could be required
of him under that act. And subsequently, when he
paid the money to the receiver, under subsequent
acts, the surveys being returned, he could do noth-
ing more than offer to enter the lands, which the
register would not permit him to do. This claim of
preemption stands before us in a light not less favor-
able than it would havo stood if Cloyes or his repre-
sentatives had been permitted bythe land officers to
c o wnat, m this respect, was ofieied to be done."
W e understand it to be conceded on all sides that
wnen tne preemptor, in addition to the other acts
required of him, has paid for the land, he has ac-
quired a vested right to it, and it thenceforward bo-
comes obligatory on the Government to convey to
iiim the title, lo concede this, we admit, is to con-
cede the wnole ca,se. Wc can pee neither justice nor
Jaw m tne argument, that the preemptor, alter having
made valuable improvements and expended his
money thereon, and fully complied with all the con-
ditions of title, g.ivo actual payment, which ho was
^caay^to make but was prevented from making, may
to
discharged from all the equities of the preemptor,
ine sanction of such a principle would be a flagrant,
lnsiilt to justice, and would so fur to bring the law
itseir into contempt.
In case of 33arnard's heirs vs. Ashley's heirs, 18.
Howard, 4<3,^fche court says;
' -EnLytle's case we declared thattheoccupant was
wrongfully deprived of his lawful rights of entry,
under the preemption laws, and the title setup under
tne selection oi the Governor of Arkansas was de-
creed to Cloyes, the claimant, this court holding his
claim to the land to have been a legal.right by vir-
tue of the occunancy az;d cyltivation, subject to b&
