342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 12,
Ho. of Reps.
Payment of Pensions—Mr. Crebs,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
payment of pension whatever from thcUnited States
Government, shall be deemed to be guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and on conviction thereot shall be
fined in any sum not less than $100 nor moro than
81,000, and be imprisoned notexcoeding two years,
in the diseretion of the court or jury trying the case.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted^ That thepayment
to be made to the postmasters and ex officio pension
agents for their services under the provisions of
this bill shall be paid to them through the Post Office
Department of tno G-ovcrnmont, in suoh manner as
may bo agreed on between the Postmaster General
and the Secretary of the Interior; and it is hereby
made the duty of the Commissioner of Pensions, in
his annual report, to give the whole number of
pensioners on the rolls; the number in each branch
of the service, and for what service the pensions
were granted; the number of the several different
rates; the number added to the list during the year;
the number dropped by reason of death, marriage,
or other cause; the total amount paid for pensions
during the year; and the separate amount paid to
postmasters and ex officio pension agents for their
services rendered under tho provisions of this act.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That in cases
where from siokness or any other causo pensioners
cannot come personally to tho county scat for pay-
ment, that the postmaster and ex offinopension agent
is hereby required to go to their residence and take
the neccssary proof, and mako tho payment at tho
expense of the pensioner: Provided, That in addi-
tion to what is paid him by the Government under
the provisions of this bill ho or she shall not bo per-
mitted to chargo such pensioner above ton cents a
mile going to his or her place of residence.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That tho offioe
of pension agent, and everything connected there-
with asnowprovided bylaw,trom and after tho dato
when this law shall go into effcct be, and tho same
are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
take effect and be in force from and alter tho 1st du.y
of January, 1871.
Mr. CREBS. Mr. Speaker, some two or
three weeKs after 1 had offered this bill for the
action of the House, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawkbnck] presented fi bill containing
many of the provisions to be found in this;
and on the 25th of I'ebruary. another bill,
almost a copy, was introduced by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and
in the particulars in which iiis bill differs from
this, if considered by the House as practica-
ble, will suit my views and wishes, and, as i
believe, the wants of pensioners bettor than
mine. His bill proposes that payments shall
he_ made bimonthly; this, that they shall bo
paid quarterly, and in that respect, if practica-
ble, I prefer his bill to this. But. it was a ques-
tion which was carefully considered by myself
before offering this bill, and I came to the con-
clusion that quarterly was as often as payments
could be made in justice to the Government,
and I am happy to find that tho Committee
on Invalid Tensions, which I am satisfied is
endeavoring to labor for tho best interests of
both tho Government and the pensioner, have
on reflection been willing to adopt the views
expressed in this bill, so far at least as quar-
terly payments are concerned, and I trust tho
House will go even further than the committee
have gone, and adopt tho bill as a whole which
I have presented.
I do not, Mr. Speaker, desire to trespass
upon the time of tho House in any extended
remarks on the bill under consideration, but
will simply call attention to the purposes in-
tended, and leave tothesound judgment of the
House the propriety of its adoption.
*3 he first section provides that payment of
pensions shall be made quarterly at the county
seat of each county and the seat of justice of
each parish in the United States, and at tho
office of the Commissioner of Pensions, in the
city of Washington ; and by the amendment I
offer it is further provided that pensioners liv-
ing in foreign countries shall be paid under
existing laws, and that persons laboring under
legal disabilities shall be paid through or to
their legal guardians.
The second section provides tiat the post-
masters at all county seats, or seats of justice
in parishes, shall be cx officio pension agents,
and are required to give bond for the faithful
performance of their duties, in addition to the
bonds now required of them by law, in the sum
of $5,000, or in such other sum as tho Commis-
sioner of Pensions may name, to be given with
securities, to be approved by the collector of
internal revenue of the district, or by a judge
of a State court exercising-common law juris-
diction over the county or parish where such
postmaster and ex officio pension agent shall
reside.
The third section provides that postmasters
shall be ex officio pension agents, and shall
pay all pensioners in their counties or parishes
in throe days after the 1st days of January,
April, July, and October in each year, free of
charge, to the pensioners, and shall receive
from the Government thirty cents for each pay-
ment, making $120 for each pensioner per year,
the same to be paid through the Post Office De-
partment by the Government to the pension
agent. The number of pensioners now on the
rolls in round figures is two hundred and forty
thousand, and to pay them by this method will
cost the Government about two hundred and
eighty thousand dollars per year, while under the
present system the two hundred and forty thou-
sand pensioners, in order to collect their small
pittance from tho Government, must pay at the
very lowest calculation the sum $1,200,000 per
annum ; and this would be only supposing the
charge to each pensioner for drawing his semi-
annual payment, $2 CO, aud I appeal to the
pensioners throughout this broad land to say
whether I have not placed it rather below than
above tho real cost of collection ; and while it
costs the Government much, I am free to say
it can pay it moro cheaply than the pensioner
can collect it; and whether it can or not, it is
tho duty of the Government to see that its pen-
sioners receive the full sum given them by
law, and that no part of it shall go into the
pockets of claim agents or middle men, between
the Government aud the recipient of its bounty.
The fourth section provides that all necessary
vouchers, upon which pensions are to bo paid,
shall be prepared at the office of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, and under his auspices, and
he is authorized to supply such additional clerks
as may bo necessary, and, while I am not pre-
pared to say just what number of clerks may be
necessary, Jtliink I can safely say to tho House
that ail additional number of fifty, at first-class
salaries of SI,200 each per year, aggregating
the sum of $00,000, will bo ample for the addi-
tional labor by this bill added to tho office of
Commissioner of Pensions. Tho section fur-
ther provides that one month before the pen-
sions are duo and payable, by the provisions
of this bill, tho vouchers prepared, together
with a list of all the pensioners in the county
or parish, shall be transmitted by mail to the
postmaster aud ex officio pension agent at least
a month, as I have before stated, before the
payment of pensions is due, thus giving to the
Commissioner of Pensions two months in which
to prepare vouchers before payment, and three
months in which to prepare vouchers and keep
up accounts with the pensioners.
The fifth section provides that so soon as
the postmaster shall receive the vouchers and
tho list ol' pensioners, as provided in the fourth
section, ho shall make immediate inquiry and
examination as to the correctness of the list
furnished him by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and that for tho protection of the Gov-
ernment he shall be invested with the right of
requiring all pensioners in his county or par-
ish to come before him and exhibit their pen-
sion certificates. And that he may in all cases
know that tho party holding the certificate is
the real party to whom tho pension is due, the
agent by this section is authorized to require of
him an oath of identity; and if the pension
agent should not bo fully satisfied by the oath
of the party alone of identity, for the better
protection of the Government the agent is
authorized to require other witnesses to prove
that the parly holding the certificate is the
real party entitled to the pension. And on the
other hand, to prevent unreasonable exactions
it is provided that a friend of the pensioner
may present the certificate, who shall prove
to the satisfaction of the postmaster and ex
officio pension agent, that he received it from
the pensioner, and that on the date of present-
ation the pensioner was living and a resident
of the county or parish in which he claimed
to reside, and that he or she was really the
person named in the certificate.
And the section further, in general, require-;
the agent to satisfy himself of the identity and
claim to pension of every one who in per-
son or by proxy may present a certificate for
his inspection, thus rendering it morally im-
possible that any fraud can be practiced upon
the Government by false personation ; and it is
further made the duty of the agent to carefully
note, on the list furnished him from the office
of the Commissioner of Pensions, all deaths
and removals from the county and to the county,
and, if known, to also note the county and State
from whence they removed or to which they
removed, and all other information that to him
may be regarded of interest or that may be
asked of him by the Commissioner of Pensions
at any time. And after he shall thus have com-
pleted the list of pensioners for his county, at
least ten days before the days of paying pen-
sions, he shall return the list by mail to tho
Commissioner of Pensions, for his information
as to the number and names of pensioners to
bo paid i# said county or parish.
It seems to me that by this system the Gov-
ernment can know and will know the locality
of every pensioner upon the rolls, and can in
no event be compelled to pay any but those
entitled by law to pensions; and it will have
an agent in the immediate vicinity to give notice
whenever a pension under the law should
ceaso, or when by the increased disability of
the claimant the pension should be enlarged;
and it will inaugurate a system whereby the
Government can exercise a fatherly supervis-
ion over the conduct and wants of the pen-
sioners upon its bounty.
The sixth section provides that so soon as
tho list of pensioners in each county or any
county or parish shall be returned to and re-
ceived by the Commissioner of Pensions, cor-
rected as it may be by the postmaster, it shall
be his duty, after its examination, to note tho
amount due each person inscribed upon the
list, and carefully file the same away for future
reference ; and that he shall then make out, in
the name of each pensioner, a warrant on the
Assistant Treasurer at New York for the exact
sum due the several pensioners in the county
or parish for the quarterly payment next pre-
ceding, and shall transmit the warrants for all
pensioners in the county or parish to tliepost-
inaster at the county seat, requiring him to
take the necessary proofs in each case; and
having, as he will, the vouchers prepared at
the office of the Commissioner of Pensions in
his hands, he will require of them such proofs
as are now required by law or by order of the
Pension Bureau.; and when ho has taken such
proofs as shall be required to prove the right,
of the applicant to payment all the agent has
to do is to hand over to the pensioner tin; war-
rant. intended for him, and already made out
in his or her name, and for such warrant take
a receipt from the pensioner upon the back or
at the loot of the voucher, so the proofs for
the right to the payment and the receipt for the
same shall appear together.
By this system no money passes through tho
hands of agents. All the Government has* to
do is to place quarterly in the hands of tho
Assistant Treasurer at New York the sum
required to make the payment, and the Com-
missioner draws upon that fund, in favor of
tho pensioner, in his, the pensioner's, own
name, and unless by forgery no one can obtain
