1356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Mr. SHERMAN. I tliink with that under-
standing the Senator from Illinois can undoubt-
edly get. the fioor at any time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts objects.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that these
arrangements have always been made by gen-
eral consent heretofore, not that they can be
enforced as a rule, but that every Senator who
is present and not objecting is understood to
be bound by them, and those who are absent
are bound by the action of those who are pres-
ent. I think we can come to an understanding,
without any order, that at three o'clock the
Senator who has charge of this bill shall take
the floor and conclude the debate.
Mr. CAMERON. I fear, from the indica-
tions, that we shall not get the question to-day
on the Mississippi bill. It has been usual
since I have been in the Senate to have an
understanding that the debate on a bill shall
be closed at a certain hour. To-day I find it
objected to, perhaps for the first time; and
from the disposition to speak, and perhaps the
necessity for doing so, it may be a long time
before we can get through with the bill. There-
fore, I give notice that at three o'clock I shall
move to go into executive session. I do so
because there are some very important nom-
inations before the Senate—nominations more
important than we have had for years, and
whose early confirmation may decide the whole
policy of the Government for years to come.
I think the country desires that we should
dispose of the two nominations to which I es-
pecially refer; and I trust that at three o'clock
the Senate will, at all events, be willing to go
into executive session.
Mr. WILSON. Is there any question before
the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not.
disauled soldikus' asylum.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up for con-
sideration the joint resolution (S. li. No. 117)
to pass to the credit of the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers the funds be-
longing to it, for the relief of sick and wounded
soldiers.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
unexpended balance of the fund created by the
seventeenth section of the act approved Feb-
ruary 24, 1864, for the benefit of the sick and
wounded soldiers, to be transferred to the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers, for the support of its beneficiaries. It
further provides that the moneys withheld be-
cause of the desertion of any person from the
volunteer forces of the United States who is
borne on the rolls as a deserter shall not be
paid to him except the record of desertion
shall have been canceled on the sole ground
that such record had been made erroneously
and contrary to the facts, but such moneys
shall be and remain the property of the Na-
tional Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers
for the support of its beneficiaries.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
STATE OP MISSISSIPPI.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1096) to admit the State of Mississippi to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Willey, which was to strike
out all after the word "that," in line forty-
two, and to insert in lieu thereof:
That so much of the act of Congress entitled "An
act to admit the State of Virginia to representation
in the Congress of the United States," approved
January 26,1870, as declares that Virginia is admit-
representation upon certain fundamental
conditions therein expressed be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Mf. FOWLER resumed and concluded the '
speech he commenced yesterday. It will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I do not
purpose at this stage of a debate already be-
come tedious to make any extended remarks
on this bill. I shall be very brief. I cannot
hope to shed any new light upon either side of
the questions which are now in issue before the
Senate. But in justice to myself I desire briefly
to give the reasons why I shall vote against the
conditions contained in the Honso bill, or such
of them as are entitled " fundamental condi-
tions,"
I do not regard the proviso beginning at the
fourth and ending at the forty-second line as
in the nature of a new condition, but simply
as a mode of verifying a fact which ought in
accordance with constitutional provisions to
exist. 1 have therefore no objection to that
proviso.
These so-called "fundamental conditions"
are objectionable because they are new condi-
tions ; conditions added to those upon com-
pliance with which it was distinctly understood,
when the act of April 10, 1869, was passed, the
several States in question should be restored
to their practical relations to the Union. I
know that this understanding has been denied.
I know that the act of April 10 does not say
in terms that the States shall be so restored.
But in my opinion it was nevertheless a clear,
unequivocal understanding that if Mississippi,
Texas, and Virginia did the things prescribed
in the act of April 10, and formed such con-
stitutions as the Congress of the United States
approved, those States should be restored to
their full practical position as States in the
Union. An enactment in express terms to that
effect could not have made it clearer. Thus
the people of Virginia and Mississippi under-
stood it: thus the people of the United States
understood it; thus the Senators on this floor
seemed to understand it. The Senator from
Oregon who sits on my right clearly so under-
stood it. Otherwise, bow could he have used
the following language in the debate on that
section of the act which required the Legisla-
tures of these three States to ratify the fifteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution ?
These are his words:
"And now we have an opportunity to say to the
people of the unreconstructed States: 'Goon; organ-
ize your State governments; recognizo this consti-
tutional amendment which we propose; agree that
itshall be a part of the Constitution, and come here
on the first Monday of next December with your Sen-
ators and Representatives and take your place in
the Union.'"
Was that Senator saying what he meant ?
Did he not clearly mean that the conditions
there laid down were all that would be required
to entitle the States to restoration ? Was he
'' paltering in a double sense ?'' I cannot believe
it. No Senator then suggested that this was
not a fair interpretation of the bill. The sec-
tion proposed by the Senator from Vermont,
as I read it, does not in the slightest degree
change this view. That section seems only to
have aimed to prevent the proceedings in any
of said States from becoming operative to effect
complete restoration until Congress should
have had an opportunity to examine and ap-
prove said proceedings. It was a necessity
that such examination should be made. How
otherwise could it be known that all the con-
ditions had been complied with in the way
pointed out by Congress ? The constitutions
formed and all the acts done under the law
of April 10 must be reported to some branch
of the Government, and to what branch so fitly
as to Congress, who had held control of this
whole matter of reconstruction? I submit
that obviously section seven of the act of April
10 means, and means only that Congress
shall examine the work done by these States
under that and former acts of reconstruction,
and if such work be found in accordance with
the principles laid down in those acts, that
Congress shall "approve," and if they approve
declare restbration.
I see no provision there for the imposition
of other and new conditions. I do not believe
that Congress had any intention, by making
section seven a part of the act of April 10, to
leave a hook on which to hang new tests of
the fitness of these States for reunion with the
sisterhood of States, nor to provide lor per-
petual swaddling-clothes for these new mem-
bers of the family. The faith of Congress was
distinctly pledged to restore the States if it
gave its approval to the proceedings under the
act. That Congress does give its approval is
denied by none. It only remains to declare
restoration. I make no question of the con-
stitutional right of Congress to impose any
terms they please as conditions-precedent to
restoration. I may have no doubt of the con-
stitutional right of Congress to impose these
"fundamental conditions," yet will doubt the
wisdom of the policy which would so impose
them. I question the wisdom of appending
new conditions as each State presents itself
here for admission. This constant patching
of the work of reconstruction, adding to-day
one and to-morrow another new feature to
what is already a tolerably complex piece of
patchwork, ought, in my judgment, to be
avoided.
It is usually considered quite early enough
to give doses of medicine when patients show
symptoms of disease. Skillful physicians rarely
administer doses to men who are apparently in
health. Old wives sometimes prescribe a little
"spring medicine" to ward off the possible
diseases of summer, but the custom is one which
most physicians regard as " more honored in
the breach than in the observance." If these
States now show .signs of disease let ns recog-
nize the fact and vote against their admission
at all at this time. If they have not done what
we demanded they should do; if they have
shown that they require splints and bandages
to support a tottering fibric of republicanism,
let us exclude them altogether till they are
strong enough to stand alone. But when they
do come in let them come in as equals with
other States; no fettered cripples, but standing
upright as peers in the Union of States.
If hereafter they shall be found to violate in
their legislation the provisions of the Consti-
tution of the United States, that Constitution
will give us ample means to deal with these
infractions of the compact which not they
only, but all the States have made, and by
which all are equally bound. Let us wait till
then before we prescribe for a disease we hope
will never exist. There is often danger in
attributing to men an intention of breaking
faith. Call a man a rascal, give him a rascal's
name and infamy, and you do-much to tempt
him to assume the character. It seems to me
that the best policy for Congress to pursue is to
treat these new comers with cordiality and con-
fidence till they show that they deserve a dif-
ferent treatment. Prohibition often generates
desire for the thing prohibited. The careful
mother who on departing for church admon-
ished her children not to put bean3 in their
noses and ears, was much distressed when on
her arrival at home she found their sens es of
smell and hearing stopped by these hitherto
untried vegetable plugs.
If we have made up our minds to admit
Mississippi, let us assume a confidence, even
if we have it not, that she intends to keep good
faith. We have gone too far to recede or to
hesitate. If too easy terms have been pro-
vided, it is now too late to remedy it. I do not
! believe that the occasion will arise for using
the powers in the Constitution which would be
necessary to correct the evils sought to be pre-
vented by these "fundamental conditions."
But if and when such an occasion shall arise,
I believe we shall have just as much hold on
the State of Mississippi without as with the
enactment of these' 'fundamental conditions;''
that the constitutional provision has just as
much vital force as we can put into a statute.
It is s&id thdt the enactment of these '' ftittd*
