1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3245
non-improving speculators? Not Mall. That
is all reserved for those who spend their money
by the million in giving value to their own and
their neighbors' property.
There is another souree of land monopoly,
under the gnise of a benevolent gratitude,
which has been largely practiced in this coun-
try. We are told, in the reports of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, that
seventy-five million acres of the public lands
have been appropriated to the satisfaction of
soldiers' land warrants. Seventy-one million
acres of those warrants have been laid upon
the public lands. By whom were they laid ?
The Commissioner tells us that not one in five
hundred of those acres has been entered by
the soldiers to whom the warrants were issued.
It will be remembered that immediately at :
the close of the Mexican war these warrants,
or the right to draw them, were sold at New
Orleans, by the soldiers returning from Mex-
ico, by the thousand, f t from sixteen to twenty-
five dollars each. Speculators swarmed in
that city to gather up these warrants, after-
ward to lay them upon immense tracts of the
public lands and hold them for speculation
against those seeking homes upon the public
domain. A few years ago an act of Congress
authorized the issuance of ten million acres of
college scrip, to be also passed into the hands
of speculators, as it largely has, and at almost
nominal n£es.
Congress has appropriated np to this time
fifty-eight million acres of land to aid in the
construction of railroads to the fourteen States
of Illinois, Iowa, Michigan, Wisconsin, Min-
nesota, Missouri, Kansas, California, Oregon,
Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama,
and Florida. These grants have secured the
construction (and it conld not have been se-
cured otherwise) of seventeen thousand miles
of railroad in those States, exclusive of the two
thousand five hundred miles of Pacific railway,
and created directly by their influence many
thousand millions of public and private wealth.
Yet in contrast to this fifty-eight million acres
so appropriated, with such incomparable re-
sults, we have, by the Commissioner's report,
eighty million acres given away in the form of
soldiers' bounty and college scrip, and thrown
almost wholly into the pockets, not of soul-
less corporations, as they are sometimes de-
risively termed, who expend many times the
original value of the lands in making them
habitable and valuable, bnt into the pockets
of the land speculator to encourage and build
np that most disastrous of all monopolies to
the West, the private land monopoly. If we
are to have any monopoly in lands, I certainly
prefer that one which develops and enriches
the country to that one which degrades and
impoverishes it.
But I do not concede that the granting of
lands for building railroads in any real sense !
creates monopoly. Railroads cannot exist
where there is no production, and there can be
no production where there arenot communities ;
of enterprising and industrious people. It is t
therefore imperative that they should sell thei>
lands at reasonable rates and thus encourage
settlement and production. To state the case :
is to prove it, and it is proven in the practice of
nearly if not quite every land-endowed railroad
m the West.
. Mr. STEWART. I cannot allow this occa-
sion to pass without returning my thanks to
the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Ross] for hav-
ing thrown more light on this subject than has
been thrown by all the speeches heretofore
made at this_whole session on the subject of
the real merits of the question of disposing of
the public lands for the benefit of railroads.
He shows that he is familiar with "the subject
on which he talks. He did not get his inform-
ation from resolutions of meetings convened
•or some other purpose, and, not knowing
what they were talking about, railinggenerally
against monopolies. He understands the fact,
and a little reflection will lead the Senate and
the c own try to understand the fact, that civil-
ised man from the earliest periods of history
has been confined to the borders of the rivers
and oceans and navigable waters. There has
been no attempt to settle the interior of any
continent by civilized man previous to the
attempt made by our own people.
If you examine the map of Asia you will
find that the thickly-settled portions are all
along the ocean and the borders of the great
rivers. There are no railroads there. With
all the teeming population of Asia they have
been unable to leave the borders of the water-
courses. It is so with Africa. Of course we
know but very little of that continent and how
it is inhabited. The interior of the American
continent has been a sealed book until within
a few years past. Europe has running all
through it water-courses upon which there is
navigation, and consequently it was more gen-
erally settled. If you will look at the map of
the wvrld you will find that civilized man,
from the earliest period down, has confined
his operations near to water-courses, where
there was navigation, until the invention of
steam and railroads. Prior to that time there
had been no attempt to utilize the interior of
any continent. Ours was the first attempt.
Rnssia is attempting it now. She is building
railroads to the East and attempting to utilize
and civilize the interior of Asia. But it was
never before attempted. It is only by means
of railroads that it can be done.
We are attempting it on our continent, and
the railroads are pressing onward. And yet we
have speeches here day after day saying if you
give a railroad company the alternate sections
of land to make an artificial means of com-
munication to take settlement into the interior
you are taking away homes from the settlers.
The only way in which settlers can get homes
one hundred miles west of the Mississippi river
and the Missouri river, and those other navi-
gable rivers—and probably fifty miles would
be as far as they could go otherwise—is by
means of railroads, and there is no other con-
ceivable way of making those railroads but by
land grants. Congress is not going to appro-
priate money directly to railroads; and every-
body knows that rnnuinga railroad where there
is no traffic and no people cannot pay. How
are you going to get railroads into that coun-
try without continuing this system ?
I think the Senator from Kansas has demon-
strated by facts and figures how you can dis-
Eose of your public lands and how yon can get
omes for the settlers; and he has also pointed
out by facts and figures the great mistake this
Government has made in allowing large bodies
of the public land to fall into the hands of pri-
vate parties through the means of your various
scrips issued nnder humanitarian guises, where-
by the worst frauds ever committed in the world
have been committed upon the settlers by these
speculators lying in the track of civilization.
I hope Senators who have not paid attention
to that speech will read it. The Senator from
Kansas has given the facts and figures howthe
lands are disposed of where you have railroads,
and how worthless they are where there are
none. There are between the navigable waters
of the two sides of this continent two thousand
miles that can only be utilized in any degree
by this system of railroads.
Now, with regard to this amendment of the
Senator from Kansas, I am not sufficiently fa-
miliar with how these roads run, not sufficiently
familiar with the map of the country, not suf-
ficiently familiar with their individual merits,
to act upon it. But if it is to perfect a system
of railroads whereby these lands can be sold
and the money realized at once and the peo-
ple get homes, it seems to me there is a great
deal of merit in it. I think it would be well if
this amendment conld be considered in con-
nection with the bill. I do not know how the
bill stands now. There have been so many
amendments made to it that I cannot tell how
it stands. I do not like the frame of the bill.
It is too complicated. If we are to do nothing
with regard to railroads in this bill, if we are
not to make provision for them, I suggest to
both the Senators from Kansas, who are espe-
cially interested in this matter, that it would
be better to have a simple bill transferring the
Indians and providing homes for them, and let
these lands be disposed of under the preemp-
tion laws of the United States. You can then
make your land grants in alternate sections
and double the price of the remaining lands.
There are eight million acres of land in this
tract. By means of these railroads you will
get some five or six millions. You can determ-
ine in the bill the amount given to the Indians
and made a simple proposition of it.
It seems to me there is too much negotiation
in the bill as it stands. If you pass this bili
you complicate the system, and have different
systems of disposing of the public lands. I
think this whole subject should go to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands so far as the disposing
of the lands is concerned, and let the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs provide for taking care
of the Indians. But the disposition of the lands^
should be considered by the Committee on
Public Lands, so that there may be no com-
plication in their mode of disposition.
I am satisfied that this bill ought to be re-
referred and further considered. 1 am in favor
of the passage of the bill at a very early day;
but it seems to me that we have here a very
complicated proposition. If it is to be passed
there are several things in it to which I shall
desire to call the attention of the Senate. I do
not believe that we shall be able to get through
with the bill to-day. I think it had better be
considered again in committee. I understand
from the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Ross] that
the Legislature of Kansas have unanimously
resolved in favor of a proposition of the kind
submitted by him. That proposition brings just
as much to the Treasury of the United States,
just as much to the Indians, and much more
to the settlers. I think it is a great deal better
proposition than the original bill, and I should
like to see the bill re-referred to some commit-
tee and have this proposition considered in
connection with the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not occupy the
time of the Senate. I will say, however, that
I have listened with great interest to the re-
marks of my colleague, and I am glad that he
has submitted to the Senate those views, because
they are eminently wise. Althongh they are
not applicable to all the provisions of this bill,
yet they are such remarks as would, if the prop-
osition could be concurred in, greatly benefit
the State of Kansas. I have no doubt that the
statistics and facts to which he has referred are
of great value.
The only reason why this Indian reservation
cannot be administered upon under the regu-
lations that have been established by law as to
the manner of disposing of lands is that this
disposition of these lands will make an entire
change, so far as it applies to this reservation,
in our system of disposing of the public lands.
It is always difficult to change a system. All
the roads named in the amendment of my col-
league . are very desirable and valuable fran-
chises, and they are all cherished by the citizens
of my State, and all have claims upon our
citizens as well as upon the country, because
some of them are of great national importance.
But, as I have said, the system upon which
we dispose of the public lands has not been to
give lands to railroad companies that do not
build railroads through the lands. One of the
companies named in the amendment has the
right of way through these lands. That is the
Atchison, Pike's Peak, and Santa F6 Railroad
Company. It proposes to build a road through
them, and it is eminently just and proper that
the usual grant of public lands, when these
lands become public lands, should be made to
that company. There is no doubt of that. The
other companies named propose to build rail-
roads near these lands, but not through them.
