1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4189
seven per cent., payable half yearly, would
become in ten years and one month $600,-
000,000. In twenty years and two months it
would become $1,200,000,000. In thirty years
and three months it would amount to the
enormous sum of §2,400,000,000, which is the
actual amount of our present debt. In forty
years and four months it would amount to
$4,800,000,000, and in fifty years and five
months to $9,000,000,000. Now, let us see
what the bonds deposited by the banks would
amount to at. the same rate of interest. They
draw interest of sis per cent, in gold, payable
quarterly. But 1 lake it, for convenience, at
seven per cent, in currency, payable half
yearly, which is about the equivalent of that
rale. The $3-12,475,100 gold-bearing bonds,
at seven per c-mt., payable half yearly, in ten
years aud one month will amount to $68-1,950,-
200; in twenty years and two months, to
51,809,900,400; and going on till we come to
a period of fifty years and live months, which
may be taken as the average age of the mem-
bers of this House, it would amount in that
period to the enormous sum of $10,959,201,-
200. Now, if we add these two sums together,
the amount resulting from bonds, $10,959,-
201,200, and the aiijount resulting from bank
circulation, $9,600,000,000, we find that the
bankers will be worth in fifty years and five
months $20,559,201,200, which is $500,000,000
more than the present value of all the real and
personal property at the present time m the
United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORGAN.- I have never appealed to
the courtesy of the House for an extension of
time, but in the present case I should be grati-
fied at having ten minutes more in which to
finish my remarks.
There was no objection, and the time was
extended as requested.
Mr. M011GAN. Mr. Speaker, it is well
known that our funding system has been bor-
rowed from Great Britain. I have therefore,
sir, in looking into this question, not only
considered it with reference to our own laud,
but 1 have gone into a close investigation of
the rise, history, progress, and effect upon the
institutions and the people of England, caused
by Hie funding system m that kingdom : and
especially as regards the absorption of real
property by those who understand the fearfully
accumulative power of money. And among
other authorities there is one to which 1 refer
and to whose theories 1 invite especial atten-
tion. The treatise to which 1 refer is the work
of Colquhoun, published in London in 1811,
aud that author to-day is regarded by the Eng-
lish aristocrats as the highest authority on the
subject of political economy.
With Jay Cooke and other distinguished
financiers he holds that debt and wealth mean
the same thing, and that a national debt is a
public blessing. That the_doctrine of Colqu-
houn is the theory upon which the funded debt
of this country was created does not admit ol
argument. It is the old theory, that Govern-
ments should take care of the rich and let the
rich take care of the poor. Sir, the creation ol
our enormous debt was the work of art, not of
necessity. The real object was to build up a
moneyed aristocracy, whose power should be
supreme. A war tax imposed at the outbreak
of the war would have borne all the expend-
itures of'the Government at one half the amount
that expenditures were made, and on the return
of peace, there would have been no debt and a
prompt return to low taxes. But now, in time
of peace, we have a war tax and a monster ueot
which is crushing out the life of the people.
Aud all this, sir, in order to secure the some-
thing less than doubtful blessing, a bond aris-
tocracy. .
But to the theory of Colquhoun and ia his
views are reflected the sentiments of every ally
of the funded debt, whether secret or avowed.
On page 110 Mr. Colquhoun says:
"Every State is supported by the poverty of t.je
community composing the body-politic. Without a
largo proportion of poverty there could foe no riches
in any country, since riches are the offeprinp- of labor,
while labor can only result from a state of poverty.
Poverty is, therefore, a most necessary ingredient
in society, without which nations and communities
could not exist in a state of civilization. It (poverty)
is the source of wealth, since without poverty thoro
could be no labor, no riches, no refinement, no com-
fort, and no benefit to those who may be possessed
of wealth; inasmuch without a large proportion of
poverty surplus labor could never be rendered pro-
ductive in procuring either the conveniences or
luxuries of life."
This theory of the bondholder, sir, has at
least the merit of being easily understood, and
it unmasks the aspirations of our shoddy aris-
tocracy. It means simply that the masses must
be impoverished in order to create au aristoc-
racy who can live in ease, and for their own
advantage master the people.
And now, sir, I propose to show how the
thing was done in England, and how it is being
done in the United States.
In the year 1072, in our currency, the debt
of England was only $3,321,130; and iu 1G88
her population was five million five hundred
thousand souls, and there were at that time—
and I desire the special attention of gentlemen
to the fact—there were one hundred and sev-
enty thousand land-owners, or one land-owner
for every thirty-two souls. Now, the popular
idea is, and it has been so asserted by histori-
ans and economists, that the concentration of
lands in England in the hands of a few owners
was caused by the law of primogeniture. No
doubt the law of primogeniture has worked
evil in England, But it is not true that there
are now only thirty thousand landholders in
that kingdom because of that law. From 1688
to 1786 the number of land-owners had r*sen
from one hundred and seventy thousand to two
hundred and fifty thousand; an average annual
increase of eight hundred and sixteen during
a period of ninety-eight years, during which
time the law of primogeniture was in full force.
I In 1786 the debt of England was $1,215,870,615,
being an average annual increase ol less than
thirteen million dollars during the same ninety-
eight years, in which the number of land owners
had increased at an average rate of eight hun-
dred and sixteen per annum. Cut we find that
only twenty-three years afterward, in the year
1819, the debt had increased to $4,203,772,590;
an annual average increase in those tweuty-
ihree years of $133,000,000.
Now, mark the concentration of real estate
in the hands of a few men during this period.
As the debt increased the land-owners de-
creased, and in 1861 their number was only
thirty thousand seven hundred and siity-six,
and during the seventy-five years from 1780 to
1861 there was an average annual decrease of
two thousand nine hundred and twenty-thiee
land-owners. In 1688, as I have stated, there
was one land-owner to every thirty-two souls,
while in 18G1 there was only one land-owner
for every six hundred and fifty persons 1
Hence, 1 say that it was not the law of pri-
mogeniture, but the accumulative power of
money, developed by the funding system, which
has concentrated the lauds in England in the
hands of the few—a system which has de-
stroyed every free Government in which it has
been perpetuated. Adam Smith, than whom
there was never a more profound writer on
political economy, states that every republican
Government which ever established a funding
system and made it perpetual was destroyed
by it. He said:
"Xbe only exceptions a,rc Genoa and Vcniee, and
thoy arc rapidly decaying."
liut hardly was Adam Smith laid in his
grave before Genoa and Venice became com-
ponent parts of despotisms ; their institutions
had rotted out as ours are now doing by this
insidious and accursed funding system.
In this connection allow me to call your
attention to another effect of this system. We
all know v. hut enormous fortunes have resulted
from it without labor on the part ol those who
have acquired them. These gentlemen in New
York, and Boston, and Philadelphia, for it is
of the cities I apeak, and not of th® country,
worth thirty, forty, or fifty millions of money,
did not make their money by labor. How then
did they make it? How did Jay Cooke make
his five or six million dollars in as many years ?
The law made it for him. The law made it by
giving him a small percentage upon the sale
of bonds—billions in amount. The law gave
it, but the people paid it These enormous
fortunes, I say, are not the result of labor.
When I speak of enormous fortunes, I speak
of those which soar heavenward, whose base
rests on the breast of the people, and whose
gilded summits are lost amid the clouds.
But I do not wish to withdraw from your
gaze the mirror which reflects the condition
of England, and which may soon reflect our
own. As wo find the number of landholders
decreased we find the number of paupers in-
creased. Pashley, in his work, published in
1852, on the poor laws and pauperism of Bug-
land, states that one third of the whole'popu-
lation of London are paupers or supported by
by charity. If you go to London yea will find
block upon block, and square upon square,
owned by a single individual. And in Eng-
land aud Scotland you will find whole coun-
ties owned in the same manner. And Mr. Kay,
another English writer of celebrity and "merit,
says that one eighth of the whole population
of England was on the poor list. And the
London Lancet—I quote ail these authorities
because they are at! of high character and will
not be called in question—the London Lancet
says that, fully three hundred persons starve
to death in the streets of London annually—
in that gieat commercial metropolis of the
n orid !
Let us now look at home. Each year tho
annual interest on the Federal debt is about one
hundred and thirty-one million dollars iu gold.
Per day it is $338,030; per hour it, is $1-1,912;
and during the eight hours ofsleep, when, alter
the labor of the day is done, and the man of toil
abandons his plow in the furrow, or leaves Inn
hammer or his plane in the workshop and seeks
eight hours' repose ill1 sleep, that he may gain
sufficient strength to recommence on the mor-
row his labor, to gain sufficient money to sup-
port his family and pay the taxes of tho bond-
holder ; and when tho morning coaies, and the
toiler arises with the sun. he is astounded to
learn that while ho was asleep the interest on
the debt worked on, and that during those
eight hours' loss and rest to him, that cancer
interest of the debt was gnawing oil at the vitals
of the people, and that during those eight
hours of sleep the interest of tho debt had
increased $119,030; and that in each minute
as the day drags along it will continue to
increase $249 in gold!
Nov/, apply the principle of which I spoke
to the public debt, with interest at tho rate of
seven per cent, per annum, payable half year-
ly, it being estimated now at $2,400,000,000.
In ten years and one month it will consume
or amount to $4,800,000,000 ; in twenty years
and two months to $9,600,000,000; in thirty
years and three months to $19,'200,000,000 ;
m forty years and four months to $3-8,400.-
000,000; and in fifty years and five months to
$70,800,000,000, or not only more than three
times the value of all the real and personal
property in the United Stales at this time, but
more than the value of all the real and per-
sonal property in the United States in fifty
years from the piesent time, at the present rate
of increase.
These are the questions that stare us in the
face; these are the issues which we are obliged
to confront. And I care not how small the
number of men may be who have the courage
to make them, if these issues are put boldly
and honestly and squarely to 'ha people, so
that they can understand th® impending doom
which threatens them, they will rally
support, and our free institutions wi.l be
saved.
