1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Payment of Pensions—Mr. Orebs.
Ho. of Reps.
the fund but the pensioner alone. It may pos-
sibly be urged that such drafts might be forged
or an indorsement on them forged, and thus
the money be lost either to the Government or
the pensioner ; and 1 admit this might be so,
but- it is certainly no easier to be done than
under the present system. Now the money
itself is not paid, but a draft on some bank
or Government depository is given the pen-
sioner, and he or she only draws the money
by indorsing and selling the draft drawn by
the pension agent of the district in favor of'
the pensioner; and while I know that it would
be better, if it could be so, that the pensioner
could go to the Treasury of the Government
and receiye in funds the exact amount duo,
yet as this cannot be done, the safest way is to
pay by draft drawn in the pensioner's name ;
and as the Government must have proof that
the money is being paid to the parties enti-
tled to receive it, that can be best done by
having the pensioner go in person to the
agent of the Government and receive it, and
thus prevent the possibility of claim agents or
middle men of any kind interfering and charg-
ing pensioners for any service or pretended
services.
Under the present system, or the system pro-
posed in the bill of the committee, the pension
agent of the district fills up the voucher and
sendsitby mail to the pensioner, requiring him
to go before some justice of the peace or other
officer and make oath to the same, and have it
certified, and if before a justice of .the peace,
he must take it to the county seat and get an
additional certificate of magistracy ; and as
there are necessarily blanks in the voucher to
be filled, and the least error will reject the
voucher when returned to the agent, the pen-
sioner in nearly all eases will go to some pen-
sion agent to get it properly prepared, and
must pay the charge for the same, bo it little
or much. And as I have said before, and say
again, this service, with fees to officers, will
and does cost the pensioners of the Govern-
ment not less than SI,250,000 annually. If
all the pensioners could go direct to the agents,
and make their proofs there, and receive their
pay, all this trouble and expense would be
avoided ; but under the present system, as well
as that proposed by the bill of the committee,
one agent pays for a large district, and every-
thing must be done by mail, and my purpose
by this bill is to bring the agent for paying pen-
sions and the pensioner face to face, and thus
effectually destroy, as I believe, the avocation
of that class of men who have been making
money at the expense of the country's brave
defenders.
It maybe urged, Mr. Speaker, and has been
urged on this lloor, that many postmasters
will he too ignorant to attend to this duty:
and it has been charged by the gentleman
from Missouri, chairman of the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, in effect, that the post-
masters as a class are unscrupulous swin-
dlers and unworthy the confidence of any one.
I do not wish to do the gentleman injustice,
anid therefore quote Ins exact, language. He
says:
"Most of the. postmasters in the country have
some Uading establishment in which tlio post othce
i ■ kept. Some of them arc not of a kind that favor-
ably impresses the stranger who looks in upon it
while the stage is waiting for the mail to be dis-
tiibutcd. This becomes the headquarters of all tho
pensioners in the county. The head of the estab-
lishment is the el Aim .Tjent for all ot thorn. Jiohas
a, monopoly of the business licensed by your jaws.
Tec pensioner's money first comes to his hands, Irom
winch tin amount of toll can be taken limited only
by his conscience. In many eases the whole grist, will
bo appropriated. His wares are liberally dealt out
(Umnsthe interim between payments at extortiou-
••t j puces. Every facility is aflorded to entrap the
iiiMvr.iy and extort from the necessitous. "Death
would never succeed in terminating the pension of
a. debtor to the claim-agent postmaster. To hint is
intrusted the duty of reporting the deaths and mar-
riagesof all the pensioners m his county. Ofcourse
none would ever occur until the agent's claim was
fully discharged. Surely none can deny that l'acili-
ti os are here afforded for iniquity, aikt ag hroad a fiel d
opened for fraud and oppression as the most unscru-
pulous could desire. Far better to go on as wo arc
and patiently 'suffer the ills' of the present system
than'fly to others' still more oppressive and grind-
ing. Now the poorpensioner has somclittlechance
to avoid the agent's despotism ; then ho would have
none."
I was surprised to hear from the gentleman
a charge so bold and so broadly made. We
know that under present Republican rule cor-
ruption stalks broadcast throughout the length
and breadth of the land ; that the offices of
the Government have been used simply to
advance party ends ; that devotion to party,
and not merit or capacity, has been the rule of
appointment, and stealing and plunder the
order of the day. But I did not eipect to hear
the gentleman who holds so high a place in his
party make so grave a charge. These post-
masters, as well as the present pension agents,
are the appointees of the present Administra-
tion, and if one class of appointees are so cor-
rupt may not the others be equally so? But,
Mr. Speaker, 1 do not wish to be regarded as
indorsing the charge made by the gentleman,
and J think lie ought, out of respect for the
President, at least have exempted his aged
father from so sweeping a statement as I have
quoted. I have faith to believe that the post-
masters of the country have both ability and
honesty sufficient to perform all the duties
required of them by this bill; and that pen-
sioners in this way will bo better, far better
protected than by any other system that has
been advanced on this floor. It is not really
required that postmasters shall keep accounts
either with the pensioners or the Government.
All the accounts will be kept at the office of
the commissioner. No money passes through
tho hands of the postmasters; they simply by
this system receive quarterly a parcel of drafts
drawn in favor of parties named in each, and
in payment their whole duty consists in taking
the proofs, delivering the warrant, and taking
the pensioner's receipt, and then returning the
vouchers with the receipts upon the same to
the Commissioner of Pensions at Washington
city.
The seventh section provides that postmas-
ters, and ex officio pension agents, may admin-
ister all necessary oaths in preparing vouch-
ers, or that may be necessary to prove the
identity of the claimant ; and it also author-
izes them to procure a seal to be prescribed by
the Commissioner of Pensions, to verify their
signatures to all papers necessary for them to
sign ; and tho section further provides that any
pensioner or witness who shall make a false
oath or affirmation to any voucher or any
other oath made necessary by this act, shall be
guilty of perjury, and ou conviction shall be
imprisoned not less than one nor more than
three years, in the discretion of the court or
jury trying the same, this section being in-
tended to place every safeguard possible to pre-
vent frauds upon the Government.
The eighth section provides that any pension
agent made or appointed under t he provisions of
this bill, v/ho shall knowingly, willfully, or lor
the purpose of defrauding the Government, or
aiding therein, aid, abet, advise, or assist
any person or persons, by false representa-
tions or personation, or by false swearing, ot
in any other way or manner, to procure a pen-
sion, or any payment of pension whatever irom
the Government, shall be deemed guilty of a
high misdemeanor, and, on conviction, shall be
lined not less than S10O. nor mote than §1,000,
and be imprisoned not exceeding two years,
in the discretion of the court or jury trying
the same.
The ninth section simply provides how pay-
ment shall be made by the Government to the
postmasters for services rendered ^ by them
under the provisions of this bill, which can in
nil cases, or in nearly all cases, 1st# done by
their simply withholding money in their hands
belonging to the Government in favor of the
Post, Office Department, and the settlement
of the same can be made in the city here,
between the Post Office Department and the
Department of the Interior.
it often happens, Mr. Speaker, that a pen-
sioner is so enfeebled by disease as to be un-
able to leave his home, and under any law we
can pass it will cost such a one something to
draw a pension. A magistrate will not go to his
house without pay oftentimes, and it seems to
me it would beunjustand lead to serious wrongs
to require the Government to send an agent to
his or her home to pay the amount of pension
due at the expense wholly of the Government;
for were this so many might, claim, for con-
venience merely, that their pension be paid at
their home, and as a compromise between the
right of the pensioner to be paid and the Gov-
ernment to be protected, the tenth section pro-
vides that in cases of sickness or for any other
cause pensioners cannot come personally to
the county seat for payment, the postmaster
and ex officio pension agent shall be required
to go to their residence, and take the neces-
sary proof and make the payment, and the
Government shall pay the same for such pay-
ment as is provided in the bill for all others,
but that the pensioner shall pay the expenses
of going, not exceeding, however, ten cents per
mile, one way, in the performance of this duty.
Undci circumstances of this kind the pensioner,
if sick, would bo required to pay such expenses
under the present system ; and to prevent im-
position on the Government this bill is intended
to be framed so as to make it to the interest
of each pensioner to come to the county seat
for payment, hut in cases where he or she can-
not come that they still may get their pay.
The eleventh section simply repeals all former
laws on the subject; and the twelfth section
provides the law shall go into effect on the 1st,
day of January, 1871.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, briefly stated the
scope, the object, and the intentions had in
view in offering this bill for the consideration
of the House, and I trust it may commend
itself to its candid judgment. A change in our
method ol'paying pensions is certainly needed.
Under our present system wo have, I believe,
some fifty-nine pension agents ; and it has been
stated upon this floor that their average salary
is S?7,0U0, making a total of $413,OUO to be
paid by the Government in the way of salary
alone. In addition to this sum paid by the
Government, as I have before stated, not less
th an !p 1,250,000 has to be paid yearly by the pen-
sioner themselves to enable them to get their
yearly stipend from the Government, making an
aggregate, as the expenses of payment yearly
of pensions, of the enormous sum of nearly
two million dollars; and in addition to this, all
the postage, amounting to thousands and thou-
sands of dollars, must be added, while under
the system here proposed the whole expense to
the Government cannot exceed $-100,0U0. The
tost of postage will be less, for while, as pro-
posed by the bill of the committee, the pension
agent of the district must correspond with each
pensioner, here the Pension Bureau only cor
responds with one man in each county, thus
largely reducing postage. The system here
proposed creates no new offices, but requires
the'service to be performed by those now m
existence; bat it does reduce the number ot
Federal officers of high salary now in exist
ence by turning out of office all the pens'Gu
agents we now have; and as it is claimed to
be the policy of the majority in this House u>
reduce the expenses of the Government, I hope
they will unite with me in the effort to decrease
expenses by lessening the number of offices to
be filled and salaries to be paid.
The gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bkn.ja.-
min,] m the remarks he submitted to thellouse
