1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2801
Senate, however, decided to vote that motion
down. That does not appear on the Journal.
Now, sir, i wanted it to appear to the Ameri-
can people that with open doors this message
was received and read, and I was astonished
that the Senate was not willing to have it re-
ceived and read in open, session, in fact.
Now, sir, I care very little about the correc-
tion of the Journal. I have accomplished the
object that I desired by making the motion.
I presume the reporters will take notice of
what has been said to-day, and the country
will know that in point of fact some members
of the Senate desired that this message of the
President and the proclamation should be re-
ceived actually in open session, and not con-
structively.
Mr. HAMLIN. _ Mr. President, all these
questions strike minds differently, but I must
confess that according to my idea of this mat-
ter an importance has been attempted to be
made out of the very smallest possible ques-
tion that I think ever arose in this or any
other legislative body on earth. If there is
any question more infinitesimal than this I
think it would require a political microscope
to discover it. That is my idea; and I want
to state the reason upon which I express this
opinion. Our legislative Journal shows that at
a certain hour yesterday we voted to proceed
to the consideration of executive business. Our
rules provide that all executive Journals and
all executive proceeding shall be kept secret.
That constitutes the executive sitting—it, is
confidential. We went into executive session,
and what has been the uniform practice? The
Senator from Illinois is as familiar with it as
myself or any other Senator here. A message
was received of a legislative character from the
President, and the doors were considered as
open for the purpose of receiving it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The rule provides for
that.
Mr. HAMLIN. The rule provides for that.
Well, I will follow this matter along carefully
and critically and see how much can be made
out of it. The message was received. Every-
body knows that the Senate was considered as
in open session for the purpose of receiving it.
The rules so provide. After the message was
received—and I am going to state now what
did not take place in executive session, but
what took place by the consent of every mem-
ber, no one objecting—the Chair stated, " Will
the Senate give its unanimous consent to have
this message read and to consider the doors
open for that, purpose?"' No objection was
made, and therefore it was regarded as an
open session ; not as the Senator from Illinois
savs 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
allow the Chair to state that it was on the sug-
gestion of a Senator in front of the Chair, not
by the Chair?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, on the suggestion of a
Senator—not as my friend from Illinois states
now, that he moved that the doors bo opened
that it might be read to the public. He did
not make that motion until after the message
bad been read and my friend from New York
had moved to lay it on the table, simply for
the purpose of getting rid of it. Then_came
in the motion of the Senator from Illinois, and
not till then.
As I haye stated, the object of an executive
session is simply to have certain matter con-
sidered in private and to keep a private Jour-
nal. When we all regard a thing as being done
in that session legislatively wo give notice to
our Secretary to make up all our proceedings
of that kind on the legislative Journal and give
publicity to them on that Journal. The only
thing that I can conceive of to have been lost
was this: the words that were uttered in a brief
debate did not lind their way into the Globe
from the pen of the reporter.
Mr. TI1URMA.N. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Was not the motion made
by the Senator from Illinois that the doors be
actually open and the reporters sent for, made
in legislative session, or what was considered
legislative session, and if so, why should it not
go on the legislative Journal?
Mr. HAMLIN. I have stated that we were
considering the matter, constructively, legis-
latively in executive session, as we had a right
to do. If I had seen fit, and it occurred to me
at one moment of time, to rise in my place,
and demand that it should be considered ati
executive session the rules give any one Sen-
ator the right to make that demand, and on
the demand of that one Senator we must con-
sider any question of a legislative character in
executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no !
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, in secret session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, no.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all.
Mr. HAMLIN. Begging the Senator's par-
don, I say yes; and I repeat it, and my expe-
rience is clear and distinct.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator does not
understand 1110. You must consider such a
motion in executive session. If any one Sen-
ator demands a secret session, you must con-
sider that demand of his in secret session, but
not the subject.
Mr. POMEROY. We are not obliged to
yield to the demand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. His motion
merely is to be discussed in secret session.
Mr. HAMLIN. Exactly. Perhaps I did
not express myself precisely as I meant. I
mean that any Senator 011 this floor has a right
to demand that any legislative question shall
be discussed in secret session. That is what I
meant to say.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. _ You mean his demand,
his motion, must be discussed in secret.
Mr. HAMLIN. His motion goes to the
consideration of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. His motion, but not
the subject-matter. The subject-matter is not
necessarily to be considered in secret session
011 the demand of one Senator, but only his
motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. No; the Senator is wrong.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Read the rale.
Mr. HAMLIN. The rule is this :
" On a motion made and seconded"—
That is, any question is before the Senate,
and there is a motion made to consider it in
secret session and it is parliamentarily sec-
onded —
"to sliul t':ic doors of the Senate on the discussion
of r.uy business winch mat-, in the opinion of a Sen-
ator, require secrecy, the Presiding Officer shall di-
rect the gallery to bo cleared: and duringthe dis-
cussion of such motion the doorsshaltrcmainshut.''
Mr. TRUMBULL. Exactly ; that is what
I said : "during the discussion of such mo-
tion."
Mr. HAMLIN. Weil, sir, the only desire
in (his whole matter was, I imagine, to save
time. The message of the President had been
read, and a motion was made to lay it on the
table. Then came in the motion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois. Now, it is a simple ques-
tion whether that was made technically in ex-
ecutive or in legislative session. I say tech-
nically it was made in legislative session, and
therefore the yeas and nays should appear, if
such a motion was made, upon the legislative
Journal. I cannot see any necessity for trans-
ferring any such matter to the legislative Jour-
nal if it is not already there; nor do 1 see that
there is anv question here to be debated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask liira one question before he sits
down?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask him whether 111
his experience in the Senate ho has over known
the yeas and nays called in reference to a sub-
ject that was thus constructively being legis-
latively considered in executive session, if he
pleases so to call it, without the doors being
actually open?
Mr. HAMLIN. I never have.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this is the first
instance of the kind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have accomplished niy
object; I care nothing about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. - The Senator with-
draws the motion.
SENATORS FROM TEXAS.
Mr. DRAKE. I present and send to the
Chair the credentials of Morgan C. Hamilton,
elected a Senator of the United States from
the State of Texas for the term ending the 3d
day of March, 1871, and of J. W. Flanagan,
elected a Senator of the United States from
the State of Texas for the term ending on the
3d day of March, 1875, and ask that those
Senators-elect be sworn in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the credentials of the Senators-elect
from Texas, and if there be no objection the
Senators will be sworn in ; if objected to, the
question will be put to the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask to have the cre-
dentials read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The credentials
will be reported in full.
The Secretary read the credentials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senators-
elect will present themselves to the chair of
the Vice President and take the oaths of office.
The'VICE PRESIDENT administered the
oaths prescribed by lav/ to Mr. Hamilton and
Mr. Flanagan", and they took their seats in
the Senate.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmi tting a. farther communi-
cation from the Secretary of State, with accom-
panying documents, relative to the claims of
citizens of the United States on the Govern-
ment of Venezuela which were adjusted by the
commission provided for by theconvention with
that republic of April 25, 18S6; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
jieaiovat. op disabilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 393) to relieve
certain persons therein named Ironi legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, aud for other purposes. The amend-
ment was in line seven, to strike out, the won!
'•and," and in the same line, after the word
" county," where it occurs the second time, to
insert the words " and J. W. Ware, of Clarke
county."
Mr. LEWIS. The name of J. W. Ware was
in the original bill, but was omitted by a nfere
clerical error, and the House propose to insert
it. I move that the Senate concur in the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires a
two-thirds vote.
The amendment was concurred in.
death 0® general thomas.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the joint resolution (EL R. No. 218)
expressing the sympathy of Congress at the
death of Major General George H. Thomas. -
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask thai the resolution be
acted upon at the preseat time. . .
By unanimous consent the joint resatuuon
was read three times, and passed nem. con.
It is as follows :
He it resolved &<•■, That t!-le Senate and Hou«e ot
1 Representatives bare heard
1 sudden deeeascot Major GeneralGeoisoJl. 1 on..> ,
endeared to the country by a sc« ^L''s "
patriotic services d«in<f a peuod of thirtj . c.i.
'2. Jkfid b# $ further resolved, distiti
Sec.
