344
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May IT,
Ho. of Reps.
Naval Appropriations—Mr. Cox.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
on the 15th of March last, when this same sub-
ject was under consideration, declared that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] and
myself, by interposing objections to his bill,
had delayed its passage, and thereby, as he
states it, " have already secured to this pirat-
ical crew at least $1,000,000 of the pensioners'
money," (meaning the postmasters and claim
agents;) and he.adds, "Let them answer to
their constituents."
Mr. Speaker, I tell the gentleman it will
afford me pleasure always to answer to my con-
stituents for my conduct here, and especially
will it be a pleasure to me so far as my action
in regard to this bill is concerned. It has
been my purpose to save the pensioner fiom
the exactions of claim agents, and to require
that they shall be paid without ehargo to them-
selves, and more frequently than under the
present law; and if this House shall not con-
sider it proper to adopt the bill I have submit-
ted, or one the same in principle, i will still
have the satisfaction of knowing that " our
objections" have accomplished much in the
right direction. When the gentleman intro-
duced his bill, to which I objected, there was
contained in it a section requiring every pen-
sioner to pay to the pension agent forty cents
for each payment made to him for preparing
his vouchers; which would have taken from
these poor men and women, if paid quarterly,
nearly four hundred thousand dollars annu-
ally, when by the law as it was before, or
as it now stands, some of them might have
obtained the services of a l'rieud and saved
a part, if not all that expense; and wc eau
answer to our constituents that by " our ob-
jections" wo have at least done this. Here is
a section of tho bill as it came from the com-
mittee which 1 will ask tho Clerk to read.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
Siso. 4. And be, it further enacted, Xh.lt as full com-
pensation lor the preparation of tho vouchors and all
other service attending tho payment ol each pen-
sion tho pension agent shall he entitled to a feo of
forty cents, and no moro, which may bodoductod from
tho amount, duo caoh pensioner: and any pension
agent, or other portion, who shall, directly or indi-
rectly, take or receive or demand a groater sum than
forty cents for suoli service shall forfeit and pay the
sum of 8800 for oaoh offense, to bo recovered by in-
dictment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Mr. CR1SBS. Wo can answer to our con-
stituents that by "our objections" wc com-
pelled an amendment to tho bill of tho com-
mittee saving to tho pensioners all this, and in
that regard at least wo will be sustained by this
House and by the country, oven though the
bill of the committoo may now pass. And,
Mr. Speaker, wo can answer fui thcr to our
constituents that " our objections" have forced
from tho committee an additional amendment,
whereby payments will bo made to pensioners
quarterly instead of semi-annually, a3 the bill
read when "our objections" were made. I
can answer to my constituents that the "ob-
jection" made by myself was only when the
bill was first offered by tho gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,] on the 13th of
December last; that since then at all times I
have been ready to meet it, believing the sys-
tem I have proposed to bo better, as before
remarked, i olfered my bill as a substitute
on the 12th day of" January last, but that cer-
tainly has not delayed tho gentleman in the
progress of his bill.
fily objections were made, Mr. Speaker,
because 1 know something of i ho great services
reudered by the brave men who lost their lives,
their limbs, or health in tho service of their
country. 1 know something of the exactions
of claim agents when tho little stipend allowed
these men and women is being distributed to
them by the grateful hand of their restored Gov-
ernment; and knowing these things, I felt it a
solemn duty of mine to aid, so far as I could,
these men and women in receiving all the
little gratuity granted them by the Government.
And for doing so I shall be ever ready to
answer to my constituents.
I can answer to my constituents that" our ob-
jections," by forcing an amendment to the bill
of the committee, will certainly save pensioners
$400,000 annually, and further, a requirement
that they be paid quarterly; and should the
objections result in the adoption of the bill I
have offered it will save to the pensioners not
less than $1,250,000 annually, and save to the
Government a large sum at the same time by
disposing of a large number of high-salaried
officers and permitting the same work to be
done by officers who will be ever necessarily
retained, and by precautions which will ren-
der it morally impossible that the Government
can be defrtuded.
One word more, Mr. Speaker, and I am
done. I appeal to this House in behalf of the
two hundred and forty thousand pensioners of
tho Government to pass this bill, or one sim-
ilar to it in principle; and I will say again
that if deemed practicable by the House I will
freely abandon this in favor of the one offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] which is tho same in principle and
almost the same in language, except he pro-
poses paying bimonthly, while this is quar-
terly, and for that reason, if practicable, I
prefer his to this.
But, sir, something in addition to the bill
of tho committee should be passed; some-
thing to emancipate the pensioner wholly from
the power of claim agents should be enacted.
The bill of the committee in its present greatly
improved shape still requires that the pen-
sioner shall pay all expenses of making his
proof of identity, and great wrongs may thus
be still perpetrated upon him or her. Let us
cut loose from all possibility of this; let us
inaugurate a new system by the passage of this
bill; let it go out to the country that it is the
determination of this Congress that the na-
tion's pensioners are tho nation's wards, and
that they shall be protected in tho collection
of the last cent due them from -the Govern-
ment,.
Sir, 1 have stood by the side of tho eot of
many a wounded, sick, and dying soldier of
tho Uepublie, far away from fritnds and home
and loved ones. 1 have known their sufferings,
and have sympathized in tho same, and I felt
then, and feel now, that this country owes to
them a debt of gratitude it can never ade-
quately repay. Many of them are now sleep-
ing in the land of tho stranger, in graves
unmarked and unknown.
" Their bones aro on tho southern hills,
And on the southern plain,
By hi ook and river, lake and rill,
And by tho roaring main."
f/et us, then, do justice to their widows and
loved ones they have left behind. Let us prove
by out- actious that they did not fall in vain;
that by their fall their country was saved, and
saved to be grateful and do full justice to her
fallen sons.
>';tv;il Appropriations.
SiPEECIf OP IION. S. S. COX,
OS NJSW YORK,
fx me House of Ekpresextatives,
May 17, 1870,
On tho bill (II. E. No. 1533) making appropriations
for tho naval service for tho year ending Juno 30,
1871.
Mr. COX. In the remarks which I propose
to submit on this bill I will endeavor to echo
the liopo of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Washbdrn,] who reported it, that upon
naval affairs Congress will profit by the experi
er.ee of the past and adopt a policy which the
experience of other countries has demonstrated
to be efficient, economical, and wise. Hitherto
in these matters of the Navy we have disre-
garded experience, foreign and domestic.
This disregard has led to a system of ineffi-
ciency. waste, and unwisdom. I could show
that the former Secretary, Mr. Welles, is not
responsible for this system or lack of system.
His admonitions in the winter of 1867-68 were
unheeded by Congress and its committees. He
was not then consulted on the ill-judged and in-
discriminate reduction of expenditures. His
letters then to the committees show this. Espe-
cially his earnest protest to Mr. Pike, chairman
of Naval Affairs in this House, of February 14,
1868, is full of meaning. It is especially so
when we recall his subsequent official report
and letters of January 29, 1869, to Senator
Grimes, and of February 3, 1S69, to Mr. Pike.
In the former he said:
"If tliose who succeed me are embarrassed for tho
want of vessels or means, it will be through no fault
of mine. It is a satisfaction to know that tho De-
partment is not responsible for tho perishing and
non-efficient condition of our naval vessels, which
remain at the wharves unfitted and unrepaired for
service." /
In the letter of February 3, 1869, he said,
referring to the reductions of his estimates by
the Senate:
" The country has many millions of dollars in ves-
sels, docks, wharves, buildings, and other property
at the several navy-yards, requiring constant caro
and protection; and to neglect needful repairs,
whereby this immense property, the accumulations
of years, shall perish and decay, is not deemed by
the Department true economy."
In these extracts is to be found tho fullest
justification of Secretary Welles and the con-
demnation of his assailants. If it be true that
our Navy is now the by-word and scorn of
tho earth, as is represented; if the appropria-
tions for indispensable improvements in navy-
yards suggested by him were declined by Con-
gress ; if Congress refused on his request to
keep the buildings, docks, channels, wharves,
and grounds in proper condition ; if protec-
tion to our countrymen and our commerce
abroad has been weakened by the inefficiency
of our Navy and by our bungling economy; if
the Committee on Appropriations failed to con-
fer with or to appreciate the recommendations
of the late Secretary, Mr. Welles; if the pub-
lic service has been crippled by the legislation
of the last Congress, it sprung from no neglect,
no incompetence of that Secretary. He antici-
pated just such charges of neglect when he
said:
"If upon a change of Administration it shall bo
said, as was remarked soon after the last ministerial
change in Great Britain, that 4 tho present Govern-
ment upon taking office wero alarmed when they
saw tho appcaranco of decrepitude which our na-
tional defenses bore—everything had been appar-
ently pared down to tho exact border-line dividing
efficiency from inefficiency,' 1 shall feel that no
part of the censure attaches to me and those asso-
ciated with mo in the administration ofthis Depart-
ment."
Now, that we have crossed that border-line
into the region of inefficiency, irresponsibility,
disorder, and profligacy, we have flippant flings
and unjust reproaches heaped upon the retired
Secretary. The country remembers, if this
House does not, that the present Secretary
indulged in this vein toward his eminent pred-
ecessor. But all at once he found, as some
Yankee humorist suggested, that the Secretary,
instead of being a log, turned out to be an
alligator, and tho "jolly Secretary," who in-
dulged in a rosy hilarity over his predecessor,
found himselfsuddenly undergoing deglutition!
ThesavingofS2,000,000ayear, in "theitem of
coal alone," when, according to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. 1)awes] the whole
estimate for the last two years was only
$150,000 per annum, became the joke of the
Navy and the nation. We laughed at it here
until we held both "our sides." Coal men
laughed till they became black in the face.
Midshipmen laughed; admirals by the score,
commodores by the hundred, joined with the
old salts, and Neptune himself, dropping hi3
