4190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
leave 01? absence.
Mr. WALLACE ob'.ained leave of absence
till the 20th of June.
Mr. DOCKERY obtained leave of absence
for the remainder of the present week.
Mr. AYER obtained leave of absence from
Saturday next till the following Thursday.
kentucky contested election.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
liesotoed. That the sub-committee of elections hav-
ing charge of the contested-olection caso from the
ninth district of Kentucky be. and they are hereby,
authorised to take the testimony of Hon. James A.
GUbfield of Ohio, and Hon. Lionel A. Shbldok of
Louisiana, to be used by saidsub-coinmittco in hear-
ing and determining the said contested-election case.
ciiarlestown navy-yakb.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous eonsont, intro-
ducedajointresolution (H. R. No. 321) author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to sell the
navy-yard at Charlestown, Massachusetts, and
remove the material to Kittery, Maine ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to tho Committee on Naval Affairs.
enrolled joint resolutions.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found duly enrolled joint reso-
lutions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. HO) appoint-
ing managers of the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Volunteer Soldiers; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 212) in rela-
tion to the compensation of assistant marshals
for taking tho census of 1870.
railroad land grant in california.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2172) granting land
to aid in the construction of a railroad from a
point on tide-water near the mouth of Noyo
river, in Mendocino county, in the State of
California, to Round Valley, in said county and
State; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
And then (at live o'clock and five minutes
p. m.) the House, pursuant to order, took a
recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
' EVENING SESSION.
The Honse, pursuant to order, reassembled
at seven and a half o'clock p. m., Mr. Ambler
in the. chair as Speaker pro tempore, and
resumed the consideration, as in Committee
of the Whole, of the bill (H. R. No. 1900) to
increase banking facilities, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, the bill report-
ed to the House by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency provides in
its first and second sections for the withdrawal
from circulation of $30,500,000 of greenbacks
and the retiring of $45,500,000 of three per
cent, certificates, and the substitution therefor
of $95,000,000 of national bank notes.
The three per cent, certificates are now held
by banks as a part of that reserve which exist-
ing law requires them to keep in their vaults
for tberedemption of circulation and deposits.
By taking the place of legal-tender notes they
liberate for circulation and use among the
people $45,500,000 of greenbacks, which other-
wise would remain locked up and inopera-
tive. It may therefore be stated in all fair-
ness that by this bill the country will lose
directly $85,000,000 of greenback circulation
and indirectly $19,000,000 more, the latter
amount being the reserve which the banks will
be required to keep in their vaults for the
redemption of the $95,000,000 national bank
notes authorized by this bill. It is fair, there-
fore, to state that if the bill becomes a law
the whole volume of our circulation will be
diminished by the loss of $104,000,000 of
greenbacks and increased by the addition of
$95,000,000 of national bank notes, the result
being an actual contraction of $9,000,000.
Believing that our people need more money
and that contraction would seriously embarrass
large numbers of our citizens who have made
contracts for the future, with the expectation
that the volume of currency would remain
undiminished, and satisfied that any contrac-
tion would work injury to the debtor, while it
increased unfairly the gains of the creditor,
and for other reasons which will be hereafter
referred to, I shall be compelled to vote against
the bill.
In answer to the charge that the bill will
effect a contraction of the currency it will be
said that the establishment of additional na-
tional banks will concentrate and utilize the
money of the communities in which they arc
located, and open up a system of checks and
credits, which, without the actual employment
of bank notes, will facilitate exchanges and
give to the country substantially all the bene-
fits of increased circulation, and that this will
more than make good the $9,000,000, which
under this bill, in the way stated, will be lost;
but to this I reply that in every section where
banks can be made profitable, they have already
been established, and the benefits arising from
this concentration of capital, and the system
of checks and credits, are already enjoyed and
cannot be increased by the substitution of
national for private banks.
It is, perhaps, in this connection well enough
to observe that a private bank, if properly con-
ducted, keeps at home and within its control,
for the accommodation of its customers, all the
currency which properly belongs to the com-
munity in which it is situated, while the na-
tional bank absolutely reduces the amount of
circulating medium in its locality. To illus-
trate : a national bank, such as is contemplated
by the first and second sections of this bill,
before it will be authorized to transact business
with the public, must gather up currency enough
to purchase $100,000 in gold. Estimating gold
at what it is worth in the market to day, it
would require to do this $114,000 currency.
This gold being sent to the Treasurer of the
United States, he issues $100,000 in bonds,
which are transferred to the Government in
trust to secure the circulation of the bank.
After this is done the Comptroller of the
Currency is authorized to return to the organ-
ization $90,000 in national bank notes. Here
there is a loss to the community of $24,000 of
circulation. Then, again, there is the further
loss, referred to before, of twenty per cent, of
this $90,000, or $18,000, which the bill re-
quires to be kept constantly in the vaults of
tne bank, to redeem this circulation, making in
all a total reduction of the circulating medium
of $42,000; or, in other words, the bank sends
away from the community in which it is located
$114,000, and has returned to it only $72,000
available for circulation. It will be seen that
a private bank with the same capital can loan
more money to the community than a national
bank, for the simple reason that while the
former has ready for active employment its
whole actual capital tho latter has only about
seventy per cent, which it can use for the ac-
commodation of its customers. So that when
the advocates of the bill under consideration
urge that the creation of the additional national
banks provided for in the first and second
sections will work a further concentration of
capital, and extend the system of checks and
credits to such an extent as to virtually coun-
terbalance the actual reduction of the currency,
which the bill effects, they make a great mis-
take, and manifest a want of practical knowl-
edge in relation to the subject.
The contraction which would necessarily
result from the passage of this bill is to my
mind a fatal objection to it. There are other
considerations, however, which in my opinion
are sufficient to condemn the measure even if
it did not diminish the currency ; but before
alluding to them I desire to repeat what I have
in substance said here and elsewhere, to wit :
that in my judgment the Government can in
strict conformity with its pledges to the people,
and in furtherance of the general good, continue
the present greenback circulation. I hold that
since the pledge made by Congress in 1864, that
no more than $400,000,OOOoflegal-tender notes
should ever be issued, we have had no moral
right to exceed that amount; that a violation
of this pledge would unsettle values, impair
confidence in the greenback, and entail conse-
quences upon the country more fatal even than
those which would follow the most serious
and rapid contraction. This four hundred mil-
lion limit has, it is claimed, been reduced to
$356,000,000 by a late decision of the Su-
preme Court, which prevents a reissue of the
$44,000,000 of legal tenderthat, unfortunately
for the country, were withdrawn from circula-
tion and canceled during the administration
of President Johnson. 1 know, however, of
no well-founded objection, either legal, moral,
or economical, to the further use of the green-
backs now in circulation.
Having said this, 1 desire to call attention
to the fact that the first and second sections
of the bill under consideration propose to re-
tire a circulation which now costs the people
$1,365,000 per annum in currency, and replace
it with a circulation less in amount, and no
better in quality, which will cost them over
four and a half millions per annum, the result
being a net loss to the tax-payers of the coun-
try of over three millions, as will appear from
the following statement:
Tho amount of four and one half per cent, bonds
required to secure tho $95,003,000 of circulating
notes proposed to be issued under this bill is
$105,555,600, on which the annual interest would
be. in gold  61.75U.0U2
Fourteen per cent, premium  6(55,000
Total value of interest in currency which
theGovcrnmentwouldpayro the nanks... 5,115,002
By disposing oi Ellis $105,555,600 of four and
a half per cent, bonds for par in gold, as
contemplated in tho bill, the Uovern-
inent would be provided with coin with
which to redeem, dollar for dollar,
645,500,000 of three per cent, temporary
loan certificates, and 439,500,500. of leaal-
t.ender notes, as proposed—in all !s85,000,-
000, by which thero would be saved inter-
est on tho three per ceut. certificates
amounting annually to $1,365,000
And after redeeming tho $85,000,-
000 of three per cent, certificates
and legal-tender notes there
would still bo loft of tho coin
procured by the sale of the
$103,555.600of four and one half
per cent, bonds $20,555,600, with
which a like amount of six per
cent, gold-bearing bonds could
be redeemed, thereby reducing
the rate of interest paid on
$20,555,600 of bonds from six per
cent, por annum to four and one
half por cont. per annum, and
•oH'ccting a saving annually of,
in currency.....  331,500
The tax on the 5>!to.000,000 of cir-
culation, atone half per cent.
per anuum, as proposed in the
bill, would increase the receipts
of the Government  475 000
2,191,500
Total 
Increase of expenditures over receipts  M,22.5.502
It may be said that if the additional banks
authorized by the first and second sections of
the bill are established, the fifth and sixth sec-
tions will require all the banks to accept four
and a half per cent, oonds in place of the five
and six per cents., and that thereby the country
will save a little over four million dollars gold
per annum, which would more than make good
the loss resulting from the substitution of na-
tional bank notes for greenbacks and three per
cent, certificates. To this I reply that if it
would be right then to compel the banks to
accept four and a half per cent, bonds, and sur-
render their five and six per cents., it is right
now to do so, and this saving of $4,000,000
gold may therefore be made without the loss
of the $3,223,000.
But admitting for the moment that we could
