5134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July %
But it is argued that, conceding all this, the claims
of those settlers must yield io the right of the Gov-
ernment to take private property for public uses.
This right is not disputed. A private mischief is-to
be endured rather than a{>ublic inconvenience. The
Government can appropriate private property as a
military necessity in time of war. Houses may bo
razed to the ground to prevent the spread of a con-
flagration. Private property must yield to general
interests in other cases. The right of eminent do-
main, or inherent sovereign power, gives to the
Legislature control of private property for public
uses. Roads and canals may bo cut through the
lands of individuals without their consont. Lands
adjoining a city may be seized and specially appro-
priated with a view to preserve its health. In these
and kindred cases the ground of action is public util-
ity and necessity. If this is wanting the act is usurp-
ation. If the Legislature should take the property
of A and give it to B, it would be an abuse of its
power, a fraudulent attack upon private right, and
the law would be clearly unconstitutional and void.
(2 Peters'sU. S. lleps., 658. See also Varickw. Smith,
o Paige's R., 159,160.; And in all these oases the act
of appropriation must be accompanied or preceded
by compensation, or the tender of it, to the individ-
ual. A law taking private property lor public uses,
without providing for compensation, will not, per-
haps, be void, for it may be done by a subsequent
law; but the execution ol the law will bo enjoined
until tho provision be made, and the payment ought
to be simultaneous with the actual appropriation
of the property. (Kent's Com., vol. 2, pp. 3J8-39, and
notes.)
Wo refer to these principles for the purpose of
showing their bearing upon the case under consid-
eration. Here, granting that the act of Congress
made such a disposition of these private claims as
would come within the settled meaning of the phrase
"public uses," no steps have been taken to divest the
rights of the parties. The act was silent on the sub-
ject of compensation, and their claims wore un-
known at the date of its passage. No compensation,
or the tender of it, has sincc been made by the United
States, or by tho State of California, while these pre-
cmptors have been summarily bioughtfaee to tuce
with an action of ejectment forthe possession of their
lawfully acquired homes.
But the truth is that the property in these oa'jcs
was not appropriated by Congress for public uses in
any just or legal sense. The entire valley was granted
to the State ot California, and the jurisdiction ol the
United States over it has totally ceased, It belongs
to theState. subject to the uses andpurposesspeciiied
in the act, and the control of the State commissioners,
and is not a national reservation or pails at all. The
simple fact is, that the act of Congress undertakes to
rob these men of their estates and grant them to
another party, namely, apolitical corporationcalled
the State of California. It falls within the mischief
of the rule established by the authorities, that tho
Government cannot take one man's property lrom
him and give it to another. The fact that the act
requires these preemption claims to be set apart lor
"public use, resort, and recreation." makes not tho
slightest difference.
The Government has no right to take private
property, fairly vested under the laws of Congress,
lor the purpose of converting it into a play-ground
for tho people of California. The rule reeognized
by the law is that of public necessity, as illustrated
in such innumerable instances by the appropria-
tion ot private property in aid ot works ot public
improvement. Neither can the question be alfeeted
by the fact that this valley is a great physical won-
der. While its territory was* subject to preemption
wo suppose settles on it under the laws of tho Uni-
ted States could aequne precisely the same rights
in the valley as if its scenery had been considerably
less sublime. Cur great western Slates andTerri-
toiies are> lull of natural wonders, as well as of
beauty. There are many lovely valleys and beauti-
ful waterfalls in our country be&ides those ot the
Yosemite, and we are quite sure the law has not as
yet established any standard of beauty and sub-
limity by which the rights of preemptors on the
public lands shall be determined. That the valley
is a most charming place for general "resort and
recreation" is undoubtedly true: but the right of
eminentdomain rests upon no such shadowy found-
ation. Even if it did, it would not follow that these
two small homesteads aheadyheld subject to tho
uses of the State, could beJawfully appropriated by
the Government. As we have seen, they constitute
so small a traction ot the entire valley that then-
private ownership cannot interfere with its public
enjoyment as a pleasure-ground and a spectacle of
wonder. Most ceitainly it can nut justify the expul-
sion of these claimants as a public necessity under
the law. The votaries of pleasure can stiil hjve
the amplest j oom for gratifying their desires ; while
the worshipers of beauty will need no legislation
to protect the imperishable forms of splendor which
the hand of nature has lavished upon the valley
and spread out to the free gaze of the world.
Equally futile is the argument sometimes urged
against these claimants that this is "a question
of forty million people against two men," aud that
"the rights and interests of two individuals should
be subordinate to those ofthe many." Questions of
legal right are notto be determined on the principle
ot numbers. The introduction of such a rule into
our jurisprudence would make the administration of
justice afarce. Those who employ suchan argument
should likewise remember that the laws of Congress
under which our settlers acquire title are made by
the people—tho forty millions." This is tho theory
of our Government. "The two men" and " thetorty
millions'-'arc on thesameside of thequestion. There
is no conflict in principle, and there should be none
in fact. As regards the question of a pleasure ground,
it only concerns the comparative few who have the
means and leisure to visit the valley, andthesecould
see and enjoy quite as much if its thousands of acres
were carved up into smiling homesteads, whose own-
ers would probably guard the valley as carefully as
any official appointed by the State. The interest of
Ilutchings andLamon will be to preserve and add
to the beauties of their homes, while it has been well
observed that the grandeur of the valley is not
destructible by the hand of man.
They are not, as has been represented, "specula-
tive squatters." but adventurous pioneers, anxious
in good faith to accept the offer made by the Gov-
ernment of a home in the valley, and perfectly in
love with the scenes of wonder and beauty within its
walls. Neither are they "vandals," who would waste
or mar m any way the objects of beauty and loveli-
ness around them. They belong to the great advanc-
ing column of settlers who explore and subdue our
distant borders, encountering savages and wild beasts
in laying the foundations of new Commonwealths.
They are the only men holding any preemption rights
in the valley, and the attempt to dispossess them, if
successful, would foreshadow serious trouble to all
settlers under the preemption and homestead laws
of tho United States. It would threaten the entire
overthrow of the land policwy of the Government, and
the reestablishment of the vicious principle that
settlers on the public domain are trespassers with
whom no terms are to bo kept. The committee speak
with earnestness and emphasis on this question, be-
cause they deem it a vital one. It goes down to the
very foundation of our industrial development and
national progress. To the wisdom and justice of our
policy, as embodied in the preemption and home-
stead laws, is the nation largely indebted for its mar-
velous progress and for the place which it holds
among other nations of the world. To trifle with
this policy is to trifle with the gravest public inter-
ests. To strike at these two settlers is to strike at
millions: and tho nation could as innocently repu-
diate tho debt which it incurred in saving its own
life as to violate its plighted faith to our pioneers
that they shall have homes on the public domain on
prescribed conditions, which are honestly accepted
and complied with on their part.
JI1SIU3 OV THOMAS W. IIAIiVEY.
The SPEAKER. The hour assigned to the
Committee on the Public Lands has expired;
and the morning hour now begins. At the
expiration of the morning yesterday a motion
was pending to reconsider the vote by which
the House refused to lay on the table the bill
for the relief of the wido-w and heirs of
Thomas W. Harvey, deceased.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I do not desire to
take up the time of the House unnecessarily,
and I withdraw my motion to reconsider.
Mr. CALKIN. I move the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment and third reading of
the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; andundertheoperation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. On that
question I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the allirmative—yeas 77, nays 4S, not voting
104; as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Adams, Arch or, Asper,Atwood.Ax-
tell, B.U'nuui, Beelc, Bonnett, Benton, Bingham, Bird,
Blair, Bob>s, Boyd, Burr. Roderick R. Butler. Calkin,
Coburn, Conner, Crebs, Davis. Donley, Box, Eldndge,
Jb'erriss, Fisher, Iltch, Getz, Griswold, Ilamill, Har-
ris, Jenokes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
; Lash, Marshall, Mayham, Maynard, McCarthy, Me-
j Cormicls, McCrary, McKenzie, McNecly, Jesse H.
! Moore, Moignn, Morphia Mungen, Myers, Palmer,
i Peek, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Rice, Schu-
i maker, Seoueld. Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober,
John A.Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stiles, Strickland, Sweeney, Tillman,Trimble, Wal-
lace, Weils Wheeler, Willard, Eugene M. Wilson,
and Winchester—77.
NAYS—Me^rs. Ambler, Beatty, George M.Brooks,
Buckley, Buflioton, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Conger, Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Dyer, El a, Ferry,
Finkeliiburg.Gilfillan, Hawkins, Ilawley, Hay,Hoar,
Holman, ilooper, Judd, Ketcham, Knapp, Lawrence,
Louglmdge, McKee,Mercur,!Elialam II.Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Niblack, Orth,Packard, Packer,Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, William J. Smith, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Taylor, Tvviehell, Welker, Whitmore, Williams.
John T. Wilson, Winans, and Woodward—43.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames,Armstrong,
Arnoll, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Booker, Bowen, James Brooks, Buck,
Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,Cake,Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Cleveland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Covode, Oowles, Cox, Degcner. Dickey, Dick-
inson, Dixon, Dockery, Duval, Farnsworth, Fox,
Garfield, Gibson, Ilaight, Haldeman. Hale.Hamble-
ton, Hamilton, Hays, Ileflm, Hill, lloge, Hotchkiss,
Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Keisey, Laflin, Lewis, Logan, Lynch. McGrew,
Milnes, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrili.Mor-
rissey, Negley, Newsham, O'Neill, Paine, Perce,
Phelps.Piatt, Porter.Potter, Randall, Reeves, Ridg-
way, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schenck, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Starkweather, Stone, Strader, Strong, Swatm,
Taffe, Tanner, Townscnd, Tyner, Upson, Van Auken,
Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voorhees,
Ward, Cadwalader 0. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Wilkinson, Witcher, and Wood—104.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made:
Mr. CESSNA. I am paired with Mr. Upson,
of Ohio. If he were here he would vote for
the bill, and I would vote against it.
Mr. RANDALL, I am paired on this bill
with Mr. Starkweather, of Connecticut. He
would vote "ay," and I would vote "no."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am paired with Mr.
Wood, of Now York. He would vote " ay,"
and I would vote "jio."
Mr. SARGENT. I am paired with General
Negley, ofPennsyivania. He would vote "ay,"
and I would vote " no."
Mr. CHURCHILL. I am paired with Mr.
Cleveland, of New Jersey. He would vote
" ay," and I would vote "no."
Mr. SAWYER. 1 am paired with Mr. Kel-
ley, ofPennsyivania. He would vote "ay,"
and I would vote " no."
Mr. TYNER. Iam paired with Mr. O'Neill,
ofPennsyivania. He would vote "ay," and I
would vote " no."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am
paired with General Slocum, of New York.
He would vote "ay," and I would vote em-
phatically " no."
Mr. TOWNSEND. I am paired with Mr.
Mokrell, of Pennsylvania. He would vote
" ay," and I would vote " no."
Mr. DICKEY. ^ Iam paired with Mr. Kel-
logg, of Connecticut. He would vote " ay,"
and 1 would vote "no."
Mr. BURCHARD. I am paired with Mr.
Strong, of Connecticut. Hewouldvote "ay,"
and I would vote " no."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. CALKIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
anton smith.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, from the Commit-
tee on Patents,reported abill(R. R. No.2360)
for the relief of Anton Smith j which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill authorizes Anton Smith to make a
new application to the Commissioner of Pat-
ents for an extension of letters-patent granted
to him for an improvement in plows on the 16th
of January, 1855, for fourteen years, in the same
manner as he could have done at least ninety
days before the expiration of said patent; and
it authorizes the Commissioner of Patents to
consider aud determine the said application
in the same manner and with the same effect
as if it had been filed ninety days before the
expiration of said patent; provided, that no
such extension shall affect the right to continue
to use such improvement in plows by persons
who since January 16, 1869, and prior to the
approval of this act, may have procured and at
the time of said approval shall be using said
improvement in plows.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
like some explanation of this bill.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. There is a report j
et it be read."
The report was read. It appears from the
petition of Anton Smith, that on the 16th day
of January, 1855, he received letters-patent
for an improvement in plows, a new, useful,
and valuable improvement, and important to
the public. He used due diligence to intro-
duce his invention into general use, and did,
