1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb nun > i7,
sip. I have had much more difficulty in under-
standing in the last nine years what was to
come in the future in our country's affairs than
I ever had before in regard to any matter ; but
this one thing I have noticed always, that no
measure that was taken, military or civil, with
a view to head off the schemes of rebels for
their own aggrandizement and the assertion
of their own power, were ever in one single
instance out of place. They always found their
place somewhere; and so now our legislation
will find its place in the future, and to that
future I look. Although it may come after I
have passed away, X still wish it to be a future
of happiness and peace for ray children and
my country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thater
in the chair.) The question is onagreeing to
the amendment offered by the Senator from
West Virginia, which will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out all after the word "that," in line
forty-two, and to insert the following words:
So muoh of the act of Con gregg entitled " An act
to admit the State of Virginia to representation in
the Congress of the United States," approved Janu-
ary 26,1870, as declares that Virginia is admitted
upon certain fundamental conditions therein ex-
pressed, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. SUMNER rose.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senator from
Illinois begins I desire to say that I expect to
address the Senate on this subject before the
debate is over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to remark'
that I hoped if there were any others who
desired to address the Senate they would do
so now, and I will not take the floor as having
charge of the bill. I prefer, in accordance with
the usage, I believe, of parliamentary bodies,
to make the few remarks which I design mak-
ing at the close of the debate. I will therefore
yield the floor to the Senator from Massachu-
setts or any other Senator who desires to
address the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Throughout the long strug-
gle anterior to the Rebellion, and then through-
out the Rebellion itself. Slavery had two voices,
by which it was heard in this Chamber and in
the country. The first was that by which its
continued existence was vindicated, or, if you
please, the right of Slavery; the other was that
of State Rights. By these two voices was
Slavery heard. Happily, the first is silenced ;
but the other is still sounding among us, crying i
out against those generous efforts by which :
Human Rights are assured.
I am not wrong in this statement. From the :
beginning it has been the same. How often in
times past have we heard the cry of State ;
Rights! At every proposition concerning
Slavery, at the presentation of every petition
against this tyrannical wrong, at every allu-
sion to it, the cry was heard. And when the
Rebellion broke forth the same cry was raised
against those great measures of self-defense by
which Slavery, our real enemy, was assailed;
and then, at each stage of reconstruction, it
was the same. Not a measure of reconstruc-
tion which has not encountered this pretension
of State Rights. It broke forth in the Virginia
debate. It breaks forth on the present occa-
sion. Again we hear the voice of Slavery.
This pretension, which is so constantly man-
ifest, finds partisans naturally on the other side !
of the Chamber. It is easy for Senators, who !
have upheld Slavery, to uphold that interpret- j
ation of the Constitution, which was the con- i
stant ally of Slavery; but it is incomprehensible
how Senators, fresh from the great battle with
Slavery should continue in dalliance with the
constant ally.
The argument for Statb Rights proceeds on
a misapprehension. Nobody doubts the right
of a State to local self-government, through
whieh are supplied the opportunities of polit-
ical education and also of local administration
adapted precisely to local wants. This is the
peculiarity of our national system, wherein it
differs especially from the centralized impe-
rialism of France. But, while recognizing the
State as the agency for all matters properly
local, it must not be allowed to interfere with
those other matters, being rights and duties
which are not local but universal.
Now, sir, nothing can be clearer than that
the Equal Rights of all must be placed under
the safeguard of one uniform law, which shall
be the same in all parts of the nation—the
same in Charleston and New Orleans as in
Boston and Chicago. It is absurd to suppose
that the rights of the citizen can differ in dif-
ferent States. They must be the same in all
the States; but this can be consummated
only by the national authority. Therefore, on
grounds of reason, I repel that pretension of
j State Rights which would take this just prerog-
j ative from the nation. Understand me, sir, I
do not seek to centralize, but to nationalize.
i The partisans of State Rights, in their efforts
j to decentralize, would denationalize. In the
1 name of local self-government, they would
j I overthrow the nation.
jj If I am asked where I find these national
!j powers, I answer that they are in those two
IJ great title-deeds of the Republic, the Declara-
i| tion of Independence and the national Con-
!, stitution. Whether viewed apart or together,
| these two are one and the same ; but the two
\ reenforce each other. The Declaration of
■ Independence finds proper machinery for its
great purposes in the national Constitution,
while the national Constitution is explained,
I invigorated, and elevated by the Declaration
i of Independence. By the national Constitu-
tion, the nation is bound to assure a repub-
lican government to all the States, thus giving
to Congress the plenary power to fix the defi-
nition of such a government; but by the Dec-
laration of Independence, the fundamental
elements of this very definition are supplied
in terms from which there can be no appeal.
By this Declaration it is solemnly announced,
first, that all men are equal in rights ; and,
secondly, that just government stands only on
the consent of the governed. Other things
may fail, but these cannot. Whenever Con-
gress is called to maintain a republican gov-
! eminent, it must be according to these uni-
\ versal, irreversible principles. The power to
maintain necessarily implies all ancillary pow-
ers of prevention and precaution, so that
republican government may be assured. All
these powers are essentially national and not
local. They belong to the nation and not to
the State.
j So long as Slavery existed, this definition
was impossible. State Rights were set up
against Human Rights; but with the death of
Slavery, followed by the extinction of the
Rebellion, this definition takes its just place
in our national system. Therefore, whatever
tends to maintain a republican government
and to place it beyond assault; whatever tends
to maintain the great principles declared at
our birth as a nation—all this' is constitutional.
As well deny that the sun shines; as well with
puny arm attempt to drag the sun from the
sky. Still it shines. God be praised, the day
has passed when State Rights can be exalted
above Human Rights.
It is for Congress to determine, in its dis-
cretion, how republican government shall be
maintained. Whatever it does in this regard,
whether by general law, or by condition or
limitation on States, is plainly constitutional
beyond all question. All is in the discretion
of Congress, which may select the " means "by
which this great guarantee shall be performed, j
It is a guarantee by the express text of the Con- J
stitution, and it must be performed. In select-
ing the means, Congress cannot hesitate at any j
requirement calculated to secure the benefi-
cent result. By condition-precedent, by con- 1
dition-subsequent, by prohibitory legislation,
by legislation acting directly on the States or
the people—by each and all of these Congress
may act, bearing in mind always the great defi-
nition supplied by our fathers, which must be
maintained at all hazards.
It is vain to say thatour fathers did not intend
thisgreatpowerand foresee its exercise. There
it is in the Constitution, clear and command-
ing, and there is the great definition iti the
Declaration of Independence, clear and com-
manding. If our fathers did not fully appre-
ciate their mighty act, neither did the barons
at Runnymede when they obtained Magna
Charta, the perpetual laudmarli of English
rights. The words of the poet are again ful-
filled : " They builded better than they knew."
But they did build. They built this vast tem-
ple of republican liberty, and enjoined upon
Congress its perpetual safeguard, " anything
in the constitution or laws of any State to the
contrary notwithstanding;" and, sir, by the
oath which you have taken to support the Con-
stitution, are you bound to watch and protect
this vast temple. The recent war has had its
losses, terrible and-afflicting. It has had its
gains also. First among these gains is that
interpretation of the Constitution which makes
us a nation, and places the equal rights of all
under the protection of the national power,
being nothing les3 than the fulfillment of the
early promises of the fathers. Too slowly has
this been accomplished ; butitis accomplished
at last, and it is our duty to see that these
promises are in no respect neglected, and that
the Republic, one and indivisible, dedicated
to Human Rights, and an example to mankind,
is upheld in every part of our widespread
country.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do not
rise to participate in this protracted and profit-
less discussion, but to make a single remark.
Various theories have been advanced during
this discussion as to the jurisdiction and power
of the Federal Government over the States,
and very conflicting theories have been urged.
To avoid any misconstruction of the vote which
I am about to give, I desire to say that I do not
wish to be understood as accepting or reject-
ing any of these theories. " Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof." I do not think
very much of these theories. Theories have
been the curse of this country. Truth, justice,
and common sense have been sacrificed to
maintain abstractions. Whenever any prac-
tical question arises as to-these reconstructed
States after they are fully restored I shall be
prepared to deal with that question according
to my convictions of right and duty; but 1 do
not wish to be bound to do any particular
thing at that time for the sake of supporting
any particular theory. I shall vote against
these fundamental conditions as I have voted
against them from the beginning. I doubt
their wisdom and their validity. 1 shall make
no argument in support of that opinion; I am
content with what I have heretofore said upon
that subject; and without detaining the Sen-
ate longer, I express the hope that this debate
will be concluded to day, and that for the sake
of public business and an impatient country
we may get rid of this Mississippi question.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I do not
propose to protract this discussion longer than
a very few minutes; but I feel bound to give a
reason or two for the vote I shall cast; and I
want to say a word in reply to the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drake.] He asks the question,
"When was South Carolina, for one, cured of
her rebelhon or her hostility to liberty V" J tell
him she was cured when she adopted a consti-
tution such as the State of Missouri has not
to-day, allowing universal political equality ;
and when, by the voice of all her people, she
sent here as her representatives upon this iloor
two Senators, one of whom comes as the tit
representative of the ideas of Massachusetts,
and the other the fit representative of the loyal
