1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1359
men of South Carolina, always true to the flag
and country. I answer the Senator that she
lias shown the signs of being cured of her past
I,envies when she is the first State in this Union
to put a colored man upon the bench of her
supreme court. If the Senator wants any more
t>\ iJencc of her being cured than this I should
like to know what it is. He says that the tangs
of South Carolina, for instance—and I suppose
lie would apply the same remark to all the
southern States—have only been turned back.
Mr. President., in all of this there is an
expression of a want of confidence, a lack of
f'.uili in the reconstruction of these States, in
the hold that Republican ideas have gained
upon them, which I repel. 1 am here to assert,
that the Republican idea of universal liberty,
equality belore the law, the absolute equality
of all men as broadly as it is asserted in the
Declaration of Independence, is ratified by the
public judgment and by the public conscience
of my State; and it is because I am willing to
trust it to that judgment that 1 shall vote
against these restrictions which, to my mind,
imply a want of faith that these governments
rest upon the consent of the governed. ]f I
understand this matter of reconstruction it is
all founded upon the broad theory so well
stated by the Senator from Massachusetts in
his quotation from the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, that all just governments derive
their powers from the consent of the governed.
I say that the governments of these recon-
structed States of South Carolina, of Alabama,
of Mississippi, rest upon the consent of their
people; that they have been ratified in good
earnest by the judgment and the conscience
of a majority of their people ; and upon that
faith I am willing to rely, and I feel that I can
rely safely.
The Senator from Missouri falls into the old
idea that there is no body of people but white
people. He says we are preparing to admit a
State whose people are rebels. Now, admitting
that all the people with white skins in the State
of Mississippi were rebels, I beg to remind the
Senator from Missouri and the Senate that there
are a majority of twenty-four thousand voters
in the State of Mississippi who are as loyal as
the Senator from Missouri, and that these men,
with a large proportion of the loyal white peo-
ple of that State, have indorsed a constitution
broader, more generous, more liberal in its
provisions affecting liberty and schools, and all
matters pertaining to the welfare and the rights
of the people, than that of the State which the
Senator from Missouri so well and so ably repre-
sents here. I want to repel that old idea that
only the men with white skins are to be called
"the people." I say that a majority of the
people of the State of Mississippi are and always
have been loyal to the Government and to the
flag of the United States.
Mr. FOWLER. Did not both parties unite
in the principles of the constitution of Missis-
sippi ?
Mr. WARNER. I will say that there was
some opposition to the constitution. I do not
know the precise number of votes, but it was
carried by a very large majority.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There were only two
thousand votes cast in opposition to the con-
stitution out of a poll of nearly ninety thou-
sand votes.
Mr. WARNER. I was going to say that for
the disfranchising feature of the constitution
only two thousand votes were cast, while
eighty-seven thousand were cast against it.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to say a word ?
Mr. WARNER. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not suppose that the
honorable Senator from Alabama intends at
till to misrepresent the remarks which I made.
Mr. WARNER. Certainly not.
Mr. DRAKE. Evidently he has a miscon-
ception of them. The remarks which I made
were not applied to the whole people of Mis-
sissippi, or to the whole people of South Caro-
lina, or of Virginia, or of any other southern
State. If I did not make them sufficiently
explicit to be understood I intended to apply
them to the rebel population of those States,
giving the fullest, possible credit to the loyal
portion of them for all that the Senator from
Alabama will claim for t.hem. And now, while
I am up, I would ask the Senator from Ala-
bama to answer for his State one simple ques-
tion. Does he find in that State that the rebel
sentiment that existed there has been cured?
Mr. WARNER. I will say to the Senator
from Missouri——■
Mr. TllUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I will sta'e that the precise vole on the
constitution was 1Io,7o-j m favor of the con-
stitution, and '.>oo against it.
Mr. WARNEll. .Mr. President, I will say
iu answer to the Senator from Missouri that, as
to the rebel sentiment in the State of Ala-
bama—if he means by that the sentiment in
opposition to the Government—we must take
the evidence as to whether it has been cured
or not. The State of Alabama sends here four
out of six of her members in the other House
who are in accord with the political party to
which the Senator from Missouri and myself
belong. I suppose he will take that as oue
evidence. The State of Alabama has twice
since she adopted her constitution, by her pop-
ular vote, once by a majority of four thousand
for the candidate for President (General Grant)
of the party to which we both belong, shown
evidence of her being cured. Since that she
has reaffirmed that decision by a majority on
her popular vote of some eighteen thousand.
These are the substantial evidences of the
change of sentiment in the State and of the
popular judgment upon the questions which
are at issue.
Mr. DRAKE. Will my friend from Ala-
bama allow me to interrupt him for another
moment ?
; Air. WARNER. Certainly,
i Mr. DRAKE. Will he be so kind as to state
what were the number of votesthat were given
in the presidential election for Seymour and
1 Blair?
Mr. WAIINER. I do not remember the
number now.
Mr. DRAKE. It came within about four
thousand of carrying the State, did it not, as
was just stated by the Senator ? I would inquire
of the Senator whether he believes that, be the
number of votes greater or less in that State
which were cast for Seymour and Blair, the
spirit of rebelistn was entirely cured and cast
out?
Mr. WARNER. I will answer that it is not
entirely cured, and probably never will be any-
where. When the millennium shall come prob-
ably we may look for the result which the Sen-
ator from Missouri seems desirous of hastening
by these restrictions.
Mr. FO WLER. As the State of New York
was carried for Seymour and Blair by ten thou-
sand majority, I would like to know whether
the spirit of rebellion is entirely out of that
State? [Laughter.]
Mr. WARNER. There is another point,
Mr. President. There is to my mind in these
restrictions, as I have said, a suspicion of bad
faith which seems to me very unwise and which
tends to provoke or produce the thing suspected.
There is an expression of want of faith in what
the State of Mississippi has done. We have
seen the Senator from Missouri ask if the State
of Mississippi is cured. I ask, if the fact that
the State of Mississippi has been the first to
send upon the floor of this Senate a represent-
ative of the colored race is not some evidence
that she has been cured of her rebellious no-
tions? When the State of Missouri shall have
advanced to that point of liberal ideas, to that
point of disregard of prejudice of race and of
caste, that she can send here a member of that
race wnom the Senator now seeks to protect,
she may vie in her radical devotion to universal
liberty, regardless of color, race, or previous
condition, with the State of Mississippi, which
the Senator is seeking now to restrict and hin-
der in her admission upon this floor.
I believe that the party to which I belong
are pretty generally agreed upon the idea tint
there rests m the Congress of the United States
a power which, whether it can be very clearly
or accurately defined, whether or not the pre-
cise bounds can be set in regard to it, jvt ex-
ists to interfere in any State when, in the judg-
ment of Congress, that State shall be either iu
rebellion to the Government of the United
States or so far oppressing or injuring her
citizens as to require that protection. I believe
in that doctrine myself; and it seems to me
that in putting on these restrictions in advance
there is an implied denial of that power. If
the power exists, then why in advance impose
these restrictions as the foundation for the
exercise of that power hereafter?
Now, Mr. President, it is because I have
more faith than the Senator from Missouri, and
perhaps some of those who are imposing these
restrictions, in the permanency of republican
principles — and I mean republican in the
broadest sense, not in a party sense—it is
because I have more faith in the reconstruc-
tion of these States, a faith based upon five
years of actual knowledge of and intercourse
with these people, that I do not desire to doubt
their honesty and good faith by the imposition
of these restrictions, which to my mind seem
idle to produce the ends desired.
Yesterday the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds]—and I have read his speech very
carefully and with interest—seemed to regard
these conditions as in the nature of a compact.
Now, I ask who there is here who is prepared
to make a contract upon the part of the State
of Mississippi? Are we to say that these Sen-
ators who are upon this floor waiting for their
seats, however distinguished may be their abili-
ties or however firm their integrity, can bind
their State ? They are waiting here with every
consideration of interest, of ambition, prompt-
ing them to take their seats at once; and I ask
if the mere fact of their taking their seats is
to be understood as binding the State of Mis-
sissippi as a party to a compact or agreement
in regard to these conditions? Were they sent
here with any such view? Did the Legisla-
ture of the State of Mississippi authorize these
gentlemen to contract in regard to the condi-
tions upon which the State of Mississippi
should be admitted here; and is the fact of
their taking their seats to be regarded as con-
cluding a compact with the State of Mississippi
as to the terms upon which she shall remain
in this Union? To be consistent we must
send back these conditions to the State of
of Mississippi, and require her by solemn public
act to ratify them and to agree to them as the
condition of her admission.
Mr. President, I am not to be behind any
Senator upon this floor in any practical measure
for the protection of the loyal people of the
South—for the protection of all classes, of all
races and colors and conditions, in their equal
rights. Upon that ground I am as radical as
the most radical. But there is a radicalism of
suspicion, there is a radicalism of hate, there
is a radicalism of bitterness to which I am not
a party. I have felt myself that this great
contest for liberty, for equal human rights, has
been fought and won, and that the contest is
not again to be reopened. As the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Yates] said yesterday, I
believe, but I think with a little more faith than
he, that truly—
" Thro' the ages one increasing purpose runs.
And tho thoughts of men are widen d -with the
process of the suns."
Therefore, I am willing to rest this question
upon the public judgment of the people. When
it shall come to matters of practical legislation
like that of the bill of the Senator from Nevada
or the Senator from Indiana, for the practical
protection of the people of the South, and par-
ticularly colored people, in their rights given
