1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
between each other is not entirely optional^viili
the medical profession, and if such a bill as the
Senator desires were passed could these colored
physicians consult with white physicians unless
the latter chose?
Mr. SUMNER. My object is to repeal the
existing charter, and then charter a new society
which shall be founded on republican prin-
ciples.
Mr. PATTERSON. That is, one which shall
compel this consultation?
Mr- SUMNER. One that shall receive col-
ored people into its fraternity.
_ Mr. PATTERSON. That I have no objec-
tion to.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; that is the
principle.
Mr. PATTERSON. The only point I wanted
to get at was this: consultation between sur-
geons and physicians^ is a matter of option
with the parties ; _ and if you repeal the charter
of this organization can you then secure the
consultation desired ?
Mr. SUMNER. I think that we can.
Mr. PATTERSON. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that by the creation
of a new society, from which those who now
ostracise colored persons shall themselves be
excluded if need be, we may bring about the
desired result. Stage by stage has this great
battle been fought. At the beginning colored
people were excluded everywhere ; but already
the rule of equal rights has obtained a succes-
sion of victories. No person is now excluded
from the cars or public conveyances on ac-
count of color; nor is he excluded from
giving his testimony in court, nor from appear-
ing in court as counselor. He is not excluded
from Congress, nor from office, and here in the
District at' last he votes. But here in Wash-
ington the medical profession, intrenching
themselves in their society, raise again the old
beaten standard of proscription.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to say that I
am heartily with the Senator in his purpose.
I simply asked the question I propounded for
information. It seemed to me the proposition
would not meet the object lis desired.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will be good
enough to mention any proposition that will
meet the point I shall welcome it. He will
observe that my resolution is general in its
character. It directs the committee to consider
what legislation is necessary to bring about the
desired result. I do not mean to say in advance
what that legislation may be. One proposition
of gentlemen interested in the subject is to
annul the charter of this society. I do not
know that that will not be a sufficient remedy.
Perhaps there may be something better. I
want a remedy, and am indifferent to its form.
But I shall be astonished if Congress is power-
less to right this wrong.
Mr. NORTON. When I made my objection
I understood the resolution to direct the com-
mittee to report a bill repealing the charter.
Mr. SIJMNER. No; simply to consider
the subject.
Mr. NORTON. If it is simply a direction
to the committee to consider the matter I have
no objection to its present consideration or to
the committee acting on it; and then on then-
report the whole subject may be discussed.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. NORTON. My understanding of the
resolution on hearing it read was that it directed
the committee to report a bill repealing the
charter of this medical association.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Minnesota to withdraw
his objection. Is it renewed ? Tt is not; and
the resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have the
resolution reported.
The resolution was read.
The resolution was agreed to.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I now move, on behalf
of the Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of bill No. 283.
The motion was agreed to.; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 283) to remove polit-
ical disabilities of certain persons therein
named.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from South Carolina to
move to amend the bill by striking out the
names of Charles C. Crowe and Alexander
MeKinstry, of Alabama, so that it will simply
apply to Philemore B. Hawkins, of Franklin
county, North Carolina, and C. R. Mobley, of
Tampa, Florida.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I would inquire of my
friend from South Carolina whether the bill
goes far enough for his purpose. As I under-
stand it, the bill removes the disability imposed
by the fourteenth amendment, but not the dis-
ability arising from the test-oath.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana move an amendment?
Mr. MORTON. I think one is necessary to
carry out the purpose of the bill. I move to
insert after "amendment" the words " of the
Constitution, or by the laws of the United
States."
_ Mr. NORTON. I wish to make a sugges-
tion to the chairman of the committee. The
object, I understand, of the amendment is to
relieve these persons from the necessity of
taking what is called the test-oath. Is that a
disability from which they can be relieved by
an act of this kind, or must you repeal the
law? If the law remains in force is it com-
petent to exempt them from the necessity of
taking the oath? It is a question for the com-
mittee to consider.
Mr. WARNER. I do not think this amend-
ment is necessary, because there is a law
already relieving persons from taking the test-
oath whose disabilities have been removed by
act of Congress. They are allowed to take a
modified oulh.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes; there is an oath
prescribed for them to take.
Mr. WARNER. I move to amend the bill
by adding the name of "D. II. McCall, of
Alabama."
The VICE PEES 1DENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Indiana,
unless that shall be withdrawn.
Mr. ABBOTT. I hope the bill will be
passed at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The law referred
to will bo found on page 270 of the Manual,
providing that whenever any person who par-
ticipated in the late rebellion has had his legal
disabilities removed by a vote of two thirds of
each House and shall bo elected or appointed
to any_ office ho shall take a modified oath,
which is prescribed. That seems to cover the
point suggested.
Mr. WARNER. That meets the difficulty,
and therefore I hope the amendment will not
prevail.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I do not see any neces-
sity for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WARNER. I move to amend the bill
by adding to it "and D. II. McCall, of Union
Springs, Alabama."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. _ 1 he bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall this bill
pass, which by the Constitution requires a two-
thirds vote. [Putting the qaestion.] It ap-
pears to have passed by a two-thirds vote. It
has so passed.
clearing the floor.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I move to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
introduced by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Drake] passed the Senate yesterday, requiring
the Sergcant-at-Arms to cause all persons not
entitled to the floor to leave the Chamber ten
minutes prior to the time of meeting. My
reason is that by the enforcement of this reso-
lution we shall have an additional number of
calls to leave the Chamber during the hours
the body is in session, and we shall save some
of those calls if we have an opportunity to meet
persons in the Chamber during the ten minutes
prior to the commencement of each day's ses-
sion. I see no objection to persons being per-
mitted to remain in this Chamber till the time
of the meeting of the Senate ; or at any rate,
if it is necessary to fix any time prior to the
hour of meeting when they should leave, three
or four minutes would be ample. There are
constituents here almost every day of different
Senators, who come to the Capitol at that time
in order to call on their Senators. I prefer
that they should have that privilege ; but as I
have said, if any time is necessary to be fixed
let the Sergeant-at-Arms announce four min-
utes before the hand of the clock reaches the
hour of twelve, ' 'all persons not entitled to the
privilege of the floor are requested to leave,"
and we shall be free from all annoyance just as
well as if you fix ten minutes.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I regret that
the Senator from Nebraska should have con-
sidered it necessary for him to move a recon-
sideration of this order. I think there is good
reason for the adoption of some regulation on
this subject. It seemed to me that ten minutes
was a proper time, but I would not object to
putting it at five minutes. The thing that I do
object to is that when I come to the Senate
Chamber here before the time of meeting I
have to elbow my way through a crowd of peo-
ple, gathered in the Senate Chamber, to get to
my desk. If I wish to sit down at my desk
probably there is somebody occupying my seat,
or if I wish to examine any papers there, or
to read any document or any letter, I have
half a dozen standing behind my back, or if I
wish to talk with one person there are half a
dozen within hearing distance of mo. I do
not think, Mr. President, that this is a proper
condition of things to exist in the Chamber of
the Senate of the United States. I do not
think that Senators, when they come to their
places here daily, should be obliged to force
their way through a crowd of men standing
here on no business whatever, nine out of ten
of them. Why cannot the constituents of
Senators go to their rooms to see them, or go
to the ante-rooms of the Senate and send in for
them, not stand here waylaying them at the
doors of the Senate Chamber ?
Mr. President, I really hope that the Senate
will not reconsider this resolution with any
purpose of its ultimate defeat. I think there
are good reasons for it. I have no objection
to the time being shortened five minutes if that
would be gratifying to the Senators, but I
really do hope that they will not altogether
defeat this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nebraska,
to reconsider the vote adopting the resolution
referred to.
Mr. THAYER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 26, nays 26 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Cattell,
Chandler, Colo, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry, Gilbert,
Hamilton, Howe, McCreery, Morton, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Bice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
feprague, Thayer, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, and
Williams—2C.
NAYS—Messrs, Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Brown-
low, Casserly, Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Fowler,
Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Osborn, Pratt, Ross,
bchurz, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Tick-
ers, and Wilson—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Conkling,
