i87a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3247
says there was an understanding that the
Indians were going to give up this territory.
He sajs they proposed togivo it up, and made
a treaty by which- they agreed to give it up ;
but somehow or other it was not ratiiied ; but
the settlers rushed in. Does not the honor-
able Senator know that 110 man can be a set-
tler on the public domain until it ia opened
for settlement by authority of law ? Of course
he knows he cannot.
Mr. President, the whole difliculty cornea
from the fact that lawless men, men who were
desirous of obtaining these lands, unscrupulous
men, men disregardful of the rights of the
Indians, have gone on there in great numbers,
flocked in, perhaps, from other States, as the
Senator says. 1 have no disposition to single
oat the people of Kansas for offensive crit-
icism ; but there is the fact—if there is trouble
on that reservation itcomes from lawless aggres-
sion of whites on the rights of the Indiaus.
Why, sir, the Secretary of the Interior sent
to the House of Representatives the history of
this case; he called the attention of Congress
as early as March last to the condition of things
in Kansas on this territory. What does he tell
jou ? He asks* an appropriation of $50,000 to
feed these Osage Indians. Why? He says
while these Indiaus were off on their hunt, as
they had a right to be, in the latter part of the
fall and early part of the winter, people rushed
into that reservation, occupied their posses-
sions, and w"hen the Indians returned they found
them in full possession of their cultivated lands,
their corn-fields, their corn, their houses, their
buildings; and they hold them to-day; and the
Government of the United States has never
lilted its hand to protect these Indians although
there stands the treaty obligations. Although
there stands the faith of the nation pledged in
a solemn treaty to protect these Indians, twenty
thousand squatters are there, and this nation
is to send a regiment of men, at an expense,
the honorable Senator says, greater than the
whole value of this land, to protect what? To
protect, as my honorable friend from Iowa said
yesterday, the white women and the children
from the tomahawk and the seal ping-knife of
the savage. That is his representation.
Sir, if the United States have a duty to per-
form there—and they have as high and as holy
as a nation can have—it is to protect the Indians
against the lawless and reckless depredations
of these twenty thousand squatters, who are
there disregardlul of the rights of these Indians.
That is the duty of this Government, and if the
Government would attend to that duty there
would be no occasion for rushing a bill of this
character through the Senate of the United
States. It all comes, as our whole difficulties
with the Indians come, from the lawless spirit
of invasion on the border, which this Govern-
ment must rebuke if it intends to have peace,
aod if it intends to keep its record and its rep-
utation and its faith pure. If any Senator has
the cariosity to see how these Indians have been
treated lethim read thiscommunication. They
are in a state of starvation. They are wander-
ing over that territory, and the military has
been called in to protect them against the vio-
lence of these men. Here it is set out how
many of them have been violently assaulted,
their stock taken, provisions taken, and every-
thing upou which they subsist, and the Army
called in to protect the white population, it is
said, against the Indians; and then the Senate
of the United States is invoked to complete the
wrong thus began by expelling the Indians, turn-
ing them off to wander and to perish. • Thi3 is the
spirit in which this bill arises, and this is the
necessity for this proposed legislation. Sir, the
fact is that this Government has neglected to
Perform its treaty obligations to these Indians.
It has neglected to give them that protection
they had a right to expect; it has neglected
J®' d° those things which it ought to have done,
lhat is the difficulty, and there is no other.
It ig said these are savages. My honorable
mend from Iowa says they are blanket sav-
ages, plains eavages, by which he means to
imply, I suppose, the worst kind of savages. I
am confident that is an exaggeration. Let hs
see if it is not. Ia there any American scholar
at all acquainted with our history who doea
not know something about the Osages? These
are the Osages, who have inhabited that region
of country known as the Osage country for a
period beyond the memory ot the white race,
long ago. Wo have been treating with these
Indians now for sixty years and more. We
have taken them under our friendship. We have
pledged to them our friendship and our protec-
tion. They have been our allies, as you will
see if you look into the treaty stipulations. We
have cultivated terms of friendship with them.
They have observed their treaties; that the
history shows. And now, forsooth, when hav-
ing by these treaty stipulations reduced their
entire dominions, which once covered the en-
tire State of Kansas and more, down to five
million acres, we propose to call in the mil-
itary and eject them by force; and in order to
palliate the sin we brand them as savages,
blanket savages, plains savages! Let us look
at this for a moment. I have here the report
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in which
he speaks of the Osages; and he says:
"They number about four thousand, find were
before the late rebellion making a fair progress in
civilization, being the possessor* of large numbers
of cattle, horse?, and hogs, and cultivating fields of
corn, and havingan interest in education manifested
in sending their children to the excellent manual-
labor schools established in the nation under the
Catholics. But between the contending armies they
were despoiled of their property."
That is the character given by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs ; and 1 submit to my
honorable friend that by his nationality and
his blood he may be a credible witness on that
subject. He may be relied upon.
But, Mr. President, I do not intend to dilate
upon this subject. I propose to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to two or three features of
the bill. What I have already said will suffice
as to the character of this measure as a " peace
measure," and the necessity out of which it
grows. Now I want to appeal to the legal
sense of the Senate for a moment, if Senators
will give me their bearing. Referring to the '
first section of the bill, let us see what this
legal proposition is:
Be it enacted, <£e„ That the United States shall
assume the absolute control and ownership of all the
lands known as the Qreat and Little Osage reserva-
tion.
Here, sir, is a legislative proposition that
the Government of the United States "shall
assume the absolute control aod ownership of
the Osage reservation." And this we propose
to do by act of Congress in face of the fact ,
that tbe Indians hold this entire reservation ;
by treaty stipulation. I have before me a treaty
made with these Indians in 1865, one of a series
of treaties running back to 1808, by which this
particular reservation, in lieu of what had been
theretofore ceded, is secured to them by the
faith of the nation. Treaties made under the
Constitution of tbe Unite* States are what?
The supreme law of the land, are they not?
Very welL You propose to override that sol-
emn treaty stipulation by an act of Congress.
That is the first proposition.
Well, sir, why do you treat with these people?
Because it is supposed in all fairness and de-
cency that when we take away their property
they have a right to be heard. But now, sir,
by your arbitrary power, by the exercise of
arbitrary legislative power, you propose to turn
these people off this reservation and " assume
ownership" over the reservation which you
have said belongs to them, and which you have
declared that you would guaranty to them.
You propose by your legislation without their
being heard upon the subject, they being no
party in court and having no day in court, to
take it arbitrarily away from them and over-
ride your solemn treaty stipulations.
Was that ever done before in the legislation
of this country? Was it ever done anywhere
before ? Will anybody say that we ought to
do a thing of that sort to a feeble and impotent
people who are in your power with no power
to resist and no voice to be heard? Will any-
body say that any such act as that ever was
known in any civilized country and in any
! deliberative body? But that is this proposi-
! tion. You propose by this act of legislation
to override a solemn treaty made with these
Indians and in which your faith is pledged by
an act done in their absence, giving them no
voice and no day in court; and all this is to be
done by the Representatives of a Christian
people.
There may be some way by which the com-
plication alluded to by the Senator from Kansas
can be cut and by which the difficulty which I
recognize to exist growing out of the lawless
state of things I have described in Kansas .on
this reservation may be pacified ; but I am sure
that the Congress of the United States will
pause before it puts upon the record of the
legislation of the nation a proposition by an
act of Congress to override a solemn treaty,
( which cannot be made but by the consent of
I two competent contracting parties.
; Now, let us take one step further. That is
! one proposition, but there is another embraced
in the same section of the bill:
"The United States shall assume the ownership
of the Osage reservation known as the Grent and
Little Osage reservation, in the State of Kansas,
including"—
I wish the Senate to observe this—
" all lands in said State ceded to the United States
1 in trust."
What is that? Not only to take the Osage
reservation, but it proposes to take that por-
tion of the lands which heretofore have been
ceded by these Indians to the United States in
trust. The Congress of theUnited States now
undertake by a legislative act to say what they
will do in regard to a trust which they have un-
dertaken by a solemn treaty to perform. Let
us see how it is proposed to manage that. This
trust is this: by the second article of the treaty
of 1865 it is provided:
"Tbe said tribe of Indians also hereby cede to the
United States a tract of land twenty miles in width
from north to south,off the northside of the remain-
der of their present reservation, and extending its
entire length from east to west, which land is to be
held in trust for said Indians, and to be surveyed
and Bold for their benefit by the Secretary of the In-
terior, under such rules and regulations as he may
from time to time prescribe, under the direction of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, as
other lands are surveyed and sold. The proceeds of
such sales, as the? accrne, after deducting all ex-
penses incident to the proper execution of the trust,
shall be placed in the Treasury of the United States
to the credit of said tribe of Indians."
This nation by that treaty accepted that
trust. What was it? That it would take care
of these lands and sell them at a reasonable
price—I think the price is $1 25 an acre—and
it shall be put into the Treasury to the credit
of the Indians. Now what is proposed? It
is proposed that we shall "assume the owner-
ship" of these lands as fof ourselves ;' and
what are we to do with them ? We are to sell
them, and are to pay these Indians for them
at the rate of about eighteen cents an acre.
That is what we propose to do, and that is
the way we propose to execute a trust which
we solemnly entered into in 1865. Having
then told these people that we would survey
these lands, put them into the market and sell
them, and that they should have the proceeds
of the sales, we now propose to say that we will
"assume the ownership " of them absolutely,
and that they shall be put off with eighteen
cents an acre. What do you think of that,
sir? Will the Congress of the United States
do that with their eyes open ? Will you execute
a trust which you solemnly entered into with
the Indians in 1865, by which you told them
they should have the benefit of the money
arising from a certain reservation—will you
execute that trust now by an arbitrary act of
Congress saying that you "assume the owner-
ship '' of the land and will put them off with
eighteen cents an acre? lhat is the propo-
