1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2803
especially of parties interested in the renewal
of patents, that the committee are of the opin-
ion that where a parly simply neglects without
any providential hinderanee or lawful excuses
to make his application within the time pre-
scribed by law, or pleads simply ignorance,
that he did not know what the law was, it will
be useless to apply to the Senate for renewals
an sncli a case as that while the committee is
constituted as it, is now.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Marianna C. Johnston, praying that,
she maybe recognized as legal heir to her son,
William C. Johnston, who died in the service
of the Government, and thai she be entitled
to whatsoever may be provided by law in such
cases, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Daniel Ballard,
praying the passage of an act to pay the boun-
ties due volunteers which now remain unpaid,
with semi-annual interest from the time of the
discharge of the volunteers, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Shelton, of
the second North Carolina mounted infantry,
reported a bill (S. No. 7315) for the relief of
Lieutenant John Shelton ; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Isaac II. Allen,
late second lieutenant company 13, fourteenth
cavalry regiment Illinois volunteers, reported
a hill (S. No. 734) for the relief of Isaac H.
Allen ; which wad read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. -8) for the
relief of Robert L. D. Burchfield, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
142) for the relief of William AT. Kimball, re-
ported adversely, and moved that it be indefi-
nitely postponed; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the memorial of Mahlon Loomis, praying an
appropriation to enable him to demonstrate
his discovery of telegraphing, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Commerce ;
which "was agreed to.
p u r t i i s o :c r a >j i; r p o rv
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution fox-
printing extra copies of the Smithsonian report,
have instructed me to ask to be discharged
from its further consideration, and to report a
concurrent rosolution as a substitute, and rec-
ommend its passage. I ask for its present
consideration.
The YJ CE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from the Senate resolution,
and the concurrent resolution now reported
will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Resolved ha the Senate, (the House of "Representa-
tives concurring,) That thirteen thousand addition;! 1
copies of the report of the Smithsonian Institution
for the year 1869 bo printed, three thousand for the
use of the Senate, five thousand for the use of the
House, and five thousand for the use of the Smith-
sonian Institution: Provided, That tho aggregate
number of pages of said report to be printed shall
not exceed four hundred and fifty, and that there
shall bo no illustrations except those furnished by
the tfmithsoni.u\Iiistitution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
OliDKR OF BUSINESS.
.Air. COLE. 1 ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill. ,
The VICEPRESIDENT. Ihemormnghour
lioitr has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the question of privilege in
regard to Adelbert Ames, on which the Sen-
atorfrom Maryland [Mr. Vickers] is entitled
to the floor. Does he yield to allow morning
business to come in, subject to a demand for
the regular order ?
Mr. VICKERS. I do.
MESSAGE FJIOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clistox Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 512) for the relief of Captain Phelps
Paine, without amendment.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 512) for the relief of Captain
Phelps Paine; and
A bill (S. No. 596) to relieve certain persons
therein named from legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on this day
approved and signed the following bills:
An act (S. No. 221) for the relief of the
sureties of Israel T. Canby, late receiver of
public moneys at Crawfordsville, Indiana; and
An act (S. No. 466) for the relief of the
owners of the brig Ocean Belle.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 735) to establish a national institute of
applied sciences; which was read twicc by its
title, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 736)
to authorize the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States
and Australia ; which was read twice bv its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
737) for the relief of David P. Jenkins; winch
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 738)
granting lands to the Kansas City and Mem-
phis Railroad Company; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG- asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 730) donating the marine hospital at New
Orleans, Louisiana, to the State of Louisiana,
for hospital purposes; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
i nierce, and ordered to be printed.
! Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
! sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
' 740) to authorize the Secretary of tho Interior
to pay William Martin, of Virginia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee ou Claims.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bdl (S.
No. 741) for the relief of Thomas L. Griffy;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (S. No. 381)
granting lands to aid in the construction ot a
railroad from the western boundary of Minne-
sota to the junction of the Sioux Wood river
with the Red River of the North to the "Win-
nipeg district of British America; which was
ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS. .
_Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to interfere
with the order of business which Senators have
in view to-day, if there is any such order; but
Senators know very well what my relations are
to other pending matters, and I feel that t
ought at least to give the Senate an opportu-
nity of determining what course they will take.
I therefore move that the Senate proceed 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland, who has the floor on the ques-
tion of privilege, yielded to altowthe morning
business to be concluded.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator to yield
to me to make a motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is not yet concluded. Resolutions are
in order.
RATIFICATION OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its consideration at the
present time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to inform the Senate the date of the ratification of
the proposed fifteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States by the several States
respectively which have ratified the same.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 hope the Senator
will not object.
Mr. DRAKE. We have that information
printed and lying on our tables,
Mr. SAULSBURY. The date is not stated.
This only calls for the date of the ratifications
of the several States. I propose to discuss this
question, and I wish in discussing it to have
before me the date of the ratification by the sev-
eral States. '
Mr. DRAKE. That is already here in print
on our tables in a communication received the
other day.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If so I am not aware
of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will go over under the objection to its present
consideration.
JAMES AND OIIIO RIVERS.
Mr. W1LLEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce in-
quire into the expediency of causing a survey and
examination, under the direction ofthe \\rar Depart-
ment, of the line of water communication between
tide-water on the James river and tho Ohio river at
the mouth of the Great Kanawha, by way ot tiie
James and ltanawha rivers and their tributaries,
with a view to ascertain the practicability and utility
of such water communication as may be required tor
the transportation of military supplies in time of
war, and to meet the commercial necessities ot the
valley of the Mississippi river, with liberty to report
by bill or otherwise, as they may deetn best.
SENATOa FROM MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. SAWYER. I shall feel obliged to the
honorable Senator from Maryland if he will
yield to me to take up a bill which I think will
be disposed of in a few minutes. It is the bill
(S. No. 252) to provide for the sale of certain
lands and lots of the sea islands of Beaufort
county, South Carolina, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object,
though I dislike very much to interpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the question of
privilege, and the Senator from Maryland is
entitled to the floor. Does he yield to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts ?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive jusi-
ness: and in making that motion I will say
that I do not mean to press it. I leave it to the
determination of the Senate,
i Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator wants us to
vote it down, I suppose. We can do that.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 U18 J5ǣ>ator t0 wlt51"
'^CHANDLER. I hope we shall not go
into executive session on a dead issue.
