1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Naval Appropriations—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
trident in the coal fires of our sea steamers,
joined in the roar! Even the sedate gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] hav-
ing laughed here quietly by arithmetic, went
lo New Hampshire with a message from Gen-
eral Grant for a descending scale on expendi-
tures, and there standing—a majestic figure—
like a Colossus—one foot on Mount Pequawket
and the other on Mount Washington—gave one
grand ironic guffaw which reached every voter
of that State, from the sources of the Connec-
ticut to Portsmouth by the sea, and that roaring
element thundered the echo upon the shores
of Rye beach until nature, trembling through
all her frame, gave signs that,heaven and earth
appreciated the economy of this Administra-
tion !
The confused statement of unexpended
balances, and of refuudings and expenditures
by the present Secretary were, however, too
serious for laughter. He had asked for §28,-
205,071 75 for the ensuingyear, or$7,221,256 78
more thanMr. Welles asked, and $12,385,135 77
more than Congress would authorize the year
before. When X introduced, week after week,
resolutions of inquiry, they were objected to.
Then at last I took the floor and exposed, in as
ample a manner as was then possible, the in-
efficiency, irresponsibility, and extravagance
of this rickety Department. Not an officer in
the Department but knew my statements were
correct. The wonder only was where f got
them! What answer was vouchsafed? None.
Why? Was there none lo be given ? None.
The editor of the New York Herald iu a lecent
issue evidently appreciates the pitiable condi-
tion of the Department. He is a friend of the
Department, but even hem a neat bit of irony
is compelled to say :
" Any member may fret up in Congress mid abuse
the Navy to his hearth eon tent.'" Are. "This was seen
in the case of Mr. Cox, when he attacked tilo Navy
lately on the iloor ut Congress, and, after abusing
everything connected wif a the service, he produced
an array of figures that, it- eorrcct, would prove a ;i
intolerable amount of extravagance against the De-
partment. It is needles to say that these iipures
were all wrong, and no more staled the actnai ex-
penditures of the I\ avy than they did anything e!-'e;
vet 1 !i ere was not a man on the iloor of Congress who
could answer them. Those who desired to reiluc
Mr. Cox's statements were not able to do so for want
ot present information, which it is presumed they
could have obtained by going to the Na,vy Depan-
ment; and in consequence of this Mr. Cox's figures
were no doubt swallowed by those who desired to
believe them.
" Thus wc sec the necessity of having some one in
the naval committees of both Houses who will al-
ways be ready with the naval budget to explain tho
truth to members when they get up on the floor of
Congress and make assertions not founded on fact.
What does Mr. Cox carc for the interests of a service
that gives him no votes and cannot pat a dime in
his pocket? Theio should, however, be some few
men among the creat body of Congress who have
patriotism enough to try and save the gieat bul-
wark of the nation from the in.inries intlicted by
ignorant pretenders. Y/hon the .Xa vy estimates for
iho year curling March CI, 1^71, were presented to
the British House of Commons it was refreshing to
see the manner in which Mr. Chiiders got up on the
iloor and explained to the House, item by item, until
the whole amount (of sixty million dollars in our
currency) was voted through in spite of iho moot
vigorous attacks by the opposition."
I am not concerned now so much about my
array of figures. The confession is that no one
here could answer them, right or wrong. The
editor of the Herald has an exquisite vein at
limes, and a mixed view of the duty of a Con-
gressman. He is right when he says that we
need a man here like the late Senator Grimes,
who had naval affairs at his tongue's end. We
do need a man here like Mr. Chiiders, who
can tell at once and to a shilling what each
item means. More than that, I can say to the
editor, what he doubtless means to intimate,
that wc need a man in the Navy who is not the
tool of others, and who will learn himself of
our Navy what Mr. Chiiders knows of the
British, and who can give intelligent views
and correct accounts. When such a man ap-
pears I will be the first to hail him as the
creator of efficiency, order, and accountabil-
ity, and shall be ready with no niggard will to
vote the amplest means to equip and strengthen
this arm of our service.
I would place our service in a position en-
tirely adequate to the demands of our foreign
commerce and our relations to other nations.
I would keep in view the improvements and
changes in the art of ship-building in wood or
iron. I would, however, speak plainly. The
interests of commerce which the Navy is in-
tended to protect arc entirely ignored. We
have imports and exports—trade and com-
merce; but we do not carry them on by our
own navigation. The latter is in utter decrep-
itude. As it grows, by better legislation, by
relief from tariff exactions and irredeemable,
uncosmopolitan paper money, I would enlarge
the Navy in the same proportion. It is a prob-
lem 1 would like some one to solve, whether
even now, in the depressed condition of our
fading navigation, we have not as much guard
from our Navy as our commerce demands, and
as much in proportion to that demand as we
ever had!
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Halb]
speaks in high eulogy of the economy of our
Navy compared with the English. I am as-
tounded at his statements. Allow me to offset
by free quotation from an article in the New
York Tribune of the 8th May. In that article
it is said:
"In thebudsetsubmitted by the British ministry to
the House of Commons the estimates for the navy are
X9,250,000, or about forty-live million dollars, with
which it is expected to maintain ior the ensuingyear
a force of sixty-one thousand men, to keep in com-
mission ono hundred and ninety ships, forty ot which
arc largo armored vessels, to pay all dock-yard ex-
penses, and to complete ten first-class ship« now
building. Our Secretary of the Navy asks an appro-
pnalion of Congress of $21,000,000 to main tain a naval
iorce of about twelve thousand men and forty vessels,
not one of which is armored, or ought to be rated as
lirst class. Ho does not propose to build any new
vessels with this money, nnd hisligures lepresentthe
mere running expenses of our Navy lor a single year.
With half as much money as the liritish navy costs,
new ships included, ho proposes to maintain only
one hfth as many vessels and men. I have not now
at hand any data lo show the cost of the navies of
other mipitimo Powers, but I am safe in asserting
that the United States has the most expensive Na,\ y
in the world in proportion to its effectiveness, and it
inigbtiurthor be added that wc have thomost ineffi-
cient Navy in the world."
The writer of this article gives the causes of
our naval extravagance. We have, first, five
hundred idle supernumerary officers under pay;
second, we maintain useless navy-yards and
stations, and a force of salaried officers, clerks,
&c., while there is not work enough for one
navy-yard. He finds fault, as I did in my
former speech, with the mode of running the
Navy by merely naval officers, and not civil-
ians. He charges that the law has been dis-
torted, officers loaded with high rank, large
salaries, and easy service, and appropriations
diverted to purposes never intended. The
abuses of placing on duty a large number of
retired officers to give them full pay, and then
retirement to make soft places for the pets of
Admiral Porter, are enlarged upon by this
writer. Of the retired rear admirals all but
four are on some duty more or less nominal,
making the list of rear admirals drawing duty
pay twenty-six! There are fifty-two commo-
dores on the retired list. When the five-min-
utes debate comes into play I will endeavor to
show up some others of these abuses in this
connection.
Even so able an advocate of a great Navy as
the New York Herald must take cognizance,
if not of these abuses, then m general of the
facts connected with our lost shipping. It
must know what travelers observe. For in-
stance, there is not an American merchant
vessel east of Marseilles : but our squadron
has its rendezvous at Nice or Villa Eranca.
They spend our money lavishly, and we pay
it—m gold ! Our officers hobnob with broken-
down dukes and saunter into the operas. Our
squadron consists of five vessels, having over
one hundred officers, whose aggregate pay is
annually $250,000; the number of men, sailors,
&c., fifteen hundred, whose annual pay is
§360,000. The expenses of keeping of ships
in order is §175,000. Total, §785,000. This
is the least possible sum the ships of this
squadron can be maintained for, and this in
gold. The cruise is for three years ; so that
at the end of that time the Government will
have paid out, for the purpose of letting its offi-
cers and their families see Europe, §2,355,000,
and this, too, when one small steamer would
have answered all the purpose of this large class
of vessels, and our flag would have been seen
in more ports than it now is. Our people can
rest assured that their European squadron is
naught else but a pic-nic for which they must
pay the bills.
Would it not be better if this sum of money
was expended at home in building up our depots
of construction and preparing ourselves for the
future greatness of our country than to thus
squander the hard earnings of the mechanics
and fanners who are now taxed to the utmost ?
Or is it essential for us to follow-up the ideas
of Europe to keep a large Navy for the purpose
of providing a seeming employment and a home
for its officers? A friend in Florence counted
no less than twenty-two officers of the United
States squadron in that city in one hotel on one
evening. Their vessels were in Spezzia. These
officers had a month's leave from their ships,
and were receiving full pay, and, as they termed
it, sea service. Here was a sum of §4,400 gone
from the Government in one month and not
one cent to show for it! Therefore, I say,
instead of increasing our admirals and com-
modores, withdraw one half of our Navy offi-
cers from the pension or pay rolls of the Gov-
ernment. We have no use for them so long
as we have no commerce.
I said the views of the editor of the New
York Herald about congressional duty are
mixed. He seems to think that my remarks
were superfluous or incorrect, because the
Navy has no votes to give and cannot put
money in my pocket. Of course, the latter is
hardly intended to be an insinuation. I believe
that no one has ever even hinted that my votes
here were nnduly influenced. The editor of
the Herald will find much to censure me for,
and justly; but amid all the jibes, jeers, abuse,
and denunciation incident to quite a service
here, I have been compensated for my failures
in other respects by the consciousness of offi-
cial probity. And if there are no votes to be
had I may say, what I have not yet said, be-
cause it would hardly have been in good taste,
that I am not hero so much by my own consent
as by the partiality of friends. But being here,
and from the metropolis of commerce, more
interested than any other city in the efficiency of
the Navy, I would be wanting as a Representa-
tive, and especially asa member of the Opposi-
tion, whose duty is inquiry and criticism, if 1
did not, even at the risk of error now and then,
and in the absence and refusal of authentic
information, lay bare the iniquities, imbecil-
ities, and extravagance of this branch of the
public service.
Why, then, was not the resolution of inquiry
which I offered early in the session passed and
my speech answered? Because the resolution
was searching after the truth, and the truth was
not convenient to be told, and the speech was
the nearest that could be ascertained after the
failure to pass the resolution. Why did not
the Navy Department mako the exhibit ? The
House will notice, by the book of estimates,
that each Department states, as it should,
wherein it is deficient, and asks an appropri
ation for the deficiency ; but the Navy Derail-
ment concealed its condition, anu though it i-,
deficient more than any and all the other Do. r
ments combined, the facts did not appear, i-i,
